962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
political freedom, combined with entire security,
such as no other people ever enjoyed upon the face
of the earth. Society precedesgovernment;creates
it, and ought to control it; but as far as we can look
back in historic times we find the case different;
for government is no sooner created than it be-
comes too strong for society, and shapes and
molds, as well as controls it. In later centuries
the progress of civilization and of intelligence has
made the divergence so great as to produce civil
wars and revolutions; and it is nothing now but
the want of harmony between governments and
societies which occasions all the uneasiness and
trouble and terror that we see abroad. It was this
that brought on the American Revolution. We
threw off a Government not adapted to our social
system, and made one for ourselves. The ques-
tion is, how far have we succeeded? The South,
so far as that is concerned, is satisfied, content,
happy, harmonious, and prosperous.
In all social systems there must be a class to do
the mean duties, to perform the drudgery of life.
That is, a class requiring but a low order of intel-
lect and but little skill. Its requisites are vigor,
docility, fidelity. Such a class you must have,
or you would not have that other class which leads
progress, refinement, and civilization. It consti- j
tutes the very mud-sills of society and of political |
government: and you might as well attempt to I
build a house in the air, as to build either the one j
or the other, except on the mud-sills. Fortu- j
nately for the South, she found a race adapted to !
that purpose to her hand. A race inferior to her- I
self, but eminently qualified in temper, in vigor,
in docility, in capacity to stand the climate, to an- |
swer all her purposes. We use them for'the pur- j
pose, and call them slaves. We are old-fashioned j
at the South yet; it is a word discarded now by i
ears polite; but I will not characterize that class at '
the North with that term; but you have it; it is
there; it is everywhere; it is eternal.
The Senator from New York said yesterday
that the whole world had abolished slavery. Ay,
the name, but not the thing; and all the powers of
the earth cannot abolish it. God only can do it
when he repeals thethe poor ye always have
with you;" for the man who lives by daily labor,
and scarcely lives at that, and who has to put out
his labor in the market and take the best he can get
for it; in short, your whole class of manual labor-
ers and operatives, as you call them, are slaves.
The difference between us is, that our slaves arc
hired for life and well compensated; there is no
starvation, no begging, no want of employment
among our people, and not too much employment
either. Yours are hired by the day, not cared for,
and scantily compensated, winch may be proved
in the most deplorable manner, at any hour, in
any street in any of your large towns. Why,
sir, you meet more beggars in one day, in any
single street of the city of New York, than you
would meet in a lifetime in the whole South. Our
slaves are black, of another, inferior race. The
status in which we have placed them is an eleva-
tion. They are elevated fiom the condition in
which God first created them, by being made our
slaves. None of that race on the whole face of
the globe can be compared with the slaves of the
South, and they know it. They are happy, con-
tent, unaspiring, and utterly incapable, from intel-
lectual degradation, ever to give us any trouble by
their aspirations.
Your slaves are white, of your own race; you
are brothers of one blood. They arc your equals
in natural endowment of intellect, and they feel
galled by their degradation. Our slaves do not
vote. We give them no political power. Yours
do vote, and being the majority, they are the de-
positaries of ail your political power. If they
knew the tremendous secret, that the ballot-box
is stronger than an army with bayonets, and could
combine, where would you be' Your society
would be reconstructed, your government recon-
structed, your property divided, not as they have
mistakenly attempted to initiate such proceedings
by meeting in parks, with arms in their hands,
but by the quiet process of the ballot-box. You
have been making war upon us to our very hearth-
stones. How would you like for us to send lec-
turers or agitators North, to teach these people
this, to aid and assist in combining, and to lead
them?
Mi\ WILSON and others. Send them along.
Mr. HAMMOND. You snv, send them North.
There is no need of that. They are coming here.
They are thundering at our doors for homesteads
of one hundred and sixty acres of land for noth-
ing, and southern Senators are supportingit. Nay,
they are assembling, as I have said, with arms in
their hands, and demanding work at $1,000 a year
and six hours a day. Have you heard that the
ghost of Mendoza is stalking in the streets of
your big cities; that the inquisition is at hand?
There is afloat a fearful rumor that there have
been consultations for vigilance committees. You
know what that means already. Transient and :
temporary causes have thus far been your pres- j
ervation. The great West has been open to your ;
surplus population, and your hordes of semi-bar-
barian emigrants, who are crowding in year by
year. They m  ke a great movement, and you call
it progress. Whither? It is progress; butit is
Progress towards vigilance committees. The
outh have sustained you in a great measure.
You are our factors. You bring and carry for us.
One hundred and fifty million dollars of our money
| passes annually thiough your hands. Much of
| it sticks; ail of it assists to keep your machinery
I together and in motion. Suppose we were to dis-
charge you; suppose we were to take our business
out of your hands; we should consign you to an-
archy and poverty.
You complain of the rule of the South: that has
been another cause that has preserved you. We
have kept the Government conservative to the
great purposes of the Government. We have
placed her, and kept her, upon the Constitution;
and that has been the cause of your peace and
prosperity. The Senator from New York says
that that is about to be at an end; that you intend
to take the Government from us; that it will pass
from our hands. Perhaps wThat he says is true;
it may be; but do not forget—it can never be for-
gotten; it is written on the brightest page of hu-
man history—that we, the slaveholders of the
South, took our country in her infancy; and, after
ruling her for sixty out of the seventy years of
her existence, we shall surrender her to you with-
out a stain upon her honor, boundless in pros-
perity, incalculable in her strength, the wonder
and the admiration of the world. Time will show
what you will make of her; but no time can ever
dimmish our glory or your responsibility.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before entering, Mr. Pres-
ident, upon the discussion of the merits of this
important controversy, I feel called upon to no-
tice, in brief terms, some considerations thrown
into this debate which partake less of argument
addressed to our judgments and consciences than
of appeals calculated to alarm the apprehensions
of patriots devoted to the Constitution and the
Union.
It has been more than intimated by the honor-
able Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] and
again by the honorable Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] that unless Kansas be admitted at
once into the Union as a slave State under the Le-
compton constitution, the Union of these States is
to be broken up,and the Constitution overthrown;
and the whole speech of the honorable Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Hammond] seemed to
be based on the same idea. Sir, if I could be
brought to believe that any such national calam-
ity would follow, or that there were any well-
grounded apprehensions that it might follow, I
am free to confess these appeals would be entitled
to great consideration. I cannot, like the honor-
able Senator who has preceded me, coldly cal-
culate the value of this Union, and compare the
strength, power, and resources of the southern
and northern confederacies into which he is pre-
pared to divide it, and determine which shall hold
the mastery. That is not the school in winch
1 have been reared. Love for the Union, earn-
est, intense, undying love for tiie Union of these
States, was instilled into my bosom in my earliest
childhood. Next to the God of heaven, I was
I taught to love, honor, and defend it under all cir-
! cumstances and against all enemies, from without
j and from within. That sentiment has grown with
. my growth, and strengthened with my strength;
j and now, in the full vigor of manhood, it is my deep
and sacred conviction to-day, that, as a nation, we
; are indebted to that Union for all we have been,
i for all we are, and for all we may hope to be. By
i that Union this nation, in its past history and its
| present position, and, if true to itself, in its future
; destiny, isto be the highest, the greatest, and most
divinely favored the sun ever shone upon. In ^
that Union, under God, as a nation in all that con- <
stitutes national greatness and makes us a Power \
among the nations upon the earth, we live and 1
move and have our being. The great orator of •
New England, on this floor, more than a quarter
of a century ago,gave utterance to this sentiment, <
so dear and so sacred to every American heart, ;
in words too striking and too forcible ever to be .
forgotten: " Liberty and union, now and forever, ;
one and inseparable." Cherishing as I do this
sentiment, in common, as I believe, with the great
mass of the American people, I am free to con- j
fess, sir, that I can never hear the dissolution of
that Union suggested from any respectable quar-
ter as an event that may happen, without pro-
found emotion; and I have deemed it my first
duty to consider well whether there are any rea-
sonable grounds to apprehend such a result before
I enter upon a discussion of the merits of the con-
troversy now going on. I have duly considered ;
that question, as I believe,in all its'bearings, and
have arrived at the conclusion that there 13 no
just foundation for any such apprehensions; and
I will briefly state my reasons.
First of all, Mr. President, the union of these
States is the most sacredly cherished object of
the patriotic devotion of all the people of the
several States, with very few exceptions, North,
South, East, and West. There are a few indi-
viduals, both North and South, to be found, who
would, if they could, break it up; but, I doubt
not, that arises from some peculiar constitution
of theirminds; while, with the great mass of the
people of the United States, the men of sober
judgment and good common sense, they are re-
garded as impracticable men, with morbid or
diseased imaginations, who are entitled to very
little weight. There have been times when, from
newspaper reports thrown out in the heat of po-
litical excitement, some of the prominent men of
Mississippi and South Carolina have been said to
favor a dissolution of the Union; but the warm
and devoted attachment declared by both the Sen-
ators from Mississippi—the one, [Mr. Brown,]
in his recent speech on Kansas affairs; the other,
[Mi. Davis,] in his reply to the question of the
honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessen-
den,]—satisfies me that loyalty to the Union is
still the sentiment of the people of that State.
From the same source, (newspaper reports,) the
position of the members of Congress from South
Carolina upon this subject has been questioned.
I am informed that a certain newspaper published
in South Carolina, called the Charleston Mercury,
in 185C, in reply to an article in the New York
Herald, declared that—
" Upon the pojicy of dissolving the Union, of separating
the Souih from her northern enemies, ami establishing a
southern confederacy, parties, pieces, politicians, and peo-
ple, are a unit. Theie is nor a single- public man in her
limits, not one of lier pio^ent R^pie-cnfative^ or Senators
in Congress, who is not pleased to the hps m favoi of dis-
union.55
Notwithstanding this statement of a paper pub-
lished in Charleston, South Carolina, I have been
led to believe, and 1 do believe, that it is but the
heated declaration of a newspaper editor, thrown
out in the midst of a political canvass, and sim-
ilar to some threats against the Union we saw in
the Richmond Enquirer during the presidential
canvass; which, we were afterwards informed,
were made as the only means of saving the Union !
Notwithstanding what has just fallen from the
Senator from South Carolina, with all due respcct
I must still be permitted to say, that, in my opin-
ion, ninety-nine in a hundred of all the people of
the United States are, in their very heart of hearts,
loyal to the Union; and that it is not in the power
of Congress, in this or the other branch, or both
together, to dissolve this Union, if they were to
undertake it. Members of Congress are sent here
to support the Constitution and the Union. They
are sworn to support them; and any attempt to
overturn either would not only bring the crime of
treason and perjury upon themselves, butit would
prove wholly futile.
The resolutions of State Legislatures, passed
under the political excitement of the hour, we
have all seen before. Vermont it was whose
Legislature resolved that, in case Texas was an- !
nexed, the Union was dissolved ipso facto. I be-
lieve some one or more of the extreme southern
States passed similar resolutions m case Califor-
nia was admitted as a free State. But the Union
