1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
still stands; and, in my humble opinion, with nil .1
due deference and respect to the resolutions of the |!
Legislature of Alabama, it will still stand, though !
Kansas should be admitted under the Topeka i
or Lecompton constitution, or admitted under I
neither; and it will stand forever. Sir, the peo- ;
pie of those United States, upon their sober sec- j
ond thought, will not only not dissolve thisUnion !
themselves, but they will not suffer it to be dis- :
solved. Any man, or set of men, or any party, 1
who may undertake it, will, in my opinion, in •
the end be utterly overwhelmed and buried be- i
yond the hope of political resurrection. . ;
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator allow me to in- 1
terrupt him at this point? The remark which he
has just made has frequently fallen from the other '
side of the Chamber; and as it is somewhat am- |
biguous and oracular, I should like to have a j
clear explanation of it. I wish to know whether :
the Senator means that the power of this Gov- j
eminent would be exerted to coerce a State into !
the Union? j
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The ground which I take !
is, that the great mass of the people in all the j
States are pledged to maintain theUmon,and they j
will maintain it; and it is not in the power of atiy j
politicians or any set of politicians m the States
to dissolve the Union, if they were to undertake j
to do so. The people will not only not dissolve
it, but they will not suffer it to be dissolved. [
When the question comes to be discussed and 1
understood and brought home to the hearts and ,
the hearthstones of the people, there is, in my j
opinion, no State where the party that shall mi- j
dertake to accomplish disunion will not be utterly j
annihilated and overwhelmed beyond the hope of j
political resurrection. I
Mr. CLAY. The Senator does not seem to j
comprehend my question. I have heard it said.1
on this floor—1 need not allude to what has been j
said in the papcis—that the North would not per- 1
mit any State to sccede from the Union. What
I wished to understand from the Senator was,
whether he meant to say that the physical power,
the military and naval force of the Government,
should be exerted to coerce any State back into
the Union after she had chosen to separate her-
self? 1
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When cases arise, it will !
be time enough to meet them. I do not say what
possibly might arise. I am only speaking of what
I believe cannot arise. I say that, in my opinion,
no State in this Union will secede, or attempt to
secede, and no set of men in any State can per-
suade the people to undertake to secede — not
even in South Carolina—whether Kansas be ad-
mitted as a State under the Lecompton or the
Topeka constitution, or not admitted under any
constitution at all, for five years to come. I
do not believe that I underestimate the power of
politicians, or overestimate the good sense and
intelligence of the American people, when I say
that l'do not believe it to be in the power of all
the politicians in Washington to break up the
union of these States, if they were to under- -
take it. "Whenever the hour of trial shall come, 1
the deep, the devoted, the intense, the undying
love of the great mass of the American people for ;
the union of these States will prove itself to be
stronger and more abiding than the power of any
political organization. I know that in ordinary •
times, and upon questions of ordinary interest, .
public opinion may be swayed,molded, and, to a ,
certain extent, controlled, by men in office, by
party machinery, and political organizations; and
then public opinion would seem to be the mere
voice of the politicians; but there are other times
and other questions—great emergencies—times .
that try the souls of men, when the deep fountains
of the human heart are broken up; and then it is
as true to-day as it was in the days of the Revolu-
tion, the voice of the people is the voice of God.
At times, it is true public opinion is a gently flow-
ing stream, to some extent easily diverted in its
course, upon whose smooth, tranquil surface, pot- ]
iticians and oflice-seekers may float upon their ,
platforms into place and power; but there are other ,
times when the heavens are darkened and the
storm is gathered, when the rains have descended
and the floods have come, that it rolls along, fat ]
emblem of Almighty wrath and power; resistance i
but maddens its fury and increases its strength; j
when mere politicians and platforms and party oi- t
ganizations are all swept away, to become mere ,
floodwood upon the surface ofthe rushingcurrent. j
Sir, there can be no mistaking the fact that a great-|
emergency is now upon us. We are in the midst!
of a revolution not altogether bloodless, in which, 1
for the first time in the history of the American j
Government, the Administration at Washington, i
by an armed intervention,is endeavoring to force I
aStateinto the Union against the will ofitspeople. I
The President may ignore the true condition of 1
affairs; he may honestly suppose that there is a j
great delusion in the public mind, instead of his j
own; but he will learn, and the politicians will ;
learn, that the people of these United States are |
about to take this matter into their own hands. [
From Maine to Kansas, we hoar their voice de-
manding in thunder tones that this Lecompton j
constitution shall not be forced upon that people ]
against their will. And, sir, if you will listen to the I
voice of the great majority ofthe people, even from ;
the southern States, you will soon hear coming up,
from their very heart of hearts, now in whispers,
now in plain, out-spoken words, curses, not loud,;
but deep, and none the less bitter, against this
whole Kansas policy, from the beginning to the
end.
But, sir, to return to the point from which I have
digressed. Pray, sir, what political party desires 1
the dissolution of this Union? Is itthe American
party? Its whole existence is staked upon its
Americanism and its nationality. Is it. the party
which claims, par excellence, to be the National
Democratic party ?—strange as the misnomer may
seem to me, applied to a party to which, at this
day, neither Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, nor
j Jackson, could consistently belong. But, however i
; it may have lost sight of the principles of that party
! in its earlier days, it still claims to be national in
{ its character, the champion of the Union, of law
| and order. All its professions—and I am bound to
believe, for I yield to others the same patriotism
I and sincerity of purpose which I claim tor myself
—all its convictions and aspirations are to sustain
1 law and order, and to maintain the perpetuity of
the Constitution and the Union. Is it, then, the
Republican party which is in favor of a dissolu-
tion ofthe Union? Sir, I knowithas been some-
times charged that the Republican party is sec-
tional in its purposes and disloyal to the Union;
that it aims to trample down the constitutional
rights of the States, and thus, indirectly, under- ■
mine the foundations of the Union. This charge
is utterly groundless. That party commenced its |
organization at Pittsburg on the 22d of February,
1856; and in its address and resolutions there was
not a doctrine, not a syllable, winch conflicts in !
any degree with the doctrines of the old Repub-
lican party of 1798; and in the State which I have
the honor in part to represent, in the resolutions
passed almost unanimously by the Republican
members of the Legislature of Wisconsin upon
my nomination to a place in this body, they ex-
pressly adopted and mcoi purated,as a part of their
very platform, the resolutions passed by the Ken-
tucky and Virginia Legislatures in 179S-99 in rela-
| tion to the reserved rights, sovereignty, and inde-
! pendence of the several States. While, upon the
: one hand, there will be found no State more loyal
to the Union and the Constitution than Wiscon-
sin, upon the other hand there will be found no
State ready to maintain m full vigor, with greater
energy or more devotion, the reserved rights, sov-
ereignty, and independence, of each and every
member of the Confederacy. - In answer to this
oft-repeated charge as to the disloyalty of the Re-
publican party to the Constitution and the Union,
I beg leave to read a brief extract from the. address
which was put forth at its organization in Pitts-
burg in February, 1856:
VYe declare, m the first place, our fixed and unaltered
devotion to the Constitution of the United States—to the
ends for winch it was established, and to the means which
it piovidcd tor their attainment.
" We declaie our puipopo to obey, nl oil things, tile 1C-
qunciiicnts of the Constitution, and of all laws enacted in
pmsuance thereof. We clwii&h a profound levereiice ioi
the wi.-e and patnotic men by whom it was framed, <snd a
lively sense ofthe blessings it has conferred upon our coun-
tiv and upon mankind throughout the world. In every
cr"j3is of difficulty and of danger we shall invoke its spun,
ami pioclauu the supremacy of its authority.
" In the next place, we declare our atdent and unshaken
attachment to this Union of American States wlneli the
Constitution created and lias thus f.u preserved. Wo reveie
it as the purchase of the biood of our foi cfathers, as the con-
dition of our national ieno\vn, and as the guardian anil
guarantee of that libci ty which theConstituuon was designed
to gecilie. We will defend and pioteet it a^am^ta.l lh en-
emies. We will recognize no geographical divisions, no
local interests, no narrow or sectional prejudices, in our en-
deavors to preserve theunion of these States againstforeign
aggreSf>ion and domestic strife. What we claim for our-
selves, vve claim for all. The rights, privileges, and liber-
ties, which we demand as our inheritance, we concede as
their inheritance to all the citizens of this Republic."
The Republican party was hardly organized
when the campaign of 1856 came on. Its organ-
ization is still going on, preparatory to taking pos-
session of this Government in 1860. Its purposes
are not to trample upon the rights of the South;
not to strike down any of the institutions of the
South; but simply to restore the administration of
tho Federal Government to the policy of the early
republican fathers. It asks for nothing more; it
will be satisfied with nothing less. The cardinal
point upon which this party is gathered, the flag
which it bears at tho head of its column, is the
Constitution, the Union, the rights of the States,
and the rights of the Federal Government. With
very few exceptions, every resolution, every well-
considered speech of every prominent member of
the party,from its organizationatPittsburg on the.
22d of February, 1855, to this hour, breathes tho
spirit of ardent loyalty to the Union; and if ever a
political party can be "pledged to tlielips" in favor
of maintaining the Constitution and the Union at
all hazards, against all enemies from abroad, and
against all traitors at home, it is the Republican
party. I know that in the campaign of 1858 this
charge was made against the Republican party,
with tremendous effect, in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
and Pennsylvania, and also throughout all the
southern States, where scarcely any newspaper
could be found to give utterance to its doctrines,
where its speeches and addresses were prevented
from circulation, and where the great mass of the
people could neither understand n'or appreciate its
purposes and motives. I know that during that
| canvass it was sometimes threatened, even in the
| northern States, that in case Colonel Fremont
! should be elected President of the United States
j by the legal votes and suffrages of the American
' people, he should never be inaugurated; that Colo-
1 uel Fremont, though legally elected, though lie
stood pledged before the American people to main-
tain the Constitution, the Union, and the rights of
the several States, should never be permitted to
lake the oath of office in Washington city, but that
the Union would be dissolved. I never heard but
one reply from the Republicans: "If Mr. Buch-
anan is elected, we will stand by the Union; if Mr.
Fillmore is elected, we will stand by the Union;
and if Colonel Fremont is elected, we will stand
by the Union; ay, we will fight for the Union to the
very death; and if any man, high or low, attempts
to overthrow it, we will indict him for treason, try
him for treason, and, if the jury do not acquit
him upon the ground of insanity, and if the Presi-
dent do not interfere to pardon him, we will liang
him as sure as there is a God in heave'n."
If that be disloyalty to the Union, then, sir, tho
Republican patty plead guilty to the charge, but
not otherwise. This oft-repeated charge against
the Republican party is utteily groundless. They
! are pledged, not only not to dissolve the Union
I themselves, but not to suffer it to be dissolved;
i to use every power which God has given them
! to prevent its dissolution! The Union of these
! States was formed in that struggle which gave
| American liberty its birth; the same struggle
1 wluch brought to man upon earth the glad tidings
' ofpolitical redemption. Although itcostthe treas-
1 ure, the agony, and the blood of our ancestors to
! achieve it, I trust the time will never come, which
i seems to be anticipated by the honorable Senator
: from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] when it will cost the
- blood, the agony, and the treasure, of their sons
• to maintain it. But, sir, let me tell that honor-
j able Senator, that the same spirit wluch shaped
I the destiny and guided the deliberations of our
i forefathers in the formation of the Union, still
■ iives—not in one section alone, but in every sec-
| tion and in every State; and that same spirit will
j be ever ready to cement again, if it be necessary t
1 in the blood of the sons, the eternal Union made
: by the fathers. There is a spirit m the American
J people which, on board the ship of State, as it
may occasionally seem to ride over the breakers,
i needs but to bo awakened from apparent slumber
I to arise, and say with a Savior's voice to the
; storm and the raging sea,-' Peace.be still!"' and
> that voice will be obeyed.
i It will never be forgotten by the American
