966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
My only object is to get the matter out of the way,
so as to get at the Army bill. I have nothing to
do with this charge. I know nothing about the
facts, and have no correspondence or connection
with the person who made the charge. I would
not do any injustice to the gentleman from Ohio;
and since I understand, from his action and from
the remarks of my colleague, [Mr.-Burnett,] that
there is a desire, on the part of the gentleman from
Ohio, that there should be an investigation under
this resolution, I hope that, when I withdraw the
motion for postponement, members on all sides of
the House will, without going into a debate that
is to consume another day or two unprofitably,
vote the resolution and have the investigation.
Mr. BURNS, (in his seat.) I do notwantitin
that form. I want to offer a new proposition my-
self.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. All I ask is
that the House will take this thing, in some form,
out of the way.
Mr. BURNS took the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman from New York is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BURNS. The gentleman from New York '
made a speech the other day in my absence, and
I want the permission of the House to rebut it.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Is there not a
motion to postpone pending?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] withdrew it.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I renew the mo-
tion to postpone.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
from New York gets the floor and makes his
speech, the gentleman from Ohio will be then en-
titled to the floor. I hope the matter will not be
postponed, but will be allowed to go on.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I shall renew the
motion to postpone this question before the House.
I do it upon the principle that one is a national
question of great importance; and the other is
purely a personal one in its importance; and it is
better that the gentleman from Ohio should suffer
personally, than that two thousand men, locked
up in the mountains, shall take their chances, and
strong chances, of being cut off by an enemy.
This question ought to be considered and acted
upon by the House; but, sir, itis wholly in refer-
ence to the fact that one is a national question.in
itst character and the other personal, that I renew
the motion to postpone. I
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Georgia |
will withdraw his motion to postpone, and allow i
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Burns] to speak for a j
few minutes upon the merits of the question. I
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. But the gentleman !
from New York [Mr. Hoard] is then entitled to |
the floor. j
Mr. COX. Then I hope the gentleman from j
New York will yield the floor to my colleague.
Mr. HOARD. I will, with great pleasure. I
Mr. BURNS. Mr Speaker, it will be remem- !
bered that on last Fuday was a week, the mem- !
ber from New York [Mr. Hoard] mounted the !
Clerk's stand in this House, and read a paragraph [
from the New York Tribune, insinuating collu- !
sion between the President and myself. I pro-!
nounced it then, as I do this day, a base slander, j
The slang had no signature to it, and he refused j
to indorse it; there was no defendant to the action '
of course. The House refused to take cognizance !
of it. i
I had hoped that members of Congress, if they !
should differ in politics or otherwise, would en-j
deavor to act towards each other as gentlemen;!
if they should happen to do each other an injury !
at the impulse or through misinformation, they :
would retract. Under that belief, I addressed a
note to the member from New York, desiring him
to examine into the truth or falsity of the insinu- !j
ations; if he found me innocent, to rise in his j
place, and set me right before the House. I was f
m my seat all day on Thursday, affer T had ad- !
dressed him the card, and he did not make a mo- j
Uon in regard to it.
But on last Friday, whilst I was confined to my :
room, and out of my seat, the member saw fit to J
bring jny card into this House, and, instead of j
complying with the request contained in my note, '
he reported it to this House, as the proceedings ,
show, and made it the basis of his second privi- i
leged question; instead of endeavoring to fasten,
or make good the insinuation against the Presi-
dent and myself, as set forth in his Tribune par-
agraph, he introduced anew charge orinsinuation
against me alone, " by a statement made by a
member of this House that 1 was to have certain
official patronage or appointments in considera-
tion," &c.
Again: making a running insinuation, guerrilla
fashion, without giving the member's name, or
indorsing the truth of the insinuation himself.
Mr. Speaker, when I addressed the note to the
member from New York, I did not intend to have
it come into this House. It was addressed to him
with the understanding on my part, that if he did
not agree to set me right, he should drop me a
note to that effect, and not run into this House
with it, to be screened by the rules of this House.
It must be manifest to this House that the mem-
ber intended from the start to make a false and
slanderous record against me, to. stab my private
character—being all the time cautious to avoid the
responsibility or punishment of this House that
might ensue had he made direct charges. I
therefore, Mr. Speaker, dismiss the member from
New York. And I say to this House, that from
this date he is at liberty to say or publish any-
thing he may choose against me, on this floor.
I shall, in the future, treat him and his slang with
the contempt that he and it merit in the estimation
of honorable members.
Mr. Speaker, I will state to this House, but not
in the way of a reply to the member from New
York, that there has been no collusion between
the President, nor any of his Cabinet, and my-
self, in regard to the promise of office, or official
patronage in consideration of any vote I have
given, or have to give. Nor have 1 asked him for
an appointment for myself, or any connection on
earth, since I have taken my seat in this Congress.
Nor did the President, or any of his Cabinet, or
any person for them, either direc„tlyor indirectly,
promise me an appointment for any friend.
It is true, that I filed an application ten months
since, for a gentleman in my congressional dis-
trict, for the office of marshal in the northern dis-
trict of Ohio. I called on the President but once
in his behalf since I have taken my seat, and
that, in company with my friend. But the Pres-
ident made no promise that he would appoint him,
but did promise to give his claim a favorable con-
sideration when the vacancy would occur, which
will be in this month.
I now renew the question of privilege, and move
the adoption of the following resolution:
Whereas the gentleman fioni New York, the Hon. Mr.
Hoard, read from the Clerk's desk the following paiacraph
fiom the New York Tribune, of the Iltii of February, to
wit:
" Washington-, Wednesday, February 10,18.">8.
" I learn that until Monday morning it was expected that
Burns, of Ohio, would vote against the Lecomptonites. On
the morning of that day, however, lie came to another per-
ception of his duty, on the understanding with the President
that his son-in law should retain the valuable place of post-
master at Keokuk, Iowa, and that he himself should bo grat-
ified with the office of marshal of the northern district of
Ohio, when his present term in the House is completed"—
Resolved, That a committee of five persons be appointed
by the Speaker, to inquire if there was anycollusion or bar-
gain made between the said Mr. Bi'rns and the Piesidem,
that if lie. Burns, would vote to refer the President'-? Kan~a«
message to the standing Committee on Terntoiies, that the
said Builns;s son-in-law fhould retain the position of post-
master at Keokuk, Iowa, and also that lie, the s«ud Burn?,
should bo gratified, or appointed inaishal of the noifhern
district of Ohio, after his present term m the Hou.-e ex-
pired ; and to turthei investigate whethermipiopci attempts
have been, or are beimrmado, directly or indirectly, hv :inv
person connected with the Executive Departments of this
Government, or by any other person with their advice and
con-sent, to interfere with the action of any metnhei of this
r-Iou^e, upon any question or mca«uic upon winch the
House acted, or which it has undi>r consideiation. with
power to send for persons and papers, and with leave to
repoit at any time, by bill or otherwise.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I rise to make an inquiry
as to what is the question pending before the
House?
The -SPEAKER. The question iy, " Shall the
preamble and resolution be received as a question
of privilege5"
Mr. LAWRENCE. Thpgontleman frnmGoor-
gia, I understand, has renewed the motion to post-
pone. I have something1 to say on that motion.
Mr. WEIGHT, of Georgia. I did renew the
motion to postpone this question for one month.
_ 1 he SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state,
m reference to the question raised a moment ago
by the gentleman from Alabama, that it appears
fiotn the Globe of the 20th of Februajy, which
has been placed in the hands of the Chair, that
the recollection of the gentleman from Alabama is
correct, and that of the Chair incorrect. The re-
port in the Globe shows that the gentleman from
New York did address the House after the ques-
tion was propounded, " Shall the resolution be re-
ceived as a question of privilege r"
Mr. HOARD. Rut there has been a modifica-
tion proposed since that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York himself proposed the modification.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his proposition, and ac-
cept the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio,
and let it be adopted by general consent.
Mr. GROW. Let the investigation be a gen-
eral one, and not confined solely to the particulars
named in the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from New York has not the right
to address the House, having addressed the House
once already on this question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order. The gentleman from New York lias
modified his resolution. The Chair was not in
order in awarding the floor to the gentleman when
the gentleman from Alabama claimed it. The
Chair has since discovered that the gentleman
addressed the House when his resolution was
submitted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit a ques-
tion of order. In the first place it is not the gen-
tleman's resolution that is before us. The question
is whether the resolution is privileged or not,
which is a question submitted by the Speaker and
not by the gentleman. Thegentleman from New-
York has made aspeech on that question, and the
rule provides that no member shall address the
House more than once until every member who
desires to speak shall have spoken on the ques-
tion pending. Secondly, I hold that if the gentle-
man's resolution is before the House he cannot
so modify it as to give himself an opportunity for
j an additional speech or speeches. If he is now
11 entitled to speak under this modification he may
i; speak fifty-nine minutes, make another modifica-
ii tion, claim the floor and speak another fifty-nine
, j minutes, and so on ad infinitum.
•! Mr. LOVEJOY. Has not the Chair decided
'; the question ? If so, and the gentleman is dissat-
'' isfied, let him appeal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The proposition
before the House is identical with the one on
which the gentleman made his former speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
proposition, as now submitted to the House by
the Chair, is different from that submitted before.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I understand the motion
before the House to be a motion to postpone the
whole subject. If that is the motion, is'the gen-
tleman, then, entitled to the floor to make an ar-
gument on the general merits of the case? The
gentleman from Georgia renewed the motion to
postpone, I am sure.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I did renew the
^ motion to postpone the subject for one month.
'I Mi. GROW. It seems that everybody is enti-
! tied to the floor, except the gentleman from New
: York; and the Chair decides that he has the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that unless the gentleman from New York yielded
the floor for that purpose, the gentleman from
' Georgia had no right to move to postpone.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. The gentleman
from Georgia understood at the time that he had
the floor to make the motion. Thegentlemnnfrom
[ New York has been recognized by the Chair since
the motion to postpone was made.
Mr, SAVAGE. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky withdrew the motion to postpone, and the
, gentleman from Georgia renewed it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Then, if the gentleman
from Kentucky had the floor to withdraw the
motion to postpone, certainly the gentleman from
Georgia had the floor to renew it.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
Kentucky made the motion to postpone, he did so
with the permission of the gentleman from New
; York, who yielded the floor for that purpose.
| Mr. HOARD. I feel it due to myself to repeat
i what 1 have stated twice already, 'in the motion
j 1 have submitted I was not actuated by any par-
tisan spirit, or any feeling of unkimlncss to any
