1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
96t
for the position, and refused to appoint him; and
that was the end of it.
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Speaker, I know there
are solitary exceptions. My colleague's recol-
lection goes further back than mine, but I can give
him a fresher instance than the one he has referred
to—an instance where a dominant majority of
tins House retained in office a political opponent.
But such instances are like springs of water in
the desert, to which the traveler resorts when
thirst impels lum to 3eek relief; the general rule
is the other way.
Mr. GIDDINGS. So much the worse.
Mr. NICHOLS. Who expects otherwise ? I
do not, for one, certainly. When my colleague
says so much the worse, I respond heartily to it.
I say, Mr. Speaker, so much the worse. It is
this principle, this disposition to reward the vic-
tors with the spoils, which is doing more to cor-
rupt this Government than anything else which
affects its interests. I have no quarrel with my
friend about that. But the point I make in this
case is this: is there sufficient in the charge itself
to warrant this House, a grave, deliberative body,
in ordering an investigation based upon a news-
paper paragraph, even though my colleague [Mr.
Burns] desires it? I say, for one, that I will act
upon nothing of th.e kind.
But other things have been said here. It is said
• that my honorable colleague was opposed to this
Lecompton measure. In common with others,
sir, I did not anticipate the vote which he saw
proper to give upon the resolution of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Harris.] But far be it
from me to impute to him in that vote a corrupt
exercise of political power upon this floor. I have
no desire or disposition to do it. But I believe
my colleague has since put it upon record that he
did not regard the vote which he cast at that time
as decisive of the course which he should pursue
upon the final question.
Sir, I recognize the right of my colleague to
change his opinion upon any question. Let him
do so. How does he hold his seat here? By a
tenure of power over which we have no control.
He is the responsible Representative of over one
hundred thousand freemen. To them he is re-
sponsible; and, when the final vote shall be taken
upon this question, if the vote of my colleague be
against the sentiments of those he represents, rest
assured—the political history of the past two or
three years is fruitful m suggestions of such things
—restassured thai retribution will follow as surely
as sunshine follows the night. I
Mr. Speaker, I should have had my position
somewhat affected by things which have taken i
place in this discussion to-day, but ior one single |
fact. We have heard it stated by the gentleman ,
from New York, [Mr. Hoard,] that he has been
informed so and so; that certain gentlemen upon
this floor have said that they understood the po-
sition of my colleague to be in favor of the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, against winch ho.
gave his vote the other day. Now, sir, I was un-
able to ascertain the peculiar reason that the gen-
tleman from New York imputed to my colleague
for the change; and I desire to hear it.
Mr. HOARD. I read the paragraph which the
gentleman from Olno [Mr. Burns] declared to be
false from beginning to end; and one 01 the asser-
tions in that paragraph was, that he had been op-
posed to the Lecompton constitution till a certain
day. On instituting the inquiry which the gen-
tleman from Ohio desired me to make, 1 learned
from three gentlemen with whom I talked, that
that particular part of the statement was not false.
Mr. NICHOLS. True, Mr. Speaker; 1 can
very well understand that. But it seems to me
that we are fighting about terms. True, my col-
league pronounced the whole of tne statement
false; but I ask any honorable and reasonable gen-
tleman if that statement, made in the midst of ex-
citement, cannot apply and would not apply, it
not solely and exclusively, almost exclusively to
the corrupt imputation containedin the paragraph.
Now, it matters not to me whether the gentleman
was against Lecompton, or is so at this time,
take it upon my own personal responsibility to
brand a portion of the charge on which this in ves-
tigation is asked, as untrue. 1 find no man here
sayino- anything against my colleague, except that
he at one time entertained anti-Lecompton senti-
ments. Now, what next? Istnere a responsible
name to the charge implicating liiui with any cor-
ruption; or is it settled to this House that my col-
league has changed his sentiments on this question
at all ? No, sir.
Now, sir, order an investigation; and what
have you to inquire into? Take the proposition
of the gentleman from New York, and pass it on
common fame, on common rumor! " Common
Rumor!" Where is she ? Sitting in your report-
ers' gallery; squatting like a toad under your
desks; lurking about this Hall to catch an un-
guarded word of a gentleman, and to spread it in
the shape of a newspaper paragraph, and send it,
like.a deadly poison, throughout the land, blast-
ing the reputation of honorable men. Common
fame! What is not common fame doing for the
country now? Why, it is maligning the fairest
fame, and striking down the fairest reputation, as
it exalts the worst.
1 have spoken of the proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York. Now to the proposition
of my colleague. He, after some days and weeks
of deliberation and'of conversation with members,
has allowed himself to be persuaded that an in-
vestigation is necessary to relieve his character
from the imputation. And he now comes before
the House with a proposition for an investigation.
I shall vote against it: and why ? Because it re-
cites the very paragraph on which the resolution
of the gentleman from New York is based. And
what does it propose ? That a committee shall
yiquire whether the President of the United States
and my colleague ever had any corrupt collusion,
or whether the President has ever promised to
make him any reward for a certain course which
he was to pursue, for a vote which he was to give
on a pending question—a question notyet determ-
ined. Now, I imagine that 1 see that committee
going to work. What witnesses will it call ? My
honorable colleague. Who rises in his place and
j savs, on his responsibility as a member, that the
I charge is not true ? The President of the United
' StatesWill it call him and ask him: " Did you, j
Mr. President, ever promise the gentleman from :
Ohio to appoint him marshal of the northern dis- j
trict of Ohio, or to give him any other selection ?
or did you hold out to him any hope of reward
for his pursuing a certain course on the Lecomp-
ton question?" What do you imagine would
the answer be ? "Where else will the committee
go for proof? What will come of the investiga-
tion, except the general conclusions of the com-
mittee as to the exercise of executive power, and
the impropriety of employing it to carry political
questions, or affect the legislation of the country.
Can you effect anything more ? I say, Mr. Speak-
er, that this investigation will be an anomaly in
our Government; an anomaly because resting only
on common fame; an anomaly because the pe-
culiar mode of investigation pointed out by my
colleague is a very incongruous and singular thing.
I will go as far as the furthest in limiting ex-
ecutive patronage and power. That is the proper
direction to give to the matter; and if gentlemen
are disposed to employ their time that way, 1 am
willm" to join with them. Now, on my own re-
sponsibility, I move to lay the whole subject on
the table.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw that motion.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania well understands that I would extend to
lum any courtesy that I would extend to any
member of this House. But I will not withdraw
this motion to accommodate any one.
Mr. GROW. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I appeal to my colleague
to withdraw his motion.
Mr. NICHOLS declined to withdraw it.
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers on the yeas and
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it would
be right to have a call.of the House; and I make
that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to vote
understanding^ upon this subject. This reso-
lution has not been received by the House, and I
wish to know whether the question is upon lay-
ing on the table the question on receiving the res-
olution, or upon laying on the table the resolution
1 tS6If ^
The SPEAKER. The question presented to
the House was, " Shall the resolution be received
and entertained upon the ground that the privi-
leges of the House are involved?" The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] moves to lay thatques-
tion on the table.
Mr. LAWRENCE. If my colleague, who
made that motion, were in the Hall, I should ap-
j peal to him as a personal favor, to my colleague
j behind me, [Mr. Burns,] to withdraw his motion.
1 The country will not understand the matter if this
question is laid on the table, as the House under-
stands it.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to know if the ques-
tion of privilege is not disposed of by the applica-
tion of my colleague [Mr. Burns] foracommittee?
I suppose there is no question as to the privilege
if he demands an investigation.
The SPEAKER. That is the very question
! the House is to determine by its vote upon the
1 motion to lay on the table.
| Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope the House will,
! injustice to my colleague, vote down the motion
I to lay on the table.
I The question was taken; and it was decided in
| the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
: Avciy. Barksdale, Bishop, Bowie, Boyce, Bryan, Barnctt,
! Caskie, Chapman, John B. Claik, Clay, Cobb, Cox, James
i Craig, Crawford, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
'! Mississippi, Dcwart, Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, Faulkner,
I Florence, Pole}, Garlrell. Goode, Gieenwood, Gregg, Hill,
i Hopkins. Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewctt, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones,
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, Leidy, Letcher, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miller, Moore, Niblack,
Nichols, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, tiuitinan. Ready,
Reagan, Reilly, Kuflin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales,
Scott, Scaring, Peward, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Stallworth,Stephens, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Ward,
Warren, Watkms, Wlute, Whiteley, Woodson, Worten-
dvke. Augustus It. Wright, and John V. Wright—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, BiUingliurst,
Bm"ham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Bufflnton,Burlingame, Bur-
roughs, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Coekenll, Colfax, Co-
mms, Covode, Cragm,Cuitis, Damrell, Dawes, Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Pamsworth, Fenton, Foster, Giddings,Gilman, Gil-
mer, Gooeli, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Har-
lan, Jiaskm, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, Ilorton, Howaid,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Lawrence, Leach, Leiter, Love-
ioy, Millson, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Oliu, Parkei, Pendleton, Pettit, Pike, Totter Pot-
tle, Purviancp, Ritchie, Robbins,Roberts, Royce, John Sher-
man, JudsonW. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Vt albndge,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and Israel
Washburn
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hall, of
Massachusetts, and Millson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
ayes forty-six, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to know whether
my colleague [Mr. Burns] desires to have it laid
on the table, or not; and 1 will vote just as he
^Mk' BURNS. I want the investigation, of
! C°Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move a call of the House .'
So the question, " Shall the resolution be re-
ceived and entertained on the ground that the
privileges of the House are involved?" was laid
on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by J. Buchanan
Henry, his Private Secretary.
CORRECTION OP THE JOURNAL.
Mr. STANTON stated that he was reported
in the Globe as having voted in the affirmative
on the bill relating to the Navy. If he was so re-
corded in the Journal, he desired it to be corrected.
He voted in the negative.
The Journal was accordingly corrected.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in
order was the consideration of the special order
for the day, it being the consideration of the bill
of the House (No. 313) to provide for a tempo-
rarv increase of the Army of the United States.
Mr QUITMAN. If I could, without an ap-
parent neglect of duty, postpone my remarks to
a day of better health, I would do so cheerfully.
But, sir, under every disadvantage, I feel myself
bound to press the consideration of this bill to-
day, and I shall make a few explanatory remarks
upon the bill now before the House.
