970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
Without any further preface, I proceed at once
to state that the President of the United States, in
his annual message delivered to this House some
months ago, has given us information of a state
of things in the condition of the country which
requires, in his opinion, an additional military
force. To that, Mr. Speaker, it is due, in the reg-
ular discharge of our duties, to make some re-
sponse. The Presidenthas further, in giving that
information, informed us of all the circumstances
which render it necessary that we should act upon
lus recommendation before the spring campaign,
if we desire to conform to his wishes and opinions
upon the subject.
* Now, Mr. Speaker, it is the constitutional right
of the Presidentof the United States, not to raise
armies, but simply to actas Commander-in-Chief
of those armies when raised. The constitutional
right to raise armies belongs exclusively to Con-
gress. It is our constitutional power, and ours
alone, and also to prescribe the regulations by
which they shall be governed. The Presidentof
the United States can only recommend to Con-
gress, and present considerations showing the
propriety of adding to, changing, or improving
the military establishment of the United States.
His right consists alone in being Commander-in-
Chief of those armies after they are raised, and
their regulations prescribed, byauthority of Con-
gress. The general delegation of power by the
Constitution shows what arc his duties, and what
powers are excluded from the President. Section
eight of the first article of the Constitution of the
United States gives to Congress power " to raise
and support armies, to make rules for the gov-
ernment and regulation of the land and naval
forces, and to provide for calling forth the militia
to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insur-
rections and repel invasions."
Now, the Presidentof the United States has
no power to call out the militia, except in pursu-
ance of the rules and regulations laid down by
the Congress of the United States. He has no
authority to call out volunteers unless authorized
by the Congress of the United States. It is con-
sequently the duty of the President and other
executive officers of the Government, when, in
looking abroad, they find the condition of the
country to require an additional force, to present
the facts to Congress; and then for Congress to
say what shall be the character of that force, and
for how long a period it shall be mustered into
service. Congress has also to say what shall be
the rules and regulations by which that force
shall be governed. It is the duty of the Execu-
tive to present these matters to Congress. It is
our duty to act upon that presentation; and espe-
cially is it our duty, when there exists such a state
of facts as is now presented, to give him a prompt
answer; because, whatever opinions may exist as
to the propriety of the military operations of the
country, now that they have been entered upon,
they should be sustained by an adequate force.
Well n-ow, Mr. Speaker, there are two or three
modes m which Congress can raise armies—can
create a military force, if they deem it proper that
such foice shall be authorized. The first is, by
increasing the regular military forces which are
generally known as the regulars. Secondly, by
calling out the militia—the great armed force of
the country—the great, mighty power of the citi-
zens. required by the Constitution to be always
embodied and armed, subject to be called into the
service of the United States in cases of great emer-
gencies when necessary, under the peculiar limits
of power conferred by the Constitution. The
third mode of raising an army is to call out vol-
unteers—a force which, when used under proper
regulations, is as effective as any that can be called
into the field.
I now desire to make a few very brief remarks
upon the seveial descriptions of force which may
thus be called out. In the first place, I state, as
every man will admit, that a regular military
power of some kind is necessary for every Gov-
ernment. The idea which sometimes exists
among philosophers, that moral force alone can
sustain government, is Utopian. There must be
somewhere an armed force subject to the control
and intended for the support of every Govern-
ment. Where the military establishment is in-
tended to be permanent, where it constitutes an
indispensable defense, there, I admit, it should be
composed of regulars. Such an establishment
may also be regarded as indispensable to preserve
an accurate knowledge of the military science and
piactice essential to a successful prosecution of
war.
But, sir, it should in no case exceed that which
is demanded as the permanent policy of the coun-
try in conducting its military affairs. I was one
. of those, Mr. Speaker, who believed that, in con-
I sequence of the largely-extended lines of our In-
| dian frontier, and'the probability that disturb-
' ances from this cause would continue for a long
• time, we might with propriety make some increase
i to the regular Army. When, however, the ser-
! vice demanded is temporary, it is not necessary,
I perhaps improper, to increase the regular estab-
! lishment.
\ I will turn now to the question of the employ-
: merit of militia for the service proposed in the
I communication of the President. Theactofl795
I still controls the President's action in respect to
' the calling out of the militia. It is extremely re-
■ strictive in its terms; and to show that it does not
I provide for the present case, I will read from it:
i " That whenever the United States shall he mvaded, or
; be m imminent danger of invasion, from any foreign yation
; or Indian tribe, n shall be lawful for the President of the
' United States to call forth such number of the militia of the
j State or States, most convenient to the place of danger, or
' scene of action, as he may judge necessary to repel such
invasion, and to lesue his ordcis, for that purpose, to such
officer oi officers of the militia'as he shall think proper.
And in case of an insurrection in any State, against the
government thereof, it shall be lawful for the President oP
the United States, ori application of the Legislature of tuch
State, or of the Executive, (when the Legislative cannot
be convened.) toeailfoith such number of the militia of any
other State or States, as may be applied for, as he may judge
sufficient to puppies? such insurrection.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That whenever the
laws of the •United States shall be opposed, or the execu-
tion thereof obatiucted, m any State, by combinations too
poweiful to lie suppie^cd bythe oidinaiy course of judicial
proceedings, or bv the povveis vested in the marshals by this
act. it r-hafl be lawful tor the Picsident of the United States
to call forth the militia of such State, or of any other State
or States, as may be necessary to suppress such combina-
tions, and to cause the laws to be duly executed; and the
use of mtli.ua so to be called forth may be continued, if ne-
cessary, until the expiration of thnty days after ihe com-
mencement of the then next session of Congress."
The President, under the Constitution of the
; United States, is Commander-inChiefof the Army
j and Navy: but he is Commander-in-Chief of the
I militia only when they arc called into service.
: And, sir, they are to be called into service only
j in case the United States shall be invaded, or in
| imminent danger of invasion from any foreign na-
j tion or Indian tribe, in case of an insurrection in
! any State against the government thereof, and in
• case the laws of the United States shall be op-
\ posed or the execution thereof obstructed in any
; State by combinations too powerful to be sup-
! pressed by the ordinary course. The law further
| says:
! u Sec 4. And be it further enactcd, That the militia em-
I ployed m the service of the United States shall be subject
i to the -amo rule* and at tides of war as the tioops of the
I United States And that no officer, non-commissioned of-
! fieer, or puvate, of the militia, «hall be compelled to serve
; more than tlnee months after his arrival at the place of
| lendczvous, in any one year, nor more than m due rotation
| with every othei able-bodied man of the same rank in the
I battalion to which he belongs."
! Now, Mr. Speaker, will the power conferred
i by this act answer the purposes of the present
i emergency? In Utah there is a rebellious spirit
j which opposes the Federal officers in taking pos-
j session of their offices m order that they may dis-
! charge their lawful duties. The President desires
i that an adequate and efficient force shall accom-
! pany these officers. For this purpose he cannot
! call out the militia. They can only be called out
| for three months; and they would, if callcd out,
j be entitled to their discharge before they arrived
! on the field of active service.
Much has been said, in other places, about the
! greatexpenseofthe voluntcerand militia systems.
| 1 admit that this applies to the militia system; but
1 I will presently endeavor to show that it does not
! apply to the volunteer system. It applies to the
I millaa system, for the simple reason that the Pres-
j ident of the United States can only call them into
I the service for three months, in which the short
period of service, Outfit, and expense of calling
them out, would swell the cost to that of more
than one year's service. And besides that, they
must be called out as found organized in the States.
You do not get picked men, not volunteers, not
ofKceis selected for the occasion, who have come
forward ready to °:erve in the emergency; but you
musttake them as they are organized in the States,
under officers selected in time of peace and when
there was no expectation of war. I acknowledge
that the expenses of the pure militia system are
much greater than those of any other system.
But, even if that were not so, and you were dis-
posed to give the President power to call out the
militia, it is utterly impracticable to do so under
the law which governs the President in calling
them out. We cannot, therefore, refer him to the
| militia of the country. Important as that service
| is, under every republican system, it was not in-
tended for emergencies of this kind.
S Having shown that it is unwise and impolitic
; to increase the regular Army for temporary pur-
j poses, I might say further, that it has been our
! policy, and is the policy of all nations that have
i a regular permanent military establishment, to
• preserve it in its skeleton form; and if we were
! to fill up that skeleton now, we should be obliged
i to adopt some other system in case of a war with
; some great Power. I believe, therefore, that the
t system of increasing the permanent military es-
! tablishment of the country—the regular service—
I ought not to be resorted to for temporary objects,
' when it is anticipated that at the close of the cam-
! paign we shall be able to dispense with any extra
force and return to our present limited establish-
I ment.
j I come now, Mr. Speaker, to examine what is
j the proper mode of putting in the possession and
' under the control of the President a sufficient force
to carry out what I see, and what every man
must see, to be necessary, whether he approves
or disapproves of the couise of the Administra-
tion or of the War Department—whether he con-
siders the Utah expedition as well and skillful-
ly planned, or faulty as a military enterprise.
Whatever we may think of these things, I feel
confident that every member of this House will
at once see that the exigencies of the country re-
quire us to placc at the disposal of the President
some kind of military force. It would be a dis-
grace to the whole country to leave Colonel John-
ston and his men unsupported at a distance from
the settled portions of the country. How, then,
arc we to furnish the President with the addi-
tional force that is demanded? Why, sir, there
is but one mode, and I am proud to say that it is
one which is peculiar to the people of our coun-
try, and which has ever proved itself to be effect-
ive—I mean a resort to the volunteer system.
When the first bugle sounded on the breaking
out of the Mexican war, when the people of this
country were looking with intense interest to
General Taylor's position on the Rio Grande,
there sprang up at once, upon the first call of the
President, three hundred thousand men from all
portions of the country, ready to volunteer and
to incur the perils of an unhealthy climate, as
well as the hazards of war upon the battle-field.
Now, sir, great men may sometimes mistake
the genius and character of our people. I rec-
ollect very well having spoken once to Mr. Cal-
houn upon the subject of a speech delivered by
him just prior to the breaking out of the Mexican
war, in which he said that he thought it would be
extremely difficultfor Congress to raise the neces-
sary force to prosecute the war. Even his great
mind did not comprehend the adventurous mil-
itary spirit of the people, nor imagine that upon
the first call of the President, ten times the num-
ber of men needed would volunteer for that war.
Such a thing is unknown m other countries. It
shows, in the first place, the devotion of freemen
to the honor and the institutions of their country.
It shows, further, what has been noted by politi-
cal philosophers, that republican institutions are
best calculated to nourish the military spirit of a
people. While Rome was a Republic, she was
invincible. While the States of Gieece were Re-
publics, they, too, were invincible against all
Powers, and against oil odds. A republican form
of government nourishes that military spirit
which, I trust, wiil ever exist in our own country.
It exists here to nn extent never known before in
any country in the world. We have here this pe-
culiar system; why should we not avail ourselves
of it? Who doubts now that the President, on
his requisition, could get ten times the number
of regiments this bill authorizes him to employ in
the service of the United States ?
But, Mr. Speaker, it is said by some that vol-
unteers aie an inforioi description of militai y force.
