1858.
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Let us examine this charge for- a moment. Where
do you enlist your regular troops? The statistics
show that enlistment is entirely carried on in your
great cities. Is it possible that you can there get
a class of people for your Army equal to the class
of volunteers? The volunteer presents himself
from a spirit of military pride. Fie seeks to gam
a reputation in arms He is ambitious; and looks
for an opportunity to elevate himself. He is ac-
tuated by a high ambition to distinguish himself.
Cdii you tell me, then, that ilie recruit from your
large cities,and the volunteer,arc equal? Compare
their intelligence, then-spirit—that spirit that im-
pels a man forward in battle; compare their in-
nate courage; compare their knowledge of the use
of arms; and who will not, after such a compari-
son, decide in favor of the material from which is
composed the volunteer force of the country ? I
hold in my hand a paper showing the number of
men enlisted in the year ending July, 1857. Out
of 5,420 m6n enlisted in that year, there were en-
listed in New York city, of infantry, 049; and of
mounted men, 295. In Boston, of infantry, 294;
of mounted men, 175. In Philadelphia, of in-
fantry, 633; of mounted men, 156. In Buffalo,
172 infantry. In Baltimore, 126 infantry, and 95
mounted men. This will make 1,876 infantry,
and of mounted men, 721; summing up m all to
2,597, raised in the large cities to which I have
referred.
This table shows whence the men composing
your regular Army are drawn. They are nearly
all drawn from the great cities. I am aware, sir,
that there is not the same difference between the
relative efficiency of military corps, as such, that
may be observed between the individuals compos-
ing such military bodies, because, in the action
of masses of men, discipline constitutes an ele-
ment of their efficiency; but show me what reason
is there why volunteer troops should not, and do
not act in largo masses as well as regular troops?
The very fact that the volunteer wiil not enlist,
but will cheerfully volunteer, shows the spirit that
animates him, and the object and purpose under
which he acts. There is another objection, how-
ever, made to volunteers, and that is that they
are much more expensive than regular troops;
and estimates have been presented from the Ad-
jutant General's department to show that the
volunteer force is much more expensive than the
regular. In fact it has been reported that the ex-
pense of the volunteers called out m J846, under
Mr. Polk's administration, was six times as great
as that of the regular troops. 1 have slightly ex-
amined the data on which these estimates are all
founded, and while I have not time to dissect
them fully, I have seen enough to convince me,
that the system of calculation pursued in the
matter is wrong, and the deductions not borne out
by the facts. How could it be otherwise ? The
volunteer receives the same pay, receives precisely
the same rations as the regular soldier—-no more.
His expense, when he once gets actually into ser-
vice, is not one particle greater. He js paid through
the regular administration officers of the United
States. From the time he is received into the ser-
vice, therefore, his expense is precisely the same
as that of the regular soldier.
How does it happen, then, that the calculations
referred to should make out this vast difference
in the cost of the two systems? There arc gen-
tlemen around me who are conversant with mil-
itary affairs. There are four or five gentlemen
here present in my eye who have been in the ser-
vice as commanders of regiments, both as volun-
teers and afterwards as regulars. And I will ask
all of them whether they are acquainted with any
facts which would justify the conclusion to which
these singular and obscure reports have come as
to the great difference between the cost of volun-
teer and regular troops ? While I do not feel dis-
posed to attribute to the authors of these reports
a disposition to disparage volunteer soldiers, i find
the calculations all against them. For instance,
they have based their calculations on three-
months5 men—taking the volunteers and militia
together; and then compared the mounted militia
man, or the mounted volunteer, with the regular
infantry. Is that fair? I believe that the differ-
ence between the expense of an infantry regiment
and that of a cavalry regiment is as one to five or
six. In other words, a cavalry regiment costs
five times as much to support it asdoes an infan- j|
try regiment. Why, thcn,coinj>aic th<- mounted
volunteer with the regular infantry-man? Why
not compare mounted volunteer regiments with
the regular dragoon regiments? I repeat, that I do 1
not attribute to the War Department, or its offi-
cers, any intention of misrepresenting this thing
to the country; but there exists in all professions
some disposition to disparage those who have not
reached their science or art by the regular chan-
nels. I doubt not these calculations can be shown
to be wrong, and that the expense of the volun-
teer does not, in fact, exceed the expense of the
regular soldier, except wheie the former is called
into service for only a very short period of time.
It cannot be fair to compare the expense of three-
months' men with that of the regular troops who
have been enlisted for years.
Now, in the bill which I have before me, re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs, we
propose to give the President authority to accept
the services of an efficient military force, to be
raised, not for three, but for eighteen months.
And with the material which exists in the coun-
try—that which was left from the Mexican war,
officers and privates—I will predict that the regi-
ments, if called out by the President of the United
States, will be as well officered, and the ranks as
well filled, if not better, than by any other mode.
But, sir, there is another objection, to which I will
briefly allude, made to the use of volunteers or
militia, which is, that they suffer more from sick-
ncss. and are therefore more expensive. The fact
that during the Mexican war, in every instance,
the first six months'service has been a period of
more sickness than any subsequent one, among
the volunteers, as brought out in the report of the j
surgeon general, is an illustration—a fact which,
in my opinion, if properly understood, proves
nothing. It is not to be denied that the first six
months' service of our volunteers during that war
wis one in which they suffered especially from
sickness; but that may be satisfactorily accounted
for in the fact that the great body of them were
left in the unhealthy and miasmatic climate of the j
valley of the Rio Grande, inactive and dispirited, I
while the regular troops were carried forward to
participate in the excitement and glory of the
campaign in a hilly and mountainous country.
I had the honor to be selected to command a
brigade of volunteers on that occasion. I remem-
ber well that while the men were left in the low
lands of the Rio Grande, much disease prevailed;
and even when the march to Monterey commenced,
many of them fell sick on the march, and had to
be carried in wagons until, at last, so large a num-
ber had contracted disease from their halt in the
valley of the Rto Grande that it became necessary
to make room for them in the wagons by throw-
ing away our tent poles and other bulky articles.
But no sooner had we ascended into a mount-
ainous country, and excitement increased, than i
the soldiers began rapidly to recover; and when !
the first gun on ourapproaeh to Monterey boomed j
in the distance, scarcely a man was to be foutfd in j
the wagons, but all hastened with life and alac-1
rity to buckle on their equipments, seize their !
rifles or muskets, and fall into the ranks. After [
the battle of Monterey scarce a man was reported
on the sick list from disease. It was the long
detention of so large a body of volunteers in the
fatal climate of the Rio Grande that was the cause
of so much sickness of the volunteers. Tn such
a climate, measles, and other diseases which are
considered very light at home, become m the j
Army epidemics of the most fatal character. lam 1
ready to admit that during the first few months of i,
service, volunteers are more subject to disease ;■
than are regulars generally; but I question wheth- 1
er the period spoken of furnishes a proper com- ,j
parison between the condition of the volunteer j,
and regular forces m the Mexican war. Most ;,
of the volunteer force, amounting to, I believe, j
about twenty-five thousand men, were left on the |
Rio Grande, while the regulars wore, without any j|
exception, marched forward immediately to Mon- j
terev. The volunteer force carried forward con- >\
sisted of a thousand men who were under my ;
command, and another thousand men under the |
command of Geneial Harnar. < . i
But, Mr. Speaker, there are other objections ,
which are sometimes made to the volunteer sys-
tern. I would gladly relieve myself from making |
any comparisons if they had not already, as I
think very injudiciously, been made by others. ,
I think they are very injurious to both arms of
j the service. I know from personal experience,
j having commanded both volunteer and regular
forces, that a mixture of the two descriptions of
troops makes the most formidable force in-..thc
world. You have that systematic science which
exists in the Army, together with that implicit
obedience that exists in the ranks, mixed with
that intelligence which is picked up from civil life,
with that ambition, spirit, and life which are in-
fused into the regular Army by this conjunction
with volunteers. You have that bold standard of
courage which, being infused through the whole
Army, made our force in Mexico such as the world
has rarely seen—^he army that under the gallant
Taylor went forward and achieved victories from
Palo Alto to Buena Vista, and that army which
marched under the banner of Scott from Vera
Cruz and fixed the standard of our country upon
the imperial halls of the Montezumas, and per-
formed military exploits which in the history of
the world have rarely been equaled and never sur-
passed.
And why was it ? It was because in that army
were infused and mingled together system and
high military science, with that genius and cour-
age of which our country has so much to boast.
Why, sir, the country hoy volunteers for the
field, knowing that if a blot or stain falls upon his
character as a man of courage or honor, he dare
never go home. Even the girls would never
permit him to associate with them. He knows,
therefore, that death is far better than the disgrace
which will fall upon him if he should show the
white feather. I see around me comrades who
can bear me witness that these volunteers went
into the service knowing that defeat would bring
disgrace upon them and the country. This, then,
is the spirit which pervaded the Army, connected
with the science and steadfastness of the regular
troops,and this it was that gave the results brought
about by the different campaigns. I therefore
deprecate that there has ever been introduced into
these Halls comparisons, unjust comparisons, be-
tween the two. I am a friend of both. I am dis-
posed to do justice to both, and I would not have
said one word in disparagement of either, or even
to introduce a comparison, but for the remarks
which have elsewhere been made upon the sub-
ject.
It is said that the volunteers are more wasteful.
It may be where they have property under their
control; but during the whole war, after the vol-
unteers were called out, the administrative depart-
ment of the army was generally administered by
regular officers. I will ask my friends who were
m the Mexican war, whether the good things
which camc to the commissary's and quartermas-
ter's department were more accessible to the vol-
unteer than to the regular soldier ? I ask them
whether the volunteers hod not even more diffi-
culty in obtaining medical stores? There was,
then, no opportunity afforded for waste. The
stores were dealt out by the administrative offi-
cers of the army, and no men watched the prop-
erty of the Government with more fidelity than
they did.
It is said that the volunteers arc inadequate for
the service. 1 regret that I have to notice certain
charges in the speech of an honorable Senator.
He certainly was m error when he stated that the
Tennessee regiments fled on the first firo at Cerro
Gordo. The strongest position attacked was that
against which the troops under General Pillow
were marched. It was a position which the Mex-
icans had prepared for defense, to prevent our
troops turning any portion of their works. They
were better prepared for defense there than at any
other part of the field. The underbrush had been
cut down for three or four hundred yards in front
, of their batteries; and the obstructions which were
occasioned by the trunks and limbs of trees which
had been felled, were left on the ground to impede
the advance of an assailant. No troops on earth
could have reached those batteries, unless with a
loss of more than three fourths of their foice.
For such a failure, I do not think that volun-
teers, or any other troops, should be held respons-
ible. I was an eye-witness, on another field, of
the efficiency, steadiness,and gallantry of volun-
teers. The gallant Mississippi and first Tennes-
see regiments, under Colonel Jefferson Davis and
Colonel Campbell, marched for two miles undt r
an unceasing fire, and carried the woiks upon the
cast side of the city of Monterey, from which—
