1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
®7H
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 5, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. P. D. Gurlet, 1). D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the call of the Committee of Claims
for reports in reference to business from the Court
of Claims.
Mr. BLISS. Before the House proceeds to the
regular order, I ask permission to introduce a bill
for reference. The subject-matter of the bill has
been already referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, namely, the reorganization of the Supreme
Court. It was referred, I believe, in the shape of
a portion of the message of the President of the
United States, on the motion of my colleague,
[Mr. Stanton.] I have drawn a bill expressing
my views on the subject, and I desire to have it
referred to the same committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I object. I think it is a great
deal better to pursue the regular order of business.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to calling the States for bills and resolu-
tions. *
ISAAC S. SMITH.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Isaac S.
Smith, of Syracuse, in the State of New York;
which was read a first and second time, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
ANNE DUDLEY.
On motion of Mr. MILES, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
from the farther consideration of the memorial of Anne Dud-
ley, keeper of the light-house at St. Marks, Florida, and that
it be laid on the table.
JOHN DAVIS.
Mr. COBB. I am instructed by the Committee
on Public Lands to report a bill recognizing the
assignment of land warrant No. 35,956, issued to
John Davis, as valid. It is a very small matter,
but to the poor man for whose benefit it is, it is
of importance. The land warrant in question was
issued to John Davis. He died, and the admin-
istrator proceeded to dispose of it under the act
of the Legislature of Alabama which treats land
warrants as personal property. The adminis-
trator proceeded to wind up the estate, sold the
warrant, and got the pay for it, to the full amount
of the value of the land. Afterwards, it was dis-
covered that, by the decision of the Land Office,
land warrants are regarded as real estate, and the
title of the party purchasing the land is not recog-
nized.
Mr. BLISS. Is this in order ? The rules were
applied to me strictly this morning, and I object.
Mr. COBB. Well, sir, I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report a bill, rec-
ognizing the assignment of land warrant No.
35,956, issued to John Davis, as valid.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. COBB. Now, sir, I hope the House will
pass this little bill. I have stated all the facts in
relation to it.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman if there is a report in this case ?
Mr. COBB. Here is the bill, and I have stated
the facts.
Mr. MORGAN. I want something more than
that. . ,
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to a question of order.
I ask whether it is in order in calling committees
for reports on private bill day to put bills on their
passage as they are reported ? _ _
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is—bills
of a private nature.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I was under the impression
that on private bill day the rules provided that the
bills reported from committees should be referred
and not put on their passage. I do not remem-
ber any particular construction on this point; but
that has been the practice of the House. _
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that when a bill of a private nature is reported
from a committee, it stands upon the same foot-
ing as bills reported from committees on any other
day. The restriction of the rule only requires that
the bills reported shall be of a private nature.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Does that rule apply on ob-
jection day}
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it does.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Alabama that he should
amend the bill, so as to specify under what act
this forty-acre warrant was issued. Warrants
of the same number, I presume, have been issued
under other acts.
Mr. COBB. I am not very particular about
this bill. I submitted it to the Commissioner of
Public Lands, ant! he said it was satisfactory. If
there is any objection to it, send it back, and let
me put it in my drawer; and let the poor man
suffer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion to the bill; but it should state under what law
the warrant was issued. The warrant shows un-
der what act it was issued, ind let that be inserted
in the bill.'
Mr. COBB. Well, here is the warrant.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, then, why
not amend it, as 1 have suggested ?
Mr. COBB. Very well; I will accept the
amendment of the-gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the gentleman from Alabama cannot accept an
amendment, the bill being a report from a com-
mittee. A vote of the House must be taken upon
it.
Mr. MORGAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Alabama if there is not now before
the Committee on Public Lands a general bill,
which covers this very case? As I understand
it, there are a large number of cases of this kind.
Mr. COBB. No, sir. There is a bill before
the Committee on Public Lands, proposing to lec-
ognize land warrants that have been issued upon
application by parties who have applied at the
Land Office, but who have died before the action
of the Land Office upon them. Under the present
law such warrants are worthless. We propose to
report a bill recognizing the validity of such war-
rants, and that they shall descend to the heirs of
the applicant. But, sir, this is not a case of that
kind; this was issued and in the possession of the
party before he died; it was administered upon as
his property, and the money distributed among
the heirs. But they now And that the Land (Jffice
does not recognize land warrants as personal prop-
erty. That is the whole of it. If you send it back
to Alabama it costs thirty-eight dollars to get a
leo-al transfer; that is all of it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If I can get the ear of the
House I desire to say, that I have no knowledge
of this bill; I presume it to be as meritorious as
the gentleman from Alabama states it to be. I
presume it is as meritorious as a hundred others
reported months ago, andplaced upon the Private
Calendar, and I therefore rise to move that this bill
be referred to a Committee of the Whole House
and placed upon the Private Calendar. I object to
this bill taking precedure of others which have
been on the Calendar for months.
Mr. COBB. I am sure, if it is the pleasure of
the House to refer this little bill to a Committee
of the Whole House, 1 have no objection.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object to it further, be-
cause it has been the practice of the House to refer
bills reported on private bill days.
Mr. COBB. Well, just let it go.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Alabama that the gentleman
from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB. I do not know how the gentleman
from Ohio could be entitled to the (!oor. I had not
yielded the floor, and I do not know how the Chair
could have inferred that I had, unless it is from
my slow way of speaking.
The SPEAKER. That may have misled the
Chair. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. Well, sir, I move to put the bill
on its passage; and I have nothing further to
say. . ,
The bill "was referred to a Committee ot trie
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, asked leave to
make a report from the Committee of Claims, he
having been absent in the committee room when
that committee was called.
Mr. LE1TER objected.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I wish to make a
single remark. I do not propose to interrupt the
proceedings of the House at this time by a speech;
but, sir, on yesterday 
Mr. PHELPS. What is before the House ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Iasktheunanimous
consent of the House to make a personal expla-
nation.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL,of Illinois. WhentheCom-
mittee of Claims -was called it was in session in
its committee room on the business of the House.
They have several reports to make, and 1 ask that
they be allowed to make them now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Loui-
siana made the same request, and it was objected
to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. We make the
request only to facilitate the business of the House.
It is a matter of no interest to the members of the
committee individually.
There was no objection to the reception of re-
ports from the Committee of Claims.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported adversely upon the fol-
lowing petitions; which were laid upon the table,
and the reports ordered to be printed:
The petitions and papers of Cole & Barr; and
The petition of the heirs of Michael John-
son.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back a bill (C. C. No.
44) for the relief of James Smith, of the county
of Clermont, State of Ohio, with the recommend-
ation that it be rejected; which was referred to a
Committee ofthe'Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAYLOR, also, from the same committee,
made a similar report on the following Court of
Claims bills; which were referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Lucinda Robinson, of
Orleans county, Vermont;
A bill for the relief of Hannah Weaver, of
Wayne county, Pennsylvania;
A bill for the relief of Ann Clark, of Madison
county, Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of Mary Burt, of Scioto
county, Ohio;
A bill for the relief of Esther Stevens, of Van
Buren county, Michigan;
A bill for the relief of Mercy Armstrong, of
Gloucester county, Rhode Islawd;
A bill for the relief of Nancy Madison, of Fair-
field county, Ohio;
A bill for the relief of Anna Parrot, of Clinton
county, Ohio;
A bill for the relief of Margaret Taylor, of Put-
nam county, Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of Lavinia Tipton, of White
county, Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of Lucretia Wilcox, of
Wayne county, Michigan;
A bill for the relief of Mary Robbins, of West-
moreland county, Pennsylvania;
A bill for the relief of Tcmpy Connelly, of
Johnson county, Kentucky;
A bill for the relief of Rosamond Robinson, of
Belknap county, New Hampshire;
A bill for the relief of Melmda Durkee, of the
State of Georgia;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Weed, of Albany
i county, New York;
I A bill for the relief of Mary Pierce, of Cort-
j landt county, New York;
A bill for the relief of Ann B. Johnson, of Hen-
I rico county, Virginia; .
! A bill for the relief of Hannah Menzies, of the
! State of Kentucky;
II A bill for the relief of Rebecca P. Nourse, of
I the State of Kentucky;
! A bill for the relief of Anna Hill, of Monroe
! county, New York;
| A bill for the relief of Polly Booth, of Madison
county, New York;
A billforthe relief of Sarah Eaton, of Worces-
ter county, Massachusetts;
A bill for the relief of Temperance Childress,
bifl for'the relief of Elizabeth King, ofVir-
felA.abill for the relief of Elizabeth Morgan, of
Rensselaer county, New York;
