974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
A bill for the relief* of Phebe Polly, of Otsego
county, New York;
A bill for the relief of Nancy Ittig, of Herki-
mer county, New York;
A bill for the relief of Mary Ann Hooper, of
Virginia;
A bill for the relief of Almira Reniff, of Penn-
sylvania;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Loomis, of New
London county, Connecticut;
A bill for the relief of Mary Grant, of South
Carolina;
A bill for the relief of Jane Martin, of Harrison
county, Virginia; and
A bill for the relief of Lydia Clapp.
Mr, DAVIDSON, from the Committee of
Claims, submitted a minority report on the ad-
verse reports just made; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by which, the adverse reports from the
Committee of Claims were referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HORACE S. CAMPBELL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee of
Claims, submitted an adverse report in the case
of Horace S. Campbell; which was laid upon the
table, andthe report ordered to be printed.
BENJAMIN SAYRE.
Mr. GOODWIN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin Sayre;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
PANAMA RAILROAD COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. KELLY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means bo
dis-chcugod from the further consideration of the memorial
of the presidentand directors of the Panama Railroad Com-
pany, praying compensation for furnishing supplies to Gen-
eini Walker's men, and that the same be reieired to the
Committee ori Naval Allans.
GEORGE W. HOPKINS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, made an
adverse report on the petition of George W. Hop-
kins; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
"WILLIAM MOSS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the same
committee, made an adverse report on the petition
of William Moss, foradditional compensation for
mail services; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by J. Henry, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had this
day approved and signed an act (H. R. No. 271)
to enable the President of the United States to
fulfill the stipulations contained in the third and
sixth articles of the treaty between the United
States and the King of Denmark, of the 11th
April, 1857, for the discontinuance of the Sound
dues.
A. M- PETTENGALL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, made an adverse
report on the petition of A.M. Pettengall; which
was laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.
PHARMACEUTICAL SOCIETY.
Mr. BURNETT, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, made an adverse report on
the petition of the Pharmaceutical Society of the
District of Columbia, praying for an act of incor-
poration; which was laid upon the table, and or- !
dered to be printed. j
JAMES W. NYE. j
Mr. BURNETT, from the same committee, re- !
ported a bill for the benefit of J. W. Nye; which '
was read a first and second time, referred to a I
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the !
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. L&TCBER moved to reconsider the vote !
by winch the bill was so referred, and also ;
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN B. ROPER.
Mr. ENGLISH, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the
relief of John B. Roper; winch was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF REV. JAMES CRAIG.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Rev. James Craig, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report,'ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM WALKER.
Mr. COX, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of William Walker; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
REPRESENTATIVES OF SAMUEL JONES.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to allow the legal representatives of
Samuel Jones five years' full pay, irf lieu of half
pay for life; which was read a first and second
time, referred toaCommittee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
GUSTAVUS B. HORNER.
Mr. ORAGIN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the Ipgal represent-
atives of Gustavus B. Horner, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
THE REVOLUTIONARY ARMY.
Mr. CRAGIN also, from the some committee,
reported back House bill (No. 234) to provide
for the settlement of the claims of the officers and
soldiers of the revolutionary army, and of the
widows and children of those who died in the
service; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
LIEUTENANT BARTLETT HINDS.
Mr. CLAWSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Lieutenant Bartlett
Hinds; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
REPRESENTATIVES OF MARIE MALINES.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, repot ted a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of Marie Malines; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE,
Mr. SANDIDGE. It was with great hesitancy
and reluctance that the Committee on Private
Land Claims, having observed the indisposition
of the House to authorize other committees to em-
ploy clerks, instructed me to apply to the House
for authority to appoint a clerk. The reason for
the necessity is simply this: we have now before
us a mass of documents, coming from the Terri-
tory of New Mexico alone, which, if printed,
I would make alarge volume. It is utterly out of
j the power of thatcommittee even to read these doc-
uments, although we should give to them every
leisure hour that we expect to have durin°- the
session. We ask for the appointment of a clerk
who will make a brief of these papers for the com-
mittee. I offer the following resolution:
Resoheil, Tliat the Committee on Puvate Claims he au
thorized to employ a cleik at the usual rate of couiijensa- !
lion. ;
Mr. LETCHER. Is that a private claim ? i
Tne SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, and ;
thinks that the resolution cannot be reported to-
day' • i
l Mr. SANDIDGE. It is a report from a com- i
! mittee. I
The SPEAKER.. That is true, but reports of
a private nature only are called for.
CYREN1US GLASS.
Mr. FENTON, from theCommittee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Cy-
renius Glass; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House,and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
\V. K. GREENWOOD.
Mr. GREENWOOD, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, presented an adverse report in the
case of W. K. Greenwood's appraisal and affi-
davit; which was laid on the table and ordered to
be printed.
JOHN FRANCIS AND OTHERS.
Mr. GREENWOOD also, from the same com-
mittee, presented an adverse report on the peti-
tion of John Francis and others; which was laid
on the table and ordered to be printed.
MENOMONEE INDIANS.
Mr. GREENWOOD, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill to authorize the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs to adjudicate and settle certain
claims against the Menomonee Indians;, which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
GEORGE CHORPEN'NING, ETC.
Mr. LEITER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of George Chorpenning
and Elizabeth Woodward, widow of Absalom
Woodward, deceased, and the children of said
Elizabeth Woodward; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to be
printed.
DENT, VANTINE AND CO.
Mr. SCOTT, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Messrs. Dent, Van-
tine & Co., for provisions furnished to Indians in
California, during the years 1851,1852, and 1853;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
CECILE COMPARE.
Mr. SCOTT, from the same committee, pre-
sented an adverse report in the case of Cecile Com-
pare; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
WILLIAM P. PAFF.
Mr. CITJITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, presented an adverse report in the
case of Captain William P. Paff, for leave to en-
list a rifle regiment; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
RICHARD B. ALEXANDER.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Richard B. Alex-
I ander; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
MAJOR JAMES DASHIELL.
Mr. Q.UITMAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Major James Da-
shiell, paymaster in the United States Army;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
SIMEON STEADMAN.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Simeon Steadrnan;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
SUSANNAH REDMOND.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Susannah Red-
mond; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
JONAS P. LEVY.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report m the case of Jotias P.
Levy; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
