976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the report be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that the decision of the Court of
Claims be confirmed.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN HAMILTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 8) for the relief of John Ham-
ilton.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury pay out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to John Hamilton, of
Ohio, the Sum of #200 in full compensation for
time and services during imprisonment with the
Indians during the war of 1812.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
CYRUS H. M'CORMICK.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 11) upon the pe-
tition of Cyras H. McCormick. [Objected to by
Mr. Hoard.]
CASSXUS M. CLAY.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 21) upon the pe-
tition of Cassius M. Clay. [Objected to by Mr.
Leiter.]
WILLIAM NEILL.
An adverse report (C. C. No. SO) upon the pe-
tition of William Neill and others. [Objected to
by Mr. Burnett.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It must be
perfectly palpable to every gentleman of the com-
mittee that we are not going to do anything with
this Calendar. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are but two
more of these adverse reports, and then we will
come to other bills.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. A single
objection stops everything.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have to get
at them some day.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, we
will take them up some day that is not objection
day.
The motion was not agreed to.
THOMAS PHENIX, JR.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 31) upon the pe-
tition of Thomas Phcnix.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This case of Thomas
Phenix has been acted on in the Senate, where a
bill was passed in favor of the claimant; and at
an early day of this session a bill was introduced
here, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs; which committee has it now under con-
sideration. Although this case comes to us as an
adverse report, it is not, in fact, an adverse report
from the Court of Claims. But, without dis-
cussing the question, I desire to have the report
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
which has the case now under consideration.
Mr. PALMER. I am constrained to object.
I have no doubt that the case has ail the merits
which the gentleman claims for it; but my cases
have merits also.
DAVID MYERLE.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 81) upon the pe-
tition of David IVIyerle.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the report be
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a rec-
ommendation that the report of the Court of
Claims be concurred in.
Mr. FLORENCE. T object.'
RICHARD H. WEIGHTMAN.
A bill (H. R. No. 64) for the relief of Richard
H. Weightman.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I move that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. BURNETT. Read the report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the case.
THOMAS SMITHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 65) for the relief of Thomas
Smithers.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Thomas
Smithers upon the invalid pension roll of the Army
of the United States, and cause to be paid to him
eight dollars per month, commencing January 1,
1855, to continue during his natural life.
The report was read. It appears that, from
certificates and documents presented to the com-
mittee, the petitioner was an enlisted drummer in
Captain Thomas 0. Jennings's company of Vir-
ginia militia, in the regiment commanded by Ma-
jor Stapleton Crutchfield; that he entered the ser-
vice 30th March, 1813, and was discharged with
his company on the 11th of October, 1813; that
during an engagement at Hampton, Virginia,
with the British forces, he received a wound on
both legs, between the knees and ankles, caused
by a splinter from a baggage wagon, which was
shattered by a cannon shot, and that said wound
has caused him severe physical suffering during
all the time since he received it; and that now, in
his extreme old age, (ninety-four,) he applies for
that relief which his country guarantied to him
when he entered her service.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
CHARLES J. INGERSOLL.
A bill (H. R. No. 197) for the relief of Charles
J. Ingersoll. [Objected to by Mr. Kelsey.]
GEORGE W. BISCOE.
A bill (H. R. No. 203) for the relief of George
W. Biscoe. [Objected to by Mr. Morgan.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is obvious that
nothing will be done in committee. I move that
the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
JAMES MACM'INTOSH.
A bill (C. C. No. 80) for the relief of Captain
James MacMcIntosh, of theUnited States Navy.
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
BARCLAY AND LIVINGSTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 204) to refund to Barclay &
Livingston and others, duties on certain goods
destroyed by fire in the city of New York on the
19ih day of July, 1845. [Objected to by Mr.
Phillips.]
HENRY LEEF AND JOHN M'KEE.
A bill (H. R. No. 206) to indemnify Henry
Leef and John MeKee for illegal seizure of acer-
tain bark. [Objected to by Mr. Lovejoy.]
ALEXANDER STEVENSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 208) for the relief of the heirs
of Alexander Stevenson.
The bill directs the Treasurer of the United
States to pay to the legal representatives of Alex-
ander Stevenson, a soldier of the revolutionary
war, in trust for the heirs of Stevenson, $654,
being the amount of money due him from the time
of his enlistment, January 1, 1776, until the time
of his discharge, m 1783.
The report states that Alexander Stevenson, a
soldier m the Revolution, enlisted as such in the
month of February, m the year 1776, was in the
battle of the Three Rivers, in Lower Canada,
where he was taken prisoner and detained as such
till the year 1783, when he was discharged m an
enfeebled state of health. It appearsfrom the rec-
ords of the War Department that he enlisted for
one year, and not for during the war; but having
served till the end of the War, his case comes with-
in the spirit and meaning of the law providing re-
lief for those who enlisted "for and during the
| war." From the papers and accompanying tes-
i timony it appears he received but one mouth's
■ pay from the Government, owing to the fact that
j he was a prisoner from 1776 till 1783. The claim,
was presented in 1837, and had the favorable ac-
h tion of two committees; passed the House of Rep-
resentatives at the last session, with a clause al-
' lowing interest upon the arrears of pay, and was
1 objected to in the Senate on the ground that the
Government ought not to pay interest, on the
. presumption that she is always ready to pay all
. her just debts upon demand. The committee re-
1 fused to allow interest, even from the time demand
; was made, although there are precedents to be
| found justifying such allowance.
: The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
| House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
I WILLIAM SMITH.
' A bill (H. R. No. 209) for the relief of the rep-
resentatives of William Smith, deceased, late of
Louisiana.
The bill'and report were read.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
JAMES LAWRENCE.
A bill (H. R. No. 410) for the relief of the legal
representatives or assignees of James Lawrence.
The bill provides that the assignees or legal rep-
resentatives of James Lawrence, to whom was
issued donation certificate No. 306, under the
eighth section of the act of May 24,1828, entitled
" An act to aid the State of Ohio in extending the
Miami canal from Dayton to Lake Erie, and to
grant a quantity of land to said State to aid in the
construction of the canals authorized by law, and
for making donations of land to certain persons
in Arkansas Territory," shall be authorized to
relocate the same upon any of the public lands in
Arkansas, subject to entry at a minimum of not
more than $1 25 per acre: provided, that said cer-
tificate shall be found to have been issued in con-
formity with the eighth section of the act of May
24, 1828, and shall be located upon legal subdi-
visions of land of not less than one quarter section.
The report states, that by treaty between the
United States and the Cherokee Indians west of
the Mississippi, ratified the 23d of May, 1828, a
portion of the then Territory of Arkansas was
ceded to said Indians; and the settlers resident
thereon, and who should remove from such settle-
ment according to the terms of the treaty, were,
by the eighth section of the act of 24th May, 1828,
entitled " An act to aid the State of Ohio in ex-
tending the Miami canal from Dayton to Lake
Erie, and to grant a quantity of land to said State to
aid in the construction of the canals authorized by
] law; and for making donations of lands to certain
I persons in Arkansas Territory," authorized to
. enter with the proper register of the land office in
Arkansas a quantity of land not exceeding two
| quarter sections, b nder this law of Congress, as
appears from a communication from the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office, a certificate was issued
to James Lawrence, number 306, on claim num-
ber 213, which was located at the Little Rock land
I office, on the 24th July, 1851, on certain lands,
' and that the location was afterwards set aside be-
cause of a prior claim, not shown by the books
of the local land office at the date of location, as
stated by Mr. Hall, the memorialist, who asks
permission to relocate on other lands, he being the
assignee of James Lawrence. The time given by
the law authorizing the previous location expired
I before its cancelment.
i The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
; House, with the recommendation it do pass.
i PIERRE BROUSSARD.
| A bill (H. R. No. 211) for the relief of the
I heirs and legal representatives of Pierre Brous-
: sard, deceased.
| Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I do not object
; to that bill myself; butinasmuch as my colleague,
[Mr. Sanpidge,] now absent, has received some
j new communication on the subject, I ask that it
I be passed over.
\ N. C. WEEMS.
i A bill (H. R. No. 212) for the relief of 3NT. C.
! Weems, of Louisiana.
' The bill provides that the entry of the section
! sixty-eight, of township two north, of range one
east, m the southwestern land district of Louis-
iana, by N. C.Weeras, of that State, and patented
; September 1, 1849, be confirmed; and that the
. Commissioner of the Land Office shall cause to be
refunded any excess of money paid into the land
, ofn.ee m its purchase from the Government.
The report states that on the 1st of September,
3849, a patent (No. 1,341) was issued to N. C.
■ Weems, on reccipt numbered l,2d0, for section
sixty-eight of township two north, of range one
east, containing one hundred and eighteen acres
and thirteen hundredths of an acre, sold at the
Opelousas land office, Louisiana. An excess of
; money having been paid on this entry, and Mr.
■ Weems applying therefor, he was, after se\er;tl
years' delay, notified that the whole entry would
be canceled, on the showing made by the sur-
, veyor general of the State, in a communication
! addressed to the Commissioner of the Land Office
! m January, 1857, that the land in question (being
a back concession) was not on a navigable stream;
the right of concession entry being allowed only
