982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
aoy ? Was it in the passage of the ordinance of
1787? Who passed that ordinance? It was passed
by the unanimous vote of Congress. Every vote
from South Carolina was in its favor; every vote
from every State within the Confederacy was in*
its favor, with the exception of a single vote, and
that was cast by a gentleman from New York.
Who, let me ask you, has ever sought to violate
the plighted faith given by the ordinance of 1787 ?
Has it been the people of theNorth or the repre-
sentatives of the North?
Again, sir, who was it that passed the Missouri
compromise ? It was passed by the votes of the
representatives of the southern States, against the
votes of a majority of the representatives of the
northern States. Who sought to break down the
plighted faith which was given by the Missouri
compromise? Was it the people of the North or
the representatives of the North ? Was it not the
representatives of the southern States, with very
few exceptions? But few of the representatives
from the States of the North could be found who
were ready to break down that, as one of the
compromises of this Confederacy.
But again, how inconsistent is the charge made j
by the honorable Senator from South Carolina, j
when he claims, in the same breath, that for sixty j
years the slaveholders of the South have controlled j
the policy of the Government of the United States. ]
Holding the Government in their power, control- I
ling its administration, what right have they to
complain of violated pledges and violated faith ?
They have made the pledges and they have broken
them at their pleasure, having the power of the
Government in their hands.
Mr. President, this wholesale and sweeping
denunciation upon the good faith of the people
residing in the northern States, and flieir repre-
sentatives in Congress, is a denunciation which
calls upon me, fdr one, to repel it. The truth of
history, in my humble judgment, not only does
not sustain the charge, but it furnishes not the
slightest foundation upon which it can rest.
But the Senator from South Carolina makes
some more specific charges, he asks some more
direct questions, and says, when we, the repre-
sentatives of the North shall take possession of
the administration of the Government what guar-
antee have the South that " you will not plunder
us with tariffs?" This, too, comes from South
Carolina,which for years has studied in the school
of its great master, a man of great intellect, of
great purity of personal character, John C. Cal-
houn, the representative man of South Carolina,
and the very man who was foremost among the
advocates of the tariff policy, of which the gen-
tleman now complains. I hold in my hand a vol-
ume which records the fact that Mr. Calhoun not
only made an earnest and eloquent speech but
gave his vote to establish,for the first time in the
history of this Government, a tariff whose avowed
object was the protection of the manufactures of
this country. I quote an extract from the speech
of Mr. Calhoun on the occasion of the passage
of the tariff bill of 1816:
" When our manufactures are grown to a certain perfec-
tion, as they soon will, under the fostering care of Govern-
ment, we will no longer experience these evils."—Benton's
Jibri&gmerit of Debates, vol. 5, p. 641.
In April, 1816, it came to a'final vote, and
among others, Mr. Calhoun is found voting in the
affirmative:
"And thus," says Mr. Benton, "was inaugurated a new
policy with respect to the imposition of duties on imports."
* * * " Protection became the object, and revenue the
incident, and to such a degree as often to disregard revenue
altogether, and a surplus of nine millions was actually cre-
ated."
I do not stand here as the advocate of a high
tariff; I do not stand here as the advocate of any
protective tariff, except so far as a tariff for reve-
nue may give incidental protection to the manu-
facturing interests of the country; but, sir, does
it not come with an ill grace from the State of
South Carolina to ask us, when we take posses-
sion of the Government, whether we will not
plunder them with tariffs, when the great repre-
sentative man of South Carolina, Mr. Calhoun,
himself, was the early author and advocate of the
very tariff policy of which the Senator complains ?
Again, the Senator asks the question, what
guarantee have the South that we will not create
another national bank? This, too, comes from
South Carolina! Sir, it was John C. Calhoun
who, in 1814, introduced the resolutions of inquiry
in relation to the establishment of a national bank,
and it was John C. Calhoun, in 1816, who, with
others, brought forward and passed the very Uni-
ted States bank bill of which the gentleman com-
plains. I am no advocate of a national bank. I
have opposed that institution and its creation in
every form within my power for twenty years of
my manhood. I oppose it now. The question
of a United States bank is no more a question of
discussion before the American people, than the
question of the revolutionary war, or the question
of the last war with Great Britain. The battle
has been fought, the victory won, the policy of
the Government forever settled on that question,
and the Republican party is no more in favor of
the establishment of a national bank than the hon-
orable Senator himself. But with what grace does
it come from the Senator from South Carolina to
raise the question whether, when we take posses-
sion of the Government, we may not establish a
national bank, when it was the leader from South
Carolina who introduced the very bank bill which
cost us such a struggle to put down ?
What guarantee have they, he asked again,
that " we will not bankrupt" them " with internal
improvements?" Sir, Mr. Calhoun, in the same
speech from which I have already quoted, in 181G,
advocated this very doctrine of internal improve-
ment. In language, forcible, and in no way to be |
mistaken, he said: 1
" To give perfection to this state of things, it will be neces-
sary to add, as soon as possible, a system of internal improve-
ments."
I stand here as no advocate of a general system
of internal improvements by the Government of
the United States. I stand here as the advocate
of the doctrine laid down by General Jackson in
his veto of the Maysville road bill; but, at the
same time, I am ready, so far as I am able, to
oppose the pretense that the whole expenditures
of public money in relation to the protection and
regulation of our commerce must be-upon the sea-
shore; where the water is salt, and the tide ebbs
and flows; and at the same time no money is to
be expended upon the great lakes, over which
more commerce floats than the whole value of the
cotton crop of which the honorable gentleman
spoke in such eloquent terms. Against any such
distinction, I, for one, am prepared to give my
vo&, my voice, and my influence.
The honorable Senator, in coolly looking upon
the division of this Union into two great confed-
eracies, North and South, and in comparing and
in calculating their strength, their greatness, and
their resources, dwelt at very great length upon
the value of the cotton crop produced in the slave-
holding States. I do not stand here to disparage
any one of the southern States. I know their
greatness,and I take pride in it. I claim the south-
ern States as a part of this glorious Confederacy
to which I myself belong. I acknowledge the
greatness of the cotton crop produced there as
an article of export. I acknowledge the great in-
| fluence which it exercises throughout the manu-
[ factoring and commercial world; but while I ac-
| knowledge all that, the gentleman will not regard
it unkind in me if I remind him of the fact that
the cotton crop, with all its boasted value, is not
worth as much as the hay which the farmers of
the United States put into their barns.
Again, the honorable Senator said, in compar-
ing the southern with the northern States, thai we
have our slaves, and that our slaves are white. I
will quote his precise language:
"Your whole class of manual laborers and operatives,
as you call them,are slaves." * * "Your
slavtis are white, of your own race; you are brothers of one
blood. They are your equals in natural endowment of intel-
lect, and they fepl galled by their degradation. Our «iaves
do not vote. We give them no political power. VoiiMdo
vote, and being the majority, they are the depositaries of all
J jour political power. It'they knew the tremendous ^errct,
I that the baliot-box is stronger than an army with bayonets,
i and could combine, where would you be:"
i I do not deny that in the large cities of the
1 North, or in the large cities of the South, or where
; ever large cities are found on the face of the whole
: earth, where riches in abundance,and poverty in
j its degradation, are brought together face to face,
■ and concentrated; where all that attends upon vice,
| poverty, and crime, is developed to the greatest
i extent, the children of misfortune, vice, poverty,
! beggary, and crime, may be found. Tliey may
| be found in the streets of the city ofjN'ew York.
■ Are th-iy not also in the streets of Baltimore, in
the streets of Charleston, in the streets of New
Orleans ? The reason why there are more in the
city of New York than in any other of the cities
of the Union, is because it is the great commer-
cial center of this continent, open to the commerce
of the world, receiving the influx of population
from every portion of the globe.
If the honorable Senator had confined his re-
mark to those specimens of misfortune which are
to be found in the large cities of the North, I
should have given it no notice whatever; but he
says a majority of our people, a majority of the
voters in the northern States, are slaves. This
remark compels me to notice it. I could not do
otherwise if I would. In behalf of the great State
which I now in part represent upon this floor,
four fifths of whose population earn their daily
bread by their own labor, all of whose population
regard labor as dignified and honorable, and not as
a degradation, I repel the imputation. I should be
false to them if I did not repel it now and here. I
' should be false to myself, false to my own educa-
tion, and false to my own parentage, if I failed to
do so. Sir, the very blood that courses in these
veins rises up to repel any such charge. Am I
to be told on the floor of the Senate that, because
my own father was a poor laboring man when
he commenced the great battle of life, I am to
i be regarded as the son of a slave? There are
! others around me who will feel as deeply as I feel,
the full import of this declaration, and who cannot
suffer it to pass unnoticed.
As one of the representatives of the free white
men of the non-slaveholding States, I tell the hon-
orable Senator they are not slaves now, nor will
they be made slaves. They understand full well
their power and their position and their fuftire des-
tiny upon this continent. They know no masters;
they acknowledge no dictators. They kneel to
none but God, and not even then unless in their
own way.
When I last addressed the Senate, Mr. Presi-
dent, I said all that I desired to say in relation to
the often-repeated intimation which we hear upon
this floor and elsewhere, that unless Kansas be
admitted into the Union at once under the Le-
compton constitution, the Union is to be dissolved.
Sir, this is but an appeal to our weakness, to our
apprehensions; it is not an appeal to our judgment
ana our understanding. I propose, as briefly as
I may, to go into an examination of the merits of
the question now pending before the Senate. In
the first place, and admitting for the present the
legality and authority of the Legislature of the
Territory of Kansas which was elected, or claims
to have been elected, in the spring of 1855: stand-
ing for the present upon the ground assumed by
the friends of this measure, the question which I
now propose to examine as a legal question is
this: whether the Lecompton constitution is of
binding authority on the people of Kansas? Has
it the force of a law upon that people, binding
upon them, and binding also upon the States, and
11 the people of the United States?
j This involves some other questions. The first
' among them is, whetherthe people of aTerritory
; can, of their own voluntary motion, without any
; enabling act by Congress, without any act by the
] Territorial Legislature, independent of all exist-
, ing legal authorities, form and establish a system
1 of government to overturn an existing Govcrn-
: ment, and make it legitimate, authoritative, and
i binding upon the people? As an American citi-
! zen, maintaining the doctrines of the American
■ Revolution, I admit that, as an abstract right, any
people possesses the right to change the form of
| their government and make that government con-
| form to their own will; but that is a revolution-
: ary, not a legal right. It is a right which rests
not upon the law, but a right which is above and
! before and beyond the law itself. It rests upon
■j the higher law of the absolute sovereignty of the
people, if there is any absolute sovereignty in hu-
■ t man affairs. But it is a right to be exercised only
as a revolutionary right. When the evils of an
: existinggovernmentbecomeintolerable, and there
i is no peaceablc mode of redress, or when there is
|j a people existing without any government at all,
they may exercise, and properly exercise, this ab-
stract revolutionary right to commence and take
incipient steps from the beginning to form and to
establish the government under which they are
11 to live. There is another qualification to the ex-
'i ercise of this right; and that is, that there should
