984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
tuticm; and what that Legislature failed to do, this
Legislature would have the power to do. If, when
Governor Geary vetoed the bill passed by the
Legislature of the Territory, instead of overriding
his objections, they had provided, as he desired,
thattlie constitution, when formed, should be sub-
mitted to a vote of the people for their ratification
or rejection, does any person doubt that such a
provision would be legal and binding on the con-
vention ? The Legislature is to have the power,
if it have any, to prescribe for the authentication
of the proceedings of the convention; for the mode
of calling it; for the mode of certifying it. I do
not say that the Legislature would have the right
to prescribe what the convention should declare
as the will of the people of Kansas in the forma-
tion of their government: not that the Legislature
could declare properly what the constitution should
or should not contain; but the Legislature, if it is
to have any power, has power to give authen-
ticity to the act of the convention; the mode of
proving it; the mode in which the will of the peo-
Ele is to be expressed. The authority which one
legislature could exercise, another Legislature
could exercise, and exercise at any time before
the constitution framed by the convention, and
the rights of the citizens under it, become fixed
and vested; before it takes effect as a binding in-
strument. At any time before it becomes like a
deed, executed, sealed, and delivered, the Legis-
lature of the Territory have the right to intervene,
to require an additional authentication, before it
shall go forth as the expressed will of the people
of Kansas. I know it will be urged that the con-
vention might at once, under the law as it stood,
have declared the constitution to be in force from
the moment of their adjournment. But if they
had that power, they did not exercise it. In-
stead of exercising the power of declaring that
constitution to be in force, they referred it back,
or a portion of it at least, for revision by the
people before it should take effect. They declared
" this constitution shall take effect and be in force
from and after the ratification by the people, as
hereinbefore provided." From and after the rati-
fication it is to take effect; not before. When
was that ratification to take place? On the 21st
day of December. Before the 21st of December
the Legislature of the Territory, then in session,
passed a law requiring the constitution to be sub-
mitted to the people for their ratification or rejec-
tion entire; and that law passed and took effect
four days before the constitution took effect. Un-
der that law, the constitution was submitted in
fact to a vole of the people of the Territory, and
was rejected by a majority of over ten thousand.
If the constitution could not take effect until the
21st of December, it was still an unexecuted in-
strument; it was still like a deed undelivered, or a
will, if you please, while the testator is still living;
the time had not arrived when it was to take ef- 1
feet. Before that time arrives, the law-making ;
power intervenes, and requires an additional cer-;
tificate to its authenticity. Why, sir, take the ;
simple case of a deed: you give a power of at-
torpey to an individual to execute a deed; under j
that power he would have the absolute right to ,
execute it, acknowledge it, and deliver it; and it j
would take effect against you. But suppose, in-1
stead of executing it and delivering it, he may |
have some doubt about some clause contained in i
it—the description, perhaps—and he sends itback
to you to take advice on that question; and while
the deed is being sent back, while the deed is
in your hands still undelivered, the law-making
power intervenes, and provides for an additional
authentication; that instead of one, there shall be
two witnesses, and instead of acknowledging it
before one commissioner, you shall acknowledge I
it before a judge, to give it effect: what effect I
would that law have upon this instrument? It i
would prevent its taking legal effect as an instru-'
ment, because it was not in fact executed, sealed, j
and delivered, when the law intervened, and you |
refused to give it the additional authentication, j
The law of principal and agent is the same, from j
the simple servant-boy sentupon an errand by his i
Master, his authority resting in parol, in mere j
word of mouth, to the envoy extraordinary and |!
minister plenipotentiary from Great Britain, com- •
missioned by letters patent under the great seal i
of the Crown. It is just as true as to the one as I
tfee other, that at any time, at any moment before !.
tbft. authority is executed, the power may be re-
voked or modified, or rescinded altogether by the'
principal.
On this point, then,I maintain,in the f|rst place,
that no authority has ever been conferred upon
the Territorial Legislature to call a convention to
form a constitution for the people of Kansas; but
if any such authority is anywhere to be found
within the clauses of tile organic act, the Legis-
lature of that Territory lately elected, clothed with
all the power which was given to the first, before
the constitution became an executed thing, having
force and effect, according to its own language,
passed an act by which it was required that there
should be an additional authentication of that in-
strument. I know that the gentlemen on the other
side may say that this is a technical objection;
that it is standing upon technical grounds. Is it
not upon legal technicalities alone that they rest
their defense of this constitution ? Do they rest
upon its justice or its fairness, because it is binding
upon that people in honesty and good faith? No,
sir. They rest upon itbecause'they say it is tech-
nically the legally expressed will of the people of
Kansas. If they choose to stand upon technical-
ities, it is just that they should fall by technical-
ities. If they will plant themselves upon the harsh
rigor of the law, though it shall trample truth and
justice and liberty under the iron heel of despotic
power, let them remember that the same rigor of
the law may bring that policy to the block. Take
your '• pound of flesh" if you will,because it is
written in the bond; but not " one drop of Chris-
tian blood," because it is not written in the bond;
" for, as thou urgest justice, be assured thou shalt
have justice."
But, Mr. President, waiving these technical-
ities, advancing one step further in the examin-
ation of this important question whether Kan-
sas should be admitted into the Union under the
Lecompton constitution, I desire to examine
whether, in a more enlarged or liberal sense, the
Lecompton constitution is binding in equity upon
the people of Kansas, even if you go upon the
ground that the Legislature of 1855 was the legal
Territorial Legislature of Kansas. 1 shall not con-
trovert the doctrine which is assumed upon the
other side; for I believe it to be true, that if a fair
opportunity to vote be given, and a majority of a
people choose to refrain from exercising that fran-
chise, and stay away from the polls, they cannot
complain of those who may choose to exercise
that prerogative. They, by staying away, si-
lently acquiesce in whatever the majority may do
who choose to vote.
Now I come to the all-important question so
often put upon this floor, and repeated in public
newspapers and in private conversation, why did i
not the free-State people of Kansas, if they are in j
a majority, as they claim to be so largely, go to j
the polls and vote for delegates to the convention j
I which framed this constitution? There are, in j
i my judgment, good and sufficient reasons why i
! the election winch took place for delegates should !
not be pleaded as an estoppel upon the people of
Kansas—why they should not be concluded by
its results; and I will briefly state some of them.
The first is, that nearly one half of all the organ- |
ized counties of that Territory were disfranchised, !
and without any fault of their own. They could '
by no means whatever take any part in the elec-
tion of delegates, if they would. Mr. Walker, in
speaking on that subject, says:
" That convention hail vital, not technical defects in the
very hubstance ofits organization under the teiritonel law,
which could only be cured, in my judgment—as set forth i
in my inaugural and other addresses—by the submission of j
the constitution for ratification or rejection by the people. {
On rcferenca to the territonal law under which the eonv'en- i
tion was assembled, thirty-four regulai ly-orgamzed counties j
were named as election distnets for delegates to the coil- 1
vention. In each and all of these counties it was required ]
bylaw that a census should be taken, and the voters regis- !
tered; and when this was completed, the delegates to the :
convention should be apportioned accordingly. In nineteen i
of these eount>es there was no census, and therefore there '
could be no such apportionment there of delegates based '<
upon such census. And m fllteen of these counties there I
was no registry of voter-*. j
'•These fifteen counties, including many of the oldest '•
organized counties of the Teriitory, were entirely dislian- '
elnsed, and did not give, and (by no fault of tiieir own) j
could not give a solitary vote for delegates to the conven- i
tion.;' l
Mr. Stanton, the acting Governor of Kansas, \
under whom this registry was made and this cen- 1
sus taken, say*: 5
" There arc tinny eight counties, gentleman,in the Tor- '1
ritory of Kansas, including the distant county of Arapahoe,
In nineteen of these counties an imperfect register was
obcained, giving a vote of nine thousand two hundied and
fifty-one. tn the other nineteen counties there was no cen-
sus and no registration."
Now, I should like to know if this of itself is
not a sufficient answer to the claim that the people
of the Territory of Kansas are to be concluded by
the action of that convention, that nearly one half,
or quite one half of all the organized counties of
the Territory, by no fault of their own, were
entirely disfranchised? What reply is there.to
this?
But, again: in the other nineteen counties the
census taken and registry made were so notori-
ously false and fraudulent, both in the omission of
resident voters and in the insertion of the names
of non-resident voters, that the people of theTer-
ritory could not be called upon, and in justice
ought not to be called upon to place any confi-
dence whatever in the fairness of the election to
which they were invited. As this is the important
point involved in this case, I must ask the indul-
gence of the Senate while I read some authority
for the truth of what I now state. The Leaven-
worth Times, a paper published at the city of
Leavenworth, in an article published directly after
this census was completed, said:
" Instead of reporting to the probate judge the names of
all the legal voters of that county,' he has omitted by fraud,
'accident, or mistake, at least one hundred free-State voters
in this town alone, many of whom are among the first set-
tlers of the Territory, and are now among the most promi-
nent men of the county. 0. F. Curiier, M. J. Parrott, H.
J. Adams, (since chosen Mavor of Leavenworth by a large
majority,) H. Miles More, E. Ro<s, H. P. Johnson, Jarcd
Phill.ps. and many others who might be named, are men
well known to the officer who took the census, and have a
bona fide residence in tins town, and have lived hete longer
than one half of the persons whose names have been legis-
tered."
All of these gentlemen were prominent men
living in the city of Leavenworth, well known to
the officers who took the census. It further says
that there were three printing offices in the city
of Leavenworth; two of them free-State printing
offices, and one a pro-slavery printing office. In
taking the census not a man belonging to either
of the free-State printing offices was placed upon
the registry.
As;ain, sir, I read an extract from the history
of Kansas and the administration of Governor
Geary, by Dr. Gihon, the private secretary of
Governor Geary. In speaking of this law and
the taking of the census-under it, he says:
" It provides for the taking of a census preparatory to an
election to be held m-June, 1S57, for delegates to a conven-
tion to frame a State constitution, to be presented to thy
next Congiess for its approval. At the election no citizen
is allowed to vote who was not in the Terrttoiy on or tie-
fore the loth of March. The census takers and judges of
election are the sheriff and other officers appointed by tho
pro-slavery party, and bound to its interests.
" Agieeably to this regulation, hundreds of free-State men
who had been forcibly drrrsn from their claims and homes
during the past year's disturbances, and who, in conse-
quence of the difficulty of travel, could not return until air^r
the 15th of Match, were disfranchised, as were also the thou-
sands of emigrants that were expected to anive after that
peuod, and pnor to the day fixed for the election. YVlni^t
on the other hand, thousands of Missourians could simplv
cross the border into the Territory, register their name- jw
voters, and return to their homes to await the election. But
even that trouble was at length considered unnecespirv. for
the sheriffs and census takers found it more convenient to
carry their books into Missom i and there record then names.
Although ' this was really done, the names of many ot the
most prominent and oldest free-State residents of the Ter-
ritory were never registered.5"
To what kind of an entertainment were the pro-
pie of Kansas invited when they were invited to
take part in that election under such a registry
and such a census as that?
There is another reason why the people of that
Territory should not be concluded and estopped
by the election of delegates to the convention. It
is this: by the written pledge of honor given by
several of its members previous to their election,
the people of Kansas were assured, and they had
reason to believe, that the constitution to be formed
at Lecompton should be submitted to them for
theirapproval or rejection. I read the pledge:
To the Democratic voters of Douglas county :
It having been stated by that abolition newspaper, the
Herald of Freedom, and by same disaffected bogu< Demo-
crats, who have got up an'independent ticket for the pur-
pose of securing the vote of tho Mack Republicans, that ih«
regular nominee.-^ of the Democratic convention were op-
posed to submitting the constitution to the people, we, the
candidates of the Democratic party, submit tiie following
resolution, whi^h was ndopted bv tno Democratic conven-
tion wl.ioh placed u- in nomination, and which we fully
