086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
arid McGee counties. I wish to put this ques-
tion to him: could you take that oath arid swear
to support such a constitution, embracing within
its provisions what is known to all the world to
be infamously fraudulent?
But asain, sir, I will go one step further. If
the slavery article is adopted, it contains the fol-
lowing clause:
" The right of property te before and higher than any con-
stitutional sanction, and tile right of the owner of a slave
tosuch &lave and its increase is the same, and as inviolable
as the right of the owner of any property whatever."
I put the question home to the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] suppose
the schedule had provided that, in case this sla-
very article should be stricken from the constitu-
tion, the following should be substituted:
"No right of property exists or can exist in man or his
offspring; slaves are the fruit ot the slave trade, which is
declared to be piracy, and punishable with death ; <dave-
holding under all circumstances is a felony, and shall be
punished as a crime."
I ask the honorable Senator, could he conscien-
tiouslytake an oath to support aconstitution con-
taining such a provision? Sir, I know not how
others may feel, but I would not take an oath to j
support a constitution which declares the right of;
property in man to be higher and above any con- j
stitutional sanction, and that in that respect the ;
constitution should never be altered. I would not
take an oath to support such a constitution under
any circumstances—no, sir, though the grave
should open before me in one single hour.
The oath which I have supposed to have been
put to the Senator from Louisiana was not put to
the pro-slavery voters m Kansas to compel them
to remain absent from the polls and take no part
in the election; but precisely that oath, which I
have supposed to be put to myself, was put to j
every free-State man in Kansas who would offer j
to vote upon the constitution—an oath, against ;
which his whole early education, every principle
which he maintains, revolts. It produced pre-
cisely the effect which was intended—it drove the
free-State men from the polls en masse. It effected
precisely that, and that only, for which it was de-
liberately contrived and intended. I ask the hon-
orable gentleman, is it just or fair to say that the
people of Kansas, the free-State men of Kansas,
have had an opportunity to vote oil this question,
when, as a precedent to their voting, you compel
them to take an oath which they cannot take with-
out bringing moral perjury upon themselves? If
it had provided that a pro-slavery man, who de-
sired to vote for the introduction of slavery, should
take an oath that it was a crime and a felony u nder
all circumstances, would that be a fair submission
to a pro-slavery man ? When it is contended and
maintained by'the Presidentof the United States
that the question of slavery has been fairly sub-
mitted to the people of Kansas, I assure, you, sir,
it must be based upon some logic which I cannot
understand, which the people of the United States
do not understand, and cannot be made to under-
stand. There must be a <£ delusion" somewhere.
But, to return, the election was soon to come
off in Kansas. The constitution itself was not
submitted to the people; they were to have no fail-
opportunity to vote upon the slavery question;
wnat was to be done? Let Mr. Stanton, acting
Governor of the Territory, under these circum-
stances, speak for himself. Speaking of the con-
dition of the people of the Territory, under these
circumstances, and as this vote was about to be
taken, he says;
" You may well imagine they wore deeply excited; they
were stirred to the veiy depth-* of the popular heart."
Mr. GREEN. Let me ask the Senator when
he said it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In his speech in New
York.
Mr. GREEN. Ah.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He is speaking since the
event.
Mr. GREEN. Not while he was Governor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, No, sir. I read from his
speech in Now York, speaking of the condition
of affairs which existed in the Territory:
" You may well imagine that the people of the Teiritory
were deeply excited; they were Mined to the very depths
of the popular heart. Their murmurs were loud, their out-
cries were boi^teious, their threats were stiong and violent.
I could not much blame them for almost anything that they
might have been disposed to do under the circumstances.
- They called upon me, in the. absence of Governor Walker,
--afcaetipg Governor of the Territory to give them what ie-
Ifef I <S>uld. What was 1 to do? What could 1 do under
the circumstances ? I saw the iniquity that had been per-
petrated before my eyes in spite of my efforts, in spite of
the authority and of the resistance of Governor Walker
and mvself, in spite of the threats and murmurs of the peo-
ple ; f saw the thing done before my eyes, m the face of
the world; the vilest wrong that bad ever been perpetrated
against any people. I learned, what to me was not at ail
astonishing, that in theii gieat meetings they had ever con-
templated the destruction of General John Calhoun, and
everv man who, by the terms of that constitution, thev re-
garded as pamcipants in carrying it into effect. I saw John
Calhoun afteiwaid,on the lesultof that state of fcding,
under the necessity of going into the Territory after his own
office—the most impoitant, or at least the most profitable,
office in the whole Terntory, the occupant of which is
clothed with more pationage than any other officer; I saw
him guarded by dragoons of the United States, to protect
him against the just indignation of the people. Weil, gen-
tlemen. as I, in the simplicity of my heart, thought that the
people were entitled ,to such relief as I could give them, I
thought that they asked me simply to call a Legislature of
then own election, in order to give them some relief; I
thought it was my duty to do what they asked. I called that
Legislature together; and if again T should hear the mur-
murs of that distracted people, if again I should look into
their glaung eyes, if again I should hear the despainng^ries
coming upon *mv ear?, calling upon mc for assistance—I
•say, if the Piesident, with all his Cabinet, were standing in
my path, frowning and thieatenmg discredit, dismissal,
dentil, anything, I would do it again."
Thus speaks out a noble and a generous heart.
Though he went to that Territory prejudiced
against the free-State men of Kansas; though, to
use his own language, he went there as a border
ruffian; though he went there desiring to make it
a slave State by every means which he could
honorably use; yet when he came to go over that
Territory and to learn the true state of the affairs
of its people; when he saw them trodden under i
foot by an insolent and tyrannical minority, |
backed up by the Army and the Administration j
at Washington, he could no more refrain from
giving utterance to the truth, and the whole truth, i
than he could hold coals of fire in his own bosom.
But what were the actual results of this election
on the 21st of December ? There were nominally
six thousand one hundred and forty-three votes
given. Of those, three thousand and twelve were
given in Johnson and Leavenworth counties, at
Oxford, Shawnee, and Kickapoo; and the Speaker
of the Assembly and the President of the Council
declare, "from our personal knowledge of the set-
tlements in and around the above places we have
no hesitation in saying that the great bulk of those
votes were fraudulent."
By this morning's paper it is announced that in
this very city is aMr. Green, direct from Kansas,
with the proof in his hands to show that there
were but two thousand five hundred legal votes
cast on the 21st of December in that Territory.
What great men voted in Kansas at Kickapoo on
that famous day? James Buchanan, President of
the United States, William H. Seward, Thomas
F. Marshall, George W. Brown, John C. Fre-
mont, John Herndon, and Thomas Ii.Benton,
are among the voters recorded at.Kickapoo on the
21st of December!
What was the vote which took place on the 4th
of January? The Lecomptou constitution was
submitted to the people of Kansas, and was re-
jected by a majority of over ten thousand votes.
No question has been raised as to the legality of
the votes that were given on thatday.
Do you ask any more witnesses to prove the
truth of what I say? I do not propose to call wit-
nesses who were friendly to the Republican party
at the time they became acquainted with the facts.
I will call the witnesses whom you yourselves have
sent to the Territory of Kansas—five Governors
in succession, one after another; and what is their
united testimony? Governor Reeder, Governor
Geary through his private secretary, Governor
Stanton, Governor Walker, and even Governor
Shannon; and, if you will delay your action upon
this Lecompton constitution for three months
longer, until Governor Denver can become well
acquainted with the situation of affairs in Kan-
sas, my life upon it, we shall be able to call him
as the next witness to prove the same truth.
Stiip this question of all its disguises, and ex-
press it in one single word; and what is it, and
what has it been from the beginning? Simply
whether the minority of the people iiT that Terri-
tory, backed up by the Administration at Wash-
ington, shall foim a constitution establishing
slavery in Kansas, and bring it into the Union
against the will of the majority; or whether the
j majority of that people shall be permitted- peace*
| fully to form their own constitution, and comc I
; into the Union as a free, independent, and sov- i
ereign State? That is the question now; it was
the question in 1856; it was the question in the
beginning, and from before the beginning; and
there has been no other question from the fall of
1853 down to the. present hour.
I desire not to trespass upon the patience of the
Senate; but I wish to state briefly some facts only,
to justify the declaration which I have now made.
In the spring of 1853, when Congress adjourned,
it left undisposed the Nebraska bill. No person
at that time entertained the idea of a repeal of
the Missouri compromise. Mr. Atchison, who
up to that time had opposed the passage of the
bill, came to its support. He declared that he was
prepared to submit to the compromise, as there
was no longer any hope of repealing it. He re-
turned to his home in western Missouri. During
the fall of 1853, months before the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill was agitated in Congress, or in the
country, Mr. Atchison attended some meetings
in the border counties of Missouri; and to one of
those meetings, an account of which was exten-
sively published through the country at the time, I
beg leave to call your attention. It was a meeting
at which Mr. Atchison himself made a speech, an
accountof which was given in the "Platte Argus."
In one of those resolutions it was declared that
they were opposed to opening the Territory for
settlement; in another, that, if it were open for
settlement, the Missouri compromise should be
repealed;and a third resolution was that, " if it be
open for settlement, we pledge ourselves to each
other to extend the institutions of Missouri over
j the Territory, cost what it may of blood or treas-
, ure." This meeting and these resolutions, though
extensively published throughout the country,
attracted but very little attention; but from the
history of subsequent events there has been given
to those resolutions a deep and momentous sig-
nificance. From his home in Missouri he re-
turned here to his place in the Senate. On the
16th of January, 1854, the proposition first ap-
peared from the then Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Dixon] to repeal the Missouri compromise. I
shall pass over that session of Congress when this
great matter was discussed. The bill became a
law on the 30th of May following. Mr. Atchison
returned from his place here to his home in Mis-
souri. The election which was first to come off in
Kansas was to take place on the 29th of Novem-
ber following for the choice of a delegate to Con-
gress. I read from the history of Kansas by the
private secretary of Governor Geary:
i{ Several week* ptevious to this election, General B. F.
Stririgfellow, ex-Vice Piesident David R. Atchison, and
other pi eminent citizens of that State, addressed large meet-
ings in Missouri, urging the people 'to enter every election
distuct in Kansas, in defiancc of llocdcr and his vtlc myr-
midons, and vote at the point of the bowie-knife and re-
volver.' The cause.it was urged, demanded it, and'it was
enough that the slave holding interest wills it, from which
there is no appealand, if the p'-o-tlavery party should be
'defeated, then Missouri and the otiiei southern States will
have shown themselves recreant to their interest, and will
deseive their fate.'"
The issue was distinctly stated by Mr. Whit-
field himself, in a speech shortly after that elec-
tion, as follows:
11 " We can recoenize but two parties in the Territory—the
; pio-^laveiy and the anti-slavery parties. If the citizens of
i Kansas want to live in this community at peacc, and feel at
home, theymust become pro-slavery men ; but, if they want
1 to live with gangs of thieves and robbei-s, they inu-t go with
! the Abolition party. There can bij no third parry—no more
I than two issues—slavery and no slavery in Kansas terri-
• toiy."
j At that election there were two thousand eight
i hundred and seventy-one votes given, of which
! one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine
I were found to be illegal, cvei y one of which illegal
; votes was cast for Mr, Whitfield. But this elcc-
! tion, which took placc on the 29th of November,
was a very small affair compared with what was
i to come off when it was to be determined who
| should hold the legislative power of the Territory.
' At that time, (and it is a fact beyond all dispute;
! I have authorities before me going to demonstrate
I if,) nearly five thousand men, non-residents of
1 Kansas, entered into the Territory, took posses-
: sion of every council district, and every assem-
] bly district hut one in the Terntory, and chose
every member of the Legislature with a single ex-
l ception. After that election was over, from the
i same newspaper to which I have referred, the
: Platte Are;us, jubilant expressions of victory were
i heard. The declaration was made. " They (the
Missourian*.) have conquered Ksnsas. Our ad-
