mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
others, would constitute a conclusive reason why j
■ 1 could never vote for the passage of this bill. I j
have other reasons, equally satisfactory, equally j
strong, to my own mind; and I liave made some j
preparation, as I intimated in the early part of j
my remarlcs, to be heard on those points at some ]
time before the vote be taken in the Senate, I J
may forego, or I may avail myself of that appor-
iunity. If it comes to be a question of endurance |
here,and we are to sit at nights, until the physical j
power of the one party or the other shall yield,
I shall probably, if God sparesmylife and health,
take an opportunity to be heard on certain^other
questions copnected with the admission of Kansas :
under this constitution; but, not knowing what 1
might befall me before the vote may be taken, I
wished to be heard now, even in this very imper-
fect manner, on these patent objections to the in-
strument before us, lest by possibility the vote
might be taken here, and my voice never be up-
lifted against this most atrocious, high-handed
act of usurpation. Such will be the character of
the act when consummated; the consummation
will be when we impose this constitution upon
the people of Kansas. I say " impose" U upon
them, because I take great pleasure m saying that
this constitution—obnoxious, outrageous, infa-
mous as it is—was never made, and has never
been assented to, by the people of the Territory
of Kansas. They loathe it as I do. The}' scorn
its very name. They detest its principles, its
details, its origin; and so do I. I should regret
that the people of any Territory within the limits ;
of these United States could, of their own free i
will, come before the Congress of the United States ,
with a constitution of this description, and ask to
be admitted as a member of this Confederacy un-
der it. I should regret it, because I should be
compelled to believe that a people who really
could, in this age of the world, willingly submit
to, and sit down under, a constitution like this,
were not fit for free government, and ought not
to become members, as a State, of the great Con-
federacy, called the United States of America.
Mr. HA.MLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator yield to me the
floor for a moment? I desire to move an execu-
tive session; but before I do it 1 move to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill until
to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock, so as to
give the fullest time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to ask
if this is done by an interruption of the speaker?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Senator from Missouri has
moved to postpone the bill until half past twelve
o'clock to-morrow; that is the pending question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is the object
to override the morning hour to-morrow? [Yes.]
Will the Senator state some reason why he wishes
to override the morning hour? There is public
business of importance that ought to be consid-
ered, and we have no time for it but during the
morning hour. I ask the Senator from Missouri
to give some reason for his pioposition.
Mr. GREEN. I do not desire to make any
motion to interfere with the ordinary proceedings
of the Senate. I made the motion in order to af-
ford the opponents of the Lecompton constitution
the fullest opportunity of debate. If they do not
desire it, I will move to postpone the further con-
sideration of this subjectuntilone o'clock. [That
will do.] if 1 understand them they do notwish
additional time. [Oh, no.]
ThePRESl DING OFFICER. The Chair would
suggest to the Senator from Missouri that, his
motion is unnecessary if the object is to go into
executive session. That motion can be enter-
tained without any proposition for postponement.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mokday, March 8, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William Chauncey La^gdon.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
MEMBER OF SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr.Shaw, of North
! Carolina, in lieu of Mr. Harris, of Illinois, (ex-
! cused from service,) member of the special com-
! mittee to which was referred the resolution in
j reference to the expulsion of Mr. Matteson.
| JOHN HAMILTON.
j The SPEAKER stated the business first in
! order to be on ordering House bill (No. 8) for the
; relief of John Hamilton to be engrossed and read
: a third time.
> Mr. CLINGMAN. I find, on inquiry this
' morning, that we have neglected to appoint a com-
! mittee on rules. I think that, by the amendment of
! the rules, a little business might be facilitated. I
'hope that, by general consent, the Speaker will
! be authorized to appoint a committee on rules,
i such as we formerly had; and for that purpose I
I send up a resolution 
I Mr. GROW. I object.
| Mr. CLINGMAN. Is it in order to move to
I suspend the rules for the purpose I have indicated ?
j The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the de-
! mand for the previous question.
Mr. ATKINS. An amendment to this bill, of-
fered on Friday last, by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] was adopted, allowing interest to
the claimantfrom the time his claim was perfected,
in 1852. I desire now to enter a motion to recon-
sider.
I * Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman how he
| voted ?
! Mr. ATKINS. I voted in the affirmative.
I Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Avery, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Blair, Bowie, Brayton, Buffinton, Buiroughe, Case,
Chiiffee, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, dawson, Ulmgman,
Claik B. Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Comins, Covode,
Cragin, Curus, Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee,
|1 Fenton, Foley, Foster, Giltnan, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin,
[j Grander, GioW, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Hairis, Has
1; kin, Hatch, Ilavvkms, Hoaid, Horton,Howard, Owen Jones,
Jl Kef ogg, Kulsey, Kilgo e,Knapp, Landv, Lawrence, Leiter,
!; Humphrey Marshall, Morgan, Morrtll, Edward Joy Mortis,
h Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nich-
|| ols, 01m, Paiker. Pendleton, Pike, Pottle, Puiviance, Ri-
I! caud, Ritchie, Robbms, Royee, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman,
[{ Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
:[ James. A. Stewart, Tha/ei, Tompkins, Walbudge, Wal-
!. diou, Israel Washburn, Wood, Woodson, and Zolheoffer
,! -02.
ii NAYS—Messrs. Ahl,Atkins,Biliinghurst. Bliss, Bocock,
jj Bonham, Boycc, Bryan, Burnett, Clay. Ch-mcn^, Cobb,
I! John Cochrane. James Ciaig, Burton Craige, Crawford,
II Curry, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis ot
i j Iowa, Dimmick, Dowdell, Edie, Edinmidson, English,
| j Faulkner, Florence, Garnett, Gam ell, Giddmgs, Goode,
|! Greenwood, Giegg, Gioesbeck, Hailan, Thomas L. Hairi*,
, j Hill. Hopkins. Houston, Uuyler, Jackson, George W.Jones,
; S Kcitt, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Leach,
|i Letcher. Lovejoy, McQueen, Ma^on, Mavnard, Mi1p«i,
'! Millson, Niblaek, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Potter, Powell,
,j Quitman, Ready, Reagan. Reiily, Rutfin", Scales, Scott,
jj Searing, Henry M. Shaw, Sickles, SamuelA. Smith, Wil-
li ham Smith, Stnllwoitli, Stephen*, Stevenson, William ■
I! Stewait, Talbot, Tappan, Miles Taylor. Undoi wood, Wade, !
ij Waldion, CadwaladerC. Washburn, VVatkins, Whiteley, >
Winslow, Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wiight, and John V. j
Wright—89. j
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the j
table. •
i Pending the vote, j
Mr. OWEN JONES stated that his colleague, !
Mr. Chapman, was unexpectedly called away i
from the city on Saturday. ;
Mr. PHILLIPS stated that Mr. Hickman was ;
detained at his rooms by indisposition. !
Mr. DAVIDSON made a like statement in ref- I
erence to Mr. Saxdidge. I
Mr. GREENWOOD made a like statement in j
reference to Mr. Warren. !
Mr. WORTENDYKEstatedthathiseoIleague, s
Mr. Adraint, was detained from the House on |
account of sickness in his family. ;
I' The question recurring on ordering the bill to
j, be engrossed and read a third time, the bill was
jj ordered to be engrossed; and being engrossed, it ,
i! was read the third time. j
H Mr. STANTON moved the previous question i
; on the passage of the bill. j
j The previous question was seconded, and the '
I main question ordered. '
i Mr. LOV-EJOY called for the yeas and nays on j
! the passage of the bill. j
! The yeas and nays were ordered. I
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Andrew*, Avery, Bennett,
mins, Covode, James Ciaig, Curtis, Damrell, Davidson,
Davis ot'Mississippi, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart,
Dick, Dimmick, Dodd, Durfec, Edie, Edmundson, Farns-
woitli, Foley, Foster, Oilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin,
Gianger, Grow,Robert B. Hall, J.Morrison Harris, Haskm,
Hawkins, Hoard,Horlon, Howard, Hughes, Hu;yler,Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp. Landy,
Lawience, Leach, Leidy, Leiter, Maynard, Montgomciy,
Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris,
Freeman H. Moise, Mott, Murray, Ohn, Palmer, Parker,
Pendleton, Pike, Pottle, Powell, Purviance, Q.uitman, Reil-
ly. Rieaud, Ritchie, Robbing, Royee, Russell, Savage, Sew-
ard, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman,
Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner. Stanton, Ste-
phens, James A. Stewait, George Taylor, Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Underwood, Walbndge, Waidron, Walton, Israel
Washburn, Whiteley, Winslow, Wood, Woodson, Wor-
tendyke, John V. Wright, and Zolheoffer—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Barksdale, Bocock, Bonham,
Boyce, Bryan, Burnett, Clay, Clemens, John Cochrane,
Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davis of Indiana, Dowdell,
Faulkner, Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, Giddings, Goode,
Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Harlan,ThomasL. Harris,
Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Keilt, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkftl,
Lamar, Letcher, Lovejoy, McQueen, Mason, Miles, Mill-
son, Ntblack, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips', Potter, Reagan, Ruf-
fm, Scales, Scott, Seaiins, Henry M. Shaw, Stevenson,
Talbot, Miles Taylor, Wade, Ca'dwalader C. Wasnburn,
Watkins, and Augustus R. Wright—60.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF RJJLES.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope there will be no
jection to the resolution which I alluded to a few
'minutes ago. It is to supply an omission made
at the beginning of the session, and which omis-
sion I was not aware of till the Committee on
Accounts called attention to it. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of five be appointed
by the Speaker to revise the iu!es of the House and recom-
mend such amendments as they may deem necessary to
facilitate business, and that they have leave to report at any
time.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to suspend the
rules.
The rules were not suspended; only sixty-three
members—not two thirds of a quorum—voting in
favor thereof.
STENOGRAPHER TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a resolution
which it is important to have acted upon imme-
diately:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
thorized to employ a stenographer at the usual rate of com-
pensauon, whilst engaged 111 the examination of witnesses
m the investigation of the official ennductof Hon. John C.
YVatious, distuct judge of the eastern district of the State
of Texas.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask whether this
is in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is, if not objected to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. -If it is in order, I
do not object; if it is not in order, I do object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to suspend the rules;
and I would state to the House that it is utterly
impossible for the committee to discharge its du-
ties without the services of a stenographer.
The question was put; and the rules were sus-
pended. two thirds having voted therefor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW JERSEY RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. ROBRINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present joint resolutions of the
! State of New Jersey for the purpose of refer-
j ence.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I think it would
I be better to go on and call the States for resolu-
! tions regularly. I object.
