992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8t
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The reason
I asked the question was this: I understand the
law as the gentleman does; but I suppose the
President of the United States would, through
our minister in Prance, upon such representa-
tion, proceed without any resolution of Congress.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. There have been
a great many wrongs perpetrated upon the high
seas upon our citizens and upon American prop-
erty, that have even been complained of to the
Executive, with respect to which no efficient ac-
tion has been taken. I, for one, think that the
time has arrived when the Representatives of the
people should demand that, where public inter-
ests are involved, steps calculated to be efficient
should be taken; and this is one of those instances,
in my opinion. I will not detain the House longer,
but move that the resolution be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr.CLINGMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to yield me the floor for a moment
to make a suggestion.
Mr. CLINGMAN, I will hear the suggestion.
My object is to save time.
Mir. PHILLIPS. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Louisianaif he would not be satisfied
•with a simple resolution instructing the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs to inquire into and ascer-
tain and report the facts connected with the al-
leged seizure and condemnation of the American
bark Adriatic by the_ authorities of France, to-
gether with the law relating thereto ? and what
steps, if any, ought to be taken by the United
States Government in regard to the matter ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The resolutions, as they
now stand, will give the committee jurisdiction
over the whole subject.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Pacts are assumed in the pre-
amble of which we know nothing.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. It is only stated
that they are so reported.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered;and, under the operation
thereof, the joint resolutions were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. RITCHIE moved that the vote by which
the joint resolutions were so referred be reconsid-
ered ; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Houston i
in the chair.)
Mr. CRAWFORD moved to take up House
bill No. 307, to appropriate money to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for paper, print-
ing, binding, and engraving, ordered by the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses, and which I
has been executed. I
The motion was agreed to; and the bill v;as
taken up.
The bill appropriates, for the purpose of de-
fraying the deficiencies in the appropriations for
the paper for the printing, for the printing, and
for the binding, engraving, and lithographing, or-
dered by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Con-
gresses, the following sums of money, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated: to pay for paper, $104,000; to pay for the
printing ordered by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, during the Thirty-Third and Thirty-
Fourth Congresses, §57,619 94; to pay for the j
binding, lithographing, and engraving, ordered by I
the Senate during the Thirty-Third and Thirty- '
Fourth Congresses, §179,569 64. i
Mr. CRAWFORD. This is a bill for the pur- 1
pose of supplying certain deficiencies that are now !
due for printing, lithographing, &e. I desire to i
have read a letter from one of the gentlemen to '
%vhom some portion of this money is due; and I ;
wo Li id say to the House that this money has been !
due for some two months and more, and those to !
whom it is due are suffering exceedingly from its ;
non-payment. I hope, therefore, that the House j
will take the matter under its consideration, and [
determine what direction it will give this bill. We
owe this morrey. Those to whom it is due are
suffering for it, and there is no question in the
world that it ought to be paid. I propose, in order
to give gentlemen an opportunity to read the bill
and inform themselves in reference to its provis-
ions, that some two or more speeches may be
made in committee on the important question of
the session, and then I shall ask the committee to
rise, that I may offer a resolution in the House to
close debate on this bill in five minutes after the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall have resumed its consideration.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I wish the gen-
tleman to state to the committee, in reference to
this bill, that he and I have made a personal exam-
ination of the affair, and have been convinced of
the correctness of his statement. I also want to
suggest to him, that before he takes his seat he
shall move that the committee rise, with the un-
derstanding that he will offer a resolution to term-
inate debate at the time he proposes, giving mem-
bers time to read the bill. I know the fact that
the men to whom this money is due are suffering
from its not being paid, are paying large interest
for money, and are having their bills protested
almost every day. The gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Crawford] and myself have taken the
trouble to make a personal examination of the
matter, and have ascertained the amount due to
these gentlemen. I therefore hope that before he
takes his seat he will move that the committee
rise, with a view of offering a resolution to close
debate within the time he proposes.
Mr. CRAWFORD. What my friend from Ten-
nessee says in regard to this matter is true. We
went out and made a personal examination as to
theamountofindebtednesson the part of the Gov-
ernment to these gentlemen. This bill covers the
amount that is due to them up to the time the bill
was introduced.
I have before me a statement of the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, in which he says that
there is $104,000 due for paper, and $47,619 94
due for printing. The gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Smith,] who is chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, and myself, have examined and
found that that is so. The bill-proposes to ap-
propriate $57,619 94 for printing—$10,000 more
than was shown to be due in the statement of the
Superintendent of Public Printing, because that
statement was made a month ago, and further in-
debtedness has accrued since.
The next item in the bill is $179,569 64 to pay
for the binding, lithographing, and engraving, or-
dered bytheSenate. Wc have added some fifteen
thousand dollars to bring it up to the present time.
These gentlemen are pressing us to call upon the
House to settle their claims; and so far.as I am
individually concerned, I am anxious, on account
of the solicitude which they manifest, that this
bill should be passed. No other interest than that
have I in the subject-matter. If, therefore, the
suggestion of the gentleman from Tennessee mett
the views of the committee I shall move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing the gen-
eral debate on this bill within two hours after its
consideration shall have been resumed in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOCOCK. I think it would be best to
allow this day to be consumed in speaking; and
to-morrow morning, before going into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, the
gentleman can move the resolution.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If it is desirable that this
day should bo occupied in general debate 
Mr. MORGAN. I see by this bill that it ap-
propriates $340,000.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Yes.
Mr. MORGAN. What has become of the
§700,000 or §1,000,000 that was to be appropri-
ated in the printing deficiency bill a few days
ago ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. This §790,000 is the
amount estimated to be necessary to complete all i
the printing, lithographing,&c., ordered by Con- j
gross; but as there is some division of opinion in <
the House in reference to the payment for what i
work is not yet done, the committee has deemed
it proper to report a bill for the amount actually
due, and leave the question as to the work not
done to the future decision of the House. All ac-
knowledge that we now owe §341,000. We there-
fore propose to have that sum paid, and let us i
quarrel over the balance hereafter. This sum is
less than the amount proposed by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett.] I hope, there-
fore, that the House will find no difficulty in hav-
ing this amount of the public debt settled at as
early a day as practicable. I therefore move that
the committee do now rise, with a view of intro-
ducing a resolution to close debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Houston re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly House
bill No. 307, to appropriate money to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for paper, printing,
binding, and engraving ordered by the Senate and
House of Representatives of the Thirty-Third
and Thirty-Fourth Congresses, and which has
been executed; and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move the usual resolu-
tion to close debate to-morrow at two o'clock,
upon the bill which the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union last had under consid-
eration.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest to my col-
league on the Committee of Ways and Means,
that he modify his resolution so as to close debate
to-day. There can be no controversy about this
bill. It is simply to pay for work that has actually
been done, which members have received and sent
home to their constituents. The Printer is suffer-
ing for want of the means due him, and has been
for a long time. I hope the gentleman will move
to close debate in half an hour.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Upon the statement of the
gentleman from Ohio, I will modify the resolu-
tion so as to close debate in five minutes after
the committee shall resume the consideration of
the bill. I will then move that the committee
rise, with a view of passing this bill, and going
again into committee, when we can take up another
appropriation bill, and go on with the general de-
bate. 1 hope the House will aid me in carrying
out what I propose.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House is willing that
the bill which was last up in committee shall pass
upon five minutes' debate, we may as well dis-
charge the committee at once, and pass the bill.
It has been once considered in committee, and it
is perfectly competent for us to bring it at once
into the House, and pass it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think myself,from what
has been said by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] and from the general inclination which
seems to be manifested to pass the bill, that the
course suggested by the gentleman from Alabama
is the best one; and, to test the sense of the House
upon it, I move, if it is in order, to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I thought it was the under-
standing, when the committee rose, that the bill
was to go over until to-morrow, before it was to
be acted upon.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask whether the motion
I have made is in order?
The SPEAKER. It is, by unanimous consent.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill, and the
same was brought before the House for consid-
eration.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the bill be
engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT. Is a motion to amend in
order to that bill ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman has not
the floor to oit'er an amendment. I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BURNETT. I understood tlie gentleman
from Georgia to close with his motion that the
bill be engrossed, and read the third time. I then
rose and asked whether it was in order to move
an amendment to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the question of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. The gentleman from Georgia states that
he had not relinquished the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, sir, I hope the gen-
tleman from Georgia will yield the floor and allow
me to introduce'an amendment. I will state that
my object is to offer a proviso to this bill, by
which we shall suspend the printing of Gilliss's
