THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
"WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1858.
New Series No. 63.
report, Emory's report, and the report on the
Pacific railroad surveys.
Mr. RITCHIE. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RITCHIE. Then I object to it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Ido not propose to debate
this bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to debate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time;and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the bill will
be voted down. If they will cut off the balance
of the appropriation, I am willing to give them
this; but not without.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 128, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alii, Andrews, Atkins, Bishop, Bliss,
Boeoek. Bonham, Bowie, Iloyce, Bryan. Bunls, Burioughs,
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, John B. Claik, dawson,
Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cockenll, Col-
fax, Coinins, Cox, C'ragm; James Craig, Crawford, Curry,
Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis ol Indiana,
Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis ot
Iowa, Dean, Dick, Dimmick, Dowdill, Durfee, Edie, Ed-
mundson, Eustis, Farnsworth, Fenton, Florence, Foster,
Gartrell, Gicldimis, Gilmer, G.ioeh, Goode, Greenwood,
Greg". Groesbeck, Ilobeit H.Hall, J. Moruson Harris, Hatch.
Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Huy-
ler, Jackson. J Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly,
Kelsey. Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher, Mc-
Queen,Samue! S. Marshall, Mason, Miles,Miller, Millson,
Monfonierv. Edward Jov Morns, Mott, Murray, Kiblaek,
Parker, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Tottle, Powell, Quitman,
Reagan, Keiliv, Ritchie, Bobbins, Russell, Savage, Scott,
Searing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Judson W. Sherman,
Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Staliwortb, Stephens, Steven-
son, James A. Stewait, William Stewait, Tappan, George
Taylor, Miles Taylor. Thayci, Undenvnod, U'uldron, Israel
Washburn, Wat'kins', White, Whiteley, Winslow. W ood,
Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus E. Wright, and John V.
Wright—128. .
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bingham, Blair, Brayton, Buf-
finton, Burlmgame, Burnett, Case, Cobb, Covode, Curtis,
Dawes, English Oilman, Goodwill. Giow, Hailan, Hoard,
Horton, Geor«e W. Jones, Kellogg, Kilgore, Knapp, John
C. Kuilkel, Leaell, LeiterJ Lovojoy, Humphrey Marshall,
Maynatd, Morgan, Morrill, Isaac N. Morns, Palmer, Pen-
dleton, Pike, Potter, Ready, Rieaud. Uuffm, Scales, Aaron
Shaw, John Sherman. Tompkins. Wade, Walton, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, and Zolhcoffer—47.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CRAWFORD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GL ANCY JONES moved that the rules
be susoended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on_the state of
the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will give us a little time
to introduce bills and resolutions. I demand the
yeas and nays on the motion, and ask for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and tne motion
was agreed to—ayes 80, noes 58.
TheTrules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Houston in *he
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This is a bill which
certainly does not require to be read at length;
and if I have the consent of the committee, 1 move
to dispense with the first reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk then commenced to read the bill by-
clauses for amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The bill now be-
fore the committee, called the consular and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill, merely provides for the
C3
payment of the salaries of the consuls and those
employed by the Government m the diplomatic
service abroad; and it embodies nothing but pro-
visions for appropriations according to existing
law. It belongs to that class of bills which does
not fairly admit of amendment. There is no oc-
casion for me to occupy the time of the committee
in debating it, unless objection be raised. And I
hope the committee will, at as early a period as
convenient, rise and report the bill to the House.
I will detain the committee no longer.
Mr. BOCOCK. I prefer always to address my-
self to the subjcct before the House, but I know
the difficulty which a gentleman encounters here
in obtaining the floor, especially on soimportanta
proposition as the one which I design to discuss. I
therefore resolved some days, I may say weeks,
ago, to avail myself of some suitable occasion in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to deliver to this committee some views
which have presented themselves to my mind in
relation to a question which has taken up so much
of our time, and which has attracted so much of
the public attention.
It was originally my intention, Mr. Chairman,
to take but a brief glance, by way of preface and
for the purpose of completing the view which it
was my purpose to submit, at the original Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill; but a speech delivered by my
respected colleague from the Norfolk district,
[Mr. Millsok,] a short time ago, makes it in-
cumbent upon me, in my judgment, to devote a
larger portion of my time to a discussion of this
preliminary question. I regret this very much;
because I know that, in the brief hour allotted to
us here, I should scarcely have been able to elab-
orate and enforce the views which I design to
present upon the great and leading question. As
the matter now is, I shall be able to touch but
briefly the points I expected to make, both in
reply to the speech of my colleague, and upon
the main question'itself.
And I wish to say here, that feeling confident
that I shall not be able to get through all I have
to say, 1 hope no gentleman will feel called upon
to interrupt me, unless I say something which
calls for personal explanation from him, individ-
ually.
Allow me one more word, by way of intro-
duction. In what I may say in relation to the
speech of my colleague, I desire to reciprocate
most cordially the kind and friendly tone in which
he expressed himselfin relation to his colleagues,
with whom he has heretofore differed 011 this
Kansas question. And I am the more anxious
to do so, because I know that I have not com-
mand of that accurate and precise phraseology
which the gentleman himself commands, and
which is necessaryto give one's precise meaning.
Thespeech of my friend and colleague, like all
his performances, and, perhaps, in a greater de-
gree than any of them heretofore, was able and
ingenious. The onward sweepof his logic wasas
regular and as graceful as the charge of the light
brigade at Balaklava; but I say, with all respect,
. that, in my humble judgment, it led to no more
1 useful or valuable result. What, sir, was the great
' lesson taught by the speech of my colleague? One
might have supposed for a moment that his de-
sign was to enfoi ce upon the attention of the House
' the fact that 111 accepting the Kansas-Nebraska
i bill in 1854, the South did not get all to which it
! was entitled. If I had been satisfied that this was
the purpose and intention of my colleague, I
should not have felt called upon to reply to it. But
in view of the entire speech, and all the circum-
stances which surrounded it, that supposition can-
not be maintained. Then, Mr. Chairman, could
it be that my worthy friend and colleague felt him-
self called upon to expend so much ingenuity and
ability, and to give us so fine a display of dialec-
tics, for the purpose of proving that he foresaw
all the evils which have occurred in Kansas, and
. that they are the legitimate and proper results of
; the Kansas-Nebraska bill? Sir, he who claims
1 for himself the character of a prophet oi the past,
| or a foreteller of woe, seeks a reputation which,
in my humble judgment, is by no means desira-
ble. One who felt deeply and thought strongly,
and who knew well how to wreak his thought
upon expression, has said:
" Of all the horrid, hideous notes of human woe,
Worse than the owl songs or the midnight blast,
Is that poitentous phrase c I told you so
Uttered by friends, those piophets of the past,
Who, instead of telling what you now should do,
Own that they thought that you would fall at fast,
And solace your slight lapse 'gainst' bonus mores,'
By a long memoianduin of old stones."
A prophet of the past! Why, sir, it can avail
but little in this case, at any rate; for if the evils
which have occurred in Kansas are to continue;
if the strife which has occasionally manifested
itself there is to break forth anew and with in-
creased violence, until the roar of battle and the
fury of the storm shall fill the land with uproar,
it will be but a poor privilege to come upon the
stage, like the chorus in the ancient Greek tragedy,
and in the lull of the tempestand the pause of the
battle to sing a dirge of doom. If, on the contrary,
Kansas is speedily to be admitted into the Union,
and under the benign and genial influences of State
independence and* State sovereignty, all those
evils are to be first localized, and then banished
forever. If " ail the clouds that lower o'er our
house," are to be "in the deep bosom of tho
ocean buried," then, in the panorama of content-
ment and prosperity which will follow, there will
be no place for this wail of woe. The memory
of Cassandra has but the greenness of the lichens
and ivy that cover the ruins of Troy. It is min-
gled in the memory with the recollection of a fall-
ing city and a scattered people. Had Troy not
fallen, it would long ago have perished like
" The fat \ve<-d thatiots on Lethe's wharf."
I desire now, Mr. Chairman, to notice particu-
larly, but briefly, the leading points made by my
colleague in his speech against the original Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill. They appear to mo to have
been twofold. He objected to it upon the ground
that in its legal and necessary construction, it sus-
tained the idea of territorial sovereignty; and he
also objected to iton the ground that it contained
what is called the Badger proviso. Permit me to
consider those objections seriatim.
Mr. Chairman,'! desire to say hero, in the com-
mencement of the remarks that I shall make upon
this question of territorial sovereignty, that if that
bill, ill its legitimate and necessary construction,
did tolerate the idea of territorial sovereignty, I
should prefer it, both being constitutional, to the
doctrine of congressional restriction; for under
congressional restriction, if you have peace it will
be the peace of admitted inferiority of rights on
the one side, and admitted superiority of rights
on the other. Under the doctrine of territorial
sovereignty you might hewve strife and conflict;
you would probably have a struggle among men
of clashing interests and conflicting views to gam
the ascendency; but poor as it would be, we would
still have our chancc, and wo would have the con-
solation, at any rate, to know, if the question were
decided against us, it would be decided by those
who were to be most interested in the question at
issue. . .
But, sir, I contend that the legitimate and ne-
cessary construction of that act does not sustain
the idea of territorial sovereignty. The clause
to which my colleague alludes is this:
" It hem" tho true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate fcUseiy into any Torutoiy or State,_nnr to exehlde
it therefrom, hut to leave the people theieoi perfectly iree
to foimaml regulate their domestic institutions in then own
way, subject only to tlio Coristitutioii of the united tutos.
Now, it will be remembered that my colleague
ridiculed the idea that the Congress of the United
States intended gravely to abnegate the power to
prohibit slavery in States of the Union already
existing; but whatever this provision does not
mean, it certainly does mean to do that. That is
precisely what it does mean, most emphatically.
No other construction can be given to it; and, per-
haps, the reason for inserting such a provision
in the bill was, that in the restriction of 1820 the
power was clearlv and distinctly assumed bv tne
