1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
993
Mr. Chairman, these evils are upon us, jjnd it ,
is proposed to settle them by the admission of 1
Kansas into the Union as a State. The President
of tho United States has sent a message to the
Confess of the United Slates,communicating to
ustlioconsutution adopted at Lecompton,and rec-
ommending that Kansas shall be admitted into the
Union as a State under that constitution. I stand ,
here to-day to take my position in favor of such j
admission, and I shall now proceed to give the !
reasons upon which I base my aeiion. _ j
Now, sir, t am free to admit that when this con- !
stitution comes to us we have the rightto inquire,
first, whether there is a sufficient population in
Kansas to entitle her to come into the Union as a ,
State. Well, sir, I believe there is no difference
of opinion upon that subject. All parties are
agreed upon that point. The Topeka men seem :
to have acted all along upon the supposition that j
there was population enough there to justify a :
State constitutions TheLecompton menhavedone i!
the same, and those who sustained the measure 1
proposed by the distinguished Senator from Geor- '
gia, during the last Congress, seem never to have
objected on that ground. j
Then, sir, I admit that you have the right to in- ;
quire whether the form of Government proposed
is republican. I believe there is no difficulty upon i
that subject. All are agreed upon that point. j
There is another and very important inquiry \
which we have a right to make. We have the ]
right to inquire whether the constitution sent here |
is~ni fact the constitution of the State of Kansas j
or not; and it is to that point that I propose now ^
to direct my remarks.
Nov.-, sir, I wish to say in the beginning, that :
I design to argue this point with all fairness and
candor if I can. I shall make certainly very lib- !.
eral admissions to the gentlemen on the other side.
I admit that all republican constitutions " derive
their just powers from the consent of tiie gov- ■
eined." I admit thedoctiines that " sovereignty
makes constitutions;" that " sovereignty _ rests
exclusively with the people of each State;-' that
"sovereignty cannot be delegated;" that it is j
" inalienable, indivisible," &e. I also admit fully i
the doctrines of the Kansas and Nebraska bill, ,
that the people, when they come to form their ;
constitution, should be hjft free to form and reg-
ulate their own institutions in their own way.
Now, sir, if I can maintain the propriety of the ;
admission of Kansas into the Union upon those 1
principles,gentlemen ougnt to acquiesce; if not, 1 ,
lose my proposition, and I fail in the effort I am ;
here to make. I
In the first place, then, I admit that govern- ;
ments instituted among men derive their just i
powers from the consent of the governed. That
is the first admission. But I deny that it is a
necessary corollary from this principle tnat the
constitution of a. State shall be submitted to the
votes of all the governed. On the contrary, no ^
constitution that was ever framed, either in this
or anv other country, was ever submitted to the
vote of all the people who were to be governed by
it. How many of the States of this Union allow
the Afiican race to vote ? I think New England
and New York alone aspire to that '• bad emi-
nence." Yet the African race are among the gov-
erned. How many States in this Union allow a
citizen just landed upon its soil from any other
State, oi from a foreign country, to vote? Not one,
I believe. In most of the States in the U mon, they
require a man to have resided in the State for twelve
months, even if a citizen of the United States, be-
fore he is allowed to vote. And yet, sir, they are
amono the governed. How many of the States
of this Union allow females and children to vote ?
Not one; and yet, are they not in the list of the gov-
erned? Then it is a clear proposition, that the tact
tiiata form of government derives its powers from
the consent of the governed, does not require the
eonstuution to be submitted to all who ore to be
governed under it. I will show, in the sequel,
that the consent of the governed is given on the
representative principle.
Tho next concession which 1 make is to be
found in a certain letter written by the late Gov-
ernor of Kansas, upon the occasion of his resig-
nation of office. He says that—
« Sovereignty makes constitutions ; that sovereignty rests
exclusively with the people of eacli State ; that sovereignty
cannot be delegated; that it is inalienable,iinlivuiuie, a
unit incapable of partition."
Now, sir, I admit all that; but I will not con- j
cede for a moment, because sovereignty is inalicn- '
able, that acts of sovereignty cannot be exercised jl
through some medium, organism, or represent- ij
ative agency; far from it. i think that the cele- i;
brated letter to which I refer affords a remarkable ; j
instance of how a really able man, when sustain- |
ing a heresy, may entangle and overthrow him- jj
self in tho mazes of his own metaphysics.' Robert '
J. Walker declares:
" Jt will not be denied that sovereignty is the only power
that can make a State constitution, and that it rests exclu-
sively with the people; and it it is inalienable, and cannot
be delegated, as I have fchown, then it can only be exer-
cised by the people themselves."
And again, in reference to the Constitution of
the United States, lie says;
Each State, acted for itself alone in acceding to the Arti-
cles of Confederation ill 1773, snd each State acted for itself
alone m ftamin^ and ratuyin^, each for itself, the Constitu-
lion of tile United Slates. Sovereignty,then, with us, rests
exclusively with the people of each State."
Here, sir, he assumes that each State adopted
the Constitution of the United States for itself,
and that the Constitution of the United States,
being so adopted, has become the constitution of
each particular State. Yet he seems not to have
borne in mind that that very fact upsets his whole j
theory. Sir, the Constitution of the United States
is not to-day binding in the State of Virginia, or ;
in any other State of this Union, or else the doc- ;
trine is erroneous that it requires the people in |
their primary capacity to ratii'y it. Why, sir, the j
Constitution of the United States was framed by ;
a convention and ratified by conventions and Le- J
gislatures in the several States; not in any one case j
was it referred to a direct vote of what Mr. Walker j
calls the sovereign people.
Sir, to declare war and to make peace—are they :
not acts of sovereignty? And are they not done ]
by representative agencies ? Why may not a con- j
stitution be formed in like manner? Mr. Chair- ;
I man, a great dcjl of confusion exists m the public
j mind in relation to the question, who are the peo-
! pie in whom the sovereignty resides? I accord
j with the doctrine of Robert J. Walker, and say
it resides in the masses. Every man and every
citizen who has rights and power in the commu-
I nity is a part of the sovereign mass. AH of the
| citizens together constitute the original fountain
1 and source of all power in a community. They
! are the sovereignly. Now, sir, if sovereignty is a
i unit and indivisible, the whole sovereign mass
I must act together. If one citizen be wanting, the
' unity is broken and the sovereignty destroyed.
\ It is clear, then, that if sovereignty resides in the
! mass, and is indivisible, it cannot be carried out
into acts without a medium, an organism, or a rep-
resentative agency, as the free nund cannot act
except through the agency of the body. This re-
sults from the fact that it is impossible ever to get
all the citizens together in consentaneous action.
If this sovereignty is a unit, can a majority exer-
cise that sovereignty ; Those who do not act with
the majority have a part of the sovereignty in
themselves,"and their dissent breaks tho unity.
I wish now to inquire upon what principle the
majority acts for a community, and what results
from that fact? I say that the majority does not
act for the community upon any principle of nat-
ural right. Let us suppose that the whole frame-
work of Government could by some mighty con-
vulsion be struck from existence in any State of
the Union: what would follow ? A primary
meeting of the people would be held, to put into
operation some rude structuie of government.
Would all the people assemble? By no means.
That is always impossible. A great many would
stay away, and those who stayed away would
have a part of the sovereignty in themselves. But
according to the principle declared by Governor
Walker, those who came would be the represent-
atives of those who stayed away. Each man
who should attend the primary meeting would
represent his absent neighbor and family; and,
upon the principle of representation, that primary
meeting could act for the whole. If the commu-
nity left without government should consist of
one hundred thousand people, not more than
eighty thousand could assemble in primary meet-
ing. How would they act? The eighty thou-
sand would not agree upon all questions, or per-
haps upon any question; and from necessity, a
majority would control their decisions, unles adu-
i ferent rule were agreed on. Then forty-one thou-
sand, being the majority of the eighty thousand,
would speak for the whole, community. Upon
what principle of natural right or undivided sover-
eignty, I ask, can forty-one thousand declare the
opinion of onehundredthousand ? Again, take the
case of the voters of a community. Upon what
principle do they act for the whole? Are they the
sovereign mass' Jj>To, sir, by no means. Take the
case of Kansas itself; and allowing that there are
one hundred thousand peoplein that territory, then
say that the constitution is to be submitted to th?
votei s. A ccordi tig to statistics, the number of votes
would be about one fifth of the entire mass. Take
the census of 1840 or 1850, and then the vote at the
intervening and succeeding presidential election,
and you will find that the votes are rarely, if ever,
more than one fifth of the entire number of the
people. Then if there were one hundred thousand
people in Kansas, the number of voters might
have been as high as twenty thousand. Of that
twenty thousand, a majority would control, and
eleven thousand would constitute that majority.
Now, I ask, upon what principle of natural right,
or of indivisible sovereignty, can eleven thousand
voters declare the voice of one hundred thousand
people? They are tho organism or representative
agency merely, through which the whole body
speaks, just as a convention is the mouth-pieci
of the people.
Chief Justice Taney, in giving the opinion of
the court in the Dred Scott case, says:
" Undoubtedly, a person may be a citizen—that is amom-
ber of the community who foi'm the sovereignty—although
he exeicUes no sham of the political power, and is incapaci-
tated from holding particular offices. Women and minoia,
who form a pait of the political family, ennnot vote ; and
when a property qualification is required to vote or hold a
paiticular office, those who have not the necessary qualifi-
cations cannot vote 01 hold the office, yetthev are citizens "
There' are a number of the citizens in every
community who constitute a part of the body
politic, who have a portion of the sovereignty in
themselves, but who are not allowed to vote. The
voters, then, only represent the people. They are
not, in fact, the sovereign people. So I show the
universality of the representative principle. A -
primary meeting, as usually constituted, is a
representative agency. A convention is a repre-
sentative agency. The voters are a represent-
ative agency, and any question between them is
a question between different representative agen-
cies. Each one speaks the voice of the people in
its sphere, just as the agent when acting within
his power speaks the voice of his principal. Talk
about appealing from the convention to the sov-
ereign people I I say, if you appeal to the voters,
you°only appeal from one representation to an-
other representation. Perhaps broader, perhaps
j better, but still a representative agency. You
! deny the voico of one organism through which
the people speak, and take the voice of another
I organism. When there is no law to determine
; who shall declare the voice of the people, thepeo-
j pie are a law unto themselves, and necessity and
\ circumstances determine. When you have an
; organized society, the law declares who shall
speak for the people in each particular casev
Now, apply these principles to the case of Kan-
sas. Who was authorized to speak the voice of
i the people of Kansas in relation to the constitu-
1 tion ? The convention, and the convention only,
i Sir, the convention was the organism through
| which sovereignty spoke. Its voice was the voice V
| of the people. The Constitution of the United
; States, framed, as I have said, by a convention,
and ratified in each State by a convention, never-
I theless announces itself as the act of the people.
1 In its preamble it says: " We, the people of the
United States, &c., &c., do ordain and establish
this Constitution." So in Kansas, the convention
was merely the mouth through which the people
were presumed in law to speak. ^ The constitu-
tion adopted by them was, therefore, the act of
l the people. You may think that another agency
: would have been better, but you cannot properly
' interfere, for this.is that which was spoken when
we said that we would " leave the people thereof
(of Kansas) perfectly free to form and regulate
their domestic institutions in their own way.
1 have not undertaken to inquire whether the
Legislature which called this convention was a
legally-authorized Legislature. I do not think it
necessary to stop to aigue that question. I uo
not believe any lawyer in this House will, upon
legal principles, deny the proposition, rhougll
