996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
the first Legislature may have been elected ori-
ginally by fraud, it was the government de facto,
and was never set aside by any competent author-
ity. We are bound to recognize its acts. The
whole jurisprudence of Kansas rests upon the
legality of the two last Legislatures—the one of
which took the sense of the people whether there
should be a convention, and tjie other of which
passed the law calling the convention. Mr. Walker
himself told them that all the usages and rights of
"the people of Kansas hung upon the legality of
the Legislature of Kansas. He says:
" If that "Legislature was invalid, then we are without
law or order in Kansas—without town, city, or county or-
ganization ; aii legal and judicial transactions are void; ail
titles null, and auaichy reigns throughout our borders."
Permit me to illustrate this matter. You re-
member that a great complaint was made in regard
to an election m a sister State not long ago. I am
not here, upon this occasion, to decide whether
those complaints were well or ill-founded. I can
make any supposition I please by way of anal-
ogy. Let me say, then, for the sake of the argu-
ment, that the vote in the city of Baltimore was
illegal,and that the vote of that city controlled
the gubernatorial election, and the election of
members of the Legislature enough to control the
complexion of that body. Will gentlemen say
that because that is so, the present Legislature of
Maryland has no authority in the State, and that
its acts are null and void ? That body is the Le-
fislature of Maryland. The Legislature which i
as the forms is the Legislature which has the !
power.
So it is in Kansas. Its Legislature passed a law
which is admitted tin all sides to be a fair law,
for the assembling of a convention. Gentlemen
contend that there has been a radical defect in the
manner in which this law was carried out. Why,
Mr. Chairman, I think that objection has already
been very fully answered, and I shall occupy but
little time upon it. It is a legal principle in law,
which all these gentlemen around me undeistand,
that nobody can take advantage of his own wrong,
or of his own laches. If the law passed by the
Legislature of Kansas for the assembling of that
convention had not enabled them to have had a
fair election, by which they could send up dele-
gates who reflected the voice of the people, I say
there might be something in the objection. But
the law was sufficient. It was the fault of the
people themselves if they were excluded; and that
I will prove by the record. I say, if the people
themselves had a chance to be represented in the
convention, and would not be represented, it is too
late for them to come now and complain; they
cannot take advantage of their own laches. Here
is what Mr. Stanton said in his message to the
Legislature of Kansas at its called session on the
8th of December, 1857:
"The census therein provided for was imperfectly ob-
tained from an unwilling people, in nineteen counties of
the Territory ; while, in the remaining counties, being also
nineteen m number, from various causes, no attempt was
made to comply witli the law. In some instances, people
and officers were alike averse to the proceeding; lnotheis,
the officers neglected or refused to act; and 111 some theie
was hut a small population, and no efficient organization ■
enabling the people to have a representation in the eonven • !
tion." j
He declares here that the " people and officers i
were, in some cases, alike averse to the proceed- '
ing;" yet these people, or their friends, now com-
plain.
But Mr. Stanton gives a fuller explanation of
this matter in a speech recently delivered in New
York. There he says:
"Well, now, gentlemen, shortly after I arrived m the
Territory the pioee^s of taking the census was completed,
and the returns were made by the sheriffs of the duieient !
counties to the probate judges of those counties, m oidei
that the census returns might be eoi reefed. That law which
had been passed at the pievious session of the Legislature |
of the Territory had provided that every votei in the Tern- :
tory should be registered, and no man should be entitled to !
vote for delegates to the convention unless lie was regis-
tered. Going through the Territory. I heard, on all sides, !
charges of great wiong and injustice; I lieard the great
mass of the people proclaiming that the offieeis of the Ter- i
ntory had utteily disregarded right and justice m the per- j
formanee ot this duly; in fact, they had not performed the i
duty at all. They said m many instances men of high char-
acter, residents of long standing, men whose residence :
could not possibly have been unknown to the officers, had !
been left off the register. I said to them, Gentlemen, you
might have gone to the probate judges, and had those names i
put on the lists. But they said it was not their duly to §•<>, j
it was the duty of the officers to register their names. Xow .
2i83s1.,ls3 tor any of us 10 d'^uise the tiuth. The great {
Hf&ss of the free-State people didn'fcarea fig whether1
names were registered or not. They were opposed to the
convention; they were opposed to all the laws, and all the
proceedings under it."
The law ordered the sheriff in the month of
March to make a census and registry, but to pro-
vide against any defect in the action of the sheriff
it directs that the probate judges should afterwards
sit and hear applications for a correction of the
sheriffs5 lists. Mr. Stanton, it appears, advised
those that complained to go to these probate
judges, but they refused, saying it was not their
duty to go. If they might have gone and done
themselves justice and refused to do it, I say it is
altogether too late for them to come now and com-
plain. But, sir, this is a most mysterious sub-
ject; there is much mist and confusion about
it. Mr. Stanton says the number of counties de-
prived of representation in the convention was
nineteen, while GovernorWalker says there were
fifteen. But look, if you please, and see what
those gentlemen thought of it before the late sin-
gular turn in their political fortunes. Remember
that this act for the taking of the census was passed ,
long before Mr. Walker was appointed Governor
of Kansas. The census was to be taken between '
the first and last of March; the probate judges
were to sit from the 10th of April till the 1st of
May; to make corrections in the sheriffs' lists, and j
the election was to take place in June. Now, Mr. !
Walker reached Lecompton on the 2oth of May.
At that time the whole matter was completed, and
if there had been wrong done, it had been done
before that, and he should have known it. Mr.
Stanton was his avant courier—the John that ;
went before to make his path straight. He had
been in the Territory a considerable time, and
according to his own account had received in-
formation on this subject, and doubtless commu-
nicated it. It cannot be presumed that Governor
Walker failed to confer freely with him. What
did he say on the 27th of May, in his inaugural,
about the people being excluded from voting, and
counties being disfranchised? Did he say, then,
that there was any cause in existence that would
prevent the people from voting for representatives
m the convention? Here is what he said:
I .see m this act calling the convention no improper or
unconstitutional restrictions upon the right of suffrage. I
see in it no te&t oath or other similar provision1* objected to
iri relation to previous laws, buteleaiiy repealed, as lepug-
riant to the piovkions of this act, so far as regards the elec-
tion of delegates to this convention. It is said thai a fair
and full vote will not be taken. Who can safely pi edict
such a result? Nor is it ju^t for a majority, as they allege, ,
to throw the power into the hands of a inmonty, from a !
mere apprehension (I tiust entirely unfounded) that they i
will not be permitted to exeici&e the uylit ot suftiage." j
He believed then, it appears, that there might :
be a full and fair vote,and urged the people to make ■
the experiment. Then, sir, on the 27th of May, i
long after these errors wore committed, (if they i
were committed at all,) Mr. Walker believed that ;
no cause existed which should prevent a fair and
full vote, according to his own inaugural. I say, j
then, that the legality of the Legislature is to be '
considered incontestable; and the law passed by :
that body for a convention being a fair law, under
which no man was prevented from voting except
by his own fault or neglect, and the voters having
previously ordered a convention, that convention
is a fair mouth-piece for the people in its own prop- :
er sphere. What was that sphere? It was to make ; j
and proclaim a constitution. So I think the law n
of its formation shows. It was the mouth-piece :
of the people in this respect, and the people spoke d
through it. It had the right, so far as Kansas was
concerned, to proclaim the constitution, and did
proclaim the constitution. I have seen it argued it
that they had the right to proclaim theconstitution, :
but chose to submit it, and did not submit it fairly ;|
for ratification. Though I have seen great names ii
vouching for this idea, though I have seen it held 'i
forth fiom the capitols of States and from the Cap- 'i
itol of this Union, yet, in my humble judgment, !j
it hardly rises to the dignity of special pleading. '
It seems rather to be the merest quibble, sir. Did 1
not the convention proclaim the constitution ? Did "
they not say in the seventh section of their sched-
ule: " This constitution shall be submitted to the ,
Congress of the United States at its next ensuino- lj
session.'" Were there any terms or conditions ■
on which the constitution was not to come here 1
for acceptance? None whatever. That was acer- '
tain and fixed fact, with which nothing should in- i
terfere. The constitution, then, so far as Kansas u
was concerned, was a thing accomplished, except
as to one single clause upon which a vote was to
betaken. When they talkaboutsubmittingitfor
ratification or rejection, they always say, by way
of qualification, " as follows, "or " in the Allow-
ing manner or form," &c., under which phrase
the extent of submission is always explained.
They may not have used the most elegant jjlnuse-
ology; they may not have used the language best
adapted to convey their ideas; but to say, because
of this awkward phraseology, that they did not
proclaim the constitution, but did actually submit
it, seems to resemble very much the course of the
young practitioner at the bar who demurs to a
declaration on the ground that some word is soelt
badly or that some phrase is ungrammatical. It is
what is sometimes called pettifogging. The con-
stitution being proclaimed, it was to be consid-
ered the aet of the State of Kansas, and could not
afterwards be affected by the action of the votei s
of the Territory; because you are to consider the
thing in the relation in which it will stand when
the constitution is admitted. Theactof admission
will relate back and raise the act of adoption to
the dignity of sovereignty. It is to be considered
as having been a State at that time. This is
always the operation of the act of admission.
Congress can only admit States, not Territories.
States only can form constitutions, not Territories.
The Territory declares its independence and as-
serts its sovereignty as a State, and Congress, by
admission, recognizes its claim. This is the mode
in which many, if not all, the new States have
come into the Union. If, then, you would try
the question whether this is the constitution of
Kansas or not, you must try it by legal testimony
as you would try the question as a juror whether
a prisoner were guilty or not guilty. If the legal
testimony acquitted, and you from some hearuay
rumors should find the accused guilty, you would
commit a great outrage. So here; if the legal evi-
dence, which is the voice of the people speaking
through the convention, says that this is thecon-
stitution of Kansas, you have no right to look
elsewhere for proof. All else is illegal testimony.
The voters are notauthorized to annul the former
action of the people in this particular.
_ Gentlemen may say that this is a legal and tech-
nical view of the question. All I have to say about
that is, that if we have the law upon our side, how
can the other side come and ask for equity ? He
who asks equity must do equity. He who comes
into court in such a capacity must come with clean
hands. In what condition do the Topekaites come
before us to make complaint? The last President,
the present President of the United States. Gov-
ernor Walker himself, all have said that these men
come not with clean hands. It is proclaimed on
I all sides that they were combining and consorting
; together to overthrow the existing government;
j that they were guilty of moral treason, of stdi-
I tion, of everything except actual treason; and for
j them to come now and ask equity against those
j who have the law upon their side, is, it seems to
i me, making a most unheard of demand. When
an alien comes here, you do not allow him to \ote
: till he has renounced his allegiance to his own
j Government, and proclaimed his allegiance to this,
because you have not evidence of his attachment
; to this Government. We require a Citizen of
another State to remain some time in our own
State, in order to give evidence of attachment to
our institutions. These men have heretofore not
only given no evidence of attachment to the insti-
tutions of Kansas, but every evidence of malig-
nant hate. Let GoveinorWalker tell their spnit
and temper. In his proclamation to the people
of Lawrence, he says:
'• Permit me to call your attention, as ttiil elaimir.i to ho
citizen? ot the United State-*, to the result? of \our nnohi-
tionaiy pioeeedin^s. You are inaii^uratint; rebellion >fl
revolution; you nre disregarding Ihe law- o! I 'on  and
ot the teintnrial jtove i nnient, and ricfyins; then authi.ntv ;
you aie conspiring lo overihiow the Government or' the.
o mteti^ States in this'J'erntoiy. Your purpose, u eailie,!
into efieet m the mode designated by you. by pliui'u, v :ir
laws foreiblv into execution, would involve ynu m ihr ■ .;;;
and crime ot treason. You f-tand now, fellow-cilizens, n;. .it
the hunk ot an aivtul precipice, and it becomes iiiydu:; to
warn jou ere you take the fatal leap into Hie mil, b<iw\v.
It your pioeeedinss aie not arrested, you will ncec-aiily
destroy tile peace of this Tei-ntorv, and involve it in ;iii sWi
noriois oi eivii war. i warn you,"then, hemic it h ioo
late, to recede fiom lite penlous position in which sou now
stand."
_ And these are the men who ask for a relaxa-
tion of law in their behalf!
I intended to have said a few words further in
