998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States." Those who claim that, under
this clause, the Legislature has authority to create
a convention clothed with power to form a con-
stitution and State government, claim for the Le-
gislature nothing less than power unlimited save
by the Constitution of the United States, and tor-
get that by a subsequent section the power of the
same Legislature is restricted to consistency with
the organic act precisely as it is to the Constitu-
tion. If the Legislature has power, under this
clause, to initiate a State government subverting
the organic act itself, then it would have author-
ity, under the same clause, to provide for the elec-
tion of a territorial Governor by the people, or to
dispense with the presence of such a functionary
altogether, or any of his official duties like the
approval of an act of the Legislature. All this
would be " their own way" of doing business,
and would certainly be no more subversive of the
organic act than the formation of an entirely new
government. Does any one claim that if the Ter-
ritorial Legislature of Kansas should declare that
its acts should be valid without the approval of
the Governor, or a vote of two thirds, such acts
would be of any binding force? And why not?
That would be " their own way." The answer
is, that the organic act has taken this power away
from the Legislature, and clothed the Governor
with a veto upon all their acts, to bo overridden
only by a vote of two thirds. So, too, has it
taken away, or, rather, never granted, the power
to make a constitution. If the organic act has
created a Legislature supreme over itself, it is a j
felo de se. It was but at the beginning of this ses- ]
sion, and an his annual message, that the Presi- j
dent himself claimed that the full intent and force !
of this clause was exhausted by an offer to the
people of a vote upon the question of siavery
merely, without, at that time, the slightest pre-
tense that it had the force of an enabling act.
Whatever else, after all, may be" the irue intent
and meaning" of this elapse of the organic law
which has so puzzled the brains of politicians, it
was never intended to make the Legislature " per-
fectly free;',' for the power of that body is limited
elsewhere, in express terms. And the perfect
freedom here created is for " the people thereof;"
not in or through their Legislature, which by the
same law is not perfectly free, but limited and re-
stricted. If, therefore, the Lecompton convention
gets legal existence and lawful authority from this
clause, it isnot through the limited powers of the
Legislature which created it, and the forms of
their law which they had no power to enact, but
through that perfect freedom of "the people
thereof," outside of and above any territorial en-
actment, which has been vouchsafed to that peo-
ple by this clause of the organic act. And thus
Lecompton, like Topcka, is driven, for its author-
ity to make a constitution, to the people, outside
of territorial enactment. In this particular, these
two constitutions take their stand side by side.
If the one be "rebellious," "revolutionary,"
" treasonable," so is the other Under and by
virtue of any authority imparted to either by the
organic act, or any of its agencies, they must stand
or fall together. They are both nothing more nor
less than manifestations to some extent—what
that extent, as to each, may be, I shall inquire
hereafter; but to some extent—of the popular will
in the Territory, permitted by the organic act, as
everywhere else under our free institutions, so
long as they do not assume the functions of gov-
ernment in subversion of established laws.
1 have inquired, not whether this constitution
comes here under the forms of law, but, rather,
whether it is here clothed with the majesty and
authority of law. 1 do not question any man's
power to use the forms of law; but they are empty
words, a dead letter, until the constituted author-
ities, with creative power, breathe into them the
breath of life. The Kansas Legislature, as well as
an individual, may put upon paper what it pleases;
but whatever of its decrees conflict with the or-
ganic act, fall siiil-born; for it is forbidden by the
hand that created it from impairing one jot or tittle
of that charter. Nor do I question that the people
of Kans-ts may form a State constitution without
farther legislation by Congress, and be admitted
into the Union u rider it, if that constitution shall be
'• the bcnse of the people to be affected by it;" but
not by meanj of any enactment of the Territorial
• Legislature having any force as law, for the Le-
gislature is forbidden to speak authoritatively on
that subject. The conclusion, therefore, is inev-
itable, that just so far as the Lecompton constitu-
tion claimed from legislative enactment authority
to form a State constitution, just so far it is with-
out foundation. The attempt, therefore, in the
message to commend the Lecompton constitution
as the creature of law, and as an emanation from
the lawful authority ofthe Territory, utterly fails;
and the hideous deformities of that instrument
stand forth in their nakedness, uncloaked and
unsupported by legal sanction. The law, thank
God, has as yet refused to lend its instrumentality
to this work—lias, as yet, given no aid or com-
fort to this undertaking; and it must stand, if at
ail, on some other foundation.
But, sir, I have not quite done with this point.
If further argument were necessary to show the
utter failure of the attempt on the part of the Pres-
ident to bolster up this sickly instrument with
legal sanction, it is furnished us in the means to
which he resorts to maintain his position. An
honest argument is based upon an honest founda-
tion. Reason and logic, as well as honesty, hold
us to the truth just so long as the truth will serve
our purposes; and when we turn our footsteps
aside from her rugged pathway, we make procla-
mation to the woild that we cannot reach our
journey'send under her guidance. Now, by what
process does the President undertake to convince
us and the country that the Kansas-Nebraska
act authorized the Legislature of Kansas to create
the Lecompton convention clothed with power to
frame a constitution and State government ? Here
are his words in quoting from that law to sustain
his position:
" That this law recognized the right of the people of the
Territory, without any enabiinit act lroni Congiess, to form
a State constitution, is too cioar for argument. For Con-
gress ' to leave thy people of liie Turitoiy peifectly free/m
training their constitution,£ to fortn and regulate their do-
mestic institutions m their own wav, subject only to the
Constitution ol the United States,' and then to say that they
shall not be permitted to proceed and frame a constitution
m their own way without an express authority fiom Con-
gress, appears to be almost a eontiacliction 111 terms.''
Now, I agree with the President, that there ap-
pears in this paragraph, as thus quoted, " almost
a contradiction in terms." But something else
appears in this paragraph, less excusable than a
contradiction in terms—and that is an interpola-
tion into the organic act. The words, " in fram-
ing their constitution," which I have quoted from
this message, are not to be found in the Kansas-
Nebraska act, and have been here foisted in be-
tween the words of that act by the President him-
self. I will not stop to characterize such a pro-
ceeding in the terms which honesty and truth and
justice demand—fori have to do, at this moment,
merely with the legal argument of the President.
And 1 say that the necessity of that argument re-
quired that something for its support should be
put into the organic act not there before. Such a
reading, unparalleled as it is in the history of offi-
cial communications to Congress, would never
have been resorted to but from the conviction of
its author that there was nothing in the text with-
out it to support the assumption of the message.
It is a proclamation, made in the fore-front of that
remarkable document, that it cannot stand upon
the statute as it is. I summon the President him-
self upon the stand, and in this communication,
which he has made to us, I produce his confession
that he can find no law of the land upon which,
as it is upon the statute-book,can this Lecompton
constitution be maintained.
And now, sir, I pass to the second subject of
inquiry. If, then, the Lecompton constitution does
not come here recommended by the authority of
law, I desire to know whether it conies here as
the choice of the majority of the people of that
ill-fated, Territory ? I desire to know if the want
of legal authority to frame this constitution is
cured, as it may be, by the fact that it is the voice
of the people whose rights it assumes to regulate
and control ? Or, whether we are not called upon
to force upon an unwilling, a protesting, and re-
sisting people, a frame of government founded
neither upon the law under which they live, nor
\ the will of those on whom it lays its fetters ?
This is a question of fact, and must depend
■ upon the testimony. It is a question, too, which
I underlies all the others. To every one who be-
| heves that all governments derive their just au-
1 tliority from tno consent of the governed, no
question can be raised in this controversy of
greater magnitude than whether the frame of gov-
ernment about to be fastened upon the people of
Kansas has their assent, and embodies their will.
AH informalities may be waived, if it be but the
people that speak. Compared with this ques-
tion, it matters little where this constitution ori-
ginated—whether in the city of Washington or
in the office of the surveyor-general of Kansas.
But it does matter, unless we care to forego and
forget the fundamental principle of all free gov-
ernment,-whether the people of Kansas, who are
to live under this constitution, desire it or not.
One would suppose that, before recommending
the admission of Kansas under and subjcct to this
constitution, the Executive would have spared no
pains, nor omitted any effort, to have made cer-
tain, and communicated to this House, the one
grand transcendent fact, before which all oppo-
| sition should have paled and cowered—that the
people of the Territory desire to take upon them-
selves this as their organic law. Yet, sir, when
we turn to the message for information upon this
point, we find that the President has none to give.
There is a great deal else in that document, but
not one word on the question whether the people
of Kansas leally do or do not want this govern-
ment. There is much special pleading in it as to
how a people may seem to want what they really
do not want—how they may be estopped from
I saying what they do want, and as to whose fault
i it is that this or that has been done, or has not
j been done; but not one word, from the beginning
I to the end of the message, which would indicate the
| President's own opinion upon this, the one great
| fundamental question in the controversy, whether
: the pesple of Kansas themselves have breathed
the breath of life into this instrument—whether
it stands forth clothed with the popular will,
quickened by the pulsations of the popular heart,
and speaking the popular voice. Nor has the
President lifted his finger to ascertain from Kan-
sas what is the popular will, tie has communi-
cated to the call of the Senate his correspondence
with the Governors of that Territory, and the
orders and instructions which have been issued to
! them. And there is not to be found among them
! all the desire expressed, on his part, to know what
: is the real popular will in that Territory in reier-
| ence to this instrument. In communicating this
, constitution to us, with his recommendation that
; Kansas be admitted under and subject to it, he
| nowhere tells us that it is an emanation of'trie
i popular will, or that it is submitted to us m obe-
'■ dience to that will. On the contrary, he says he
i has received it from John Calhoun, and that John
| Calhoun hopes he will submit it to us. Here is
I his compliance with Calhoun's request:
I " I have received from J. C;Hhoun, Esq., President of the
late constitutional convention of Kansas, a copy, duly eer-
ii titled by himself, of the constitution framed by that body,
I with the expression of a hope that I would submit the ,-anie
II to the consideration of Congress ' with the view ot'tiie rd-
1 mission of Kansas into the Union as an independent State.'"
] It is fit that such a man should be the bearer of
i such an instrument. " Fithead forfitbody." The
j man who has been compelled to flee from the just
! indignation of the people he is betraying, guarded
J by United States dragoons; the man who dare not
| to-day show his head an hour in that Territory,
1 except it be within a hollow square of soldiers,
! comes as near as any one man can of personify-
| ing the true relation between the people of Kan-
i sas and that constitution. They hate him as the
1 chiefinstrument chosen by their oppressors to do
j their work, and they detest and loathe and hats
i this, the workmanship of his hands. Now, is it
1 not a little remarkable that the Chief Magistrate
| of a people which achieved its national existence
i ill the assertion of the principle that all authority
] over freemen obtains its life from the consent of
| the governed, should have had his mind so turned
| away from this, the true issue, as not even to
j have raised the inquiry, whether the people who
I are to live under this constitution do themselves
1 actually choose it or not? Is it not stranger still
I that the ear of the President has become so dull
j to the key-note of that grand old anthem sung m
! Independence Hall, that he has never heard that
j while we have been discussing this subject in this
j body, the freemen of Kansas have walked up to
I the ballot-box, ten thousand strong, and set the
i seal of their condemnation upon the very instru-
ment he is urging us to impose upon the necks of
I: the very people who have thus rejected it with
