1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Pf@r
scorn and contempt? I cannot atop to critici.se the
President's excuse for not having heard of this
judgment entered up against the Lecompton con-
stitution—that he " had received no official inform-
ation" of it; nor to reconcile that excuse with
what he does communicate that he has heard,
transpiring at the same election: of a large ma-
jority of the opponents of this constitution voting
under it for State officers. Can he not hear of the
one vote, as well as the other, happening on the
same day ? If he have any other ears than official
ones, it may well be asked why they have not
caught the thunder tones of the ten thousand ma-
jority against the Lecompton constitution, as well
as the insignificant inconsistency with which he
has troubled himself of free-State men at that
same election, in voting first against the consti-
tution, and then for officers under it. If this can
reach him from unofficial sources, has he no ears
to hear that other solemn, all-controlling adjudi-
cation of the whole people against this instru-
ment?
But another chapter in this history here opens,
as marvelous as any which have preceded it, and
in perfect keeping with them all. In the profound
silence of the message upon the expressed will of
the people, in the strange revelations of the ex-
ecutive documents that not a finger has been
raised nor an ear opened to learn that will; and
in the presence of that other fact, which has trav-
eled here without executive aid, and in spite of
executive documents piled up to wall it out, that
the people have written on that instrument in
letters which will burn through it that by ten
thousand majority they have registered their vow
that they will never submit to it; and have driven
the guilty perpetrators of this outrage upon their
rights in ignominious flight from their borders;
amid all these facts, and allegations more serious,
the friends of the Administration rush to the aid
of the Executive in attempting to stifle all inquh y ]
as to what all these things mean; and whether we
are not called upon to fasten, by the strong arm !
of power, a constitution which they loathe and j
bate, upon a people who have a sacred right them-
selves to make the law they are called upon to
obey. There was a time when the Representatives
of the people would have been as sensitive to such |
a touch as the apple of the eye. Now they are j
quick only to conceal it. But no subterfuge can |
change or blot out these facts. The solemn judg- |
ment of the people of Kansas is written on this i
constitution, and will be known and read of all j
men. We may wrangle as long as we please, ;
with dictionaries and tomes at our elbow, as to the ;
effect of this vote upon the legality of the consti-
tution; but the proposition ihat the Legislature
of Kansas cannot provide for " taking the sense
of the people" upon that instrument, and that that
sense when taken cannot be known, has neither j
foundation in law nor common sense. The con- [
stiiution may, nevertheless, stand. So will the j
" sense of the people" stand, and it will be known i
as the sense of the people: Whatever investiga- !
tionyou may resist or stifle here, it will in no way
alter or wipe out these truths. This charge of j
attempting to force, at the point of the^ bayonet, j
a constitution upon an unwilling people is branded i
upon your brow, and the blood spilt in the work *
will be found on your hands. It will be of very j
little use for you to cry, I
" Out,damned spot!" j
The potency of that party Shibboleth—Democ- j
racy—may be again,for the thousandth time,in- i
voked; the cry of popular sovereignty may be
unceasingly rung; but the truth will remain unal-
tered, that, in the name of all these, liberty has
been trampled in the dust, and fetters forged for j
her unwilling limbs. In olden time, the philos- ;
ophcr was persecuted and beaten and cast into ,
prison till he was compelled to* deny himself; but j
"the earth moved on, nevertheless, and the great j
truths he had enunciated took upon themselves
immortality, regardless of his own puny efforts
to call them back. There is an immortality of
infamy as well as of glory. No matter by what
party thumbscrew you may subject the refrac-
tory, or by what arts you may ply the suple, till,
by your votes, the record shall show no evidence
of the foul wrong within this Hall; still it will
work no change 011 these truths, and the outrage
remains, nevertheless, bald and naked, never to
pass out of s^ght till avenged or redressed.
This very attempt to stifle investigation and
choke inquiry, is itself a confession. It is not j
because investigation will refute, but because it 1
will sustain, these charges, that it is resisted. !
The reason why men love darkness rather than ,
light is made no more certain by the pen of in- I
spiration than by the course of the Admimstra- j
tK>n upon this question. The very message under j
consideration contains ample proof, not only in j
what it takes vain care to conceal, but also in what j
it makes haste to communicate, of the truth of,
the charge of attempting, through the Lecompton |
constitution, to crush out popular sovereignty and
the right of self-government in Kansas, which is
now laid at the door of this Administration. The
President cannot state his case but he states him-
self out of court. When he tells us that the people
of Kansas are in a state of rebellion, and acknowl-
edges the difficulty of making the American peo- j
pie realize the fact, attributing it to a great delu- !
sion, let him show what the people of Kansas !
h^ve to rebel against, if they have been left " per- \
fectly free to form their own institutions m their
own way," and he will remove the delusion.
Men do not rebel against themselves, nor the
work of their own hands. When he tells us that 1
the established order of things in Kansas " would |
have been long since subverted" by any portion
of the people sufficient to subvert it, had it not
been protected by United States bayonets, he pro-
claims, in the same sentence, that the power which
created, as well as the power which sustains, that j
order of things, never emanated from the people
of Kansas. For men do not pillage, nor pollute,
nor pull down the temple of their own rearing.
When he announces that a form of government,
twice ratified by the people,'' is in direct opposition
to the existing government,"and that it requires,
to keep it down, the constant presence of United
States dragoons in a Territory " left perfectly j
free" to manage its own affairs in its own way, ;
he confesses, in the same breath, that the stand- j
ing Army has been used to crush out the exercise 1
of that right of self-government, the struggle to
achieve which commenced in blood at Concord,
and ended in triumph at Yorktown. Why is it
that this home Government of ours does not re-
quire the constant presence of a standing Army
to preserve and protect it? Why is it not neces-
sary for the Chief Magistrate of the nation, when .
he goes forth upon the avenue, to surround him- 1
self with gensd armes, bristling with steel, to pro- j
tect and rescue him from the deadly missives of ,
the populace ? Why is it that the approaches to
this Hall are not guarded by soldiers, between •
whose bayonets we might march in and out from
our deliberations here, shielded trom the passions
of men without? Why is it that the judiciary, 1
from the highest tribunal at the Capitol to the j
humblest magistrate in the remotest hamlet, sits 1
secure in the seat of justice, calmly deliberating
and fearlessly pronouncing decrees to which all
the people bow in silence ? Why is it that a stand- ,
ing Army, equal in numbers and power to the ,
extent and greatness of this Government, is not ,
spread over the land, from this center to the outer- !
most borders, to uphold, by its strong arm, the ,
authority of law, and 10 awe, by its imposing pres-
ence, the people into submission? The answer to
all this is apparent; and I invoke its application
to Kansas. The strength of this Government is
in the consent of the governed. Withoutthisall-
pervading element it could not survive an hour.
The fair fabric would tumble in ruins over our
heads, and the bonds which bind us together
would part like smoking flax. No matter in wlmt
garb this constitution comes here, nor from what
authority it professes to emanate, if it requires the
continual presence of the Army to preserve ^and
protect that authority among the people of Kan-
sas; then, I say, it never came from that people.
When, therefore, the President declares, in this
message, that the Army is necessary to maintain
thatauthomy, he confesses that the people never
breathed into it the breath of life, and the world
will enter up judgment upon that confession.
The Lecompton constitution, therefore, comes
to us without the sanction of legal authority; and
equally without that other sanction—the will of
the people—which, under the circumstances, is
higher and more sacred than all the forms of law.
Without this seal, I cannot take it; without this
baptism, I can hold no communion with it; and
without this anointing, I eschew it. ,
Now, sir, the real reason why this constitution
is thus urged upon us is just as manifest as the
falsity of the pretended one. It banishes free in-
stitutions and forever fastens slavery upon that
virgin soil. No man who has eyes to see, or ears
to hear, need fail to understand whether it be to
justify or to condemn. No man can longer doubt,
but at the expense of his common sense. I can
understand and appreciate the zeal of southern
men for the consummation of this work. It is
the legitimate fruit of slavery. That institution
can bear no better. And when a man has livafi
all his life among slave institutions, and has never
seen the effect of freedom upon the whole man—
physical, intellectual, and moral—never himself
breathed the invigorating atmosphere of free in-
stitutions—I can understandhowsuch a man may
come to actually believe that the forms of " a re-
publican government, surrounded by slave insti-
tutions, would be the highest type of civilization."
And I may respect him for the frankness of the
avowal, ho wever much I may regret the misfortune
of his life which has led to such convictions. I can
even hear from the lips of a man of such an educa-
tion and life [Mr. Shorter] that he has "a sover-
eign con temptfor the memory of the Pilgrim Fath-
ers," with no other emotions than, the one of pity
for him, and the other of gratitude to God, as one
of the descendants of that immortal band, that their
memory does merit the contempt of the lords of
the lash and the founders of a colored aristocracy.
But I fail to comprehend how it is possible for a
man now in the decline of a life which had its
origin in one of the noblest of the free States-—
who was reared under the shadow of free insti-
tutions—has watched their growth in all that
makes a State great and glorious—has witnessed,
under their expanding influence, commonwealths
spring out of the wilderness into the full maturity
of manhood, guarantying to all the people thereof
the God-given rights of freemen, all the branches
of industry taking life and bearing fruit in their
soil, and comfort and competence smiling on every
hearth-stone in all their borders—I say I cannot
understand, it is utterly incomprehensible to me,
how such a man, false to all these noble affinities,
can undertake, from high position and power, to
crush out free institutions, and force in their stead
upon an unwilling and resisting people slavery
with all its attendant train of curses and woes
and misery.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,]
in an effort to turn public attention away from the
astounding doctrines of this message by eloquent
personal eulogy, told us imploringly that the Pres-
ident <( is now upon his political trial." I wish
this were so, and this were all. But, sir, you put
the President on his political trial for years before
you clothed him with power to do this work. And
he long since gave indubitable proof that he could
be trusted for the accomplishment of any work
that slavery should demand at his hand. And
then it was, and not till then, that he was per-
mitted to wear the imperial purple. There is, nev-
ertheless, a trial of quite another sort. More than
one hundred thousand freemen in Kansas, and thp.
institutions under which,they and their children
are to live till the remotest generation, and till mil-
lions shall people that fair land, making it, for good
or for evil, a Power upon the earth, are this day on
their trial. And yet we are told in the message
that this trial is of" not the slightest importance'
to them, and is a " cause, so far as the interests of
Kansas are concerned, more trifling and insignif-
icant than has ever stirred the elements of a great
people into commotion." The answer of the^Pres-
ident, when it is shown that half the counties of
that great Territory have been disfranchised, is
thattbey were only "acomparatively few voters."
And the cool reply from the same high source to
all opposition is, that " the affairs of this Terri-
tory have already engrossed an undue proportion
of public attention; and the people whom this
decision affects are only " a few thousand inhab-
itants of Kansas!"
And in betrayal of this people the message
bids us, who are bound by the high behests of
duty, let the consequences be what they may, to
take counsel of our fears. It tells us'tiiat, unless
we now consummate this outrage which has been
ripening under the fostering care of the Executive
for years, "110 man can foretell the consequen-
ces; " that " agitation upon this dangerous subject
will be renewed in a^more alarming form than it
has ever yet assumed;" that just in proportion as
