1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
this question is insignificant to the few thousand
people of Kansas, who detest this constitution,
" for this very reason "—that is, because it is an
insignificant question—
" The rejection of the constitution will be so much the
more keenly felt by the people of fourteen of the States of j
t!u  Union where slavery is recognized under the Constitu-
tion of the United States."
I wish, in passing, to inquire which of the fif-
teen slave States it is whose people have been
counted out here, and have determined not only
not to dissolve the Union, but not even to " feel
keenly" if this foul scheme shall fail. Perhaps
the Representatives of that State here can inform
the country. And, lastly, we are told by the Pres-
ident, that unless this bald crime against human
rights shall be perpetrated, " dark and ominous
clouds," which he seems to see already "impend-
ing over the Union," are to " become darker and
more ominous than any which have ever yet
threatened the Constitution and the Union." I
do not share these fears of the President. I do
not see these clouds. I shall be slow to believe
that the perpetuity of this Union requires the sanc-
tion of this fraud. But if I did share these fears,
1 should be derclict of duty if I took counsel of
then). If I saw these clouds, I should still find no
justification for the abandonment of right in the
apprehension that else they might break over my
head. This doctrine has been preached to us quite
too often already; it was never sound; and has
begotten many a peril without ever averting a sin-
gle one. It can answer no further ends.
The President's hopes, too, are as vain as his
fears. How empty the expectation that " domes-
tic peace will be the happy consequence of this
admission," or that itli would restore peace and j
quiet to the whole country," or that the troops of j
the United States could then be withdrawn from j
Kansas. Peace comes not of schemes thus found-
ed in wiongand carried out by fraud and force.
Commotion and conflict more terrible than those
which have already shamed and shocked the coun-
try, will be the fruit gathered of such a sowing.
He that "soweth the wind" shall most assuredly
"reap the whirlwind." You may cry peace!
peace ! but to you who daub with this untempeied
mortar there can be no peace.
Docs the President hope, before the bar of inex-
orable justice, to escape the just condemnation of
one who, with full knowledge of fraud, aids in its
consummation—of one who feeds and fattens and
hugs to his bosom the perpetrators of robberies,
of rapes, and of murders, while their hands are
still reeking with crime? He knows the foul
wrongs which gave birth to this constitution, and
the infamous outrages upon which it has fed; and
with full knowledge, by this message he adopts
and makes them ail his own. Thus, voluntarily
taking upon himself the responsibility of all the
black and damning plots and schemes and frauds
and crimes which have brought the Lccompton
constitution here, he goes for tiial before that au-
gust tribunal, the American people, and I patiently
await the verdict.
Mr. KEITT obtained the floor.
Mr. ENGLISH. If the gentleman from South
Carolina yields the floor, I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to have an un-
derstanding of this. There seems to be a great
many speeches on this subject to be got out yet.
Why should we not,as we did last Congress, hold
evening sessions for the purpose of general de-
bate? Jf we do not, we will not be able to adjourn
the scss.on before August.
Mr, DOAVDELL. If the gentleman from South
Carolina does not desire to <ro on this evening,
there are a good many who desire to speak who
would be glad to go on now. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will speak this evening.
Mr. KEITT. I will very cheerfully yield the
floor to the gentleman from Alabama to allow
him to speak, and to any other gentleman who
may desire to speak this evening, if I can have
the privilege of the floor to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to any such
arr«ng *i«em.
Mr. KElTT. The indulgence which I ask, and
which I know has been repeatedly extended to
gentlemen, is this: I do not want to go on to-
night. There are many gentlemen who do wish
10 speak. 1 say, then, that 1 will not asK now
Huxi the committee rise, but am wilhng that the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Dowdell] shall
mal^e his speech to-night, and that I shall be al-
lowed the floor when the committee meet again.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The proposition is a very
reasonable one, and I hope it will be assented to.
Mr. REAGAN. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to any
arrangement. Let us have the speeches regularly,
as usual.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Houston reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and especially House bill No. 6, making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th June, 1859, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask permission of the House
to introduce a bill, of which previous notice has
been given, to provide for erecting a building in
the city of New Albany, in the State of Indiana,
for a post office and custom-house.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past four o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned
till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 9,1858.
Prayer by Rev. William Chauncey Langdon.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented additional evidence in
support of the claim of Eliza G. Townsend to a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions,
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
Minnesota, for the enactment of a lav/ giving each
actual settler a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of land; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FITCH presented the memorial of F. W.
Lander, praying for compensation for a recon-
noissanco made by him of a railroad route from
Puget Sound, via the South Pass, to the Mis-
sissippi river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of James
McCutchen, an invalid pensioner, praying for an
increase of his pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
TEXAS ON KANSAS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I present joint resolutions
of the Legislature ofTexas, in response to the
Governor's message on Kansas affairs; and I ask
that they may be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Joint resolutions in response to the Governor's message on
s Kansas.
I Whereas, there exists, and has existed, a violent determ-
i ination on the paitof a portion of the inhabitants of the
! Teintory of Kansas to exclude, by force, the citizens of
i tlte slaveho'dmg States from a just, equal, and peaceful
| participation in Use u*e and enjoyment of the common prop-
, eriy and territory of the members of the Confederacy; and
t whereas, this determination, owing to the state of political
1 feeling in the northern States of the Confederacy, operating
! upon the Federal Government, may become effectual and
i the exclusion perpetual: Therefore,
| 1. Be. it resolved by the Legislature of the State of Texas,
i That the Governor of this State is hereby authonzed to order
! an election for seven delegates, to meet delegates appointed
1 by the other southern States in convention, whenever the
Executives of a majouty of the slaveholdmg States shall
express the opinion that such convention is necessary to
preserve the equal iignts. of such States in the Union, and
i advise the Governor of this State that measures have been
; taken lor the appointment of delegates to meet those of
■ Texas. And that the sum of $-iO,000, or so much thereof
, as is necessary, be, and the same is heieby, appiopnated
| out of any money m the tieasury not otherwise appropriated,
j to pay the mileage and per diem of sucli delegates, which
' shall be paid at the rate paid to members of the United States
j Congress, according to the law in force m the yeai iSo-J.
] 2. That, should an exigency arise, m the opinion of the
1 Governor, in which it is necessary for the State of Texas to
, act alone, or by a convention representing the sovereignty
! of the State, he is heieby requested to (.-ail a -pecial session
' of the Legislatui e to provide tor such State convention.
■ 3 That the Governoi i> icouested to transmit copies of
' the1*? re-oiuuoits io the Executives of each Of me slavehold-
! mg Mate'?, and to our memoirs of Congiess.
Approved, February 16.1858
Department of State,
Austin, Texas, February 23, 1858.
I, the undersigned, Secretary uf State of the State of
Texas, do certify that the above and foregoing is a correct
copy of the original joint resolutions on tile m this Depart-
ment.
Given under my hand, and the seal of the Department of
r , State, this day and year first above written.
l> ®0 T. S. ANDERSON,
Secretary of State.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the resolutions
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of cit-
izens of Taylor county, Iowa, praying to be
allowed to enter, at the minimum price, certain
lands on which they have entered, submitted an
adverse report, on the ground that no legislation
on the subject is necessary. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
Edward N. JCent, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 188) for the relief of Ed-
ward IN. Kent. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Rufus Dwi-
nel, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 189) for the relief of Rufus Dwinel. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims to report back the bill and re-
port formerly presented in the case of Sturges,
Bennett & Co., and to state that the committee
unanimously concur in all that part of the former
report which disposes of the claim itself. Some
of the members reserve the right of dissenting from
some of the subsequent reasoning. I^do not see
any of them now in their seats. I ask that it lie
on the table for the present.
The report was laid on the table.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 8) for the relief of John
Hamilton was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
ROCK ISLAND.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form the Senate whether the island of Rock Island, m the
State of Illinois, is longer needed for military purposes; and
if not, whether any steps have been taken for a disposition
of the lame.
THOMAS AP CATESBY JONES.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 122) for the relief of
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, the pending question
being on the amendment offered by Mr. Mason,
to insert after the word " pay," the words " out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated."
Mr. MASON. I offered that amendment at the
suggestion of the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer.] It is a mere formal mat-
ter. The bill was very fully discussed the other
day, and I am not disposed to trouble the Senate
any further about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. When the Senate passed from
the consideration of this subject the other day, I
had so nearly concluded all that I designed to say
on the bill, that I do not derm it necessary now
to recapitulate my argument. I sought to show
that the proposition was not within the constitu-
tional authority of the Senate; and, as a test vote
on that subject, I move the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not propose to say any-
thing on this subject until I heard what fell from
the honoiablc Senator from Michigan. I listened
to him very carefully. He seemed to start the idea
that we were without constitutional power to pass
this bill. I understood him at first to found his
objection on the fact that this was like a forfeiture
which had been declared by the judgment of a
court, and that the attempt to allow this otlicer to
receive the pay of his rank while he was sus-
