1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
pended, was really to overrule the decision of the
court. I have been unable to see the force of that
argument. If this were the case of a penalty which
had been adjudicated by a court of competentju- j
risdictioti, and the money had been paid and was
in the Treasury, I do not see why we are without
power to remit that money. Certain it is that that
money cannot, by any action of the Executive in
pardoning the offender after his conviction, (for
that is the only power he has—the power to par-
don,) and after the money had been paid into the
Treasury, be returned to the man. It is in the
Treasury; it must be taken out by an appropri-
ation bill for the purpose. Now, the effect of sus-
pending an officer's pay for a certain period of
time is the same thing. It leaves so much money
in the Treasury; and it seems to me, if the case
is one which, on its merits—and I have nothing
to say particularly on the merits of this claim—
requires our attention, this is the only way to at-
tain the object.
It appears to me further that there is another
reason. The appropriations which are made for
the Navy and Army under the provisions of our
Constitution fall at the expiration of two years,
and then go into the surplus fund. If there was
an appropriation for paying officers in those years
when this money was withholden, that has passed
by, and not having been paid in those years, it
falis, and of course, if any provision is to be made
for paying this officer there must be anew appro-
priation.
So much for the necessity of this law, provided
this is one of those cases which, on their merits,
require our attention. The honorable Senator
from Michigan, in his last remarks in answer to
the honorable Senator from Virginia, does not
seem to think there is so much difficulty in this
bill, on the ground that it interferes with the result
of the judgment of a court; but he falls back on
another ground, and he says it is not to pay a
debt. He says we have power to appropriate
money simply for the purpose of paying our debts;
and that this is not a pecuniary debt. That seems
to me to be going back to grounds which it is
hardly worth while now, at this late day of our
practical construction of the Constitution, to un-
dertake to debate. If that idea be correct, we can-
not give a man a pension; it is not a debt. We
cannot give a man a sword; it is not a debt. We
cannot give La Fayette land; it is not a debt. We
cannot make any bounties of any kind; they are
not debts. Mr.'President, it seems to me that it
is quite too late to undertake to debate that point.
We have a right, I apprehend, to pay our debts j
of gratitude. If we can liquidate such calls, I |
think we should meet them. I have felt bound to j
say thus much simply because of the constitu-
tional point which has been introduced into the
discussion.
•Mr. STUART. It seems that the exact posi-
tion which I occupied on this subject is not very
well understood, at least by the Senator from
Vermont. I took the ground the other day, that
the suspension of this officer's pay was a result
produced by the judgment of a court-martial. He
sets forth in his memorial that he was arraigned
and tried by a court-martial, and a judgment ren-
dered against him; that judgment was, that he
should be suspended from service in the Navy for
live years, two and a half years of that time with-
out pay. The ground upon which he puts his
memorial is, that that judgment was improperly
rendered against him; that it was improper, even
to the reception of ex parte evidence, and there-
fore he asks to have the money refunded. That
being the case, 1 took the position that for Con-
gress to interpose on that ground, was a direct in-
tes'ference with the constitutional authority of the
President. j
Mr. MASON. The bill puts it on a different ;
ground altogether. (
Mr. STUART. The Senator is mistaken, lhei
bill provides that this money shall be paid to him,
and couples with it a proviso that this act shall
not be construed as expressing any opinion on the i
correctness of the judgment. Now, sir, I ask the |
honorable Senator from Vermont, what is the;
groundwork of this bill? Does it assume that;
the Government of the United States owes a i
debt of gratitude to this individual ? Not at all. I j
conceded the other day that the United States
undoubtedly had authority to pay such obliga-
tions; that they are as much debts as any others,
but that it is not within the power of Congress to
assume an indebtedness, and then assume the
payment of it. Congress cannot say of theirown
accord, " we owe A B, and we vote A B a hun-
dred thousand dollars." I grant you, sir, that
the bill which was passed for the relief of Gen-
eral Jackson was within the constitutional author-
ity of Congress, because the United States owed
him an immense debtof gratitude, and had a right
to pay it like any other debt.
You may vote a man a sword for eminent ser-
vices; but I would ask where is the authority
to vote a man a sword who never did anything at
all for his country ? That would be a mere pre-
tense. Is any gentleman prepared to say that we
have a right to vote just as much money out of
the Treasury as our discretion dictates, by way
of a donation ? Where do you get the authority ?
The authority of Congress is defined in the Con-
stitution. If there is any such authority as that,
gentlemen can put their finger on the place in which
it is defined. I do not find it; but the authority
to raise money to pay the debts of the Confeder-
acy is what 1 alluded to the other day. Is this
bill put upon that ground ? Does this bill proceed
on the ground that we owe this individual the
money? Certainly not.
Is there any specification in his memorial, in
the preamble to the bill, in the testimony in the
case, that he falls within that class of persons to
whom the country owes a debt of gratitude > Not
a word of it; but, as I said, he puts his case upon
the ground that he asks us to reverse the decision
of the court pro lanto. If Congress act upon his
case at all, they act upon his statement of the
case. He claims that he shall be paid these two
and a half years'pay, because he was improp-
erly deprived of it by a court-martial. Now, 1
ask where is the authority to interpose ? I took oc-
casion, the other day, to say, so that there should
be no ground for misapprehension, that doubtless
we could pay a debt of gratitude, as well as any
other debt; but I say again that we cannot assume
that there is a debt, when the individual himself
does not assume it, and then go on to pay it by
legislation.
If Congress can interpose now, and pay these
two and a half years'pay, whycould they not in-
terpose by law to reverse the judgment, so far as
the suspension of service was concerned > Where
is the difference ? Suppose this individual had
asked Congress, immediately after the judgment
was pronounced against him, to pass a law re-
versing the suspension and restoring him to active
service in the Navy, could it be done ? If not; why
not ? Where is the distinction between such an
effort and this one ? It does seem to me that the
distinction does not exist, and that it is impossi-
ble to define it. The ground that I took, the only
ground I have occupied is, that this is asking Con-
gress to do what the President of the United States
by the Constitution is himself authorized to do.
The authority rests there, and nowhere else. The
President, in this case, has exercised the author-
ity, and refused to do anything more than to re-
lieve the individual of the remaining two and a
half years of suspension.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I differ from
the honorable Senator from Michigan in the con-
struction he gives to the authority of Congress in
reference to the right to order money to be paid
out of the Treasury to any individual where we
suppose it has unjustly or prejudicially to lum
come into the Treasury. It is his money. _ I do
not care whether you call it a debt, or an equitable
claim, or what you please. If, in the judgment of
Congress, there is money in the Treasury which
ought to be in the hands of an individual, there
is no other mode in which it can go to him, (not
even by executive pardon,) after ll once gets into
the Treasury, than by the action of the Legisla-
ture. The Legislature certainly would not have
the right, where a man was convicted of an offense
punishable by death, or in any other mode, to in-
terpose by law and say that he should not be pun-
ished, because that power belongs to the Execu-
tive; but if, as part of the punishment, a fine is
inflicted which is paid into the Treasury, and it
requires the action of Congress to pay that money
out, it does not follow that Congress have not the
right to restore to him the money, if they think it
has been unjustly exacted. .
Congress have exercised this right in a great
variety of cases, I will instance a case, between
which and the principle of this bill I cannot see
any difference. During the operation of the non-
intercourse laws of 1809, there were a great variety
of importations from St. Domingo and other West
India islands, which, according to the letter of the
law, subjected the cargo to seizure and confisca-
tion. It was, in many instances, seized and con-
fiscated, and the money paid into the Treasury,
without remission by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. There was some doubt about ihe extent of
his power; but he undoubtedly had a power of
remission in certain cases. To my own knowl-
edge, in many of these cases, Congress passed
laws to repay to the parties the money which had
been paid into the Treasury as the result of the
sentence of a court of justice, where no remis-
sion had been made by the executive authority, to
whom the power was given to make remission.
Congress thought that such cases were not within
the poli'.y and intent of the law; that there had
been nothing prejudicial to the country in the act
of the parties making those importations, and that
it was a hardship to them to keep their money in
the Treasury; and they therefore; in the only
mode in which it could be done, ordered it by act
of Congress to be repaid.
I have known several cases of that kind. I
cannot distinguish between a case where money
which had been paid into the Treasury, under a
sentence of a court was repaid, and a case where,
in consequence of a sentence, the party could not
receive the money, and therefore the appropria-
tion which would be applicable to pay him, has
fallen through lapse of time. We then simply re-
new the appropriation, conceiving that the party
ought to have received the money before, though
a court-martial may have thought differently. So
in the other case, the sentence of the court brought
the party within the letter of the law, and he had
to pay the money. I cannot distinguish between
the cases. I think there is merit in this applica-
tion, and I see no constitutional objection to the
bill.
Mr. POSTER. After what fell from the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia the other day, in
regard to the present condition of the memorial-
ist, it seems exceedingly hard, almost cruel, to
vote against the passage of this bill, and yet, sir,
I feel compelled to vote against it, and I will give
my reasons for so doing in a word. The memo-
rialist set forth that he was tried by a naval court-
martial, and after that trial, was sentenced to five
years' suspension from the service, and for the
first two and a half years without pay or emolu-
ment. He then says:
" This severe sentence was passed, as your memorialist
verily believes, and is well assured by several distinguished
jurists familiar with court-m.)rtiaI practice, on testimony
essentially detective, even ro the admission of ex parte evi-
dence, as the official record of the court attests, and on
which your memorialist was justly entitled to full and hon-
orable acquittal."
For these and other reasons, he prays relief.
If the facts set forth in the memorial are true, he
is entitled to relief, and this bill ought to be passed;
but if they are not true, and the court-martial did
justice in the premises, what right have we to say
that the sentence was too severe, and to remit the
penalty so far as the money is concerned ? Do
the committee, in their report, tell us that the facts
stated in this memorial are true, and that the court-
martial committed injustice? If they told us so,
1 should cheerfully vote for the bill; but they do
not. On the contrary, the proviso to the bill con-
i tains these most significant words:
j « Provided, That this act is not to be construed as an ex-
I pros-Jinn of opinion upon the organization, conduct, or de-
I ciMon of said court."
The organization, the conduct, and the decision
of the court are, by the committee, untouched,
and are to stand as having been as they ought to
have been. Now, sir, in that state of things, can
we find the facts alleged in this petition to be true?
I certainly cannot; and if they are not true, and
if this memorialist has not had injustice done
him, and he was tried by his peers, why should
we now remit this penalty and pay back the
money, which is his money, it is true, if he was
wrongfully deprived of it? but if it did not belong
to him, surely it is not his money,and ought not
to be paid to him. If the proviso be stricken from
the bill, or if the committee will say that the court-
martial did injustice to Commodore Jones, I will
cheeifully go with the Senator from Virginia m
voting this amount—nay, I will go further. If
