1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l(M>a
What is the act which a firm and settled ma-
jority in this Senate have determined shall be done ?
in all the history of time, in-all the records of the
past, no act of equal political turpitude, in my
judgment, can be found, save one to which I may
allude.
Mr. President, I have no laudations to bestow
on this Union. Itneedsnone. Itsculogy is written
in the history of the past. I choose that my acts
shall speak for me, rather than the words I utter.
I would, sir, that it should remain a monument
forever to guide the nations of the world. I would,
sir, that this Government should be perpetuated
for all coming time; and no act of mine, no instru-
mentality of mine, shall be exerted or given ex-
cept for that perpetuation. I would that our na-
tion should stand a moral monument to enlighten
other nations; but I cannot resist the conclusion
that if we are to bow to the unlimited power of
party despotism, if we are to do acts which in our
judgments and in our hearts we reprobate, the
day, the hour, of our downfall is as certain as that
of other nations which have preceded us. I do
not mean that it will come now, or even within
my day, or the day of the youngest of us. Great
as may be the wrongs which you may perpetrate,
the recuperative energies of our country may over-
come them; but, in the course of time, this inces-
sant arrogation of executive and governmental
power must produce its effect; and the institu-
tions which we have reared, when their foundation
shall have been subverted by executive power,
must crumble and decay. That act which is be-
fore us, that bill upon which we are to vote, is one
of the measures which is calculated, if not de-
signed, to produce that event. Who that believes
that nations, like individuals, must answer to a
higher power for the wrongs they perpetrate—
who that believes that the sins committed by a
nation arc to be answered for as are the sins of an
individual—can doubtthar, if the presentcourse of
things be persisted in, a fearful retribution must
follow ?
Mr. President, it is my purpose upon the pres-
ent occasion to confine myself principally to a
reply to the suggestions which have been made
by the honorable Senator from South Carolina,
[Sir. Hammond.] I may, after reviewing some
of the remarkable doctrines which he has pre-
sented, say something on the question which is
directly before us; but it is my object now to re-
view some of the positions which he has assumed,
for the purpose of testing their accuracy or their
inaccuracy, and to answer some of the assaults
which he has made upon the people I represent.
The doctrines enunciated by that Senator are re-
markable. The frankness with which they were
expressed is commendable. It is my purpose to
speak particularly to three distinct points: first,
the faith of the South, and the manner in which
she has kept it; second, the capacity of the South
as a distinct and separate Government, as pre-
sented by ihe Senator from South Carolina; and
third, the character of the people whom I repre-
sent—the laboring masses of the North. I may
say incidentally something in relation to some
other points which he suggested, but to these
three points I propose mainly to confine myself.
These points i propose to discuss, though I may
not do so in the order in which I have named
them.
First, as to the faith of the South. I will not stop
to quote the Senator's language; but he asserts
broadly that the North have uniformly violated
their faith, but that wo may rely with unlimited
confidence upon the unbroken faith of the South.
I have no answer to his allegation as to the faith
of the North. When he shall make his specifica-
tions, I will give the answer that justice shall de-
mand. On what point have we at the North been
faithless to our constitutional obligations ? Upon
what point have we at the North been faithless to
the South ? Sir, when I speak of the South, I am
only using the terms the Senator from South Car-
olina has placed in my mouth. In my heart, I
know no North, no South, no East, no W^est. We
are the people of one common country. What-
ever relates to the prosperity and the welfare,
whatever pertains to the rights of the South, as
an American citizen, as an American Senator, I
r-tand here to vindicate and maintain. What are
their rights are my rights. What belongs to them
belongs to me, as -a citizcn of a common coun-
try.
But the Senator from South Carolina has seen
fit, in the course of the argument which he has
pursued, to arraign the North for the want of
fidelity,and has vaunted here the unbroken plight-
ed faith of the South. I ask again, in what have
wc violated our constitutional obligations? I tell
you, sir, you mistake us. We regard our coun-
try as a whole. Wc are willing to stand by it as
a whole; nay, in the Union, wd mean to stand by
it as a whole. You can neither drive us out of
it, nor shall you go.
But, sir, to proceed to the consideration of the
points which I make. The facts of history show
to my mind conclusively, that while we have
been a Union, the faith of the South, of which
the Senator from South Carolina so vauntingly
boasted, has hardly been kept. I would not pur-
sue this line of argument but for the manner in
which the allegation was made. No single in-
stance in which we of the North have violated
our constitutional obligation has been cited. I
think, in the absence of any specifications, I may
clearly come to the conclusion that none can be
successfully made. I hardly know what the Sen-
ator means by southern faith. I am therefore
left to grope my way, and to draw my own con-
clusions.
Mr. President, the Senator from South Caro-
lina deplored the restoration of a tariff policy upon
the South; but I think 1 may cite it as one class
of cases in which the South has notkept its legis-
lative faith to the North. Who were the authors
of the tariff policy? From whom did it spring?
Read the messages of Thomas Jefferson; read the
messages of James Madison; quote the language,
as the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
did yesterday, of the distinguished son of South
Carolina, Mr. Calhoun,and from all the records
of the past we have the undisputed and indisput-
able history, that it was the South that tendered
its aid to tiie North in what was called a protect-
ive policy. I am here no defender of that policy;
I am here no advocate of a protective policy; but
when the South had inaugurated such a policy,
and had induced the North to invest its capital
under a poiicy which itself had inaugurated, I
ask—I think I may ask with triumph—with what
kind of propriety can the South call on us now
to change it? They hardly keep their legislative
faith, when they seek to rum the men who have
invested their means under that system which
they themselves have created. Is not that true?
Is it not historically true ? We of the North were
a commercial people; we had no genial suns of
the South to shine on our heads; we had no bright
and stretching savannas that invited the culti-
vator of the soil. It was said, and said truly,
that our country was cold and barren, though
God knows we have made it "bloom and blossom
as the rose." We had no natural advantages like
those thatGod had given to the South. But placed
as we were, and judging that the fiat of the Al-
mighty was no curse upon man, that he should
earn lus livelihood in the sweat of his own brow,
we have toiled on our hiil-sides; we have gone
into our machine-shops; we have delved m our !
mines; and we have made the 'North, under all j
the circumstances in which we have been placed, ,
what she is. I insist that, when a policy which ;
was calculated to divert the industry and the cap- I
ital of the North from commercial to manufactur- I
ing purposes was inaugurated by the South, and '
after the capital of the North had been diveitud :
to those sources, it was a want of legislative faith, ;
on the part of the South, ruthlessly to break them j
down, j
But, sir, the Senator complains again that the ;
South have no guarantee that wo shall not fasten
on it a national bank; and that, too, comes from
the Senator from South Carolina. Whose pol-
icy was that? Who imposed the system upon
us? The Senator from South Carolina, Mr. Cal-
houn, distinguished as the representative of that
State, and as the exponent of the South, himself
offered, m 1814, in the House of Representatives,
a resolution to inquire into the expediency of in-
corporating a national bank; and then, in 1816,
himself voted for it. If the Senator from South \\
Carolina [Mr. Hammond] was in his Seat, I would j j
ask him what guarantee have we that^you will lj
not turn back to the maxims that you first prac- jj
ticed,and again seek to impose upon us a national ;|
bank? I think I am right when I say that upon
this side of the Senate, and among our friends 111 ,
the country, there is no disposition to return to
that system.
But, in relation to the system of protection tQf
domestic industry or the manufacturing interest,
let me say here, in passing, that while I am no
prophet, I still predict, young as I am, or old as I
am, that I shall live to see the day when the South
will come into these Halls and clamor for protec-
tion. Why so? You are wearing out your lands
in agriculture; you must go back to the manufac-
ture of the articles that you consume for your-
selves, your families, and those dependent upon
you. It is one of the necessities of a nation; and
as you depart from agriculture you will go to man-
ufactures; you will come here to seek protection
from the North,as well as protection from foreign
Governments. I have no doubt that I shall live to
see that day if I survive to the common age of man.
If I do live to see it, and if I have power to exert,
or a vote to give, I will give it for what is just and
right to that people.
I pass from the consideration of these two ques-
tions to one of a broader character. I pass to the
consideration of what was the original design of
our Government in its foundation, and what was
the action of the South at that period of time. I
know the South has changed her views. I ao not
know that I complain of it. I know the effect of
habit, association, companionship, and interest,
upon the lives, the conduct, and the opinions of
men. I can be more charitable to those men of
the South than I can bo to their allies in the North;
and God forbid that I should say one word to or
of them, when wc have such a class existing in
the North as we have all around us. No, sir; I
might say that I love them in comparison with
the class of men at the North who arc faithless
to all the instincts of humanity, of association,
of education, and all thcirsurroundings. I know
the force and the power of those influences. God
knows what might be our opinions if we were
born and educated at the South; I do not. Had
I been born m Turkey I do not know that I might
| not have been a Mussulman. But it is humiliat-
ing to us, it is mortifying, but it is an admission
to be made, that you train our politicians at the
North, and make them subservient to all your
behests. It is a humiliating admission to make,
but still it belongs to the frailty of humanity, and I
hope, in the progress of time, we shall be com-
pensated for the admission by finding, when the
Government is restored to its original position,
that that class of people do not live entirely at the
North. While u is a matter of regret, and of
deep regret, that we have such a class of men
among us, while I mourn over it, I am consoled
with the reflection that light is dawning in the dis-
tant South; that the patriotic, the noble men of that
region are coming to the rescue, and telling us that
they have hearts and sympathies that beat in uni-
son with our own, and that they, with us, ask only
that this Government shall be administered upon
the principles on which our fathers founded it.
But, sir, what was the early action of the Gov-
ernment to which I have referred and upon which
our Government was based? Itwas the principle
of freedom. I know too well, and { confess I feel
somewhat embarrassed under the circumstances,
that I can utter no new truth here; but what, {
ask, is the history of this Government m relation
to the principles upon which it was founded? I
say that it was founded, and it was designed to
be based, 011 the principles of free government.
When our Constitution was formed, nobody
doubted, everybody expected, that the institution
of slavery, so deleterious in its effects, would fade
away. Times have changed. The invention of
the cotton-gmmade the production of cotton prof-
itable; and, with that-power which belongs to the
pocket-nerve, public sentiment has changed in the
South,and too much in the North. The produc-
tion of cotton became profitable, and with that
profit came the change. A temporary and evan-
escent benefit has led to this change, not a per-
manent benefit. Madison told us m the conven-
tion which framed the Constitution, that it was
wrong to admit that man could hold property in
man; that he would not incorporate that idea into
the Constitution. We had the maxims and the
teachings of Jefferson and all the wisest and best
statesmen of the South against slavery. I have no
time to stop now to quote authorities. They are
"Thu'k as autumnal leoves."
They aH concurred in the doctrine that it *,vas ail
