1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
-pie beggars are unknown. We have them not,
and we know them not. That we have objects of
charity, when a devastating element may sweep
away the productions of years from our neighbors
and our friends—that we have such cases, where
we ought to bestow, and do bestow our alms, I
do no.t deny; but in the great mass of our coun-
trymen among our rural population, beggary is
unknown, and of those who congregate m our
large cities, a fair proportion is from your own
section.
I propose to read a few extracts, and among
others one from a speech of the Senator from
South Carolina himself, in relation to the condi-
tion of your poor at the South. I shall read first
an extract from a production of Mr. William
Gregg, of Charleston, South Carolina, a gentle-
man of whom I know nothing except that I un-
derstand him to be a man of respectability, and
entitled to confidence. He
" From the best estimates that I have been able to make,
I put down the white people who ought to work and who
do nut, or who are so employed as to be wholly unproduc-
tive to the State, atone hundred and twenty-five thousand.5'
* * • * * " Any man who is an observer of thins?
could hardly pass through our country without being struck '
with the fact that all the capital, enterprise, and intelligence
is employed in directing slave laboi; and the consequence
is, that a large poition of our poor white people arc wholly
neglected, and are .suffered to while away an existence in a
etate but one step in advance of the Indian of the forest."
I shall read next an extract from an address of
the Senator from South Carolina himself, deliv-
ered before the South Carolina Institute, in 1850.
On that occasion, speaking of the poor whites of
the South, he used this language:
" They obtain a precarious subsistence by occasional jobs,
by hunting, by fishing, by plundering fields or folds, and too
often by what is in its effects far wuitc—ttuding with slaves,
and seducing them to plunder for their benefit."
I shall read next an extract from the Review of
Mr. De Bow, a man earnestly devoted to south-
ern institutions, and, I think it may be said with
truth, who publishes a periodical which is de-
signed and calculated to advance and promote
their interests. Speaking of the labor of the South,
and the effect that would be produced by tiie es-
tablishment of manufactures, he says:
<•' A demand for labor in such establishments is all that is
necessary to lais-e this clav-> iiom want and beggary and
(too frequently) moral degradation, to a state of cotnfoit,
comparative independence, and moral and social re&pect-
ab'hty. Besides this, thousands of such would naturally
come together as residents in manufacturing village^, where,
with veiy little trouble and expense, thev might receive a
common-school education, instead of growing up m pio-
fouud ignorance." * * * * "The superior
grades of female labor may be considered such as minly a ne-
cessity for education on the part of the employ6, while the
menial class is generally regarded as of the lowest; and in
a slave State, this standard is <in the loweft depths, a
lowei deep,' fiom the fart that, bv association, it is a re-
duction of the white servant to the level of their colored fel-
low menials."
I doubt not the truth of that remark. What-
ever may be ourobhgations to Jill mankind; what-
ever in truth and principle may be demanded of
us toward all races, there ought at least to be in
our hearts something that shall respond to the
wants of our own Caucasian race. If we have
no sympathy; if we have no feeling whatever for
other races, we may be pardoned, at least, if we
would honestly incorporate and advance in our
Government that system which will elevate our
own race. How degraded they are, how low they
are, is to be judged only of the men whom you
see when brought into competition with that very
class of men. But, sir, X will read other extracts.
I read from the Virginia Dispatch, a paper pub-
lished at Richmond, Virginia:
"Wcwill only suppose that the ready-made shoes im-
ported into this city irom the North, and sold here, weie
manufactured in Richmond. What a great addition it would
be to the means of employment! How many boys and fe-
mafes would find the means of earning their bread, who
aie now suffering for a regular supply ot the necessaries of
life!"
" The poor ye have always with you." Are
the poor confined to the North ? I have read au-
thorities from southern men. I have read only
from those whom I presume to be conversant with
the condition of the white men who toil there,
and I cannot resist the conclusion that the Sena-
tor from South Carolina has drawn his ideas of
our laborers from what he sees at home. Sir,
"whatever may be our poverty, J think X can affirm
here to-day, that for all the great and noble en-
terprises, for all the benevolence which distin-
guishes man, Boston alone contributes more an-
iwdlpfchftn all the South
But I pass from the consideration of that ques-
tion to still another presented by the Senatorfrom
South Carolina, and I may add, perhaps, that it
is a question upon which I feel more keenly than
upon any other. I pass to the consideration of
that point which he has raised in relation to the
character of the laborers of the North. I do not
believe, with that frankness which has marked all
that the Senator has said, that he has designed to
rise here and utter a libel upon our woiking and
laboring men. No, sir; I believe he has drawn
his conclusions from what he has seen at home,
and I do not know but that he has drawn some
conclusions from the servility he has witnessed
here. If he has, I desire to disabuse the Sena-
tor of what I think are his erroneous premises,
and consequently, his erroneous conclusions. I
want to do the Senator no injustice; surely I will
not; and to be certain that I do him no injustice,
I will send to the Secretary and ask him to read
some paragraphs from what I suppose is the cor-
rected speech of the Senator, commencing at the
last paragraph 011 page 13 of the pamphlet, and
concluding on page 15.
The Secretary read as follows:
" In all social systems there must be a class to do the me-
nial duties, to perfoim the drudgeiy of life. That is a class
requuing but a low order of mti-Nect and butlifle skill. Its
requisites are vigor, docility, fidelity. Such a class you
must have, or you would not have that other class which
leads progress, civilization, andiefinement. It constitutes
the very mud-sill of society and of political government;
and you might as well attempt to build a hou-e in the an as
to build either the one or the other except 011 this mud sill.
Foifunately for the South, she found a race adapted to that
purpose to her hand—a lace inferior to her own, but emi-
nently qualified in tempei, in Vigor, in docility, in capacity
to stand the climate, to answer all her purposes. We use
them for our purpose, and call them slaves. We found them
slaves by the i common consent of mankind,' which, ac-
cording 10 Cicero,{lex nature the highest ptoof of
what is Nature's law. We are ' ld-fashioned at the South
yet; it is a word discarded now by{ ears politeI will not
chaiactorize thatcla;>s at the North with that term ; but you
have it; it is there ; it h everywhere ; it is eternal.
"The Senator fiom New York said yesterday that the
whole woild had abolished slavery. Ay, the name, but not
the thin*; all the powers of the earth cannot abolish that.
God only can do it when he repeals the fiat, ' the poor ye
always have with you for the man who lives by daily la-
boi, and f'caicelj lives at that, and who lias to put out his
laboi m the market, and take the beet he can get for it; in
rhoif, your whole class of manual laborers and' opera-
tives,' as you call them, are essentially slaves."
Mr. HAMMOND. I beg leave to interpolate
a word at this point. This speech was corrected
very hastily, and on looking over it I have made
some other corrections. I wish to insert the word
" hireling" in the clause which has just been read,
so that it shall read: " Your whole class of hire-
ling manual laborers and e operatives,'as you call
them, are essentially slaves."
The Secretary continued to read the extract
from Mr. Hammond's speech as follows:
" The diffoiencc between us to, that our slaves are hired
for life and well compensated; there is no starvation, no
bogging, no want of employment among our people, and not
too much employment either. Yours aie lined by the day,
not cated foi, and scantily compensated, which may be
proved in the most painful mannei,at any hour 111 any street
in any of your large towns. Win, you meet mote beggars
in one day, 111 any single street of the city of New York,
than you would mept m a lifetime in the whole South. We
do not think that whites should be slaves either by law or
necessitv. Uur slaves ate black, of another and'interior
race. The status in which wo have placed them is an ele-
vation. Thev are elevated fiom the condition in which
God first created them, by being made our slaves. None of
that race on the whole face of the globe can be compared
with the slaves of the South. They are happy, content, un-
aspiring, and utterly incapable, from intellectual weakness,
ever to give us any trouble by their aspiration". Yours are
white, of your own lace; you are btorheis of one blood.
They are your equals 111 natural endowment of intellect,
and they feel galled by their degradation. Oui slaves donot
vote. \Ve give them 110 political power. Yours do vote,
and being the majority, they aie the depositaries of all your
political power. If they knew the tremendous seeiet,*tbat
the ballot-box is stronger than £an army with banners,'
and could combine, where would you be? Your society
would be reconstructed, your government overthmwn, your
property divided, not as they have mistakenly attemofed to
initiate such proceedings by meeting in parks, with arms m
their hands, but by the quiet pioeesss of the ballot-box. You
have been making war upon us to our very hearthstones.
How would you like for us to send lecturers and agitators
North, to teach these people tins, to aid in combining, and
to lead them ?*'
Mr. HAMLIN. I accept the modification which
the Senator from South Carolina proposes to
make. It is but just; it is but fair to allow it. I
know very well that, in a discussion here, we may
use a term which does not express precisely the
meaning we intend. It is just and fair that every
Senator should have the opportunity of stating
precisely, and in the most accurate language, what
he does mean. I do not see, however, that the
modification which the Senator has seen fit to
make substantially changes the position which he
assumed in his speech.
In my judgment the Senator from South Caro-
lina—I assure him I say it in kindness—has mis-
taken the character of our laborers and their po-
sition. I do not think he would designedly assign
to them a position to which they do not belong;
and I have said that, in my opinion, he has come
to the conclusion that our laborers occupy pre-
cisely the same position as those whom he sees in
his own vicinity. I do not say that even that is
so, but I say such is- my conclusion. I am frank
to admit that I know very little of the character
of the laborers who toil beside the slave, but I
have seen something of it. I have seen what has
satisfied me that they have little intelligence; that
they were poorly clothed; and that, while they felt
themselves above them, they were actually in the
social scale below the slaves. I remember, sir,
that upon the banks of the Potomac I once heard
a negro taunt a white man that he was so poor
that he had not a master; and when I looked at
the poor white man I confess that I thought there
was some truth in the taunt of the negro.
Now, my word for it, the Senator from South
Carolina has mistaken the character of our pop-
ulation and our laborers. I stand here the rep-
resentative of northern laborers. In my own per-
son I present a laboring man—educated at the
printing case, toiling in my field, and earning with
my own hands, and by thesweatof my own brow,
the food on which I subsist; and I am glad to say
that here sits beside me a worthy compeer, [Mr.
Wilson.] It maybe regarded as egotistical,and
if so, I ask you to pardon me; but I think I feel
something for the man that labors. I think I have
something in my heart that leads mo to sympa-
thize with him. I know that my friend from
Massachusetts has. From our boyhood to our
manhood we have toiled in the sunshine and in
the rain, and we are, though poor ones, the rep-
resentatives of the men who labor at the North.
I wish they had better and abler representatives
here; but such as we are, they have sent us here;
such as we are, we will vindicate their rights.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that it was
agreed yesterday that the Senate would go into
executive session to-day at three o'clock; that hour
has now arrived, and as my colleague will, per-
haps, occupy another hour, I suppose he may as
well defer his remarks until to-morrow. I move,
therefore, that the Senate now proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business. [" Four o'clock
was the hour."]
Mr. FOOT. I was present, and I suppose I
shall have the concurrence of all the members who
were present at the adjournment yesterday after-
noon, that it wab understood and made a special
order that the Senate would, at three o'clock to-
day, proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. FITCH. My recollection is not precise as
to the hour; but my impression is, that the exec-
utive session was to be at the close of the remarks
of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FOOT. Three o'clock was finally named,
and agreed to generally.
Several Senators. Four o'clock.
Mr. YULEE. I understood four o'clock to be
the hour, and it was understood that before that
time the Senator from Maine, and, probably, an-
other gentleman, would address the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. Three o'clock was finally proposed
and agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion of Mr. Fessenden was agreed to;
and the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
thereon the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF" REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 9, 1838.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
bv Rev. Jabez Fox.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
313, to provide for the organization of a regiment
