ONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 11,1858.
New Series....No. 64.
cling as it may be. We have no license in the
Constitution to " let loose the dogs of war" to
hunt down any setof people for their religion, no
matter liow abhorrent it may be. He who goes
to Utah, whether as volunteer or regular, with
the intent and purpose of making war upon that
people because of their religion, will, if ho sheds
blood on such a mission, have committed murder
in the eye of the Constitution. There is but one
duty which devolve", upon this Government. It
is to maintain the supremacy of our authority in :
that Territory. For all the rest we must trust to
the mild influences of Christianity; wo must trust
to the benignant influences of our glorious form of
frie government, under which, as Jefferson has
s.iid, error may be tolerated with reason left free
to combat it.
Sir, no man in the House will go further than
I will in the performance of the proper duty which
devolves upon us. I assert our full dominion over
the Territories. I will go all proper lengths to
put down the Mormon rebellion. I will crush itin
every form so far as it has arrayed itselfin oppo-
sition to the authority of this Government; but I
would do it by the regular, established, cool and
unimpassioned judicial, and, if need be, military
energies of the country.
Sir, the gentleman from Mississippi tells us that
the volunteer force is the peculiar growth of this
country. If it be true that it is an American in-
stitution, and that, as such, it is to us a source of
national pride, it is because of its past recollections
and history. Heretofore, this appeal has never
been made to the country by Congress for volun-
teers, except when done to defend the sanctity of
our homes and of our firesides; to expel the in-
vader of our soil, and to plant the victorious eagles
of our country upon the Capitol of a foreign foe.
But now, for the first time in our history, is Con-
gress appealed to, to invoke the passions of this
nation, to organize a volunteer force which is
expected to mark with blood the triumph of fed-
eral power over a Territory of this Union. I look
with alarm upon such a precedent. I know the in-
tensity of sectional hate and the lancor of politi-
cal feeling which too often sway the passions of
this people. Establish the precedent once that
Federal power may make tins appeal to the pas-
sions of the country to maintain its authority, and
you inaugurate a practice and a power fruitful of
the most dangerous consequences in our system.
From its successful application to a Territory, it
will be an easy step, under the control of a reck-
less and dominant majority, to extend it to a State.
Such precedents, once established, are not forgot-
ten. They are seized by the hands of power, and
perverted beyond the original intention. I am not
willing to take any step in that direction. It is not
asked by the President, nor demanded by the ne-
cessities of the country.
But I must for the present pass over this view
of the subject, and proceed with the military view
of tln^ question. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi lias said that it is a duty of this House to
respond to the executive recommendations which
have been niade to us. I agree with him, and I
go one step further than he has done. I say that,
while it is the unquestionable right of Congress to
determine the propriety of the increase of our
military force, yet, sir, inasmuch as^ the Consti-
tution creates the President of the United States
the Commander-in-Chief of your Army, and ee-
volves upon him the responsibility ot this ami of
the public servicc,it is no more than a proper def-
erence and courtcsy to that branch of the_Gov-
ernment to placc at its disposal tnc particuiai
character of force which it thinks most eiiicient
for the purpose contemplated, Now, sir, there
can be no mistake about the opinions of the Sec-
retary of War upon this point. _ He has told us,
in language too strong to be misconceived, that
he docs not want volunteers.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman tell me
where he finds the opinions of the President or
Secretary of War upon this point'1
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman will find
that I am right. The gentleman will find appended
64
to the report of the Secretary of War and Presi-
dent's message, a statement of the comparative
expenses of the volunteer and regular forces of
the country for the last twenty-two years. Why
did he append these statistics, if it was not to ad-
monish, and if need be to implore, Congress not
to place in his hands a description of force which
he does not want ? I well remember in 1854, when
theie was a threatened outbreak of the whole In-
dian population in the Northwest, and when a call
was made upon Congress for an increase of the
regular Army, the attempt was made, as it is now,
to substitute three thousand volunteers for the
proposed increase of the regular Army. The gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] and myself
had very much the same discussion then which
has taken place now. He then called upon the
War Department for an estimate of what would
be the expense of three thousand volunteers; and
the Secretary, after replying to the call, and show-
ing thatthe expense of the three thousand mounted
volunteers would be $3,920,485—about one mil-
lion and a half more than the four regiments called
for—proceeds, in the close of that report, to say
that he had called upon Congress for a regular
force; and if you substituted the militia for the
regular force asked for, the responsibility of the
consequences would not be upon him.
Well, sir, never was there a more threatening
genera! outbreak amongst the Indian tribes; and i
yet the policy of an increase of the regular Army |
triumphed in that contest before theThirty-Thiid
Congress. It was accoidingly sent to that fron-
tier, a single skirmish took placc, and peace was
restored. Now, sir, it was the deliberate opinion
of that distinguished statesman and officer, fa-
miliar as he is with all branches of the public ser-
vice, regplarand volunteer, in Mexican and in the
Indian wars, that if those three thousand volun-
teers had been sent to that country at that time,
there would have been a general outbreak of In-
dian hostilities such as it would have, perhaps,
taken years to quell, and at the cost of millions of
dollars.
Now, sir, it would seem that the present Sec-
retary of War was apprehensive that Congress,
from some outside pressure of popular feeling,
might substitute a volunteer corps instead of the
regular force asked for; and he has therefore pre-
sented to Congress, accompanying his report,
documents and statistics bearing upon that sub-
ject which it ought to be the duty of every mem-
ber upon this floor to read before he acts upon
this bill.
The gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Quit-
man,] as an argument against the regular Army,
brought forward the number of desertions from
the regular Army. Now, sir, that there should
be desertions in such an army as General Scott
has described as having no repose from the toils
and fatigues of the camp, is not surprising. Es-
pecially it is not surprising that desertions should
occur in an army in a new country, in the new
States, where labor is high; where there are no
land bounties promised them to induce them to
, hold out until the end of their service; where they
! have, probably, no filends at home to eheer them
i on their return for their courage, or to frown
| upon them for their want of fidelity. The gen-
tleman has asked, when, in the history ol this
country, did a volunteer ever desert.'^ I refer the
gentleman to the records of the J'texican war,
and there I show him that there were three thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy desertions from
the ranks of the volunteers in that Mexican war;
whereas, there were but two thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-nine from the ranks of the reguiar
Ann)'. And while upon this subjcctof theMex-
[ ican war, 1 beg leave to call attention to a tabie
now before me, presenting some interesting facts.
It appears there v/eie in that war some twenty-
sixthousand re^ularsand seventy-three thousand
volunteer troops. Of those who were killed and died
of wounds in battle, there were eight hundred and
sixty-two regulars, five hundred and sixty-seven
volunteers. Of those wounded in battle, two thou-
sand and seventy-five were regulars, one thousand
three hundred and eighteeji volunteers. In the bat-
tles of Con treras and Churubusco, fought 19th aiyl
20th of August, 1847, there were, volunteers killed
and wounded, two hundred and thirty-nine; regu-
lars, seven hundred and fifty-nine. In the battle of
El Molino del Rey, fought 8th September, 1847,
there were, of regulars killed and wounded, seven
hundred and six; volunteers, none. There were,
I presume, no volunteers engaged in that fight.
In the battles of Chapultepec and city of Mexico,
fought 12th, 13th, and 14th of September, were,
volunteers killed and wounded, two hundred and
seventy-three; regulars, five hundred and thirty-
eight.
I do not present these facts with any view to
disparage the volunteer force. Theyacted nobly.
They did their whole duty to their country. But
I present them because I believe that the regular
Army has not had thai justice done to it by Con-
gress, and by the country, which its gallantry, its
saciificcs, its sufferings, its perils, and its toils, so
I greatly entitle it to receive from them.
! The paymaster's report exhibits a fact which
| does not seem questioned by the gentleman from
I Mississippi, that the mounted volunteer costs, in
proportion to the infantry, six to one. But, says
the gentleman, it is not a fair point of comparison
to place the mounted volunteers against regular
infantry. I say it is in one aspect a fair point of
comparison. And why? The day has gone by,
if I can read the records of this country, when
you can reiy upon volunteers exccpt as a mounted
force. Every man who now volunteers expects
to do so as a mounted volunteer. Look at what
occurred in Florida even. Of the fifteen thousand
volunteers, twelve thousand were mounted men.
Look at the whole volunteer force of this country
since the termination of the Mexican war, and out
of a force of near eight thousand only four hun-
dred and seventy-two were not mounted. Of the
volunteer force in Florida at the present moment
there is not one but is mounted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I would inquire
if the morning hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. QUITMAN. I rise to a question of order.
It seems to me that there is a mistake in consid-
ering debate upon this bill as being limited to the
morning hour. The report of this bill from the
Committeeon Military Affairs was originally made
by the unanimous consent of the House, and it
occurs to mc, though not very familiar with the
rules, that the bill is the order of the day until
disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The only advantage which
the gentleman from Mississippi derived from re-
porting the bill by unanimous consent, was that it
entitlcil the bill to be considered during the morn-
in<* hour. Unanimous consent was given, and the
committee reported the bill at a time different from
what it would have been reported except by unan-
i imous consent. It is, therefore, subject to the
I rules which control the reports of committees.
\ The motion of Mr. J. Glancy Jones was then
> a°The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
! House resolved itself into the Committee of the
! Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Houston
! in the chair,) and resumed the consideration ofthe
! DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR BILL,
i uiioii which Mr. Kf.itt was entitled to the floor,
i 'Mr. KE1TT. Mr. Chairman, in considering
! the application of Kansas for admission into the
j Union, two questions legitimately present them-
selves: 1st, the constitutionality of her application;
1 and 2d. the expediency of her admission. The
i first division of the subject distributes itself under
! two heads: 1. The power of Congress in the
1 premises; and 2. The character of the procedures
iJ in Kansas,
