1858-.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101!
'ence of individuals is expressed through society
into the forms of government, and collected into
sovereignty in its supreme form.
The mischievous doctrine of referring consti-
tutions back from the sovereign convention to pop-
ular suffrage for ratification, before they become
obligatory, is the resolution of government into
society, and society into the individuals that com-
pose it. It is reversing the march of mankind,
and blotting out the experience of ages. It is
reendowing the individual with the independence
which he has abdicated; dissolving the ligaments
of society, and trampling down government be-
neath the barbaric tread of unorganized masses.
Could society live a day, with all the individuals
that compose it invested,each, with the rights of
independence ? Could it live a day without law,
without order, without peace, and forms ? And
-can it have those with individuals put above so-
ciety, and society elevated above government?
No. Sovereignty holds all things m subjection;
and the crown of sovereignty is placed in the
higher reachcs of virtue, intelligence, and wis-
dom, and embodied in the highest form of gov-
ernment.
But the mischievous heresy of submitting con-
stitutions to popular ratification, not only emas-
culates conventions, but it abnegates forms in gov-
ernment. It not only puts the will of the individual
above the will of the community in theory, but it
seeks to attain it with out the intervention of forms.
It is striving for perfection through the rude agen-
cies of barbarism. It is a humanitarian attempt
to crown individuals with transcendental excel-
lence through the prostitution of society, and the
demoralization of government. It is the offspring
of that spirit of insubordination which shakes
down governments, dissolves society, and lives
only in the congenial atmosphere of revolution.
It is, in short, the development of individuality
at the expense of society. It is even more de-
moralizing than this: it is the aggravation of indi-
viduality into extravagance, through licentious-
ness and the stimulation of emulous rivals.
But it is not only in its subversion of represent-
ative government, and its warfare against society,
that this heresy is dangerous. It touches, with
rude hands, the very foundations of property it-
self. It erects individuality into omnipotence over
proprietary rights. It ignores the great truth that
government is instituted primarily to protect prop-
erty as well as person. In fact, it stabs govern-
ment in its most vulnerable point. It subsidizes,
through-avarice, the many against the few. Prop-
erty perishes in revolutions; because it is con-
genial only with law and order and peace. The
apotheosis of individual rights, the independence
of individuals in a political society, is the utter
overthrow of property. Property grows up in soci-
ety, and is sheltered by government. Whatever,
then, impairs society, or saps the foundations of
government, shakes the whole system of prop-
erty.
It is affected in another way by this ominous
heresy. It, in theory, gives to each individual the
right to appropriate to himself what may be ne-
cessary to his support. When the individual is
put above society, social stability and peace must
yield to his wants. Among sovereigns, might is
right; and when want steps in, property is theft.
In a political society made up of sovereigns there
is no law, no subordination; all is equality, and
everything is common. Thus, this theory not
only wstrs against society and government, but it
reaches the very origins and mysteries of prop-
erty.
Government is instituted to protect rights both
of person and property. In proportion to the
wealth of a community, and its civilization, must
the checks and balances in its political system be
delicate, numerous, and well-adjusted. In a re-
publican governmentall are equally interested in
*he preservation of personal rights; the minority
are especially interested in the protection of prop-
erty. The constitutional guarantees, therefore,
should be carefully and skillfully adapted to its
maintenance. In a convention all interests and
all feelings are judiciously refined, secreted, and
weighed; and, therefore, all interests are likely to
be properly estimated and decided; in a popular
election, ramified through a wide community,
popular caprice and popular passion are likely to
prevail over cautious deliberation. All the inter-
ests of society can be best expressed through a
convention; and this is lost in the reference back
of its work to popular ratification. Besides, when
this element is introduced, the statesman becomes
the politician; each representative becomes, not
the representative of the community, but of his
particular constituency — he represents, not a
whole, but a fraction. The very doctrine of the
numerical majority in this Confederacy section-
alizes. To this conclusion, the doctrine I am an-
imadverting upon inevitably leads.
In examining the problems which have pre-
sented themselves in this discussion, I am not
altogether removed from the aids of ancient in-
quiry. Aristotle has more specially examined the
higher questions of speculative politics in the first
three books of his great work. What are the ori-
gins of political society? Have all men an iden-
tical claim to act in political society, and are they
entitled to equal rights? What is the end of
lj power? Where does sovereign authority reside ?
i! Such are the problems which the philosopher of
j, Stagyra examines, as introductory to his exposi-
T tion of a perfect government. In his view, soci-
jj ety is not an accidental and arbitrary fact. It is
J the result of neither violence nor compact. Like
j the family, it springs from the depths of nature,
which instinctively urges mankind into associa-
tion to ministerto their wants. " Man,"ho says,
" is essentially a sociable being; a political ani-
mal; the sense of right and wrong engraved upon
his heart marks him for a social destiny."
The end of political society, according to Aris-
totle, indeed its highest aim, is not merely utility
and the pursuit of material advantages; but it is
the consecration of justice and right which pre-
exist the decisions of the judge. It is something
more than these: it implies the moral improvement
of its members and the guarantees of happiness,
secured by the cultivation of virtue. " Virtue,"
he says, " commends itself to the first care of a
State truly worthy of the name. Otherwise, po-
litical society is nothing more than a military
alliance with remote nations; and the law brought
down to the character of a simple convention,isno
longer but a guarantee of individual rights, with-
out any power or influence over the personal mo-
rality and justice of the citizen." In this con-
nection, he treats of the distinction between the
constitution and the mere laws of the State. " The
constitution," he says, "is that which determines
in the State the regular organism of all magistra-
cies, and especially of the supreme magistracy.
It is the distribution of powers, the attribution of
sovereignty; in one word, the defining of the
special end of society. The laws, on the contrary,
distinct from the essential and characteristic prin-
ciples of the constitution, are the rule of the ma-
gistrate in the exercise of power and the repres-
sion of wrong."
The speculations of this great philosopher of
antiquity upon the foundations of society and gov-
ernment, arc thus in unison with the views I have
. expressed. They discountenance the doctrine of
j mobocracy recently so popular under the insur-
gent title of " popular so\'ereignty," and exam-
pled in the Red Republican heresy of referring
constitutions to popular ratification.
In this discussion allusions have been made to,
and analogies drawn from, the history of Athens
and Rome. These have been marked either by
the perversions of ingenuity, or the misapplica-
tions of ignorance. In paying to the Athenian
democracy, as it is called, the tribute which both
history and justice would seem to demand, no
sanction can be drawn in favor of" popular sov-
t ereignty," as it has been recently understood.
: There is, in truth, 110 assimilation between modern
! politics, and the politics of antiquity. Among the
: ancients, political unity resided in the city. With
; us, it resides in the people of each State, expressed
I through, and embodied in, their supreme organ-
■ ism. All tho free Governments of antiquity, like
j those of the Italian Republics of the medieval pe-
! riod, were especially municipal; and they might,
! therefore, comport with the direct intervention of
' the citizens, meeting in a general assembly. Our
1 Republic, 011 the contrary, is necessarily reprc-
> sentative in its character; and, save 111 primary
! meetings, only admits the indirect action of the
people,"delegating their powers to their represent-
atives. The democracy in Athens was founded
upon a broad basis of slavery. Although Athens
was, in antiquity, the eminently democratic city,
she could not escape the normal law of class sub-
ordination—in fact, of slavery. True, that Clis-
thenes, to strengthen his power, admitted within
the ranks of the citizens the free foreign residents
and the choice of the city slaves; but this example
was not followed, and Pericles himself enacted
severe laws to check the impartment of the rights
of citizenship. Before his rule, it was enough to
have been born of an Athenian father to exercise
the rights of a citizen. But his legislation required
the origin to come from an Athenian father and
mother both; or from an Athenian father, and a
mother born in one of the cities to which the stip-
ulations of treaties allowed the marriage right.
After the restoration of the democracy by The-
sybulus, the Athenians passed more stringent
laws. They confined the civic rights to the sons
of Athenian fathers and mothers, and repealed
the marriage right previously granted to the vari-
ous cities by their treaties of alliance. Henee,
the political rights continued to be the appanage
of an exclusive class—a real nobility dt facto.
In the most prosperous days of the Republic of
Athens, the census never gave more than twenty-
four thousand citizens over twenty years of age;
a number which answers a total civic population
of some hundred thousand souls. There were,
besides, some ten thousand or free resi-
dents, not citizens, representing a population of
some forty thousand denizens. Although held
to military service, they possessed no political
rights. They were subject to a poll-tax from
wliich the citizens were free, and 110 opportunity
was allowed to pass to impress them with a sense
of their inferiority. Below these was the immense
mass of servile population, which the best calcu-
lations put at no less than three hundred and sixty
thousand. The civic population, therefore, barely
constituted one fifth, and the body of citizens
entitled to sit in the assemblies of the people,
one twentieth, of the total population of Attica.
Lastly, if we consider that the highest legislative
and judiciary trusts were the exclusive province
of tile Heliasts more than thirty years of age, and
these to the number of six thousand only, we
readily perceive that, in Attica, about one out of
every eighty persons was admitted to the full en-
joyment of political rights.
Thus much for the Athenian democracy. I
could easily show that the democracy of Rome,
resting upon tribes and centuries, with its whole
hierarchy of government founded upon wealth
and patrician descent, with its ninety-eight cen-
turies out of one hundred and ninety-three, even
in the later days of the Republic, embracing but a
small minimum of the people, yetabsolute in their
political asccndeney, was no more a democracy
than that of Athens. But I will not consume time
in the adduction of this further proof. I have ap-
pealed to these examples only to show that gov-
ernment comports neither with the independence
of individuals, nor is founded upon the basis of
a numerical majority.
I have thus shown, Mr. Chairman, that the
power of Congress in the "admission of new
States" is confined to the inspection of its " form
of government, "and thatitisdischarged whenkis
republican in form. I have argued that sovereign-
ty is embodied in and expressed through some
political organism; and that, in our system, that
organism is the convention called to create and
form a constitution. I have argued, further, that
the submission of constitutions to popular ratifi-
cation is violative of the theory of representative
government, and that it is agrarian in its tenden-
cies.
Before I pass from this branch of the subject,
I may make a remark or two upon a topic kin-
dred to those I have already discussed. Can the
constitution of Kansas be legally changed prior
to 1864? In my judgment, it cannot. There is
i a clause in the constitution of Kansas prohibiting
the assembling of a convention prior to that time,
and this inhibition precludes it. This clause is
regarded by some as a nullity. I do not so re-
gard it. Every government that is created by a
written charter rests upon it as a foundation. All
the agents under it are subordinate, and must act
in conformity to its provisions. Whenever an
ao-ent, in its exercise of power, exceeds the power
granted to it by the author of its being, such ex-
ercise of power is illegal and nugatory. A Legis-
lature, then, which is prohibited by the sovereign
authority in the organic law from assembling the
sovereign authority, acts, in thus assembling it,
