1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
against, or dehors the constitution, and the act is
void from lack of authority. Government pre-
supposes society, and society fixes a residence
for sovereignty in some political organism. Sov-
ereignty is the exponent, or rather the multiple, :
of the united wills, power, and resources of the j
political community over which it presides; and '■
it is imprisoned in this political organism by the I
dominant ascendency or the controlling: power of |
the society. Sovereignty is thus fixed and im- |
prisoned in its political abode; it may be by force, j
but its first act is to substitute law for violence,.
and order for disorder. Society ferments, welters, ;
tosses about, nntil its voice speaks calm, quiet, |
and consistency. In other words, sovereignty is !
mere domination and force compressed into a po- j
litical system,and working peaceably and harmo- j
niously. Its very existence supersedes mere brute |
violence. When it is organized it assumes a polit- I
ical character, and operates through a congeries of j
inferior systems and laws. Now, the sovereignty i
of the people, assembled otherwise than ill the j
manner pointed out by its decrees, is an appeal to :
force against law, to revolution against order, to j
anarchy against society. Itis, in fact, overthrow- ]
nig the government, and beginning where the first;
sovereignty began in its initial attempt to educe j
order out of confusion. It-is true, the sovereignty
of to-day cannot tie up the sovereignty of to- j
morrow; but that of to-day can impose a prohib- '
ition upon its agent, invoking it to-morrow; and I
if it be invoked against the prohibition, it is not 1
the sovereignty known to political philosophy, j
but a sovereignty only in virtue of brute force. :
This atonee resolves government and society into i
their constituent elements, and inaugurates anar- ]
chy or despotism. The difference between a rev- '
olutionary right and a legal right, or aright under ?
the constitution to change the constitution, is clear, .
distinct, and vital. The one is a political right;!
the other, the right of the sword. The sword may I
not be drawn from the scabbard; the olive may be j
twined around it; but itis still the sword. In gov- |
ernment men act through and under its forms; in
revolution, they actabovc and against these forms. ;
These reflections I have thought it proper to make
upon a point some what agitated in the discussions ;
upon the admission of Kansas, both m this House j
and m the Senate. It is a point, however, to be i
settled by others, and cannot legitimately do more
than exercise the ingenuity and acumen of Con-
gress. I have touchcd upon it only with the view
of saving myself from being classed with those
who confound revolutionary with constitutional
rights in a people. !
I approach now, Mr. Chairman, the second ;
proposition which I laid down in the beginning 1
of my remarks—the expediency of the admission !
of Kansas into the Union. I have no threats to j
make, because I do not allow them to be made ,
against me. But the sky is full of omens, and v/e J
may partially read the future through their in- i
structive teachings. In our history, crowded j
withgreatevents, no spectacle presents itself more ,
imposing in form and outline than that which is [
now unmasking itself. Three States, with con- i
stitutions in their hands, are asking for entrance ]
into the American sisterhood. One comes from
the land of prairies; and though her admission ,
swells the free-State power, her outstretched hand j
is readily taken by the South. Another is coming j
from close by the setting sun; and though she, I
■ too, has joined the free-State band, a cordial greet-
ing is given to her by us of tiie South, us she
sweeps on to occupy Sier starry place. Next Kan-
sas conies, warm with a southern sun, and es-
corted by the memories of trials and troubles and
suft'eringspassed. Comes she to widen the Federal
circle anu strengthen stiil its bands? Will you,
men of the North, give'to her a cordial greeting?
Will you, members of the Republican party,
reject her? If so, why and wherefore ? Do you I
want an enabling act? Did you have one for the ;
Topeka convention? And did you not lasciv- '
iously embrace the work of that rebellious mob,
and offer to open wide tiie por*,Ms of the Union to !
Kansas, brought to us then under the auspices of ]
violence and blood and insurrection ? Do youde- 1
mand the ratification oi' the constitution by pop-
ular suffrage ? Did you have it for the Topeka
constitution when, bom of rebellion, covered with ,
. crime, stained with usurpation, it came to us
trampling upon law, confiscating property, and !
wagmg war upon the constitution ? Will you call ;
the parsimonious and attenuated contrivance for
collecting the popular will, and the meager vote,
even of the rebels, in favor of that sarcasm upon
constitutions, a provision for, and an expression
of, the public will ? If so, you plant snares against
the people, and strangle their will by the very ma-
chinery contrived to express it. No; you reject
Kansas now, neither because of the lack of an
enabling act, nor the failure to submit the consti-
tution to a vote of the people. Why, then, do
you reject her? Because she recognizes and pro-
tects slavery in her constitution. Sir, in your
Philadelphia platform there are canonical words,
declaring that " no slave State shall hereafter be
admitted into the Union." In pursuance of this
fixed and relentless policy, you reject Kansas.
The leader of the Free-soil cohorts, the anointed
preacher of this new evangel, [Mr. Seward,] has
recently told us, from the other wing of the Capitol,
that the battle was "already foughtand won." He
said, also, that an organization only a little more
perfect was needed for the North to take posses-
sion of every department of the Government, and
wield its powerforthebenefitand aggrandizement
of herself. Yes, Congress, the Executive, and
even the Supieme Court, were to be used by her
for plunder and fanaticism. To keep the South in
afixedand hopeless minority, no slave State was
hereafter to bo admitted; while all the power and
machinery of the Government were to be appro-
priated by the North to plunder and oppress her.
Reject a siave State because of slavery in her con-
stitution, and I tell you that you will shake this
Federal temple from turret to foundation stone.
Tell the South that you reject a slave State to keep
her m a minority, that you may plunder her, and
I tell you that no Federal tax-gatherer, though
backed by all the legions of the North, will ever
again tread her soil. The Republican party,
through the power of the free States, may take
possession of the Government, but I tell them
they will clutch only a phantom. Whenever their
work of incendiary propagandism shall begin,
whenever their work of revolution shall begin,
this Union will end. It may end in peace, or it
may end in blood; but end it will. Sir, peace
may be bought too dearly; it always is, when it
is bough tat the price of honor, independence, and
manhood.
And how fares it with the Democrats of the
North, who now oppose the admission of Kan-
sas? Do they want an enabling act? Do they
want a submission of the constitution to the vote
of the people? Their great leader [Judge Doug-
las] siiys that these are not indispensable. What,
then, do they require? Some proof, say they,
that the constitution embodies the public will.
What proof can you have outside (tf law? How
can you reach the public will otherwise than
through the forms and agencies of law ? Society
and government are but organized forms of the
public will; and this will, in the existence of so-
ciety and government, is afterward reached by
inferior and suboidinate forms. The ballot-box
itself is but a form; is but a contrivance of law in
ascertaining it. The expression of the public will
in any government is a legal act. The right to
vote is not a natural right; it is a political right,
and its exercise is not compulsory. The will of
those who so vote, must stand for the will of those
who do not vote. The ballot-box is but a con-
trivance for collecting and expressing the public
will; the public will is collected in and expressed
through the constitutional convention in a much
higher and grander form. How, then, do you
deny that the constitution of Kansas embodies the
will of the people of Kansas, unless you mean to
seek that will outside of the legal means? You
! Lave that will through the convention; you have
j n, also, through the ballot-box, in the elections
i on the 21st December, and those arc the only legal
| means known to us. The votes cast on the 4th
I of January for and against the constitution were
[ cast without sanction of law, and were, therefore,
] nullities. They cannot be known to us. f'n a
I political society no political act can be known
j otherwise than through law.
| The tendency of the opinion I am now renro-
j bating, is to degiade popular sovereignty into the
■ •' sovereignty of the populace," as it has been
I happily termed by my colleague in the Senate,
i [Mr. Hammond,] m his recent able, eloquent, and
unanswerable speech upon this subject. The
I " sovereignty of the populace" is no! only above
law, but it is against law. The moment you go
outside of the forms of law to ascertain the public
will, you go to revolution. If you want the public
will embodied in and expressed through the forms
of law, you have it; if you want more, you must
go to revolution and anarchy.
In 1854, the northern advocates of the Ne-
braska-Kansas bill urged the passage of the bill
to invest the people with the right to govern them-
selves. They appealed to the spirit of the Rev-
olution, and marshaled before us, in shadowy
pomp, the memories of the founders of the Repub-
lic. Their appeals stirred the blood, urged on
the flagging judgment, and the bill passed. The
people of Kansas became invested with the right
to govern themselves. In pursuance of this right,
and of the provisions of this bill, they now come
to us for admission into the Union. And now
how fares it with these Paladins of popular sov-
ereignty ? Their swords flash no longer against
the Black Republican Saracens, but are bared in
relentless fight against their own chosen doctrine.
We are told that Congress must govern the Ter-
ritory of Kansas; that the inhabitants of Kansas
must be kept in a state of pupilage. Is it from
love of law? No; for you tread law in the dust in
doing this. Is it from love of liberty ? No; for
liberty lives only in law, and speaks only through
its forms.
Sir, I will not say that these gentlemen are in-
cited by solicitude for the torrent of fanaticism
now swelling and surging behind them. 1 will
not say that they are stirred to it by the lust of
power and domination. But the one or the other
may not be entirely absent. The old leaven of
domination may be working now, as it woiked
eighty years ago. Gouverneur Morris, in a let-
ter to Henry W. Livingston, dated December 4,
1803, says:
i perceive, bow, that I mistook the drift of your in-
quuy. which is, substantially, whether the Congress can
admit, as a new State, ten itory which did not belong to the
United States, when the Constitution was made? In my
opinion, they cannot. T alwavs thought that when we
should aivmre Canada and Louisiana, it would be proper t j
govern them as provinces, and allow them no voice in our
councils. In wording the thud section of the fourth aiticle,
I wenf as far as circumstances would permit to establish
the exclusion. Candor obliges me to add my belief that,
had it been more pointedly expressed, a strong opposition
would Kane been made."
In his view, the " old thirteen States" were to
be constructed into a political hierarchy, resting
upon, and governing provinces, with absolute des-
potism, Our eagles were to be carried as were
carried the eagles of Rome, until, with the waftuve
of their wings, they had fanned away the pride
and pomp and power of surrounding nations, and
this whole continent was embraced in the meshes
of our proconsular despotism. The old thirteen,
like a Corinthian shaft, was to spire upward to
the heavens; but it was to rest upon a dome cov-
ering blood and rapine and tyranny. Has the
ghost of this murdered scheme come back unan-
nealed and blood-boltered, to spell your gaze with
its basilisk fascination ? Do you want to conquer
States and provinces, and send forth proconsuls
covered with pomp, and backed by legions, to glut
your greed upon plundered wealth, and sate your
lust of power on ruined victims? Do you want
a triumphal march to the Capitol, with the spoils
of plundered provinces to deck your pathway, and
an enslaved people gathered around your chariot
wheels? If you do, the genius of the country,
the spirit of the Government, will war against and
war you down. If you do not, this sacrilegious
end may be accomplished by your policy.
Sir, we are at a critical point in our history.
Agrarianism is facing law, and disorder smiting
at order. The guarantees of the Constitution are
in peril, and the sanctity of that instrument is
threatened with invasion. Constitutions are about
to be confounded with laws, and the great parti-
tions of power are being broken down. The doc-
trine of the numerical majority inaugurates the
reign of brute force. It brings with it the demon
of discord, fire-tongued arid red-lipped, to do its
work of confusion, confiscation, and blood. Sir,
this doctrine can only be enthroned upon the ruins
of the Constitution; it can only draw life from
the corpse of the Republic; and when it is en-
throned, and life imparted to it, the pestilent ex-
halations will smite down genius and law and
order and patriotism, as the fabulous exhalations
of the Averman marsh smote down tho perish-
ing bird with its stifling vapors. There is no curse
