1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1018
so bitter and blasting to a political society as the I
rule of a mob; on«l, under these stimulating here- ;
sies, the numerical majority will become but a j
mob. Sir, against the banns about to solemnize
the marriage between fanaticism and brute force,
I solemnly protest. I protest in the name of the
Republic, its memories and its hopes. The star
of our destiny has led us from triumph to triumph,
and from conqucstto conquest; it still shines upon,
and lures us on from summit to summit of power
and renown; and from each ascending oliff we
behold still broader and richer landscapes unfold-
ing around us. Shall we pause in this morg than
Olympic career of greatness, hearken to the orgies
of fanaticism, and then, with lowered colors and
muffled drum, march back along that downward
road already trodden hard by the footsteps of gen-
erations dead and buried, and still covered with
the wrecks of systems barbarous and systems
riascent and systems more advanced, but blindly
struggling? Against this consummation, may I
not appeal to those who have worn the amulets
of the Democracy, to array themselves? They
have carried its flag in many a fight. Will they
now fly from the field, and abandon their old com-
rades ?
Sir, events are drifting to a dissolution of the
Confederacy. The slavery question, it would
seem, will split it, as it has hitherto preserved it.
Feud, rivalry, jealousy, class strife at the North,
have been kept down by a foreign war, by that
section, against the South. But for this, they
would long since have risen up and shaken down
the fabric of Governme,n t and society. The South,
too, has been made firmer, and pressed closer to-
gether by her resistance to this war. Through
it both sections are being rapidly consolidated.
This consolidation has hitherto been prevented
by the Democratic party. Its ranks are now
being thinned by desertion, and broken through
by assaults. When it gives way, the bands of
this Union will be burst asunder. The President
still stands firm, crowned with civic honors, cov-
ered with the love of the people, and guarded by
the patriotism of the country; he still holds the
citadel of the Constitution, and has planted its flag
upon the topmost turret. The South sustains
him, and the "old guard of the free States" have
locked their shields around him. They have re-
jected the blandishments of local patronage and
the seductions of leaders once trusted, and have
stood to their duty and their colors. The "old
guard" of Napoleon, which had carried his eagles
all over Europe, and shaken them out only in
victory, were drawn up to see the Louvre stripped
of the glories and trophies they had gathered
there, and to give in their adhesion to the new
powers. They saw glories and trophies disap-
pear both; and stirred no feature, and moved not
a step, while these were borne away. But when
their loyalty was asked to the new powers, they
indignantly scorned the proposal. Like the "old
guard" of "Napoleon stands the old guard of De-
mocracy in the free States; it still stands true to
the traditions and testimonials and histories of
its past; it scorns the advances of fanaticism;
nor, without striking a blow, will it allow one of
its glories to be sullied, or one of its trophies to
be removed. Will you, wno have been in this
old guard, take your former place 111 its ranks; or
will you go over to another standard, and swell
the legions of the enemy ? Your ans wer will be
historical. Make it well, and make it wisely.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Chairman, I propose
submitting some remarks, at this time, upon the
present aspect of the. Kansas question, and the
course I shall probably feel it my duty t.o pursue
in relation to that subject.
1 have thus far in the session carefully abstained
from takingany part in the discussion of the vexed
question, deeming tho premature introduction of
the subject into the debates of Congress as ex-
ceedingly unfortunate, because calculated to lead
to bad feeling in the Democratic party and the
country. In my judgment, it would have been
far better for all concerned if the matter had been
left alone until it came up legitimately for the ac-
tion of Congress.
The time for action, however, has arrived; and
I shall not shrink from discharging the duty which
devolves upon me as one of the Representatives
of the people.
Sir, it is either my good or ill fortune to have
been, in some sort, o, participator in the legislation
pertaining to Kansas since the subject was intro-
duced in the Thirty-Third Congress. At that
time I was a member of the Committee on Terri-
tories, which was charged with the consideration
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and although not
concurring in the propriety of bringing the meas-
ure forward at that time, I believed the principle
it contained right, and gave it my most zealous
and cordial support. I not only gave it the sup-
port of my vote and my voice, on the floor of the
House of Representatives, but labored for its suc-
cess many anxious days and nights as a member
of an advisory or vigilance committee which was
called into being by the friends of the bill, in cau-
cus; and, sir, I may addf, that I am not entirely
ignorant of the inside history of that great, and
for some time, uncertain contest.
The passage of the bill did not, as many fondly
hoped, prove a termination to the struggle. It
was but adjourned to another arena;and we north-
ern supporters of the measure went home to en-
[ counter an opposition, the fierce and vindictive
1 character of which our southern brethren have
| scarcely a conception; and which, I am sorry to
: be compelled to add, I fear they did not fully ap-
preciate, or have too soon forgotten. We were
i denounced as dough-faces and traitors; ournames
' were paraded in the papers of the day, in largo
' type, cncircled with black lines, and headed,
| "The roll of infamy;" we were hung in effigy,
I and every indignity that the ingenuity and mahg-
| nity of fanaticism could devise was heaped upon
I us. And, sir, it should not be forgotten, that
i when we men of the North went forth toencoun-
I ter this fearful army of fanatics, this great army
| of Abolitionists, Know Nothings, and Republi-
i cans combined, you, gentlemen of the South, wore
1 at home at your ease, because you had not run
I counter to the sympathies and popular sentiments
of your people; yn\i went with the current—toe
: against it. We risked everything—you compar-
atively nothi ng; and now 1 appeal to you whether,
' for the sake of an empty triumph of no perma-
nent benefit to you or your '• peculiar institu-
tion," you Will turn a deaf ear to our earliest
entreaties for such an adjustment of this question
as will enable us to respect the wishes of our con-
stituents and maintain the union and integrity of
our party at home: Look to it, ye men of the
South, that you do not, for a mere shadow, strike
j down or drive from you your only effective sup-
; port outside the limits of your own States! When
; your peculiar institutions are assailed,when Cuba
and the countries south of our present limits get
ready to come to us—as they will in God's own
good time—then you will want our aid, as you
; have on previous occasions—as you did ill the
\ case of Texas; and then you will appreciate how
j unwise it was to have made a stand upon your
' present weak and untenable position—a position
! which can do you no good, hut may do your
northern brethren infinite evil. To save the nation-
1 alityof the Democratic party, this contest, which
has been going on for some time between Demo-
: cratic leaders and Know-Nothing leaders at the
South, to prove which was the most exclusively
devoted to southern institutions, must be aban-
| doned, otherwise the Democratic party South
i will become as sectional as the Abolitionists and
i Republicans of the North. Sir, I claim to be
I one of the old Democratic guard; one of those
! who never gave an opposition vote; never know-
' ingly varied the shadow of a shade from Demo-
! cratic principles, or pandered in the slightest dc-
I gree to Free-Soil prejudices; and I tell you plainly
| there are some things We have not the strength
to do at the North, even if we had the disposition,
j Sir, if defeat followed the passage of a measure
I which we all agreed was founded upon ajust prin-
ij ciple, what may we expect from the uncondi-
!; tional ad mission of Kansas under the Lecompton
i constitution, which nine tenths of the people of
!' the free States hold to be a fraud, and at war with
j' the plainest principles of justice and republican
; government?
Where are the men of the North who voted tor
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill in this
House' I look around the Hall in vain for their
familiar faces. Sii, they are not here. The gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence and
Mr. J. Gi.ancy Jones] and myself are the spared
monuments of mercy; being the only persons
vntin"- for the bill who have retained seats upon
tiiisfhW. And 1,1 th; Senate. I am toll, but one
northern man who voted for it has been reelect-
ed. Sir, the passage of that bill was followed
by overwhelming defeat of the Democracy in
all the northern States; but the popular sover-
eignty feature of the measure was fast finding
favor with the people, and, with judicious man-
agement, the Democracy would soon have been
restored to its former ascendency in the free
States. It was this feature, which lies at the
foundation, and is the very corner-stone upon
which our political institutions are built, tiie
right op the people to govern and of the ma-
jority to role, which gave the measure value in
the estimation of the people of the North. That
doctrine was well understood by them, and wag
near and dear to their hearts. It was expected
that the fullest and fairest opportunity would be
given to the people of Kansas to determine <vhat
should be the character of their domestic institu-
tions, and that they would be protected and se-
cured in the enjoyment of this right; and hald this
been done I am sure the Democracy of my State
would have been satisfied. It is not true that the
northern Democracy are opposed to the admis-
sion of any more slave States. I distinctly assert
that I do not know one Democrat, in all the North,
who would not favor the admission of a State
with a slavery constitution if it was the fairly and
legally expressed will of the people of such State;
and whoever asserts or insinuates to the contrary,
grossly misrepresents the position of the northern
Democracy. We have nointention of preventing
the just expansion of the South, holding tha't there
is room and verge enough for all in our present
wide domain; and that, if there is not, we will,at
the right time, and m the right way, expand our
territorial limits. Our southern brethren may rest
assured we have no intention of doing them in-
justice, but we must (irmly adhere to correct prin-
ciples. J stated long ago, in my place in the
House of Representatives, that if Kansas pre-
sented herself for admission with a slavery consti-
tution, ratified by a majority of her people, I
would vote for her admission. I Said so before
my constituents, I say so here to-day; and I be-
lieve that this is tho universal sentiment of the
Democracy of the free States. I should do this,
not because I love the institution of slavery, for
I do not, but because it is a matter which each
State or Territory ought to decide for itself.
Sir, those who are familiar with my political
history know that there is no stain of Free-Soil-
isrn in my record; and this is more than can be
said of your Van Burens and Dixes, and many
other self-constituted leaders of the Lecompton
Democracy, outside as well as inside, the walls of
Congress. Why, sir, I was particularly struck
witl°the fact, that of the six speakers at two re-
cent Lecompton demonstrations of some note,
not one of thorn could boast of a clear and con-
sistent Democratic record of ten years standing;
and yet these are the men who assume tho right
to arraign those who have consistently devoted
their whole lives to the service of the Democratic
party!
A late number of the Indianapolis Journal, the
Republican organ of my State, says:
" If theic is a man in Indiana that we should have been
willing to bet would follow the President and slavery to
ativ extreme, that man is William H. English, ol Scott
county. His devotion to his party, and to tho recognized
leaders of his party, lias heen the most prominent ehaiac-
ter in his composition. His diatnet is intenselyDemocratic.
It was one of tho two tliat was not quite overflowed by the
freshet nt 1834. His precedemsand surroundings, therefore,
cntoinlv iustifled the belief that he would stand by the
remilar organization to the last. But some influence 1km
strengthened lnm to do right m spite of the powei and prcs-
ti"e of the President, who, as he is incapable of heresy,
nccewnnJv makes the party he heads the1 regular organi-
zation ' lie rKsoiisH] has firmly adhered to his principles,
and seen his'party drift away from him without apparent
001100™.''
Well, Mr. Chairman, I plead guilty to being
devoted to tire Democratic party. Regarding as
1 do the principles of that party as the true prin-
ciples of the Government, and best calculated to
secure the happiness of the people, I have clung
to it with unswerving fidelity under all circum-
stances. I do not mean to say that the Demo-
cratic party is always right upon all subjects; but
I have thought, and still think, it more nearly so
than any other political organization; and that,
even if wrong on an isolated measure, I could do
more good by slaying in that party, and laboring
. to ?et it right, than in any other position. I re-
!: spc'-t and venerate the President of the United
