1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
she offended, that she should be denied the ben-
efit of legislation founded upon " correct princi-
ples?" Sir, I have been taught that it was wrong
to abandon principle for expediency, and that,,
when I knew a thing to be right, I should carry
it out, no matter what the consequences to my-
self. If gentlemen on the other side of this ques-
tion agree with me that the President was right
in proclaiming the true doctrine to be that con-
stitutions, framed by a convention of delegates,
" should be subject to the approval and ratification of
the people," then the only difference between us
is, that they hold to one thing and do another,
wlit'; re as I am for carrying into execution that
which I believe to be correct; and if I am to be
struck down for this, I shall at least maintain my
own self-respect arid the approval of my own
conscience, and have the high authority of the
President of the United States for saying that I
shall fall in defense of" correct principles."
Sir, it was wise and patriotic and just for the
President to instruct Governor Walker " in gen-
eral and unqualified terms,"" in favor of submit-
ting the constitution to the people " of Kansas; and
had this Democratic policy been adhered to, the
present bitter cup would have been passed from
lis. It was a departure from these instructions
that has occasioned all the trouble.
Am I to be told that the submission of the sla-
very clause to a vote on the 21st of December was
a substantial compliance with the doctrine of pop-
ular sovereignty ? I am notable, Mr. Chairman,
to see it in that light. Sir, the Kansas-Nebraska
bill provided that the people should be left " per-
fectly free to form and regulate their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way." Negro slavery is
not the only domestic institution, or the one, in
my judgment, the most sacred. I always heard
that the relation of husband and wife, parent and
child, guardian and ward, and many others, near
and dear to every civilized community, are " do-
mestic institutions;" and that the people ought
to have a voice xn forming and regulating them;
but this great right has been denied them under
the Lecompton constitution. They were to vote
on the slavery clause, but nothing else. Was that
right ? Suppose the constitution had expressly
sanctioned polygamy, or any other monstrosity:
were they to have no voice in voting the foul thing
down? Were they to swallow all, and content
themselves with the poor privilege of voting on
slavery? Sir, this pretended submission was in
reality no submission at all. In the language of
the Democratic Executive of that glorious old
Commonwealth which has been denominated
" the mother of States and of statesmen,"
"It was cx parte; it was all on one side; it\v35.. in gam-
bling phrase, the foul' beads I wm and tails you losethe
constitution was obliged to be adopted, with the clause or
without the clause; the vote was bound to be jor the
constitution,'' it was ail pro and no con., and we say that
was no submission to an election at all. Election is choice
of alternatives, to adopt or reject; to reject as well as adopt,
to adopt as well as reject.
<- There was no choice in this case, and no equality ot
voters in the case. Three men went to the polls: A said,
>I vote for the constitution, with or without the clause.
but B and C said, * We vote against it, with or without the
clause ' Vs vote was counted, B's and €«s were not to be
counted ; and thus one was made not only toolVettwo, but
to he sole substitute in fact for three a^ainft toe majority ot
two to one out of three Now, this was but l'u* unvailca
trickery and shameless fraud ot a so called schedule, inere
was neither light nor justice in it."
No, Mr. Chairman, it was not a submission of
the constitution to a vote of the people at all,
neither was it a fair submission of the slavery
clause. It was a trick and a fraud from beginning
10 end, for, even had a majority voted against the
slavery clause, the constitution was so iramerl
that slavery would still have remained a perma-
nent institution in the State.
I understand there are now many hundred slaves
in Kansas; and from the following provisions
which would have remained in the constitution,
even if the slavery clause had been voted down,
it will be seen that they and their descendants
would have remained slaves forever:
"The right of pinperty in slaves now m the Territory
shall m no manner be mlerfeied wiU'_-
" No alteialiou shall be mat!" to atltiet the light ol prop-
erty in the ownership of slaves."
I have no doubt it was for these reasons, in
part, that the free-State men declined to vote on
the 21st of December. They considered the de-
nial to them of the privilege of voting upon tne
whole constitution a fraud upon their rights, and
the pretended submission of the slavery question
as a mockery and a cheat.
But, sir, there is another reason why they did
not vote on that day, which I now propose to
consider, and which I conceive to be one of the
most important features of this whole case.
We are told by the President, in his message
accompanying the Lecompton constitution, that
" the will of the majority is supreme and irresist-
ible, when expressed orderly and in a lawful man-
ner; it can unmake constitutions at pleasure."
Now, for the sake of argument, let us suppose
that everything was regular up to the 21st of De-
cember, and that the legal inference from the vote
on that day was that the Lecompton constitution
embodied the will of the people of Kansas, and
then let us apply the President's doctrine, just
quoted, to events which have subsequently trans-
pired, and I think we shall find not the least trou-
ble in coming to the conclusion that the people of
Kansas, " in an orderly and lawful manner," have
unmade the so-called Lecompton constitution, and
are not asking admission into the Union under it;
and that the free-State men aie not so censurable,
after all, for not voting on the 21st of December.
Sir, it is well known that, before that day arrived,
the acting Governor of the Territory convened
the Territorial Legislature, and that Legislature
passed an act submitting the Lecompton consti-
tution fully and fairly to a vote of the people, on
the 4th day of January. The free-State men very
naturally preferred voting on the 4th, when they
could vote on thetohole question, under a. fair law,
passed, without dispute, by their own represent-
atives, rather than on the 21st, which was pro-
vided for by delegates of questionable authority,
representing, at best, but a fragment of the peo-
ple, and which only provided for a vote on one
clause of the constitution, and that unfairly sub-
| mitted. Still, I think it would have been better
I to have voted upon both occasions; but I have no
I doubt the free-State men were influenced, to a
great extent, by the considerations to which I
have alluded.
In speaking of the free-State men m this con-
nexion, J mean those who were for law and order,
and not those factionists, headed by Jim Lane,
and men of that class, whose chief object was to
produce confusion and mischief; who live upon
agitation, and whoare justly responsible for most
of the trouble in that Territory. The fault is not
in the Kansas-Nebraska law itself; for that law,
faithfully executed, would secure peace and hap-
piness to the people, as it has done in Nebraska;
all the trouble in Kansas can be traced to a vio-
lation of the letter or spirit of that Kansas-JNe-
braska bill, and not to the bill itself.
The election of the 4th of January was pro-
vided for by a wise and just law, emanating from
the proper law-making power of the Territory;
and it will be seen by reading the following sec-
tion, that the whole question was fairly submit-
ted:
I " Be it enacted hj the Governor an! Legislatice dssetiiMy
■ of the. Territory of Kansas, as follows:
" section 1. That an election shall be held on the first
Monday m Januaiy, A. D. 1858, between the hours of nine
o'clock, a. m., ami six o'clock, p. m., at which all the bona
fide mate inhabitants of the Temtory of Kansas, over tn ei -
ty-one years of age. who are citizens ot the United btate,,
or wlio'have declared (on oath) then intention to t>ec°in
such, and who shall have resided m said Termors thirty
davs next preceding said election, and ten days ill the
county wherein said persons offer to vote, may vote tor the
ratification or i ejection of the constitution adopted by the
late constitutional convention at Lec®mPt0^2l°^'^cJ
under the act of the 19th of February, A. I). 18^7, entitled
l < An act to provide for the takins of a census and election
■ of delegates to a convention.' The voting «ha1l be by 1bal-
1 lot, a* follows: Those voting for ?aid constitution with the
i aiticle entitled £ slavery,' shall cast a ballotWltl\f1,e
! < For the constitution framed at Lecompton, witU &Jav®r*'
and those voting for the constitution and against the article
i entitled ' slavery,' shall cast a ballot with the word*,, *' or
; the constitution framed at Lecompton,
and those voting agamst the constitution shall east a ballot
i with the words4 Against the constitution framed at Leeomp-
; ton.
the 7th instant, and wbile it remains in session its members
are entitled to be secure and free in their deliberations. Its
rightful action must also be respected.
4£ Should it authorize an election by the people for any
purposes, this election should be held without interruption,
no less than those authorized by the convention."
In accordance with the spirit of these instruc-
tions, General Denver, on the 26th of December,
issued a proclamation to the people of Kansas, i\\
which he alludes to the fact that the c< constitu-
tion is also to be submitted to a vote of the peo-
ple on the 4th proximo, by an act of the Legisla-
ture approved December 17, 1857;" and goes on
to say that " it is the anxious desire of the Pres-
ident that the approaching: elections shall be fairly
held, and that every one shall have free access to
the polls without being subjected to violence or
intimidation." It will be observed that the in-
structions of General Cass, and the proclamation
of Governor Denver, were written after the 21st of
December, and therefore applied, not to the elec-
tion on that day, but expressly to the one to be
holden on the 4th day of January.
Here, then, was an election held in pursuance
of a law which all must admit was fair and just
in its provisions. It was an election recognized
by the President, by the Secretary of State, and
by the Governor of Kansas. It was an election
fairly conducted, and at which there was a large
vote of the people, as will be seen from the fol-
lowing proclamation, made by the Governor:
in accordance with the provisions of an act entitled "An
act submitting the constitution framed at Lecompton under
the act of the Legislative Assembly of Kansas Territory,
entitled ' An act to provide for taking a census and election
of delegates to a convention,' passed February 19, A. D.
1857," the undersigned announce the following as the ofii-
cial vote of the people of Kansas Territory on the questions
as therein submitted on the 4th day of January, l&>8: Agamst
the Lecompton constitution, 10,226: for the Lecompton con-
stitution with slavery, 138; for the Lecompton constitution
without slavery,24. ... ,
Some precincts have not yet sent in their returns, but tne
above is the complete vote received to this date.
J.W.DENVER,
Secretary and Acting Governor.
*C. W. BABCOCK,
President of the Council.
G. W. DEITZLER,
Speaker House Representatives.
January 26,18o8. x
Now, according to Calhoun's returns, the vote
cast on the 21st of December stood, for the con-
stitution with slavery, 6,140; for the constitution
without slavery, 560. Of this number over three
thousand are said to have been fraudulent votes;
but even admitting them all to be legal, it will still
be seen that there is a very large majority of the
people of Kansas against the Lecompton consti-
tution. • .*,11
I hope I shall be pardoned for saying that 1
conceive the attempt made to show that the peo-
ple of Kansas recognized and approved the Le-
compton constitution, because a portion of them
voted for State officers on the 4th, is too feeble and
, frivolous to require comment. The free-State men
1 who did vote, voted under protest, and for the sole
' purpose of covering the contingency of that con-
stitution being forced upon them by Congress;
and at the same time they voted against the whole
constitution, by over ten thousand majority, thus
expressly precluding any inference of favor, which
might be drawn from the vote for State officers.
It sounds strangely inconsistent to me, to hear
gentlemen contend that Kansas should come m
under the Lecompton constitution, because the
tree-State men did not vote on the 31st of Decem-
ber; and, in the next breath, that she should be.
admitted, because a portion of them did vote on
the 4th of January. It is too much like the old
story, "I'll take the turkey, and you may have
the crow; or you may take the crow, and 1 11 have
the turkey." There is no fairness in it. _
Here then, at this 4th of January election, we
find the undoubted will of the people of Kansas
" expressed orderly and in a lawful manner; ana
if " the will of the majority is supreme and lr-
resistible," and "can unmake constitutions at
pleasure," it seems to me that our duty; is j>lam
in relation to this matter.
I think we should re-
i nesaiue i-<c^isitiiuie r---- u unciauuu   , ,,
to pi-event fraudulent voting, all of wluch were  p- ; gar(} the Lecompton constitution as unmade,
proved by the Governor, and, apparently, by the ,6 f.. ,n the
Administration at Washington. On the 23d of
ilU tllllllBUi iai/ t     fC(
December, General Cass, the Secretary of State,
wrote to General Denver, the Governor ot Kan-
sas, as follows:
" Everv poison entitled to vote on the constitution ought
to have safe access to the polls, and be ree fro,m aH re-
paints whatever in the exercise ol the electno franchise.
" The Tcriuorial Legislature was doubtless convened on
repudiated, rendered null and void; and (as m the
case of Minnesota) adopt legislation based upoti
the " correct principles" alluded to by the Pres-
ident in his annual message. I believe this wou il
be the shortest and surest and best way to settle
the whole question, and secure peace and har-
mony to the country. I prefer this plan; but it
does not follow that I may not, as a last result
