IM0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
fed a choice of evils, go for some other. I have !
heard other plans mentioned, which, under such j
circumstances as I have just stated, I might be
induced to go for; but they all look to the ascer-
taining and carrying out of the will of the people
of Kansas. I deeply sympathize with the Pres-
ident in his desire to got rid of this question, and
would be inclined to make any reasonable sacri-
fice to secure that desirable result; but I do not
believe agitation and strife will ever cease until
the constitution is made to conform to the will of
the people of Kansas. I do not wish to make
sacrifices which, so far from securing peace, will
tend to add to the discord already unfortunately
prevailing.
I am not one of those who believe that unquali-
fied admission under the Lecompton constitution
will localize the agitation of the slavery question
and restore peace to the country. No one will
rejoice more than I, should this be the result; but
my fear is, that these expectations are not to be
realized. This is not the first time that I have
heard there was to be an end of slavery agita-
tion, but that point I think will not be attained by
forcing the Lecompton constitution uncondition-
ally upon the people of Kansas against their well-
known and clearly expressed will. Sir, will it
not be the signal for such agitation as the coun-
try has never known, and instead of withdrawing
troops from Kansas for the service in Utah, will
not still more troops be required to aid the two
thousand pro-slavery men m Kansas to force
the institution of slavery down the throats of the
fifteen thousand free-State men m that Terri-
tory ?
If so decided an expression of the people's will
as that of the 4th of January is to be totally dis-
regarded, what reason have we to rely upon the
mere declaration that the will of the people of Kan-
sas " is supreme," and that they " can unmake
constitutions at pleasure ?" I think with the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Groesbeck,] that, "if
the majority can overturn a living, binding consti-
tution, regardless of its provisions, it would seem
that the same majority have some control over a
constitution not yet vitalized, and which, as yet,
is but inchoate, and vests no rights."
But, Mr. Chairman, I am not goinginto the ab-
stract question of the right of the people to change
their organic law at any time; but I do say that
the regular and proper way to do so is in the man-
ner and at the time pointed out in the constitu-
tion itself. The Constitution of the United States
points out the way in which that instrument may
be amended; and what a dangerous doctrine it
would be to assert, that it might be amended in
some other and different way. We all remember
how Governor Dorr and his followers were de-
nounced as rebels and traitors for making some
such attempt in Rhode Island.
•And again, who knows what is the political
complexion of the Kansas State Legislature? I
have no confidence in John Calhoun; and, until
it is officially proclaimed otherwise, shall believe
it is his intention to return a majority of Lecomp-
ton men elected. Under this state of the case,
what assurance have we that the voice of the
people will not be stifled if they again attempt to
declare against or alter the Lecompton constitu-
tion ? Will they not be denounced as traitors and
rebels, and forced to submit at the point of the
bayonet? The gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Keitt,] who addressed the committee this
morning, and who may justly be regarded as a
southern leader and exponent of southern opin-
ions, has frankly told us that if Kansas is admit-
ted under the Lecompton constitution, he holds
that it cannot be changed before 18o4. The utter
disregard paid to the vote of the 4th of January;
the fact that many southern rrren already deny
that the constitution can be changed before 18G4;
and, in fact, the whole past history of Kansas,
lead me to distrust the efficacy of these abstract
assertions, that the people have the right to change
their organic law at any time.
If it is true, as I believe, that a majority of anti-
Lecompton men have been fairly elected to the
Kansas Legislature, let that fact be at once offi-
cially proclaimed, and then reduce your abstract
assertions to a tangible and practical shape, and
put it as a condition in the act of admission, se-
curing beyond all reasonable question a fair ex-
pression of the will of the people whenever they
see-proper to exercise it in a lawful manner, and
providing for carrying that will faithfully into ex-
ecution, no matter what it may be; antf then we
shall have more confidence that the public will is
not to be trampled in the dost; and, for one, I shall
be induced to hope that it may lead to such a so-
lution of the trouble as will at least be acquiesced
in by the Democratic party generally. I am not
one of those impracticables who cling to mere ab-
stractions; who disregard entirely party obliga-
tions and the pressure of circumstances; who pay
no deference to the judgment of others, or " hate
the word compromise." On the contrary, I should
feel myself at liberty to choose the least of two
evils, if forced to choose between them at all; and
I frankly declare that I should rejoice to see such
an adjustment of this question as would tend to
harmonize the Democratic party, save its nation-
ality, and prevent its defeat, North or South; and
I am not without hope that this desirable result
might be attained, if gentlemen here would set
about it in earnest, and in the right spirit Pro-
scription, however, will not secure it, nor will mis-
representation or denunciation.
Sir, I know that hot-headed and indiscreet men
are endeavoring to make this question override all
others,and, in the most uncharitable and intoler-
ant spirit, would, if they could, " crush out" every
thing like independence of thought and action in
relation to it. Sir, no course could be more unjust,
more unwise, or better calculated to do serious
and ineparable injury to the Democratic party
and the country. Youwellknow,Mr. Chairman,
that it seldom happens that the views and opin-
ions of a Representative of the people agree en-
tirely, and upon all questions, with those of the
Executive, and that a difference of opinion upon
an isolated measure is not regarded as proof of
party abandonment. To enforce a different rule
would be to destroy the very essence of repre-
sentative government. This Congress has been
in session but a short time, and yet several marked 1
instances have been developed where Democratic I
Representatives and Senators have differed with
the Administration upon important questions, in-
volving great principles too, but without for a
moment having their party fidelity suspected. It
is but a few days since the recommendation of
the President in reference to an increase of the
Army was voted down by a Democratic Senate.
It is well known that a considerable number of
southern Democrats on this floor, perhaps a ma-
jority, take issue with the President's views in
relation to the constitutionality and expediency
of extending Government aid to the construction
of a railroad to the Pacific; but I have not heard
that such gentlemen are, for that leason, to be
read out of the Democratic party. Neither have
I heard that those gentlemen are to bo read out
who could not join with mem sustaining the Pres-
ident's policy m relation to our neutrality laws
and the Walker expedition. I might mention
other cases, but these will suffice. Is it intended
to have one rule applicable to gentlemen from the ;
South, and a ditlerent one for those who happen
to hail from free States? I cannot believe it. I
have too much confidence in the wisdom and jus- 1
tlce of this Administration to believe that any ,
Democrat is to be proscribed, or even allowed to
lose caste, bccause he cannot, in justice to his
own convictions of right, and in justice to the
undoubted wish of his constituents!, vote for the '
unqualified admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution. 1-ut we shall see. >
Sir, the Democracy of Indiana have groat con- i
ftdence in the patriotism and prudence of James !
Buchanan. He was their first choice, as he was 1
my first chojce, at the Cincinnati convention. In- !
diana was the only northern State that <rave him, :
at the presidential election, a decided'majority ,
over the combined enemy. She gave him a larger 1
majority even than his own loved Pennsylvania. :
But notwithstanding the devotion of the Indiana j
Democracy to him, I believe that if his Adminis- ;
tralion should, unfortunately, be induced to make j
the unqualified admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution the paramount question !:
and chief test of party fidelity, and should attempt
to proscribe and crush out Democrats who differ
with him in relation to this particular subject, and
this particular subject only, that then the Dem-
ocratic party, not only of Indiana, but of the great
northwest, would be overwhelmed with disap-
pointment and sorrow that the President of their
choice should have been induced, by unwioe coun-
sels, to adopt a policy so cruel and unjust, and so
well calculated to prostrate the Democratic party
in all the free States.
But, it is said the Republican members are all
going to vote against the admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution ; and I have
been asked the question, with rather a triumphant
air: "Are you going to vote with the Republi-
can^" When a Lecompton man asks me this
question I answer it by asking another, "Are you
going to vote with, the Know Nothings ?" and
this, I find, brings the account to an exact balance,
as that party here sustains the Lecompton consti-
tution. Now, sir, I have no affinity whatever with
Abolitionism, and just as little with Republican-
ism, I apprehend, as any Democrat upon this
floor; but I am not going to desert a just principle
because Republicans see pioper to come to me in
its support. A pretty doctime, truly, that Dem-
ocrats are to forsake a Democratic principle just
as soon as Republicans come to its aid: thus put-
ting it always in the power of the Opposition to
place us on the wrong side of every question.
Everybody knows that the Republican party, m
the late canvass, was against popular sovereignty.
I was for popular sovereignty then, and I am for
popular sovereignty now. I have not changed. I
have not got upon any new platform. I do not
purpose to get upon any new one. I stand where
I always have stood, upon the old-fashioned Dem-
ocratic platform, and shall certainly not desert it
because Republicans choose to leave theirs and
come to mine.
I want neither new planks added nor old ones
taken out, and especially in reference to the fol-
lowing resolution :
u Resolve(K That we recognize the right of the people of
all the Temtorie=, including Kansas and Nebiaska, acting
tlnough the legally and fairly expressed will of a majority
of actual residents, and whenever the number of their in-
habitants justifies it, to form a constitution, wiLh or without
domestic slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon teims
of perfect equality with the other States."
I take the platform as it came from the hands
of the Cincinnati workmen, and am neither to be
frightened or driven from it, no matter how great
the pressure. But, sir, there is nothing in that
platform, or in any article of the Democratic creed,
now, or in times past, that would justify me in
aiding, directly or indirectly, the unconditional
admission of a State under a constitution repudi-
ated by her people. That would not be Democ-
racy, and never can receive my sanction. Having
said thus much upon the subject in reference to
its general bearing, 1 now propose to say a few
words more particularly applicable to Indiana.
Sir, the Democracy of my State met in conven-
tion on the 8th of last January, and adopted a
platform, in which I fully acquiesce, although I
think it would have been well to have made an
expression of opinion in reference to several mat-
ers of State policy which seem not to have been
considered. One of the resolutions adopted is in
the following words:
i: Resolved, That we are still in favor of the great dnctiine
of the K;insis-Nebra?kn bill; and that by a practical appli-
cation ot that doe tune the peojile oj a State or a Territory
ore re'■fed with thai Jit of ratifying or rejecting at the bal-
lot box any constitution that mem be formed for their govern-
ment ; and that heieauei, no Teintory should be admi'ted
i*ito rlie Cmnn a* a i^i.tre without a fair expression of the
will ot' tbi1 people boins tint bud upon the constitution ac-
eo: pauvmg the application for adrm^ion."
To this resolution I give my most hearty ap-
proval. An unfortunate and ill-timed attempt was
made in this city and elsewhere to destroy the
force and effect ot this resolution, first by declar-
ing that it was not passed at the regular conven-
tion, but at an irregular meeting held afterwards;
and, then, when that was overthrown by positive
evidence, the same parties endeavored to'make out
that it had no application to Kansas; or, in other
words, that it did not mean what its language
clearly expressed. This effort, on the part of the
Republican pjxss of my State, and a small por-
tion of the Democratic party, has proven entirely
fruitless. It was a popular-sovereisrnty resolu-
tion, in letter and in spirit, and intended to apply
to Kansas; was advocated as such; was opposed
as such, and as such was passed by the conven-
tion. The candidates nominated by the conven-
tion have published a card, m which they say
they so construe the resolution, and stand upon
it with that construction. H will thus be seen that
those who ?ir]vncat-'1 the doctrine of popular sov-
ereignty and oppose the Lecompton constitution,
