1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
are within the regular,legitimate, Democratic or-
ganization of Indiana.
But i hope to think none the less of my Dem-
ocratic brethren who take the other side of this
question. I do not ilmik it ou^ht to be made a
test of party fidelity; and though the intolerance
*of some in my State well deserves the fate of Ha- j
m-in, yet I am for exorcising charity and forgive-
ness. To maintain our party in the ascendency
in Indiana, we must have harmony and concert
of action. Without it, defeat is inevitable. We
have no votes to spare, and must look to princi-
ples more, and to men less. We must see that
our rulers are men of integrity—" honest, capa-
ble, faithful"—must rebuke immorality and cor-
ruption whereverfound,and discourage the "rule
or ruin" spirit, no matter in what quarter it may
be manifested. There is too much talk of the
party of this man and of that man. I hear much
said of a Douglas party. Sir, I belong to no such
party—but to the great Democratic party, whose
watchword has ever been "Measures, not men."
Let me express the hope that it will never he in
Indiana as it was said to be in Rome, when Ccesar
had a party, and Antony a party, but the coun-
try no party.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I repeat that I
think, before Kansas is admitted, her people ought
to ratify, or at least have a fair opportunity to
vote upon, the constitution under which it is pro-
posed to admit her; at the same time, I am not so
wedded to any particular plan that I may not, for
the sake of harmony and as a choicc of evils,
make reasonable concessions, provided the sub-
stance would be secured; which is the making of
the constitution, at an early day, conform to the
public will, or at least that the privilege and op-
portunity of so making it be secured to the peo-
ple beyond all question. Less than this would
not satisfy the expectations of my constituents,
and 1 would not betray their wishes for any !
earthly considerations. If, on the oiher hand, all
reasonable compromises are voted down, and I
am brought to vote upon the naked and unquali-
fied admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, I distinctly declare that I cannot, in
conscience, vote for it. If for this honest convic-
tion I am to lose the favor of southern gentle-
men, or of the Administration, and am to be mis-
represented and abused, so be it. I shall do my
duty here as well as I know how, and return to
the bosom of my generous and patriotic constit-
uents with a clear conscience. They are neither
place-seekers, or time-servers, but men of princi-
ple, and in their wisdom and justice I put my
trust.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Chairman, it was my
intention, as it yet would be my preference, to
have forborne the expression of my views on this
subject until the question of the admission of Kan-
sas into the Union as a State was rcrrulai Iv brought
to the notice of this House. But, limited asjias
been my experience in this House, it has sufficed
to show me that opportunities of obtaining the
floor are neither frequent nor certain, and that, if
I relinquish it now, I may not again have the op-
portunity of proclaiming the sentiments which I
entertain, the knowledge of which theie are many
who are entitled to have.
I look upon this question as one in which the
peace of the Union is involved. I do not speak
of its permanence, nor do I suppose that there is
any real danger of its dissolution. But when its
peace is disturbed; when, from one extreme to the
other, there is strife, there is contention, there is
violence and tumult, where there should be quiet;
it becomes, Mr. Chairman, an unwilling Union,
the value of which all begin to calculate, and what
may follow some day is much more easy to be
anticipated than pleasant to be considered.
This subject of territorial legislation has been
at all times prolific of discord. It was at the time
of the attempt, ahd the successful attempt, at the
introduction of Louisiana into the Lnion as a
State, thatan eminent gentleman from Massachu-
setts uttered in the Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives what I have no doubt those who hear
me have read with deep regret that it was ever
uttered there:
•< If this bill passes, it mv deliberate opinion that it i9
virtually a dissolution ot tln^ Union; that it w ii! fiec the
States liorn their moral obligation, and as it will be tne right
oi all, so it will be the duty of some, defin'tcly to prepare
for a '.epaiation; amk\io!y. if they can ; violently, if they
nmst."
There are some here, too,Mr. Chairman, who
can well recollect the excitement and the pakiful
anxiety occasioned, in 1319 and 1820, by the ad-
mission of Missouri into the Union. And now,
when a similar boon is asked for her neighbor that
was then extended to Missouri herself, no man of
truth will deny that there exists, throughout the
length and breadth of this land, a feeling of solid-
| tudeand excitement; and that there is amongst the
I extremists an almost sacrilegious joy at the recur-
! rence of events calculated to jar and disturb the
' harmony of the Union, which a bold attack can
never produce.
Since her organization as a Territory, Kansas
has known no peace. Since the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska act, Kansas has been the theater
of strife and tumult. With everything to make
her people happy and comfortable, with a richness
of soil and purity of climatc almost unequaled,
it has been the scene of discord, of riot, of vio-
lence, and of bloodshed, and it is time now that
these things should be stopped; Kansas calls upon
us to stop them; the people of every State in the
Union expect as much from us; and, Mr. Chair-
man, we must consider what is the effectual way
i of stopping it, and when we find that, we must
apply the effective means, if we can do so, con-
stitutionally, and m obedience to the recognized
law of "the land. Shall peace be restored by the
Federal authorities, by the bayonets of the Uni-
ted States troops, by the more constant vigilance
and attention of the soldiers or Federal officers,
or shall it be restored by the people of Kansas
herself? Shall she be thrown at once upon her
own resources, and shall her citizens be told:
"You shall be the conservators of your own
peace, and if you are a law-abiding people—if
you have a population, such as it has been boasted
here overand over again that you have, we appeal
to you to obey the law, to support the law, and
to restore peace to your people in the State of
Kansas?"
I .shall proceed,Mr. Chairman, to show that the
admission of Kansas into this Union under her
present application, and with the Lecompton con-
stitution, is regular, is according to established
principle, according to recognized precedent, and
according to what some gentlemen on this floor
dare not deny is good authority. If this be so,
and she has a republican constitution, I say we
have no right, regarding the peace and interests of
our citizens, to hesitate for one moment to admit
her. I shall do little more than assert the prin-
ciples that I maintain, using but little argument,
! i but referring, perhaps, to a good deal of authority
'' that ought to be recognized here, in support of
them.
Was this territorial convention regular? Who
disputes it ? Does it require an enabling act ? If
it does, it has it. No man can read the Kansas-
Nebraska act without seeing that there is an en-
abling act there. But does it require an enabling
act? I tell the gentlemen upon this floor, who
oppose the admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution, that I will appeal to those
who have on former occasions spoken for them,
and by them 1 will judge whether it was regular
or not. I will show the gentlemen who compose
the majority of the Opposition that their views
have been expressed in such a manner that they
cannot now contradict them; while to those who
compose its minority, I will cite the highest au-
horittes recognized by any one of them.
Mr. Chairman, why should an enabling act be
passed? Have the people the right to form a con-
stitution or not? And if they have notthenght,
has Congress the right to bestow it upon them?
I shall quote, upon tins subjcct, my colleague from
the fourteenth district, [Mr. Grow;] and 1 cite
him because, as the Republican candidate for
Speaker, receiving more than eighty votes at the
commencement of this session, he may be fairly
considered the representative of their views and
principles, as he was formerly the exponent of
them. I cite him as good authority—as authority
from which those who indorsed him at the com-
mencement of the session cannot now dissent.
What said he when the application was made to
admit Kansas into the Union with a constitution
framed without an enabling act—framed, permit
me to say, by men in rebellion to the laws and
with arms m their hands, to be used against the
Federal authorities? When Kansas oam<i hero,
with the constitution tlvjs made at Topekn, he
eloquently pleaded for her admission as a States
as a measure of peace; and in support of the reg-
ularity of her action, he said:
" The mode and manner of accomplishing it in organized
States propeily belongs to the form* of law, tobepiescnbed
by the State government; but in the Territories, Congress
is the only power that can prescribe the forms; fbr a terri-
torial government emanating from Congress can be changed,
modified, or abrogated, only by its consent. That consent,
however, can be expressed as well after as before the action
of the people. If Congress, then, has pre ,,nbed no form,
whatever action the people think'proper to adopt, in order
to secure a change of government, provided u be conducted
in a peaceable manner, is lawful and constitutional; lawAil,
because it violates no valid law—constitutional, tiecausn
aiticle first of the amendments to the Constitution secures
to the people everywhere under its jurisdiction, the right,
paramount to all law, peaceably to assemble, and to petition
the Government for a redress of grievances "
I want no better authority than my friend and
colleague; and those who voted for him for Speaker
of this House voted for him because they saw in
him a proper representative of popular sover-
eignty, according to the doctrine he had expressed
and they then maintained. But I have other au-
thority ; and I shall do little else than cite author-
ities, to which £ wisluthe attention of those Dem-
ocrats who, like the gentleman who has just
spoken, [Mr. English,] have departed from us
on this question. I have for those who, I am
afraid, will not have the same confidence in my
colleague that I have avowed, high authorities.
I have the authority of Governor Robert J. Walker
and of Mr. Secretary Stanton. They have said,
in words and language not to be misunderstood,
that the Lecompton convention was lawful. They
have said that the act of the Territorial Legisla-
ture authorizing the convention was right; and
they have warned the people over and over again,
that, if they did not vote for delegates when they
had the opportunity afforded them, on their own
heads must be the consequences.
Mr. Stanton, on arriving in the Territory, ad-
dressed the people, saying, among other things;
" The Government especially recognizes the terntorial
act which provide^ foi av>emblmg a convention to form a
constitution with a view to making application to Consnesa
for admission as a State into the Union. That act is re-
garded as presenting the only test of the qualification of
voters for delegates to the convention, and all preceding
lepugnant restnctions are thereby repealed. In this lisht
the act must be allowed to iiave piovided for a full and fair
expression of the will of the people tlnouglf rhe delegates
who may be chosen to represent them in the constitutional
convention."
Again, in the message of the acting Governor
in December last, and after what is now called the
mischief had been done, he says:
It thus appeals that in the election of the loth June last,
for delegates to the con\ ention, the gteat mass of the people
purposely refrained hom voting, and left the whole pio-
ccedmsi with all its important consequences, to the active
minority, under whose auspices the law had been cnacted,
ami also executed, so fai as thai could be done by the ex-
ecutive officers, without the concurrence of the majority
of the people.
That the refusal of the majority to go into the ejection
for delegates was unfortunate, now too apparent to ho. de-
nied. It has pioducKi all the evil? and dangers of the present
critical hour. It ha^ enabled a body of men, not actually
representing the opinions of the people, though regularly
and legitimately clothed with their authonty, to prepare for
them a form of government, and to withhold the gieatcr
part of its most important provisions from the test of pop-
ular judgment arid sanction "
Governor Walker says very much the same.
He says:
'■ The people of Kansas, then, are invited by the lliewst
authority known to the Constitution to participate fieely
and Jan iy in the election of delegates to frame a constitution
and Slate government. The law ha* performed its em ire
appiomiate function when it extends to the people the rign.t
ot suffrage; but it cannot compel the pelformance of that
I duty. Throughout ourvviiole Union, however, and whcic-
' ever free government prevails, those who abstain from the
exercise of theright ofsufTiageauthoiize those who do vote
to act for them m that contingency ; and the absentees aio
as much bound under the [aw and constitution, where theie
i« no fraud or violence, bv the act of the majority of those
who do vote, as if all iiad participated in the election. Other •
wise, as voting must be voluntary, self-government would
be impi acticable, and monarchy or despotism would remain
as the only alternative."
| In many places he uses the same language.
! He says:
i " If law* have been enacted by the Territorial Legislature
: which aie disapproved o< by a majority of the people otttiu
i Teiiitoiv. the mode in which they could elect a new lor-
utonal Legislature and repeal those laws, was also desijr-
1 nated. ifiheic are any giievanees of which you have any
I iijst ri"l!t to compltuu, the lawful, peaceful manner in wl.ioj
'' you could remove them, m subordination to the Govern-
!j inent of your country, was also pointed out."
h Again he says:
!! U In the en«e ofM.ehw.in. theTcr: itorial Legislature were
clothed 1)5 C'o.igKsf iviu no aiuito,,.} to .i.-oeniUe icon-
