1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
stitutiona! convention and adopt a State constitution ; but
that, under the comprehensive language of the Kansas and
Nebraska bill, the Territorial Legi-latuie was clothed with
ftueh authority by the taws of Congress, and that the au-
thority of such a convention to s-ubmtt the conMitutmn to
the vote of the people, was m clear and ceium us that of
Congress itself, and that opposition to s'ich a pioceeding
was equivalent to opposing the law-s of Congse-a."15
Thus cursorily, Mr. Chairman, because it is
not very important, I have referred to the author-
ity of the leading men in the Opposition, to show
that the territorial convention was properly cre-
ated, and was a regular and lawful body. Now,
what was it to do? It did not submit its pro-
ceedings to the people. It would have been bet-
ter, perhaps, that it had. It is right on all such
occasions to do so. But is there any law re-
quiring it? And if there is no law requiring it,
what guarantee have we that future legislation in
that Territory will be better than the past? Shall
we be told that there is any obligation of law re-
quiring the constitution to be submitted to the
people? If so, I will again refer to the authority
of Governor Walker, to show that he distinctly
told them, in advance of the election, that there
was no such obligation. *
Governor Walker says:
" You should not console yourselves,ray fellow-citizen*,
with th«' reflection that you may, by a subsequent vote,
defeat the ratification of the constitution. Although most
anxious to secure to you the exercise of that great constitu-
tional right, and believing that the convention is the servant,
and not the master of the people, yet 1 have no power to
dictate theproceedings of that body." * * *
" The only remedy rests witii the convention itself, by sub-
mitting, if Iheydeem beU, the constitution for ratification or
rejection, to the vote of the people, under^noh just and rea-
sonable qualifications as they may piescnbe."
We find, then, that there was no recognized law
requiring a submission of the constitution to the
vote of the people; and the question now is, Mr.
Chairman, what was done, and how far did that
meet the public expectation? Mr. Walker, as I
have said, told them in advance that there was no
power to compel the convention to submit their
work to the vote of the people. And yet, with
all that before them, those who are now called the
majority in that Territory, absented themselves
from the polls and refused to participate in the
proceedings. What was the convention to do?
i agree that it did not submit the constitution to
the vote of the people. They were authorized to
form a constitution, and they had the right to do
so. The gentleman who has preceded me, [Mr.
English,] has said that some of the delegates to
the convention broke their party pledges; that
they pledged themselves toa certain course of con-
duct and did not fulfill their promises. Agreed.
Does that violate the law J Docs that prevent the
organic law going into effect in the manner pre-
scribed in the instrument? But what did they
do? They submitted to the people, not the con-
stitution, but the question whether they should
have slavery among them; and I believe that if
the people had voted,under the circumstances to
which i shall by and by allude, the constitution
would not now contain that clause which to many
n the floor of the House is so obnoxious.
Now I propose to show, by the same author-
ities, that the slavery question was the only ques-
tion that divided the people of Kansas. I cite
again my colleague, [Mr. Grow,] to show that
the slavery question was then, as it always has
been, the only subject of division in that Terri-
ritory. He said "the existence of slavery was
the only question on which the people were di-
vided; ana the vote for delegates to the conven-
tion settled that by a majority of legal votes."
Mr. GROW. Will my colleague give the dates,
if he pleases?
Mr. PHILLIPS, The 30th of June, 1856, when
the Topeka constitution was submitted; which
constitution, by the way, received, I believe, only
some seventeen hundred votes.
Mr. GROW. Twenty-three hundred.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am reminded that my col-
league was then chairman of the Committee on
Territories; and that gives additional weight and
emphasis to his statement. He spoke by author-
ity. He stated this opinion on that occasion, and
I do not behevg he will deny it now. He has
changed once, but I do not believe he will change
in reference to this subject.
Mr. GROW. Whether I have changed or not
is a question of fact.
. Mr. PHILLIPS. I will raise no question of
fast-between my colleague and myself. My col-
league, on that occasion, further said, in reply to
the inquiry of an honorable gentleman frpm
Georgia, [Mr. Trippe:]
" I gave to the gentleman from New York the vote polled
at thccleetion immediately preceding the formation of the
ronnifutioti. He know?, as wHl as anvman. that the only
question in Kan-a* on which the people aio divided is,
whether slavejy shall exist these or not? That question
was involved in the election of Delegate, lie knows, too,
that that is the only question to be settled."
It has not changed since then. If any other
question has been raised since that time, I chal-
lenge any gentleman upon this floor to tell me
what it is. If there is any other question on
which the people of Kansas are divided, I ask any
gentleman on this floor to rise in his place and tell
me what it is. As it stood then, so it stands now.
Mr. GROW. If my colleague desiies an an-
swer, 1 will give it to him; though I do not like
to interrupt him.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I yield the floor to my col-
league for that purpose.
• Mr. GROW. The gentleman inquires if there
is any other question than that of slavery, of dif-
ference between the people of Kansas? That was
at the first the great question of division between
them, as he has stated; but, sir, since the inva-
sion on the 30th of March, another question has
arisen. They believed that at that time a gov-
ernment was forced upon then, which was illegal,
by force; and since that time this question has, j
to a great extent, taken the place of the slavery '
question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The 30th of March of what
year?
Mr. GROW. It was in 1855. It was then that
this invasionoccurred,whichforced upontheTer-
ritory of Kansas a government which the people
held that they were under no moral obligation to
respect. This question has developed itself more
and more, as the question of slavery has subsided.
I believe gentlemen will agree with me on all sides
that, after a certain time, it was generally con-
ceded that Kansas could not be made permanently
a slave State.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Well, sir, my colleague's
speech was made fifteen months after the invasion;
and the question of slavery he then said was the
only question in issue." [Laughter.] He is good
authority in this particular, and I like to quote
him. But, sir, I have other authoiity, for I see
that he is not satisfied with himself as authority
on this question. I will back my colleague up
with so much that he will not be ashamed of the
position he then took. Governor Walker said:
" The President asked me to undertake the settlement of
that momentuous question [that means slavery] which has
introduced discord and civil war throughout your boideis,
and threatens to involve you and our countty m the same
common nun."
He tells them in another place that—
{;I cannot too earnestly impress upon you the necessity
of removing the slavery agitation from the Halls of Congress
and ptesidential conflicts."
And again:
" That in no contingency will Congress admit Kansas as
a slave or iiep State, unless a majority of the people of Kun
sas shall fir^thave laulyand freely decided this question
foi themselves."
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I would like to ask
my colleague whether the question of slavery was
ever submitted ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. If the gentleman wants to
know, I can tell him that it was submitted, and
he cannot well denv it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I do deny itmost em-
phatically. The question of the importation of
slaves from other States was submitted, and was
the only one submitted. The question of the ex-
istence of slavery there was never submitted.
Slavery now exists in Kansas, and by that con-
stitution is fastened upon the people of Kansas
now and forever.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am glad my colleague has
defined his position. We will know where to
find him hereafter.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. There is no trouble in
finding me at any time.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will show my colleague
that the question of slavery was submitted to the
.people of Kansas. The constitution had been
made, and the slavery question was the only one
submitted. They were told that it would be sub-
muted. They were told, they were warned, that
if they did not vote, they delegated their rights to
those who did vote. They wcic told by Gov-
ernor Walker, they were told by Secretary Stan-
ton, that such would be effect of absenting them-
selves and withholding their votes. They were
never told that the constitution itself would be
submitted to the people; for the Legislature had
not undertaken to direct the convention to do it,
but left it to the convention itself.
Why, sir, some years ago, in Pennsylvania,
when it was undertaken to change the constitu-
tion of that State, when the law was passed by
the Legislature for calling a convention, one of
the most distinguished lawyers living, one of
those who gave the fame and name of " a Philadel-
phia lawyer," which I am afraid those who came
after do not so well deserve, objected to the law on
the ground—and I trust I may be considered as
reading it now, (Appendix A,)—because it under-
took to tell the convention in what form the consti-
tution should be submitted and adopted. The law
provided that, after the convention had finished
their labors, they should adjourn for four months,
not to submit the question to the people, but so
that the members could learn the will of their
constituents, by familiar intercourse between the
representatives and constituents, and then act in
accordance. William Lewis put upon record his
dissent to this feature of the law, on the ground
that the Legislature, an inferior body, had no right
to undertake to control the convention, a supe-
rior body, composed of delegates just fresh from
the people—a direct emanation of the people.
Will my colleague tell me why an inferior body
should prescribe rules for the government of a
superior body? Will he, with all his ideas of
popular sovereignty, tell me what body he recog-
nizes as higher than a convention of delegates
selected by the people to frame a constitution for
; them?
! I agree that the convention of Kansas ought to
i have submitted the constitution which they had
j framed to a vote of the people. I do not believe
I that it would have removed the difficulty, because,
| from the earliest moment, it seems to have been
! determined by the professing majority that they
| would have ride or ruin. Their absenting them-
; selves from the polls was not accidental. It was
I the result of deliberation and combination; and
| now, forsooth, when things have been regularly
i done, and the convention has given to the people
| the decision of the only question which those high
t in authority have pronounced as the only one upon
| which the people differed, they turn round and
, say that a majority did not vote, and ask you if
: you will take that as an expression of the will of
the majority, when only a minority voted.
I I have some instances, with which my col-
! leagues are familiar, in which a minority have
; made a constitution, and have amended it; and I
I say to them that, on almost every occasion on
which the question of amending the constitution
has been before the people of Pennsylvania, a
majority of the people have not voted for it; but
still it has been carried by the votes of a minority
of the voters. When there isacontestaboutmen,
there is an anxiety of feeling; but when the contest
is one of principle, of establishing organic law—
| men may talk as much as they please, but I put
! facts against arguments—the minority seem to
' control, for the majority do not vote. It may be
] that they did not feel an interest in the question;
• that they had no time, and perhaps no desire, to
[ look into the question involved; or they have had
j confidence in those who prepared the constitution
or amendments; but certain itis,for some reason,
| be it what it may, they failed to vote.
i In 1855, the people of Pennsylvania were called
i upon to vote either for or against a constitutional
j convention, as they pleased. The same year,
: upon the same day, and at the same election,
' there was a contest for Governor. The number
. of people who voted for Governor was one hun-
dred and ninety-nine thousand seven hundred and
twenty-seven—within two hundred and seventy-
three of two hundred thousand. The votes jn
> favor of calling a convention to revise the consti-
; tution were eighty-six thousand five hundred and
J seventy. What will gentlemen say to this. The
; convention was legally called. Nobody doubted
| the truth of the doctrine proclaimed by Governor
! Walker, that those who did vote controlled those
i who did not. Eighty-six thousand votes only,
j out of two hundred thousand voters, called that
; convention. We have another remarkable in-
stance. When the new constitution was submit-
