1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
PI
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 10, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. C. Qranberry.
The Jou rn al of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION."
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message of the President of the United States,
communicating a report of the Attorney General,
detailing proceedings under the act of March 3,
1355, to improve the laws of the District of Co-
lumbia, and to codify the same; which was read.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
chief clerk of the Court of Claims, communicating
the petition and papers of Aaron Weeks, hereto-
fore referred to the court by an order of the Sen-
ate; which was read, and on motion of Mr.
Chandler, leave was granted to Aaron Weeks
to withdraw his petition and papers.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. EIGLER presented three petitions of mer-
chants and other citizens of Philadelphia, for the
establishment of a line of mail steamers between
that city and Brazil, touching at Savannah and
cei tain places in the West Indies, as proposed by
Thomas Rainey; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KING presented the petition of John A.
Pitts and Hiram A. Pitts, praying the renewal and
extension of their patent for certain useful im-
provements in a machine forthreshingand clean-
ing grain; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SEWARD presented two memorials of
citizens of New York, remonstrating against the
repeal of the act of Congress establishing the
light-house board; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the memorial of citizens of
Oswego, New York, remonstrating against the
repeal of the act of Congress establishing the light-
house board; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
He also presented two memorials of citizens of
Portland, Maine, remonstrating against the repeal
of the act of Congress establishing the light-house
board; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
He also presented two memorials of merchants
and others, citizens of New York and Brooklyn,
praying for the adoption of measures for ascer-
taining the correctness of certain alleged discov-
eries of guano on Jarvis and Baker's Islands, in
the Pacific ocean, the quality of the guano, and
its accessibility to merchant vessels; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Venango county, Pennsylvania, for the
establishment of a mail route from Plumer post
office to Titusvilie, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Brunswick, Maine, remonstrating against
the repeal of the act of Congress establishing the
light-house board; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of John Drout,
a pensioner of the United States, praying that his
pension may commence from the date ot his dis-
charge; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Joseph
H. Wheat,a clerk in the Post Office Depaitment,
praying to be allowed a certain amount of salary,
of which he alleges he was deprived without jus-
tice by the late Postmaster General; winch was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. CLAY presented a petition of M. E. Brad-
ley and others, citizens of the United States and
residents of the country known as the " Gadsden
purchase, "and the southern portion of New Mex-
ico, praying for a separate territorial organiza-
tion, under the name of Arizona; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
John Brest for an increase of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Iowa, m favor of a law granting a
homestead to actual settlers upon the public lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Daniel Whitney, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 190) for the confirma-
tion of a certain land claim in favor of Pierre
Grrignon, or his legal representative. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr.BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the me-
morial of citizens of Washington, and two me-
morials of the trustees of the public schools of
the city of Washington, District of Columbia,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 191) for the benefit of public schools in the
city of Washington. Thebill was read and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia, to whom
was referred the petition of Horace E. Dimmick,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Alexander Hays, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred
the petition of Ann E. T. Eldndge and the papers
relating to the claim of Nannie Denman, asked j
to be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 23) for the relief of
Robert Dickson, of the Kentucky volunteers,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF DECEASED SENATORS.
Mr. EVANS. Some time ago, a resolution to
authorize the payment of their compensation to
the representatives of Senators Bell, Butler, and
Rusk, was referred to the Committee to Auditand
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
I am directed by that committee to report back
the resolution,and to recommend its passage; and,
at the same time, I submit a report which shows
the reasons for that decision. I desire, also, that
the resolution be taken up at once by the Senate,
and disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let the resolu-
tion be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, which was
introduced by Mr. Seward, as follows:
Resolved, Tii.it there be paid out ot' the continent fund
of tht* Sonata t<> flic representative-* of the late ^enatois
Bell. Butler, and Rusk, who attended the special sc-Moaof
the Senate, convened by the President on tnc 4th of March
la-t, and who have since died, compensation tor the said
! Senators, respet lively, at the tale of §3.000 per annum,
! from the eommeneementof slid hf^sion to the time ot their
decease.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT,
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
the Senate resumed the consideration of the res-
olution, which was reported by him on Monday
last from the Committee on Printing, to prmtten
thousand copies of the i>port of the Commissioner
of Patents, for the year 1857, on arts and manu-
factures.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to state
but one or two points in regard to tins subject,
and then I shall ask for the action ot" the Senate,
which I hope we shall be able to get before the
exoiration of the morning hour. The whole
body are familiar, at least to some extent, with
the subject of public printing, and the abuses and
extravagance that have attended it. The com-
mittee propose to cut down the number of copies
of this document, printed by order ot the Senate,
from twenty-seven thousand to ten thousand.
The saving that will be achieved by this reduc-
tion will be upwards of thirty thousand dollars.
The number which will iuure to each Senator for
the purpose of distribution among his constitu-
ents will be about one hundred and thirty, sup-
posing eight thousand to be printed for the use of
the Senator;,; and, besides, we propose to furnish
two thousand copies to the Interior Department,
which may, under a proper system of distribu-
tion, dispose of them for the public good.
There is, then, a saving proposed by the commit-
tee to this extent. Gentlemen can give it what
value and whatconsideration they please. If they
cannot support the Committee on Printing in their
efforts to reduce the expenditures which have been
so enormous hitherto to this branch of the public
service, the committee may come to the conclu-
sion that they may as well cease to speak of tho
abuses of the system. The committee think that
from one hundred and twenty-iiveto one hundred
and thirty copies to each Senator are sufficient.
We are now aware that a vast number of these
PatentOffice reports are lost altogether to the pub-
lic service. Senators are aware of the fact that
they can be bought throughout this city, at least
in a number of places, for fifteen cents per copy.
I am assured, since I made this remark the other
day, that they have been repeatedly bought at a
less price than that; and yet they cost Congress
some seventy cents a volume to print them in the
first place.
An amendment was offered on Monday by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
which he, at the proper time, will explain. I shall
support the amendment, and I believe it ought to
be adopted.
Mr. CAMERON. The cost of congressional
printing has suddenly increased so largely as to
be now a subject of serious interest to the whole
country.
In 1847, only eleven years ago, the whole sum
paid for paper, printing, and binding amounted
only to ij>64,691 96. This was under the contract
system, when the work was given to tho lowest
bidder. Some three or four years later, this sys-
tem was changed, at the instance, mainly, of per-
sons interested in high prices.
The new system was a mixed one. The prices
were fixed by the law, and the Government under
it has become the purchaser of paper and other
materials. The office of Superintendent of Print-
ing lias been established, and that officer become
a functionary of the Government, in many in-
stances irresponsible to any authority, though
nominally responsible to the Committee on Print-
ing of each House. He buys the paper, orders
the engravings, and controls the expenditure of
hundreds of thousands of dollars.
It is not my purpose to inquire into the manner
in which the duties of that office have been ful-
filled; much less is it my wish to impute willful
wrong to any one connected with the management
of the public printing. I desire only to draw the
attention of the Senate to the enormous cost of
the work, with the hope that the present com-
mittee will be sustained m their labors of retrench-
ment.
The cost of printing, paper, and binding, from
July 1, 1656, to March 4, 1857, amounted to the
sum of $1,958,210 42. The binding, alone, for
that period, it will be seen, was more than six times
as much as the whole cost of paper, printing, and
i binding for the year 184T.
The cost for the year just ended I have not beer*
able to obtain; but it is probably over a million
and a half of dollars.
A great deal of this extravagance of expendi-
ture has arisen from the loose manner in which1
Congress has ordered the printing oi reports by
otricers of the Ai my and Navy, and other func,-
tuiiiaues sent upon exploring duties. It has been
enumion, as I am told, to direct the printing of
such reports without examination, permitting the
officer to complete his report while the work is
progressing m the hands of the Printer. Sueh has
been the course with the Coast Survey, the Japan
expedition, the Mississippi and Pacific jailioad
report, and many others.
The Coast Survey report cost, for printing and
materials, for the year 1856, the enormous sum
of $78,441 70.
Giiliss's report has already cost over one hun-
dred thousand dollars; and the estimated cost of
the whole work as ordered is §149,107 97.
The Japan expedition report, which has-been
completed and paid for,cost the sum of §240,486 72.
Of Emory's Mexican boundary report, one
volume has been printed, and has already cost
$107,580; the second volume has been ordered,
and is estimated to cost $104,5)0—making, m all,
the sum of $212,000 for that work.
But the Pacific railroad report is beyond all
