ISo8.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
do now without charge. I admit that the whole j
matter isexceedingly troublesome. I admit, fur- 1
thcr, that no member of Congress gains any thins:, j
but, on the contrary, loses, so far as popularity '
)n concerned, by this labor which he is obliged j
to perform; but yet, so long as Congress chooses
so piint these books and order their distribution,
] am perfectly satisfied that there is no way in ;
which they can be distributed for the benefit of ■
the community so well as by the members them- ;
selves, who know the particular individuals in
their districts who would be benefited by them.
1 hope, therefore, that that idea will not prevail ,
at all in the Senate; and at present I am hardly ;
disposed to go as far as the honorable Senator from ;
Virginia [Mr. Mason] suggests, by refusing to '
print these books at all. I do not know but that
it would be wise eventually; but I am not quite .
prepared to come to that conclusion. I agree,
however, fully with the honorable chairman of j
the Committee on Printing, and with the report ;
of the committee, that we ought to reduce the ;
number of this particular work, and, I have no :
doubt, of many other books that we print. I j
once had the honor to belong to the Committee j
on Printing, and I am very well aware of the great j
difficulties which that committee have always met '
With in endeavoring to reduce the expenses of the ■
Government in this particular. I suppose, m the :
ordinary couise of things, I might have been a
member of that committee again. I do not know
that I committed any offense which would deprive
me of the position; but I declined to be a mem- ;
bcr of the committee again, and for this reason ,
more than any other: I found that whatever con- :
elusions the committee came to, after sober in- j
vestigation and careful deliberation in the direc- ■
tion of economy, and recommended to the Senate,
ihey almost uniformly failed to have adopted, if
a particular Senator wanted to carry a particular .
scheme We made our reports, recommending
economy by reducing the number of copies to be
printed, changing the style of a work, or some-
thing of that kind; but it was very seldom that ;
we could get any support from gentlemen in the :
Senate, who were loud, generally, upon the sub- ^
ject of ret! enchment and economy, when we came
to a practical application of their doctrines. j
Now, sir, it appears that the committee are j
making another attempt. I am very glad of it. ,
They .shall have my support jn any attempt they
may make to retrench our printing expenditures, j
unless, in my judgment, they make it in a wrong i
d'rection; and"I think they can hardly fail to find
tne rigntonc—con haidly tai
of retrenchment which will be wrong. Well, sir, 1
in regard to this particular report, I approve of
the suggestion made by my friend from Massa-
chusctts to limit the quantity of the matter: but
he will allow me to say to him that he cannot
carry out his amendment, as I think, m precisely
the term which he has proposed. For instance,
the style of printing this work, he will observe,
and the Senate will observe, is different from that
formeiiy adopted. There is a greatdeal more of
it; the plates arc expensive; thev are printed from
wood-cuts, as they are called. Formerly all these
drawings were introduced into the text and printed
m the common style. \ ou could not have a work
of that degree of perfection which is considered
to be important, printed in the text m the same i
manner that you pi nit the text itself, in my judg-
ment; but I may be nrerror about that.
The only mode in which we can accomplish the
result of reducing the quantity of matter, is to ,
give a specific direction that a selection shah no
made so as to make up a volumd of only one par- ,
ticular description, and you must give also a par-
ticular direction with regard to the style; and that
must be done probably under the direction ot the
committee after examination. I think, therefore,
with gieat respect to my friend from Arkansas,
the chairman of the committee, that at present the |
Senate is hardly in a condition understandingly 1
to act on the proposition contained in the amend- j
mem as it is now before us. There should be some i
inquiries made with regard to the style in which .
the work is to be done—the manner in which it ;
is to be executed. On consultation with artists !
and others familiar with the subject, the commit- j
tee can easily ascertain what is best to be done; ,
and any conclusion they come to m regard to i
limiting the extent of the work, bringing it down ■
to the lowest possible limit, I shall sustain. I
think the object of such a selection should be to :
afford to the community information of what is !
done at the Patent Office, and the course of im- •
provementinarts and manufactures in this coun- i
try. Iam satisfied that the number of copies we j
now printis altogether too large. From my own j
State, I receive letters almost every day in refer- |
ence to these books, from persons, the style of!
whose letters show that they write for them j
simply because they have heard of the book, and j
they want to look at it. It is of no sort of ben-!
efit to them. I believe there is not one person in j
ten, to whom we send these books indisenmi- i
nately, who ever reads them. If you send them ,
to intelligent mechanics, (and there are many such |
in my part of the country,) they read them and
benefit by them, because they study them and j
understand them. In regard to the agricultural ]
report, I am not so good a judge, but I believe j
Congress has gone altogether too far in the very |
large number of that report they print. However,
of that I will not pretend to judge so much as of .
this. ' :
I wish to say one other thins:; and that is, that j
the large expense of printing has been incurred,
in a very great degree, by these books; and if the
Senate will adhere to the resolution adopted by a
vote which was token at the last Congress, that '
it will print no more reports of exploring expedi-
tions, no more drawings of natural history, no ;
more of these birds, insects, and reptiles, of winch 1
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Bnowxj spoke,
we shall save moie than one half of the' whole ]
expense of printing The enormous expenditures j
that have been piled up during the last two Con-
gresses, have risen almost entirely from the print- '
ing of these large books. We have now stopped '
that. I hope we shall adhere to that determination.
If we stop all that unnecessary printing, and confine
ourselves to the mere reports of our Departments,
and the report of the Patent Office, which is con- 1
nected with the Interior Department, and the icport j
of the Coast Survey, which is beneficial, and have ,
a reasonable limitation as to the number of copies, 1
and take some little pains in reference to the con- ^
tracts that are made, so that thev do not cost us j-
double what they ought to cost, we may reduce ,!
the expenses within a very short period to a rea- !1
sonable limit.
But the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason*] will allow me to say that after all, when
you have reduced these expenses to the smallest
limit, and yet afford all the information that can j
be afforded by means of printing which ought to j
be done, you will have begun, and only begun, j
to stop the very great leak in the Treasury. I j
should like to hear Senators talk as much and feel j
as much in regard to, and show the same dispo- j
si tion to examine into, the enormous expenditures j
of money for useless purposes, by the creation of ;
new offices, and the appointment of new officers, j
particularly in the Post Office Department, ;New j
post routes are created which are not necessary, j
in my judgment, and in the judgment of many
others;'and mail service is increased where it is
not needed^and in a thousand other ways, that ;
Department cojtIs more than i' has been, or evei
will be, able to pay. I should like to have gen-
tlemen look into thegroatexpenditures of tlmtDe-
partment for advertising purposes, and for every
other purposii which is not looked into, dimply j
because there are so many claimants on the i
Treasury. [
Since "f have been in Congress we have liada
veiy important committee m name—the Commit- ,
tee on Retrenchment. I believe it existed lor two (
Congresses, while I have been here; but njjps now ^
been'abolished, and it might well be. Who i ver
heard of any movement made by that committee ;
to do one single thing in any way m reference to i
decreasing the expenditure of money ? _ I am will- j
in^ to begin somewhere, and i am willing to be- ;
gin hereTon this printing matter I hope those 1
Senators who are able 'o icach, and can get at, (
the fountains of information, and control the mat- ,
ter, will look a little further, and see if they can- ^
not restrain enormous expenditures elsewhere. I ;
wiil go with the honorable Senator trom Arkan- t
sas m his movements on this subject, I think, as j
far as he will ?o himself—-to the very veige, al- 1
most, of prohibition in these matters; but 1 wish t
to reserve myself now on some particular points, .
in tei'eience to books of this description, where
I think the information is absolutely needed, and
to find a direction
where, if we refuse it, we might as well abolish
the Departments themselves.
Mr. BROWN. I like very much the course
that this discussion has taken; but I feel very ap-
prehensive that it will end where all such discus-
sions have ended heretofore—111 nothing. Wf*j
commence with an honest and good purpose to
reform; and after we have tried it once or twice,
our exertions seem suddenly to give out, and we
do nothing. Wc had the same subject under con-
sideration at the last session, and it is here again.
Why ? It is because we do not strike at the root
of the evil. If you will abolish the franking privi-
lege, you will get clear of these books, and you
never will get clear of them in any other way.
Supply members of Congress for the purposes of
official correspondence, with stamped envelopes,
have no franking privilege at all, and then you
will get clear of these books; but you will never
get clear of them in any other way.
The books arc utterly worthless, let gentlemen
say what they please about them. Take the
Patent Office report; let the Commissioner say
to any publisher in the Union: " Here, take the
manuscript prepared, and have a copyright;"
there is not a mail in the whole Union fool enough
to publish it with a copyright. As evidence that
your books are of no account, you take 110 copy-
right for them; yet who ever republished one of
them? Did you ever hear of such a thing? No-
body trespasses on your rights, and yet you do
not cover them by any law. I think no argument
could be more conclusive as to the utter worth-
lessness of these books than that they are not
published by anybody but yourselves. It seems
to me it is precisely because a book is of no ac-
count that Congress publishes it. If it were of
any account, somebody else would want to pub-
lish it. If you were to take these volumes and
send them to depots in the several States, and
propose to sell them for the actual cost of the
paper, they would he there to all eternity; no-
body would pay for them the cost of the paper
on which the y arc printed.
After all, the constituent of the Senator from
, Pennsylvania, that simple-minded, honest-heart-
ed old Pennsylvania!)—1 dare say he was a Dutch-
man—was not so far mistaken. Why, sir, you
do publish booksforchildren. What are all your
picture books, but books to amuse children?
What is the use of volumes crammed full of pic-
tures of birds, snakes, lizards, and all manner of
things of that sort, printed ill the most artistic
style, with pretty little stories about the habits of
the birds, snakes, and reptiles, but as mere play
books? They are not punted for men; because
they contain no information that would be of any
value to a man wall a beard upon his face, or a wo-
man whowasfittobethemotherofchildren. They
are mere playthings got up at an enormous ex-
pense to theU-oveniment. Take your books about
the exploring expedition; and instead of giving a
history of the expedition you find the quceiest
picLures, atid most outlandish things meaning
nothing, no historical statement that amounts to
anything. There is one volume of this exploring
expedition, the queerest book that ever was put
inside of lids Take a box of common shoe
blacking, and a blush, and a little white paper,_
smear it all over, and then take a pepper-box of
white sand and sprinkle it all about, and you will
have as good a book as that. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Allow me to
interrupt the Senator. 1 do not mean to contro-
vert what he asserts at all; butas he is merely on
an argument, that relates to the general subject,
and, as I believe from the spirit manifested here
this morning, we can dispose of the subject, I shall
be exceedingly obliged to linn if he will let us
have a vote. 1 trust we shall vote, and no further
discussion nov.
Mr. BROWN. Very well-, I give way.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment to my amendment, which I believe will
do away with the objection of the Senator from
Maine.
The VICE PPv-ESIDENT. The present ques-
tion is on the motion for the indefinite postpone-
ment of the whole subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope that mo-
tion will be withdrawn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will not withdraw it. I should like to record
my vote m it-s favor.
