1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. MASON. And I should like to record
mine; but I want to get at the object in a manner
that is probably attainable I withdraw the mo- m un _ ....
tion on the suggestion ot the senator trom Ureor- ,, ate-t0 be prepared and submitted m such manner as that
gta, {Mr. Iverson,] who will then move to strike |j ' '  
out the eight thousand copies for the Senate, so jj
as to print only two thousand for the Department. ;j
Mr. IVERSON. I want to make that motion .
as soon as I can get an opportunity, but I believe ! mediate language and say " to comprise one vol
The Secretary read as follows:
And that the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is here-
by, directed to cause the animal report of the Commissioner
of Patents on mechanics, hereafter to be made to the Sen-
the plates and drawings necessary to illustrate each subject
bhall be inserted so as to comprise the entire report in one
volume.
Mr. STUART. I move to strike out the inter-
March 10.
-- - - -  #
volume here and four to the House of Represent-
atives. ["No."] \
Mr. WILSON. The other House will follow
our example, 1 think.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If our action
related only to the volume before us, there might
lie some force in the suggestion of my friend from
Georgia; but this resolution relates to repoits
hereafter to be made; and 1 think we raav feel
it is not in order at this stage. . • - .
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now | words I move to strike out are: in such manner
ume not to°exeeed six hundred pages." The ji very well assured that the Inferior Department,
_ .. ^ \ t : _ 1   i: n., ^ h,r iKn -I aiko lit
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa- >
chus6 tts
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend it by!
striking out the words, " in their proper places," j
so that these illustrations can'be put in any por- j
tion of the volume by themselves. j
Mr. TOOMBS. There is but one remedy for I
as that the plates and drawings necessary to illus-
trate each subject shall be inserted" and to add
after the word" volume"" notto exceed six hun-
dred pages."
Mr WILSON. I will suggest to the Senator
from Michigan that he will attain his object by
letting the amendment stand as it is. I am will-
this evil, which fhave been endeavoring to coun- j; ing to limit it to seven or eight hundred pages.
teract myself for the last ten years, and that is to
go back to the principle of publishing nothing
except what is necessary for the body. That is
the only remedy, unless the one suggested by the
Senator from Mississippi, which is a good one,
and would be equally effective, be adopted. If
you could abolish the franking privilege, that
would be a desirable thing. The mails are now
lumbered up by your documents to such an ex-
tent as to bean enormous inconvenience to every-
body. During the recess, I know I had to send
to our village postmaster a two-horse wagon all
the time to get my mail. I presume that is the
history of all of us. A gentleman would have
to enlarge his house almost to bring in Ifcs docu-
ments. It takes almost as many moms for my
documents as it does for my small family. They
are multiplied for no object but to give jobs to
printers. 1 am glad the Committee on Printing
have struck at the evil; but they do not go half
The illustrations make six hundred pages of the
seventeen hundred and fifty printed now. I think
the whole call be included in a volume of about
seven hundred and fifty or eight hundred pages.
Here is the first volume of the message of the
President making eight hundred pages. I think it
is all included within eight hundred pages; and
we want the illustrations in the volume; proba-
bly they will be put at the close of the volume. I
think the Senator had better withdraw his amend-
ment, and provide that the work shall not exceed
eight hundred pages.
Mr. STUART. I will adopt that suggestion.
I will withdraw my amendment if the Senator
will add to his amendment a proviso that it shall
not exceed eight hundred pages.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to propose another
amendment 10 the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts; and that is that the reform corn-
far enough. Let us go back to the true principle .| mence with the present document. I want to
at once.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senate will
not do it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Print nothing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Move it, and
try it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I move to strike out all
except what is necessary for the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am not aware thai such a
motion would be in order. I am altogether op-
posed to this printing, in every form. I desire to
stiike at the root of the evil. I regret very much
that the Senator from Virginia has withdrawn his
motion for the indefinite postponement. I lenew
that motion, as I wish to record, at any rate, my
vote against this whole system of punting; and I
ask for the yeas and nays.
Tlie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. Before the vote is taken, I wish
to state that the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] has left the Chamber on account of sickness,
and I have agreed to pair off with him on ail con-
tested questions; but I presume he would vote
with me on this question. He left the matter in
my discretion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the indefinite postponement of the resolution, re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bigss, Brown, Clay, Dixon, Evans,
Fiteii, Hammond, Hunter, Xver^on, Ma^on, Pujrh, Shdell,
Thomson of Now Jersey, Toombs, Wade, and Yuleo—1G
NAYS—Messrs Alien, Bayard, Bitter, Bright, Broderick,
Cameron, Chandler, Claik, Coilamer, Durkee, Fessenden,
Fool, i'oile!. Hamhn.Harlan, Houston, Johnson of
Arkansas, Jones, EOnrtedy, ICmg,Sebastian,Seward, Stuart,
Trumbuii, and WiUon—2o.
So the motion was rejected.
begin this year
Mr. WILSON. The report is written already.
Mr. CAMERON. I will show you how it can
be done. Here are four hundred or five hundred
pages containing a list of patents granted. That
list forms a whole volume which is entirely use-
less, Just permit the Committee on Printing and
the Superintendent of Public Printing to act to-
! gethev, and they will curtail it in such a way as
■ to make a useful book without all this useless
I matter.
1 Mr. WILSON. I would suggest to the Senator
I from Pennsylvania that as the report has been
I made this year, we had better stand by the reso-
; lution of the committee and let it pass now, pro-
viding for the future. The report for this year
litis been written. I suppose it will amount to
seventeen or eighteen hundred pages when print-
ed. Let us print this report, but with this amend-
| merit, which will guide the Department in the
| future. If we undertake to do too much we prob-
, ably shall do nothing. X go for the report of the
' committee.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw my suggestion.
unless some intimation is given by the House ot
Representatives that they do not concur with us,
will make but one report to each House. The
one to us necessarily is restricted, and consists
of material culled from the vast mass of mutt-r
before them, and that will be the only report they
will make. It will be made to both branches.
Mr. CAMERON. The Committee on Printing
of the House of Representatives, I am satisfied,
are disposed to aet with the committee of this
body. The committees have met together once
or twice, and talked over the subject. If we begin
the reform here, they will carry it out there.
The amendment of Mr. W ilson was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 move to strike out that part
of the resolution which provides for printing eight
thousand copies for distribution by the members
of the Senate. I am willing to let the Patent Office
have two thousand to distribute, because they
know to whom these books will be useful better
than the Senate, and two thousand can be appro-
priated to them for that purpose. I think it is a
perfect waste of money to give Senators eight
thousand copies for distribution. I have now
seven hundred volumes lying in the post office at
Columbus, Georgia, wheie 1 reside, and I do not
know how to dispose of them. I saw, last sum-
mer, in a little trip I made to Arkansas, more
than twenty large bags of books lying in a post
office m the country for General Rust, a Repre-
sentative from that State. It very nearly resulted
in cutting me out of my trip; and I swore then,
iu my vengeance, that I would not vote a doliar
for printing hereafter. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not think
the Senator ought to vote for printing these vol-
umes, if he allows seven hundred of them to be
undistributed. As to those in Arkansas, I dis-
tribute them as fast as they come to me.
j Mr. IVERSON. I call for the yeas and nays
j on my motion.
! The yeas and nays were ordered.
! Mr. IVERSON. "The resolution proposes to
I print ten thousand—two thousand for the Inteiior
; Department, and eight thousand for the Senate;
; that is overand above fourteen hundred and twen-
'< ty, which is the usual number printed for the use
' of the Senate. I went to get rid of the eight thou-
j sand extra copies intended to be for the use of the
' Senate.
: The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so un-
! derstands the motion.
I Mr. BiGLER. 1 rise for the purpose of asking
; the chairman of the committee if he can give (he
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on ij Senate some idea of the amount of money winch
the amendment of the Senator fronkMassachu-
! setts, as modified. Ill order that there may be no -
i mistake in reference to the amendment between
; the Senatorfiom Michigan and the Senator from
. Massachusetts, the Secretary u ill read the amend- j
| ment
| The Secretary read it as follows: !
| And tnat the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
' hereby directed, to cause the annual lepoi l of the Com in is-
| sioner of Patents or. mechanics, hercaftei to be made to the
! Senate, to he prepaicd and submitted in such manner, as
that the plate« and diavvmgs necessary to ijlust.ate each
Tile VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty of : subject, shall he uiteitedso as to eonipn^c tile entue report
the Chair to call up the special order at this hour.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. With the unan-
imous consent of the Senate I should be glad to
have the vote taken now on the resolution. I
think we shall have no further debate. If we put
it off* until to-moirowit will consume the morn-
ing hour, perhops, and we may not have the vote
taken for a month. I hope we shah dfspode of
it now. [" Agreed, agreed "]
Mr. STUART. I wisji to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts by strik-
ing out the descriptive part, so that it will simply
direct the Commissioner to make a volume to
consist of six hundred pages, and let him use his
discretion as to how he will make it.
Mr. WILSON. Let the. Secretary read the
amendment as it now stands.
iii one volume not to eveeed eight hundred p.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to
amend that by striking outueight hundred pages"
and inserting- l<six hundred and fifty pa^es."
Eight hundred pages would make a cumbersome
volume, which would be difficult to liansmit m
the mails.
Mr. WILSON. The first volume of the mes-
sage is eight hundred pages, and it is not out of!; theenres of busm<"j.
the way in size. It will be pretty hard to com- '! be inconvenient th
will be saved by the motion of the Senator from
Georgia? The printing of two thousand copies,
it will be observed, will cost the entire amount of
the composition. After we have paid for the com-
position, the cost of the additional volumes will
be a very small proportion of (he expenditure.
Air. JOHNSON, of Atkansas. I will answer
the Senator. About $16,000 will be sa\ed by that
motion Tim cost of the two thousand copn «? for
the Department would be about $4,000; the cost
of the regular number would be §11,000 more;
making <>15,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. J am very sorry to disagree
with my friend from Geoigia; but 1 can .sutr^ st
an expedient that, perhaps, would i:ie
local post offices from the incumbrance of the^e
documents. It has been my habit t<> distiibute
them heie direct, and to send them m paitcls to
the State of Tex^s. I do not rely on Tin-it Umg
sent to me <U home, where 1 am surrMuiuud by
. to distribute tii-mi. It wouId
i*ft; bat here it i*-' very coss\«-
prise tiiis report in eight hundred pages. !j ruent, if they are- sen? to m<u
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well; let teis, to disinbute them, and
libers m then* quar-
thf'V <to directlv to
it go.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to make an inquiry of .
the Senator from Massachusetts and the Senate. !
is this a joint resolution ? ["No."] Then the !
result will be that the Patent Ofiice will send one \
. the different persons to whom they are dm ru-d.
I have received from the lenum st parts of Texas,
bordering on the Rio Grande, acknowledgment
of the receipt of the Patent Orlicc report fur last
year, either the agricultural or the mechanical por-
r. !
, L t J -
