HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB-DISTRICT, Jefferson City, Mo., April 1, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I am in receipt of yours of the 31st ultimo, directing me to inquire into the necessity of stationing troops at Boonville. For answer, I will state that there is no necessity of any troops being stationed at Boonville at this time. I am having the whole sub-district traversed by six companies. These six companies march in various directions, by squadrons, and frequently parts of squadrons. They have not heard of any enemy, and if this system of scouting is continued it will be impossible for an enemy to get into the country and remain.

It is so injurious to soldiers to quarter or station them near towns that I hope no order will be given to station my command at any place; at least not until the plan I am now pursuing as hereinbefore mentioned has proved unavailing. There is not in the service a better captain than Captain Vansickler. He never drinks; he never plays any kind of games of chance, and is attentive to his business, and is capable. He failed to please the citizens at Boonville.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. HALL,

Colonel Fourth Cav., M. S. M., Commanding First Sub-Dist.

HEADQUARTERS, Clinton, [Mo.,] April 1, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN:

On Wednesday, the day appointed for enrollment, the whole people turned out. I organized a company of Numbers 1 men in the forks of Grand and Osage Rivers, under Captain Good, whom all say is a most excellent citizen, loyal to the core. I also organized a company on Honey Creek, the officers of which are of the best character. Another company of good men on Deep Water will be organized. Two hundred and twenty-three men enrolled at this place, and I swore them all in, and will organize two companies out of them next Saturday. I have scarcely witnessed such deep feeling of earnestness in my life. There were at least 500 men here. I formed them all in front of the court-house, and before I swore them in I gave them a little talk, in the strain in which you did while here. I told them that we could not fight always; that we had now warred until we were all ruined, and we now had set out to run a new race. The past must be forgotten; the dead must bury their dead; by-gones must be by-gones. I tried to make them see then boon they had lost by the war, the poverty and want that was now upon them, and the peace and prosperity that stood before them if they would in good faith stand one by the other for the future in the observance of the laws and each other's rights. Colonel, I have never had the honor to spend such an hour. The old men wept like children, and I do really believe that every man on the ground in good faith dedicated himself to his country, and I feel grateful that you came to this part of the country. You have manufactured a sentiment for peace that will revolutionize this whole country. I trust in God that General Brown may be kept with us. We owe him a deeper debt of

