
still absent on furlough until the 14th. A complete new battery will be here for him in ten days. His requisition for equipments will not be filled in less than that time. I recommend that he be allowed to wait, and shall so order unless you dissent.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARKANSAS, No. 8. Camp No. 9, April 9, 1864.

The command will march to-morrow morning in the following order:

I. The First Division, Brigadier-General Carr commanding.

II. The Third Brigade, Third Division, Colonel Engelmann commanding.

III. The First Brigade, Third Division, Brigadier General S. A. Rice commanding.

IV. The trains of the First and Third Divisions, ordnance train, forage train of the First Division, in the order herein mentioned.

V. The Second Brigade, Third Division, Colonel William E. McLean commanding, who is charged with guarding the trains in his front and rear.

VI. The pontoon and supply train .

VII. Brigadier General J. M. Thayer's division. General Thayer will dispose of a portion of his cavalry so as to guard the trains in advance and place his train between the infantry brigades of his division, using a section of artillery and a squadron of cavalry with his rear guard.

VIII. The First Division will march at 6 a.m. The remainder of the command will follow in the order herein mentioned and encamp on the creek near Eads' plantation.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

GEO. O. SOKALSKI,

First Lieutenant Second Cav., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DET. SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 8. Little Rock, Ark., April 9, 1864.

I. Colonel William H. Graves, commanding the Twelfth Regiment Michigan Veteran Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters with his regiment, is assigned to the Third Brigade of the Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.

II. Lieutenant Colonel Henry Yates, One hundred and sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteers Infantry, is relieved from the command of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, and will report to his regiment for duty as soon as he shall have returned over the command to his successor.

III. Colonel William H. Graves, Twelfth Regiment Michigan Veteran Infantry, will assume command of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.

IV. Colonel C. C. Andrews, commanding post of Little Rock, is relieved of the command of all the troops in the Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, except the Third Regiment Minnesota and the Sixty-first Regiment Illinois Infantry, these troops having been assigned to him for post duty.

