
V. All the troops in the First and Second Brigades of the Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, in the vicinity of Little Rock, are attached to the Third Brigade of the Second Division. Commanding officers will report to Colonel William H. Graves, commanding, without unnecessary delay.

By order of Brigadier General Nathan Kimball:

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLARKSVILLE, April 9, 1864.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Is it the design of your communication of the 30th, directed to me, to revoke the following telegram?

LITTLE ROCK, March 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. WAUGH,

Commanding:

The major-general directs that you make the country infested with guerrillas and those who are aiding them uninhabitable as soon as practicable.

Respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

My men are in no manner guilty of indiscriminate pillage. They only act under my orders. I now respectfully ask the names of such persons as make these accusations.

Respectfully,

G. M. WAUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., April 9, 1864.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District of Northeastern Arkansas, Batesville, Ark.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that he wishes you to send him a report that will give him complete information as to the strength and effectiveness of the troops under your command. He wishes to know the condition of the country around you, particularly between Batesville and Jacksonport, as to the force of the enemy and the amount of forage that might be obtained. He intends make another demonstration toward Augusta, but will not do so before hearing from you, and he wishes to know what you could do in connection with such an expedition should it be ordered to go farther up the White River. He desires you to give him any information of interest from your district of which you may be possessed that might in any manner assist in forwarding the interests of the Government.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

