
CULPEPER, April 9, 1864-10.30 p.m.

(Received 11th.)

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I see it will not do so take infantry from your department. If necessary for you to station troops in Arkansas for the protection of Missouri, do it. The State Militia, with their consent, can be organized into U. S. volunteer infantry, but not into cavalry without special authority from the War Department. I cannot send more cavalry to you now. I will refer your recommendation for mustering militia into U. S. service and consolidating or mustering out such as will not accept service to the Secretary of War.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 9, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

Dispatch received ordering Ninth Iowa Cavalry to Little Rock, Ark. If it is not urgently necessary to send them at once, I recommend a delay of a few days to enable board of examination to finish the examination of the officers. The regiment came here perfectly new, and has been kept here for discipline, drill, and to get rid of incompetent officers.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 9, 1864.

(Received 1.30 p.m., 10th.)

General ROBERT ALLEN,

Quartermaster, Louisville, Ky.:

The whole of transportation on hand in the Department of Missouri shows 1,650 teams, besides ambulances. Of this number they ought to spare 500 at leak, if you want them elsewhere.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., April 9, 1864.

General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

General Grant tells me that General Steele will hold the line of Red River. Banks' troops are ordered elsewhere, and I have sent for A. J. Smith's command, which I loaned Banks for thirty days. You should send to Red River with dispatch all the men you can possibly spare, for if Steele can hold Alexandria and Shreveport, the only organized enemy will then be held at a great and safe distance from Missouri. Surely Missouri now is safe with its organized militia.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

