
NASHVILLE, TENN., April 9, 19864.

General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I am anxious that you should be interested in the state of affairs on Red River, because I know their importance. My troops from Vicksburg were loaned for a month, during which they captured a fort and garrison, and have pushed the enemy to Natchitoches, and don't know how much farther; but I must now have these troops back. Banks, too, is needed in another quarter. There remains only Steele and the navy to hold and guard what has been made, and to push the enemy to Texas.

The gun-boat never were in better order, but Steele has not enough men for the purpose. I did not know till to-day that General Grant had ordered Banks to another quarter. Every organized regiment in Missouri and Kansas should hasten to Red River; those in Missouri by water, and those in Kansas by land, by Fort Smith. No time should be lost, as I fear that Steele would be discouraged by the sudden withdrawal of his co-operating forces, unless he should perceive other fresh troops arriving. You surely need anything but militia now in Missouri. You should risk minor chances to secure larger results.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 9, 1864-11.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your two dispatches received. I have only three available regiments of infantry in this department (one more guarding Alton prison) in all. Two guarding the depots here, where about that force is needed. Only seven regiments of volunteer cavalry. The withdrawal of these troops at this time would injure concentrating much. The Missouri cavalry could go south when subsistence is procurable, sweeping rebel troops before them. A call for troops from Fayetteville, Ark., came to-day. Rebels crossed the Arkansas this way. Would it were in my power to help General Steele. I don't see how van be done by detachments nor without moving southward by land. Unfortunately the Missouri State Militia have not been organized as volunteers; my suggestions to that effect have not probably been acted on.

W. S ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, No. 53. Saint Louis, Mo., April 9, 1864.

I. The attention of the commanding general has been called to the fact that district commanders have assumed the right to form sub-provost-marshal districts and appoint assistant provost-marshals thereof. This is in direct violation of department orders. The provost-marshal-general of the department alone has the right, under existing orders, to appoint district and assistant provost-marshals, and in future no other appointments will be made. The right of forming sub-district for assistant provost-marshals and establishing their headquarters also belongs to the department provost-marshal-general, and cannot be exercised without his authority.

