
Third Sub-District.-Counties of Vernon, Cedar, Barton, and Dade. Headquarters, Greenfield.

Fourth Sub-District.-Counties of Lawrence, Jasper, and Newton.

Headquarters, Carthage.

Fifth Sub-District.-Counties of McDonald, Barry, Stone, and Taney. Headquarters, Cassville.

DISTRICT OF SAINT LOUIS, PROVOST-MARSHAL GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, SAINT LOUIS.

First Sub-District.-Counties of Saint Louis, Franklin, and Gasconade. Headquarters, Saint Louis.

Second Sub-District.-Counties of Jefferson, Washington, Saint Francois, Saint Genevieve, Iron, Reynolds, and Madison. Headquarters, Pilot Knob.

Third Sub-District.-Counties of Perry, Cape Girardeau, and Bollinger. Headquarters, Cape Girardeau.

Fourth Sub-District.-Counties of Mississippi, Stoddard, and northern part of New Madrid. Headquarters, Charleston.

Fifth Sub-District.-Counties of Wayne, Butler, Ripley, and Carter. Headquarters,----.

Sixth Sub-District.-Counties of Dunklin, Pemiscot, and southern part of New Madrid. Headquarters, New Madrid.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAYETTEVILLE, April 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Official dispatches from Van Buren and Fort Smith say Stewart, a Missourian, has 300 men on Mulberry and is concentrating; also 200 men crossed yesterday below Fort Smith going north, and smaller parties crossing daily. Major Fitch was fired on both going and coming between this and Cassville. He says the cross-roads are thoroughly beaten by footmen and horsemen, and thinks that they are rebels from the marks and from information received. A messenger from below says Quantrill crossed with a party a few days since between Smith and Gibson.

The guns sent by you have arrived, but I must have more. I have given out every one to supply the immediate necessities of my own regiment and have not enough yet. Please send those called for last night, as well as 100 picks and 200 spades, to my quartermaster. I am fortifying, but lack tools. Trains between Cassville and this place should be well escorted. I will keep you informed of all movements. Goods for citizens had better be kept back for the present.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS, Saint Louis, Mo., April 9, 1864.

(Received 10th.)

General SANBORN, Springfield, Mo.:

Your dispatch received.* You do not say where these rebels crossed the Arkansas, but at all events get troops on hand to whip

---------------

* See Part I, p.876.

---------------

