
gratitude than any man in Missouri. His soldierly and just policy to our district will give him more honors than generally falls to the lot of man to wear.

I will leave a small garrison at Calhoun, and bring the larger portion of the company here in a few days. I have required of all the commissioned officers of these new organizations to subscribe to the oath prescribed by our last Legislature, and I will accompany the muster-roll with the affidavit of each one, which, I think, will effectually check all charges of disloyalty, at least as far as the officers are concerned.

My trunk has not yet come to hand. It may have been returned to the stage station at Warrensburg, as it went through to Dresden by mistake. I came to Warrensburg on the 24th day of March from Kansas City (make inquiry first). General, my compliments to Kenney, Sergeant Johnson, Smith, and all others included. I will send the muster-in rolls of the new organizations next week.

I am, general, your friend and servant,

HENRY NEILL,

Major First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., April 1, 1864.

Major MELTON,Commanding in the Field, Rolling Prairie, via Cassville, Mo.:

In your movements in Arkansas you will bear in mind that the object of first importance to be accomplished is that capture or destruction of the forces of the enemy, and that next to this, for the present, is the holding of or occupying some position where the public animals can be foraged, and that the occupation of any particular position is not of so much importance unless it better secures the holding of a large portion of the country. If our forces are equal to the task, they should attack and drive the enemy as early as possible.

Colonel Philips is on his way from Saint Louis. The paymasters are here.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., April 1, 1864.

Major MURPHY,Commanding Battalion Sixth Missouri State Militia Cav.,

Yellville, Ark., via Cassville, Mo.:

Your letter of the 28th is at hand.* Can you not move a portion of the forces at Yellville forward to Buffalo Creek, where there is forage, and where they can support the forces at and cover Yellville, thereby reducing the number of horses at Yellville so that they could be well fed? Or you can keep a portion of your command in the field on Buffalo, sending out detachments with six days' rations,

---------------

*See Part II, p. 762.

---------------

