
NASHVILLE, April 9, 1864.

General CURTIS:

General Grant telegraphs me that General Steele will hold Red River. General Banks is ordered, elsewhere, and the troops of A. J. Smith are merely loaned to Banks by me for thirty days, and these are about out. Steele will need re-enforcements, and they should come from Missouri and Kansas. If Steele can hold securely Shreveport and Alexandria you would need nothing but militia in Kansas. Your re-enforcements should go by land to Fort Smith and on to Red River, wherever General Steele may be. General Grant me to direct in that matter, and I ask what troops you can send. Of course we must concentrate here and Virginia all the men possible, leaving you west of the Mississippi to hold in check Price and Kirby Smith.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CULPEPER, VA., April 9, 1864-2.30 p.m.

(Received 3.30 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Letters from Secretary of Interior and Commissioner of Indian Affairs, indorsing letters from P. Choteau &amp; Co., of Saint Louis, requesting to be furnished means of defense and protection in transporting Indian goods up Missouri River, have been received from the Secretary of War. Please direct the officer in charge of Saint Louis arsenal to furnish them two 12-pounder howitzers and 500 rounds of ammunition, and General Curtis to furnish them a detail of 30 men from troops nearest the Missouri River to protect Government property. Telegraph copies of each order to P. Choteau & Co., Saint Louis.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT SMITH, ARK., April 9, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you the progress of fortifications at Fort Smith. Fort No. 2, on the Texas road, is nearly completed, and two 12-pounder brass guns are mounted. Mechanics are now employed in building the drop bridge, which will be completed in a short time. Fort No. 3, near the Catholic convent, is progressing finely, and I think it will be completed, with the exception of the rifle-pits, in ten to fifteen days. Fort No. 4, on the Van Buren road, is progressing fast, but as it is the largest work of all, and calculated to contain quarters for 500 men, it will yet require thirty to fifty days till completed. The block-house is built, lacking the top covering, and the stockades are now in progress.

The balance of the batteries are not yet begun, but they will take little work to make them. I did intend to inclose herewith the plans

