
of the works I have in progress, but on account of the insecurity of the mail I think that I had better withhold them than to risk them falling into the enemy's hands.

Hoping to receive your notice at the earliest convenience, I am, your obedient servant,

ANTON GERSTER,

Captain, Engineer, District of the Frontier.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo., April 9, 1864.

ASST. ADJT. General, DEPT. OF KANSAS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 5th instant a party of Cheyenne Indians stole 175 head of cattle from the Government contractors, Irwin, Jackmen &amp; Co., from the headquarters of the Big Sandy, on the Smoky Hill route of the overland stage line (which they ran when the line was first started from Leavenworth to Denver.) The Indians with the stock were traced by the herders about 15 miles. They then left the stream, and the trail ran a due east course, which would take them into the headwaters of the Smoky Hill. I have sent out a section of artillery and company of cavalry in pursuit of them, with instructions to recover the stock. If they refuse to give it up, to chastise them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., April 9, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 4th instant. Your order prohibiting the departure of the Sixth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers until orders to the contrary are sent me from department headquarters will be complied with, and the detachments of that regiment now stationed along the outer defenses of the frontier will be directed to hold themselves in readiness to move as soon as marching orders reach them.

I cannot but believe that the latter part of your dispatch is based upon a misapprehension of the force in this district. Leaving the Sixth Regiment out of the estimate, I have under my command the Eighth Regiment Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, numbering about 800 effective men; the Second Minnesota Cavalry, about 1,050 men; Hatch's battalion, about 350 men; the Third Minnesota Battery, about 125 men; and the Invalid or Veteran Reserve Corps, numbering about 150. The first-named regiment (to be mounted), with eight companies Second Cavalry and two sections of the battery, say, 1500 men, or perhaps 1,600, are to be dispatched in accordance with your directions to join General Sully. I shall then be left without any infantry force to establish the two posts in the interior, and the rest of the military strength specified will be barely sufficient to

8 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

