
garrison the posts already in existence and guard the frontier against hostile raids. Brackett's battalion is, of course, not embraced in the foregoing enumeration, it being under marching orders for Sioux City. Forts Abercrombie, Ripley, and Ridgely should not be garrisoned by less than two companies each, and the Veteran Reserve detachment will be required at Fort Snelling.

There are some exposed stations along the extensive line which should be occupied by small detachments, and to effect all these objects you will perceive I shall be left with a force all told of not more than one regiment of men. To enable me to carry out your plan for the establishment of the posts on James River and Devil's Lake the First Regiment should be ordered on duty in this district without delay. Its three years' term of service expires on 29th instant, when many of the veterans will be mustered out, leaving between 300 and 400, including recruits. The ranks can, I think, be filled up to the minimum, at least in time to enable me to dispatch a force sufficient for the two posts.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

N. B.-I did not advert to another fact, as I perhaps should have done, and that is the necessity of having some disposable force on hand to enforce the draft. It is Governor Miller's belief, as well as my own, that in some localities in this State there will be resistance unless there is a military force on hand to compel submission.

Respectfully,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Baton Rouge, La., April 10, 1864.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans, La.:

I have stopped here parts of three companies First Indiana Artillery, which had orders from Colonel Keith to proceed to regimental headquarters, New Orleans. But this is now the regimental headquarters. Colonel Keith is expected very soon with 300 men or more. I shall stop them unless otherwise ordered. The may be soon called upon to do service here.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, April 10, 1864.

Colonel W. H. DICKEY,

Commanding First Brigade, First Div., Corps d'Afrique:

The major-general commanding directs that you throw out to-night pickets upon every road leading into the town upon this side of the river. He desires me to state that cavalry vedettes will be posted in front of these pickets.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

