SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 92. New Orleans, La., April 10, 1864.

* * * * *

3. The battalion of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Parkhurst commanding, just arrived from the North on the steamer Mississippi, will be reported to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding the Defenses of New Orleans, to be prepared for the field, and when ready for the field, will be sent to join its regiment without delay.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH. B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 76. Pass Cavallo, Tex., April 10, 1864.

* * * * *

V. Company A, Fourteenth Regiment Rhode Island Volunteer Heavy Artillery, is hereby detached from Major Comstock's battalion and will be reported by the senior officer, Captain T. W. Fry, to Major Thompson, at Aransas Pass, to take charge of the guns at that station.

VI. The two companies of the First Regiment of Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, now located at Aransas Pass, are relieved from duty there, and will be reported by the senior officer, Captain I. C. Blanchard, to Colonel J. Hodge, at Brazos Santiago.

* * * * *

VIII. Lieutenant Colonel Gilbert A. Pierce, quartermaster Thirteenth Army Corps, will cause all water transports in or near Pass Cavallo, subject to his orders, to be immediately anchored, and to lie at anchor, when not in use, outside of Fort Esperanza, and under its guns. He will also have all small craft so cared for as to prevent their surprise and captured.

IX. Brigadier-General Warren, commanding First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, will take measures to prevent any flag of truce from the enemy approaching by land nearer to this island than the mainland beyond Bayucas Island, and all vessels bearing such flag will be stopped opposite the mouth of the upper bayou, otherwise known as Bayucas, by a flank cartridge from right battery on McHenry's Bayou, to be followed by solid shot or shell if the signal is not obeyed.

* * * * *

By command of Major General John A. McClernand:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 10, 1864.

(Received 15th.)

Major-General SHERMAN:

General Steele has ordered thirty days' supplies of subsistence and ammunition to be sent to Camden from Pine Bluff, and will move to Shreveport as soon as they received.

Respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

