HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, April 10, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER DETACHMENT FIRST DIVISION:

SIR: You will please direct that all transportation in your division not absolutely required for present use be reported to Captain Uri Manly, assistant quartermaster, at 8 a.m. to-morrow, April 11, to be loaded with supplies for the army in the field. Captain Manly will decide as to what is required for use at this post.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy of above furnished Captain Uri Manly.)

LITTLE ROCK, April 10, 1864.

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding, Pine Bluff:

Dispatches just received from the front. Army in camp 5 miles beyond Elkin's Ferry, on the Little Missouri River, on 7th instant, waiting for Thayer, who was within one day's march. Had several skirmishes with Marmaduke and Shelby, in all of which we drove them. Loss but slight. How many wagons can you furnish to load with quartermaster's and commissary stores to go to Camden from Pine Bluff? The general desires that energy wagon and mule that can possibly be spared should be sent. The country is almost entirely destitute of supplies for troops. Forage for animals is plenty. The general will move on Camden as soon as Thayer joins him.

Answer about wagons immediately.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., April 10, 1864.

Colonel C. H. MACKEY,

Commanding Detachment Third Division:

The general commanding directs that every men of your command able to march be at once placed in readiness to move from this point to-morrow with two days' rations and 60 rounds of ammunition.

All the transportation you have for duty will accompany the detachment, yourself in command. You are to guard a wagon train from this point to Pine Bluff, thence with your detachment your are to report to the front. He desires you to report at his headquarters for particular instructions.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

