
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 10, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Commanding, Lewisburg:

Who is the Texas general and what is his force? Tell Fuller to defend Dardanelle to the last man. How is the river above? Answer immediately.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, April 10, 1864.

Colonel LYNDE,

Commanding Ninth Kansas Cavalry, Fort Scott:

Move your command to Fort Smith at once and report to Colonel Judson, and by telegraph to these headquarters.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, April 10, 1864.

Colonel W. R. JUDSON,

Commanding, Fort Smith:

Has the Ninth Kansas arrived? Has the post at Roseville been disturbed? Are the rebels in any force near your post? Is the river rising? Defend your post to the last man if attacked. Answer immediately.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Patterson, Mo., April 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN N. HERDER,

Commanding at Pilot Knob, Mo.:

SIR: Your telegram has been received. I do not think it would be practicable to place troops at Poplar Bluff of Doniphan, making them dependent upon the country for forage, even after grazing becomes good, as there is no forage in this country worth mentioning; but twenty wagons would supply three companies at Doniphan with full rations of forage and provisions from Pilot Knob. Considerable bacon may be procured in the country, and after the 15th of May beef-cattle could be obtained; this with the corn that can be obtained in scouring the country would reduce the transportation required, and after the 15th of September there would be, I would suppose, sufficient forage in the country to subsist a command of that size. Applications are being made to me daily by citizens of Oregon, Ripley, and Butler Counties to furnish them assistance to remove their families from that country.

Up to this time I have not encouraged them in removing, advising them to wait and see if troops would not be sent there to remain and protect them. It seems very hard for every loyal man to be driven away from that country by a mere handful of guerrillas. It is out of the question to operate against them effectively at so great a distance, with such a scarcity of forage and provisions in the country, but if

