
stationed among them, well supplied, we might soon kill and drive out these devils and restore peace and quiet to those counties; and instead of the citizens being supported by the Government the coming winter, they would be enabled to support themselves and to supply the Government troops in that country. I prefer Doniphan to Poplar Bluff because it commands the range of guerrillas on Currant River, and is centrally located between Black River swamps and Eleven Points River. I think the placing of troops at that point would be productive of much good, if well supplied.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient servant,

JAMES WILSON,

Major, Commanding Outpost.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST,Pilot Knob, April 12, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to General Ewing, commanding District of Saint Louis, Mo.

Within is in answer to telegram of the 8th instant. Major Wilson is fully acquainted with the country referred to; has been down there many times. He can be fully relied upon. I entirely agree with him in regard to placing troops at Doniphan, &amp;c. His whole statement consist of my own opinion.

JNO. N. HERDER,

Lieutenant Colonel First Infantry, M. S. M., Commanding Post.

PATTERSON, MO., April 10, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

SIR: We the loyal citizens of Wayne, Butler, and Ripley Counties, would humbly petition the establishment of a post at Poplar Bluff, Butler County, and at Doniphan, Ripley County, or otherwise grant us permission to organize home guards for our defense. There are not a dozen loyal men (I mean what I say; they can't say shibboleth) left in Butler and Ripley Counties. They are about all driven from homer or killed, their arms lying idle; their families reduced almost to a state of starvation. A post of infantry at these places would answer almost as well as cavalry, for those demons can never be subdued by raids. Their paths must be watched. If an order was issued for every loyal man from eighteen to fifty to take up arms and scout the country until jayhawking was no more it would soon cease.

If neither can be granted, please inform your most obedient servants,

H. C. DAVIDSON,

HIRAM WALKER.

[And 44 others.]
HDQRS. COMPANY A, 7TH CAV., MO. STATE MILITIA,Warsaw, Mo., April 10, 1864.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Commanding:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, in obedience to Circular No. 2, headquarters District of Central Missouri, that on 5th April, 1864, I sent a scout of 1 non-commissioned officer and 10 men, mounted,

