
with instructions not to run down their horses while out, but feed and recuperate them. Do the best you can for the Government and people. If you are attacked by forces largely superior, fight and maneuver, keeping where you can get forage and supplies, attacking the enemy whenever you can. Send through your prisoners and wounded the first good opportunity. Kitchen, whom you spoke of as brigadier-general, is, I think, an old captain of bushwhackers, whose wife lives in Lebanon, on the Rolla road.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., April 1, 1864.

Colonel FRANK E. HOWE:

SIR: There are good and loyal men here who have been assured by authority of General Banks that themselves and property should be protected, who now earnestly desire permission to haul in their produce, principally cotton, and turn it over to the quartermaster, subject to the action of the major-general commanding. You will be doing such men a great favor it you can procure from General Banks authority for them to bring their cotton, &amp;c., in and turn it over to the quartermaster.

Yours, most respectfully,

J. H. McKEE.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Grand Ecore, April 3, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel S. B. Holabird.

Considering the deficiency of Government transportation, I see no objection to permission being granted to the people of the country to haul in their produce to the river, turning them over to the quartermaster for disposition according to previous orders. In making arrangements for the disposition of these products at New Orleans, see if it can be arranged between you and the Treasury agent in what manner and by whom the sale shall be conducted.

N. P. BANKS,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, Fort Smith, Ark., April 1, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of your letter of the 18th of March.* You certainly misapprehend my meaning when you infer from my telegram of the 17th ultimo that I have yielded the point

---------------

*See Part II, p. 651.

---------------

