
25 miles southeast of this to hunt out some robbers who have infested that portion of the county for some time. They succeeded in capturing 2 of them. No bands of guerrillas heard of in this county within the last month. Number of men on scout within the last ten days, 11; average distance traveled by each, 60 miles.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE P. CHILES,

Second Lieutenant Commanding Company A, Seventh Cav., M. S. M.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Lexington, Mo., April 10, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding 3rd Sub-Dist., Dist., of Cent. Mo., Warrensburg, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have to report that since my last report, of March 31, the troops at this post have made no scouts, being only a sufficient force for guard and escort duty. Company G has traveled a distance of 150 miles, or about 1 1/2 miles each, on escort duty. Company H has traveled a distance of 160 miles, or about 1 1/2 miles each, on escort duty. The troops at Mound Prairie Church have done some scouting in that vicinity, but can find no trace of bushwhackers. The troops at Republican Church killed a man by the name of Fear, said to belong to Gann's band of bushwhackers. With this exception they have found nothing of any further trace of bushwhackers.

I am, very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ALEX. W. MULLINS,

Major First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Commanding.
HDQRS. COMPANY M, FIRST MO. STATE MIL. CAV.,Hall's Mills, Mo., April 10, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

1st Cav., Mo. S. M., Commanding 3rd Sub-Dist., Warrensburg, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that the men under my command have been on nine scouts within the last ten days, and have traveled in the aggregate 1,440 miles, being equal to 17 30/77 miles' travel to each man. We find the country all quiet and the people generally at work with all their force preparing for their spring crops. We have neither seen nor heard of any bushwhackers on the contrary find the people generally well disposed toward the Government and desirous to submit to all military orders. We find forage rather scarce in the country, but up to the present we have been able to get full rations for our horses.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. EADS,

Captain Company M, First Cav., Missouri State Militia.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., April 10, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

If I draw troops away from the posts and county seats it will create a panic throughout the district. I have therefore ordered Colonel Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry, to keep his force in readiness to move constantly, and to move upon and attack the enemy wherever

