
he can find him. This force is near Bellefonte and Yellville, Ark., and if this force is moved I may abandon Yellville. It is now difficult to obtain forage there. If the troops are withdrawn I will give the citizens seasonable notice, so that all can come away that desire. Quantrill, with a small force, is reported to have crossed between Fort Smith and Gibson; Stewart, with 300 men, between Van Buren and Clarksville and 200 below Clarksville, and many small bands.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF THE FRONTIER, DEPT. OF ARKANSAS,Fort Smith, Ark., April 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri, Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: Colonel Harrison, is doing all he can. His men are mostly dismounted and cannot follow and attack them. He is strengthening his breast-works; can hold the place until your movement is made. Eight hundred men (Battle's brigade), mostly Texans. They divided, 400 attacking Roseville, 45 miles southeast. The enemy was driven back, with loss of 10 killed and 15 wounded; 1 major and 1 lieutenant wounded. Our loss, 4 killed and 8 wounded. The other party crossed over the river in the direction of Clarksville. At last accounts they were 15 miles off. My men will fight them to the last. Lines down. Anxious to learn the result. In a few days more my cavalry will be relieved from guarding cotton. An active campaign will be commenced at once with all the independent companies I can organize. Help me all you can. Am fortifying here. Guns mounted on one of the forts. All safe. Have no transportation. Can I use your teams here temporarily?

Yours, respectfully,

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD, April 10, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

I request that ammunition be forwarded to me as promptly as possible. I am in need of it for both pistol and carbine. I have permitted or ordered to Springfield officers of the regiment to be mustered in [to] return immediately. Ordnance was to be brought down and ought to be here, but is not. The enemy is scouting all around me and I cannot venture out in a long pursuit, for the cause explained. Captain Orr had a skirmish with Sissell, Cooper, and Pattern's forces, numbering 250. He had 50 men, and fought them two hours on the headwaters of Buffalo. Returned with the loss of 1 killed, 1 captured, 1 wounded. Sissell is there yet, sick or wounded, and if I receive ammunition I can wipe him out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. MELTON,

Major-Commanding Second Arkansas Cavalry.

