
have no hinges. Platforms for shot have been constructed at two batteries and the guns partly supplied with shot. The others, I presume, will be finished and supplied to-morrow, and the magazines have been supplied with powder. The ordnance officer informs me that he will complete the complement of implements at all the guns as far as in his power immediately . The guns are still much in need of oil and work hard and clumsily. Some of the axles I doubt not have never been oiled since mounted, if, indeed, they were then. I hesitate to apply salt grease, fearful that it will more harm than good.

Hoping soon to report a complete battery, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. BEARDSLEY,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detach. 6th Michigan Vol. Heavy Arty.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,In the Field, April 11, 1864.

COMMANDING GENERAL FORCES, C. S. ARMY,

Pleasant Hill:

SIR: When the troops of my command evacuated Pleasant Hill there were left behind for want of ambulances quite a large number of wounded officers and men. At the moment it was impracticable to leave with them the proper supplies for men in their condition, but I request of you now the privilege of forwarding for them necessary supplies of food, medicines, clothing, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 16. Grand Ecore, La., April 11, 1864.

1. The One hundred and thirty-third Regiment New York Volunteers is relieved from duty in the Defenses of New Orleans, and will report to Brigadier General C. Grover, commanding Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, at Alexandria, La., for duty in the field.

2. The four regiments of infantry belonging to the Thirteenth Army Corps, now serving at Baton Rouge, will be immediately relieved by an equal number of dismounted cavalry, now serving in the Defenses of New Orleans, and on being so relieved will be reported under command of the senior field officer to the commander of the detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps now serving in the field.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRAND ECORE, April 11, 1864.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that a line of defense has been selected here, and that the troops upon

