
volleys of musketry and salvos of artillery . The hopes of the army are concentrated in the reserve, which was General Emory's division of the Nineteenth Army Corps. They were on their knees, not firing a gun until the charge of the enemy reached about 50 yards, when a most furious fire was delivered and continued; not a man wavered. Like a wall of fire they held their position, inflicting the most terrible punishment until night, when the battle closed.

At night our line fell back to Pleasant Hill for water and supplies. They followed us closely, and at about 4 p.m. of the following day engaged us again with renewed vigor and increased forces. As upon the day before, our first line was forced in by overpowering numbers. The Sixteenth Corps came up upon a most magnificent charge, led by Generals Stone and Mower, accompanied by several members of the staff. On they went, with terrible effect, turning the enemy and driving him most disastrously, and continued in pursuit until night. In this action we took a large number of prisoners and guns that had been taken from us the day before. We have now fallen back to our base on Red River, to resupply ourselves with rations and ammunition preparatory to a new advance.

These fights have been as sanguinary as any I have ever seen. The list of killed and wounded is tremendous. For four days I slept on the ground, with nothing but an overcoat, without removing an item of apparel, and with nothing to eat from breakfast to breakfast, and then nothing but hard and salt meat. I shall send you full reports as soon as possible to obtain them. Please forward the inclosed letter, addressed to General McClernand, as soon as possible by a trusty messenger. I return your letter addressed to Colonel Benedict. He was killed at the action near Mansfield.

In reply to your communication of the 4th, I beg leave to report that copies of every order issued have been sent you.

I am, colonel, sincerely yours,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, La., April 11, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, Pass Cavallo, Tex.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department desires that you return to New Orleans, and thence to his headquarters in the field, to assume personal command of that portion of the Thirteenth Army Corps now serving in the campaign. He further desires that you bring from Pass Cavallo all the white infantry at that place, except the necessary garrison for defense of the position in conjunction with the gun-boats of the navy. This necessary garrison, the major-general commanding thinks, should not exceed 2,000 infantry of the Thirteenth Army Corps, the field and heavy artillery troops now there, and the cavalry which has been heretofore assigned to duty with you which is deemed sufficient for scouting purposes.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

