
secure the light-house there from further injury. Should the enemy occupy that point, which is hardly supposable, we could cut off his escape by marching upon him either from Brownsville or Brazos Island. Colonel Hodge is now throwing a bridge across Boca Chica which, when completed, will much facilitate communication between the island and Brownsville. The project railroad between the island and Hall's ranch, on the Rio Grande, would still more facilitate it, and I think should be early completed. Colonel Hodge needs an addition to his force for fatigue duty. I would recommend that one of the colored regiments at Port Hudson be sent to him; also, that another be sent here to relieve the heavy fatigue in handling stores and constructing defenses. I understand that Colonel A. J. Edgerton, commanding Sixty-seventh U. S. Infantry (colored), desires to come here. His regiment would be very acceptable.

The works at Brownsville are well planned as against the rebels, and are well constructed, so far as they have progressed. Old Fort Brown has been partly dismantled, and materials taken from it for the works above the town, which has been abandoned. This fort is the only work which would afford defense against attack from the opposite side of the Rio Grande, and should be rebuilt; and to meet contingencies on that side, it would be well to throw up two batteries, one above and the other below old Fort Brown, on the river bank, thus commanding the Mexican side of the river by a perfect cross-fire of artillery, and securing the rear of the works now under construction, which is entirely exposed. The inclosed drawing* will illustrate the plan of the works near Brownsville. The alterations I propose are marked in red ink.

I have directed that all deficiencies existing in any of the staff departments be immediately supplied. In conclusion, it would be enchanted to conceal the fact that the long-continued dispersion of this corps over so extended a space has been and still is working injury to its morale and efficiency. To arrest this evil and to secure an opportunity for aggressive operations, it is earnestly recommended, in accordance with the universal desire both of officers and privates, that the corps be early concentrated and ordered upon active service in the field.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A . McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pass Cavallo, Tex., April 11, 1864.

Major A. C. MATTHEWS:

MAJOR: Your dispatch of the 7th instant (among others) was brought to my notice on my return from Brownsville. You are permitted, in the exercise of your discretion, to cross over with such portion of your command as you may think proper to Saint Joseph's Island, for the purpose of making a reconnaissance and bringing away cattle and horses. I am informed that our forces left a number of horses on that island on their advance along the coast to Matagorda Island. As it appears that parties of the enemy have

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

