
GRAND ECORE, April 11, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

We have met the enemy in full force on the 8th and 9th and beat him both times, but have been compelled to fall back for want of water. His force is 22,000. Smith, Price, Green, and Taylor are here. Mouton is killed. The enemy will attack us, or assault you in force. Both must be ready. I shall communicate with you as often as possible.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARKANSAS, No. 9. Prairie D'Ane, Ark., April 11, 1864.

The command will move to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock, in the following order: Brigadier General E. A. Carr will place his cavalry on the right and left, the same as in the movement of to-day. Brigadier General F. Salomon will move in the center, and in columns, covered by skirmishers. Brigadier General J. M. Thayer will form his command in columns in the same position assigned him to-day . The entire command will move in columns, covered by skirmishers, the center of the column on the Spring Hill road. The train will remain parked in the same position it now occupies.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

GEO. O. SOKALSKI,

First Lieutenant, Second Cavalry, and Act. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., April 11, 1864.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: Yours of the 7th, from Elkin's Ferry, is received. I rejoice at your success, and do most sincerely hope that you may drive the enemy before you and gain victories in every engagement. I am rejoiced that the Fiftieth Indiana has sustained its reputation and the honor of our flag and the State; and, general, I know that they will continue to do so. They can be relied upon in any emergency. They will never falter, nor will they be defeated. Sorry to hear of General Rice's sanguinary mishap; hope he may escape in future. General, I regret that I am not with you. I would rather be your orderly than be here. I am doing the best I can under the circumstances. I regret that you have deemed it necessary to give confidential instructions to your assistant adjutant-general, denier resort. I will do nothing except what is right, demanded by the circumstances or the good of the public service, and I will act as my judgment and the requirements of the service dictate and demand. I will treat all citizens with due kindness, and administer affairs for their good and for the advancement of our cause and the good of the Government.

The trains with supplies are dispatched with the utmost promptness. I sent forward all the troops belonging to the commands with

