
FORT SMITH, April 11, 1864.

General KIMBALL:

Roseville was attacked at two different times-three to one. My men drove them back. Enemy destroyed two cotton-gins and some cotton near by. Have pressed teams to bring away Government cotton. Cavalry can follow them. Clarksville most in danger. Ordered them to barricade the streets, take possession of the houses, loophole the valleys, and defend it to the last. Extending breast-works at Fayetteville. General Sanborn will send relief there soon. Have no fear of this point. Guns mounted on one fort; all the men at work on the others.

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[LITTLE ROCK, ARK.,] April 11, 1864.

Colonel W. R. JUDSON,

Commanding District of the Frontier:

The general is glad to hear from you. Major Green telegraphed you last night orders about the transportation, and ordered the Ninth Kansas to report to you as soon as practicable. General Thayer probably made the connection with General Steele at 5 miles from Camden last Friday.

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEWISBURG, April 11, 1864.

General KIMBALL:

I was absent on the outpost when your dispatch of last evening arrived relative to the skirmish at Roseville. I do not think there were more than 250 rebels, although reported to have been 600. Colonel Cloud, who, I presume, reached Little Rock last night or this a.m., will post you fully, as some of his scouts were there. Small bands of rebels are coming up from below daily. Of their operations in the vicinity of Dardanelle, Lieutenant-Colonel Fuller will keep you advised . I am keeping out scouting parties of all the men I can spare, sending two to-day. The steamer Alamo has just left for Little Rock with Judge Harper, Mr. White, and [Mr.] Stephenson on board. The river is falling.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., April 11, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Commanding Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, Lewisburg, Ark.:

SIR: The general commanding directs that your order Second Lieutenant John N. Jones, of your regiment, to proceed in command of a scout of 75 men, to be detailed by you and properly officered, to Hot Springs County, on a special duty, which he is instructed by the proper

