
person. He wishes the detail to start at the earliest practicable moment. He orders that no houses be burnt by them and no property destroyed, but he wishes them to secure all guerrillas and bushwhackers who may fall in their way.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 11, 1864.

General RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

If the General-in-Chief accedes to my views of allowing two good disciplined regiments of cavalry from without the State for this department, ask him to please let me have the Second Iowa and Third Michigan. The Seventh Kansas is a good fighting regiment, but would be less likely to answer our purpose here.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, No. 100. Saint Louis, Mo., April 11, 1864.

* * * * *

10. The Ninth Iowa Cavalry, Colonel Trumbull, will proceed by rail to Rolla, Mo., and march thence, via Springfield, Mo., to Little Rock, Ark., and report for duty to Major-General Steele. At Springfield, Colonel Trumbull will report to Brigadier-General Sanborn, commanding District of Southwest Missouri, for instructions and orders to enable him on his march to co-operate with troops of that district and in Northwest Arkansas, in extirpating bands of guerrillas in that section of the country . General Sanborn will not give orders which will materially delay the regiment in reporting at Little Rock, unless the exigencies of the service at the time should require it. Colonel Trumbull will make the usual requisitions on proper staff officers for transportation, supplies, &amp;c.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, April 11, 1864.

General EWING,

Commanding District of Saint Louis:

Some more of those most notorious bandits and guerrillas I got track of crossed the river into Illinois. May I send after them? To catch the leaders and to catch these robbers at their haunt will do more good than to send whole companies after them when they have once come over the river.

JOHN N. HERDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

