
that some demonstration might be made on the upper Rio Grande which would at least embarrass the rebels in that quarter. Any troops sent out for this object should not be advanced so far to be seriously exposed.

Since my last letter to you on this subject General Banks seems to have changed his base of operations from the Gulf, west to the Red River. This will probably render any demonstration on your part of less assistance to him than when he was operating on his former base. Indeed, I am of opinion that after his long delays he will not accomplish much in Texas this spring. On the 1st of February last Brigadier General J. R. West was ordered to report for duty to Major-General Steele, Department of Arkansas. It appears from your recent dispatches that you had not received the order. If so, this will be sufficient authority for you to send him to General Steele. In anything you may do on Mexican territory, be exceedingly careful to give no offense to the French. It is important at the present time that we maintain the most amicable relations with that power.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 11, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: Captain B. C. Cutler, assistant adjutant-general of the Department of New Mexico, has arrived at my headquarters with dispatches from Brigadier-General Carleton. Inclosed herewith is a copy of General Carleton's communication addressed to me on the 7th ultimo; also copy of a letter from Captain Cutler communicating the wishes of the general. I have already reported the departure of all the companies of the First Cavalry for the Department of New Mexico. The seventh and last company has not yet reached Fort Yuma; the other six companies are far in advance of that point. To enable General Carleton to comply with the instructions he was received from the General-in-Chief, I have ordered my chief quartermaster to prepare with dispatch the thirty wagons; they will be sent forward from Southern California, laden with the articles of subsistence asked for, at the earliest moment practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW WRIGHT, Santa Fe, N. Mex., March 7, 1864.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Dept. of the Pacific, Sacramento, Cal.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your kind letter of the 23rd of January reached me in Franklin, Tex. There are reasons connected with the public service, which Captain Cutler will explain to you, that renders it necessary that I should retain all the transportation that comes through with the cavalry companies, and ask of you, besides, the favor to send me thirty first-class 6-mule teams, the wagons to be

