
laden each with sugar, coffee, tea, candles, soap, rice, vinegar, and pork, in due proportions, except sugar and coffee, which should be 2 per cent in excess over and above all the other articles. Beans and flour and doubtless salt, I can get on the Rio Grande. The train should come at once through to Las Cruces, N. Mex., where it will be greatly needed. I beg not to be disappointed in this, as everything depends on getting the train and stores at the earliest possible day. Captain Cutler will give you all the news, and tell you how much we regretted the idea of your removal.

* * * *

Sincerely, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.] SACRAMENTO, CAL., April 10, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Dept. of the Pacific, Sacramento, Cal.:

GENERAL: I had the honor to hand you to-day a communication from Brigadier General James H. Carleton, commanding the Department of New Mexico, dated Santa Fe, N. Mex., March 7, 1864. In this letter General Carleton desired you to transfer to the Department of New Mexico a certain amount of public transportation and subsistence stores; he also stated that I would explain to you the reasons which compelled him to make this request. Shortly before I left Santa Fe for California, General Carleton received orders from the Headquarters of the Army to concentrate at some convenient point within his department, all of the cavalry at this command, with a view of organizing a column to operate against the rebels in Texas. This column was to move as soon as practicable down the valley of the Rio Grande as far as Eagle Pass, at which point it was to be joined by a force to be sent up from the coast by Major-General Banks. The Commander-in-Chief did not make known the ultimate destination of this force, but directed that his orders referred to above be carried into effect with a little delay as possible. General Carleton at present has at his disposal but a limited amount of public transportation, and it is next to impossible to purchase mules or wagons in New Mexico at this time; he desired me to say that if you could furnish the transportation and supplies asked for he would be able to act efficiently, otherwise it would be extremely difficult for him to carry out in a satisfactory manner the orders received from the War Department.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Port Hudson, La., April 12, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that an examination was made yesterday of the telegraph line on the west bank of the river with a view to repair it, and that 8 miles of the line has been destroyed by

