
the Indian Territories for directing operations in the District of the Frontier. As everything is working well here at present, as far as local matters are concerned, I see no reason for abandoning the post of Fort Smith as long as we can retain it. I hope that your views upon the subject may coincide with mine. I shall do nothing further in the matter until I hear from you in answer to this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, Kans., April 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS MOONLIGHT,11th Regiment Kans. Cav., Commanding 2nd Brigadier, Mound City, Kans.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding the district to communicate to you the following instructions:

The district to be occupied by the troops of your brigade, and to be more particularly under your immediate supervision, consists of the eastern tier of counties north of Bourbon in the district, together with Douglas County and the country adjacent to these counties on the west, and such other territory as may be hereafter specially placed under your charge. You will station your troops at such points and move them in such manner as you may deem best for the security of the border placed under your charge, promptly informing these headquarters by brief reports of all important movements or changes in stations.

You will establish an efficient system of patrols to watch the country along the line, and it is recommended that courier-lines be also established to insure speedy communication with the stations and detachments in case of emergency. Measures should be immediately taken to keep the troops at all times fully armed and equipped, and regularly supplied, and the detachments should always be held ready to move on notice. It is possible that, in consequence of the troops having been heretofore broken up into small detachments, many of your companies are wanting in discipline, and will require much labor and great vigilance to become efficient. Some complaints have been made by citizens that depredations upon their property have in times past been committed by soldiers.

The general relies upon your great experience in the military service and your acknowledged efficiency as an officer to correct these evils should they occur, and to preserve good order among the troops under your command. It is understood also that complaints have frequently been made by commanding officers in Missouri near the line against troops sent over from this side. To remove as far as practicable all cause for such complaints and to prevent collisions, detachment commanders in your brigade have been instructed not to cross the line into Missouri except in the following cases: First, by orders from district headquarters; second, when requested by a post or detachment commander in Missouri; third, when in close pursuit of the enemy.

In order to give the widest range for the details for general courts-martial and military commissions, these courts will in this district be appointed only by order of the district commander or superior authority. It is contemplated to have a general court-martial (and

