
them $240. I had the provost-marshal search his boat; they found 10 bales, and the next morning found 1 more secreted. He told ne that he had given a receipt to 2 negroes in your name, as he said that you had authorized him to do so and that the negroes owned the cotton. To-day Mr. Calhoun came in himself and proved that Thomas had stolen the cotton, paying the sum above mentioned to the negroes, and besides had stolen a number of sheep, turkeys, &amp;c. He is a hard case; his clerk is worthless; pays no attention to his business whatever.

Very respectfully,

D. N. WELCH,

Assistant Quartermaster.

GRAND ECORE, April 12, 1864.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Commanding Nineteenth and Detachment Thirteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed to inform you that our pickets on the Grand Ecore road are being pressed. The commanding general desires to at once make the necessary preparation to meet an attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. 13TH ARMY CORPS, No. 16. Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom having been wounded in battle, and thereby for duty, the undersigned assumes command of the detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps. The following-named officers are hereby announced on duty at headquarters, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly:

Surg. J. W. H. Vest, acting medical director.

Captain Oscar Mohr, acting assistant adjutant-general.

Captain Martin Klauss, chief of artillery.

Captain R. B. Hatch, chief quartermaster.

Captain Joseph T. Haskell, chief commissary of subsistence.

Captain James M. Buel, aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant Henry H. Hyatt, aide-de-camp.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH A. C., DEPT. OF THE GULF, No. 22. Pass Cavallo, Tex., April 12, 1864.

I. The following regiments and batteries are authorized to have inscribed on their colors the names of the several battles set opposite them, in accordance with paragraph 11, Appendix B, Revised Army Regulations, 1863:

Nineteenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry: Chickasaw Bluffs, Arkansas Post, Port Gibson, Vicksburg, Jackson.

