
almost imperatively so from the fact that Captain Cantine reported large amounts of stores, such as were ordered, had been shipped to Pine Bluff in anticipation of that place being made your base of supplies, and that there was not a sufficient amount of stores at Little Rock to load the teams as required. I gave Captain Manly orders to take from the transportation at this place all that he required, and directed him to decide what amount should remain behind. He reported at 12 o'clock yesterday that his entire train, consisting of 123 wagons, was on the road to Pine Bluff.

The steamer Chippewa is loaded with quartermaster's stores and ammunition, and left for Pine Bluff at-to-day and will reach that place some time to-morrow morning. The wagon train will arrive to-morrow night and will begin to load immediately. The wagons should all be loaded and on the road at 12 o'clock on the 14th. Lieutenant-Colonel Mackey, of the Thirty-third Iowa, is in command of the escort, consisting of something over 600 men belonging to the regiments of General Salomon's division (left behind, and that have arrived since the troops left), and about 250 dismounted cavalry belonging to regiment to regiments in General Carr's division. Colonel Clayton is ordered to furnish from 100 to 200 cavalry to accompany Colonel Mackey; also to turn over to the train every wagon he can possibly spare, and if necessary to press teams from the country in the vicinity of Pine Bluff. I have done and will do everything I possibly can to hurry the supplies forward.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DET. 7TH A. C., DEPT. OF ARK., No. 5. Little Rock, Ark., April 12, 1864.

The exigencies of the service demand that from and after this date, until further orders, no license to sell intoxicating liquors as a beverage will be granted within this command to any person. All licenses heretofore granted for this purpose will cease from this date. All gamblers and loafers, and all transient white persons, not Union refugees, who have no ostensible business or means of support will leave the country occupied by this command at once, and any such person found at any post in this command, or in the country adjacent, three days after the reception of this order at such posts will be arrested and made to perform such fatigue duty as will enable them to earn their living without loss to the Government. A cheerful acquiescence is expected of all citizens not of the classes above referred to with these and such other orders pertaining to this matter as may be issued by district and post commanders, and a contrary expression on their part will be taken as evidence that they are of the classes ordered to vacate the country, or are disloyal citizens, and they will be treated as such . Persons detected in selling intoxicating liquors in violation of this order will have their stock confiscated and suffer such other punishment as may be deemed expedient. Commanding officers of district and posts will use all proper means at their command in the prompt and thorough execution of this order.

By order of Brigadier General Nathan Kimbal:

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

