HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY OUTPOST,Cedar Bayou, Tex., April 13, 1864.

Captain SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in my exploration of Cedar Bayou this a.m., I found a new and different crossing from any we had yet discovered. It is at the point where the bayou leaves Espiritu Santo Bay and runs in the direction of the Gulf. I took Collins, who seems to have kept the matter a secret, and required him to pilot me across to Saint Joseph's Island and back. The water in the deepest place was not more than 2 1/2 feet.

The bottom was good, and I found out from Collins he had frequently crossed loaded teams there. I think light artillery with some difficulty could be crossed there. I placed a picket at the point, and hereafter, unless otherwise ordered, will keep my reserve guard a short distance above Collins' house and have a vedette at each end of the bayou. In that way the reserve will be in supporting distance of either crossing. I will take 60 men and cross onto Saint Joseph's Island to-morrow at 6 a.m., if the weather will permit, and will extend my reconnaissance as far as the south end of the island if possible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MATTHEWS,

Major, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 94. Memphis, Tenn., April 13, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General B. H. Grierson, commanding Cavalry Division, will send 200 men of Sixth Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers, with arms, accouterments, and horse equipments complete, without horses, to Helena, Ark., there to report for duty temporarily to Brigadier General N. B. Buford, commanding District of Eastern Arkansas. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation.

By order Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C.,

Little Rock, April 13, 1864.

Brigadier General N. KIMBALL,

Commanding Detachment Seventh Army Corps:

GENERAL: The steamer Adams, loaded with Government stores for Pine Bluff to be sent to Camden by train, ran into the steamer Chippewa about 20 miles below Little Rock last night and was sunk, supposed to have been occasioned by the carelessness of the pilot. A portion of the ammunition and quartermaster's stores were saved, and duplicate invoices of what is lost will be sent as soon as possible on the steamer Chippewa.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

