
if necessary a military commission also) constantly organized, ready to be convened at any place in the district as occasion may require. The members thus having opportunity by practice to become learned in their duties, the court will be move likely to promote the ends of justice than if composed of new and inexperienced members. These brief instructions are given rather as modifications of your general duties under regulations and existing orders than as a complete guide for your action, and you will so regard them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GRAY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, Kans., April 1, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,14th Regiment Kans., Vol. Cav., Commanding 1st Brigadier, Fort Scott, Kans.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding the district to communicate the following as modifications of the instructions under which you have been acting as commander of sub-district: The organization of your command has been changed from the sub-district to brigade organization, as announced in General Orders, Numbers 5, from these headquarters. Your brigade will still be considered as occupying the same territory that was formerly under your charge. That portion of your instructions from the major-general commanding the Department of Kansas, dated Fort Scott, February 3, 1864, defining the southern line of your command, was, of course, modified by General Orders, Numbers 10, from department headquarters, current series, establishing the boundaries of districts; but all that portion of the said instructions relating to the employment of scouts south of your present limits is to be considered still in force.

That portion of your instructions from headquarters District of the Frontier, dated Fort Scott, October 3, 1863, which authorized you (as commander of sub-district) to grant leaves of absence and furloughs in certain cases, is rescinded, as the exercise of such power by a brigade commander would be clearly in conflict with the orders of the War Department upon the subject. You will therefore continue to forward all such papers, with the proper endorsements, to these headquarters as you have heretofore done since the general assumed command of the district. In order to give the widest range for the details for general courts-martial and military commissions, these courts will hereafter be appointed only upon the order of the district commander, or by superior authority. It is contemplated that a general court-martial (and if necessary a military commission also) shall be kept permanently organized, ready to be convened at any place in the district as occasion may require. The members thus having opportunity by practice to become learned in their duties, the court will be more reliable than one composed of new and inexperienced members.

You will take measures to keep your troops completely armed and equipped and regularly supplied. Hold the detachments always in order to move promptly. Continue an efficient system of patrols to watch the country, and establish lines of couriers to communicate speedily with your stations and detachments in case of emergency. Your attention is directed to the subject of depredations by soldiers

