HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Denver, Colo. Ter. April 13, 1864.

Lieutenant G. W. HAWKINS:

1st Cav. of Colo., Commanding Officer, Camp Collins, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: I am instructed by the colonel commanding to direct that you send out a strong detachment to intercept a band of Cheyenne Indians who had a fight with a detachment of Companies C and H, under Lieutenant Dunn, on 12th instant, near Fremont's Orchared. They had stolen stock, and refused to give it up. In the fight referred to several Indians were killed, and 4 men of Company C wounded. Be sure you have the right ones, and then kill them. If you carbines have not arrived send out and meet them. Arm your men with carbines and pistols; leave sabers in camp. You had better move in the direction of Laramie. Will telegraph to Colonel Collins at Laramie. Dunn and Chase are after them. We send you more carbine cartridges by to-morrow's coach.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. H. STILWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MILWAUKER, WIS., April 13, 1864. (Received 4.45 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Following dispatch just received. It is vitally important that these horses be immediately furnished, otherwise the whole of the military operations in the Indian country will be brought to a stop:

DAVENPORT, April 13, 1864.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest:

Of the 500 horses required by me not 230 are yet procured. I fear the horses will not be procured; the time for the contract has passed. Can I get authority to purchase at $140, or below that?

SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., April 13, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Poul, Minn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of 9th instant to the major-general commanding is received, and I am directed by him to advise you that the Sixth Minnesota Regiment will remain under your orders until its place can be supplied by the Eighth Regiment on its return from expedition.

A telegraphic dispatch to that effect is sent you to-day, and I inclose a copy of it.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

