
that old gentleman the more I like him. He is a regular trump, and has no give-up in him. I have been up as far as Loggy Bayou, and there was brought to a dead stand by a large steamer sunk in the channel, resting on each bank. It was providential, or I might have gone farther, and would have been cut off to a certainty. I am not sure that Banks will not sacrifice my vessels now to expediency; that is, his necessities. I only wish, dear general, that you had taken charge of this Red River business. I am sure it would have had a different termination. I am very tired and must close for the present.

Wish best wishes, &amp;c., I remain,

DAVID D. PORTON,

Rear-Admiral.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 59. Saint Louis, Mo., April 14, 1864.

Major General Alfred Pleason, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters for duty, in compliance with instructions from the War Department, he is hereby assigned to duty as second in command of the department, the assignment to date from the 2nd instant. Major-General Pleasonton will establish his headquarters in the city of Saint Louis.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, April 14, 1864.

General EWING,

Commanding:

I have information that I think reliable that Kitchen and Clark are now concentrating quite a force at Gainesville. All the citizens are ordered to remove at once. I am satisfied we may expect a raid soon on our outposts. I have scouts out and will endeavor to keep you advised. I think they mean mischief either at Patterson or Bloomfield.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, April 14, 1864.

Colonel ROGERS,Commanding, Cape Girardeau:

If you are satisfied there is such a force gathering there, march as soon as practicable and rout it. Do not move until you are satisfied, for more than half the reports of this character are ill founded. The commission will be postponed if you should be necessarily absent.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

