
Harrisonville, Mo., which gives further information in regard to the scarcity of forage in that region, and the present utter impossibility of maintaining cavalry in an efficient condition under such adverse circumstances. I have ordered more transportation to that station to assist in hauling forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District.

[Inclosure.]

PLEASANT GAP, MO., April 9, 1864.

Major J. L. PRITCHARD:

SIR: I am now located in the southeast corner of Bates County. There is no forage in this county. Yesterday the horses of my command had nothing to eat. Am obliged to haul forage 12 miles, from Saint Clair Country, and have but one team to do it with, the other teams having gone to Kansas City for subsistence. Unless I can have more transportation I will be obliged to leave this station or my animals starve.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. O. RIZER,

Second Lieutenant Colonel I, Second Colo. Cav., Commanding Company.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., April 14, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have just returned from a visit to Platte and Clay Cunties. I have every reason to believe that there will be less complaint from that section hereafter. Orders to stop sale of arms and ammunition, as directed in your telegram of 13th instant, have already been promulgated and ordered published. I have visited Andrew County, and set in council with the principal Paw Paw chief. We shall not have further trouble with them. I hope very soon to smoke pipe of peace and exchange presents with the entire tribe. They will stack arms and return to the plow-handle and spades. Everything works well. When will you visit the northwest?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., April 14, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRAPER,Macon City, Mo.:

Send a discreet officer with 20 men to Keytesville, Chariton County, to remain there during the session of court, which commences on Monday next. Let them arrive at Keytesville before Monday as if on a scout. I don't want the people to understand that the troops are sent expressly for this purpose. Instruct the officer in command to obtain all information possible touching the condition of affairs in the county. In the mean time he might clean out any gangs of villains that may be in the neighborhood.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

