
LACLEDE, MO., April 14, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

SIR: I send you a statement of William D. Vice, a good, reliable Union man, who, I think, knows whereof he affirms. We have within the last week captured 4 men and sent them to Macon. Supposed to be concerned with the gang that Vice speak of. We found stolen horses and other property with them. The citizens of this county and Chariton ask that something be done to relieve them from such characters. I sent to Macon on yesterday for 25 men and have not received an answer yet. From the best evidence I can obtain the rebels are organizing through this county to prevent the draft.

Your most obedient servant,

W. J. PORTER,

Assistant Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure.]

Statement of William D. Vice: I reside in Chariton County, Mo., on Porche's Prairie. On last Sunday morning, the 10th of April, 1864, I was in Grand River bottom and was captured by 5 men, and held as prisoner until after sundown and then released, after taking my saddle, bridle, and revolver, and a shotgun from a man that was with me. And then on the next morning I was taken again by 3 men and robbed of $24 and pocket-book. I saw at different times about 35 men of the bushwhackers. They made threats that if they could get Sergeant Westly, of the Ninth Missouri State Militia, that they would kill him; they had watched the road often for him, and that they would have possession of the State before next fall and stop the draft.

WILLIAM D. VICE,

A Discharged Soldier from the Eighteenth Regiment.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 14th day of April, 1864, at Laclede, Mo.

W. J. PORTER,

Assistant Provost-Marshal.

OFFICE OF DEPUTY PROVOST-MARSHAL, Paris, Monroe County, Mo., April 14, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: There has been for about two months a detachment of 10 men of the Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry at our town, sent there as a guard to the assistant provost-marshal appointed for the enlistment of negroes in our county. The appointment of the assistant provost-marshal of this county has been vacated by special order from office of provost-marshal-general. Since his removal some 6 or 7 recruits have come in, and were escorted to the office of district provost-marshal by the sergeant commanding detachment, and I have no doubt that other recruits will be coming in from time to time, provided there is any one here to receive them. I am here on duty as deputy provost-marshal under the conscription act of Congress, and have been since August, 1863, and have frequently need for a guard in the execution of orders for the arrest of deserters, &amp;c.

