
sion of Shreveport and the country he now occupies, which was not anticipated by many of our officers. The lines upon which we operate are so far separated from each other that it is impossible for either of us to sustain effectively the forces of the other. If you can join us on this line I am confident we can move to Shreveport without material delay, and that we shall have an opportunity of destroying the only organized rebel army west of the Mississippi.

* * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 15, 1864.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The line is still down above Clarksville. Reports from there by telegraph to-day say that my repairer was killed and one of my teams captured 25 miles above Clarksville. There are 50 cavalry and 180 infantry at Clarksville, but Colonel Waugh says the force in inadequate to keep the line up, and asks for more cavalry. I think the above number of the right sort of men could keep the line up and the country clear of guerrillas. The line this side is not interfered with, and a little energy at Clarksville would place matters right. The generals, quartermasters, commissaries, &amp;c., of this army depend on the telegraph asa means of communication with their base supplies, and I hope General Kimball will re-enforce Clarksville, or take some other steps to have the telegraph kept as he has so frequently done before.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. CLOWRY,

Captain and Asst. Q. M., Supt. Military Telegraph.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, DEPT. OF ARKANSAS, Fort Smith, April 15, 1864.

Mr. MILOR:

Feeling satisfied that you are always pleased to hear from home, I seize the present moment to drop you a few lines. Several skirmishes have taken place since you left, the country being full of guerrillas. Fitzwilliams, with his band of accomplished cut-throats, has been in close proximity with this place for a number of days past. He attacked our train several times between here and Rosewille, but could not effect anything. The organization of the militia will render available service and co-operate very advantageously with the present military forces in this district at present. I inclose you copy of General Orders, Numbers 4. We are pleased to learn that our worthy Governor indorsed its organization. Do what you can for me, judge. I will forward some credentials from commissioned officers in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. REID.

