
of Beaver Creek. They say that no war party has left the village that they came from. There are also ten lodges of Sioux camped at the month of Beaver Creek, and thirty lodges at Valley Station, all Sioux.

The above is the report of the Indians that are camped here.

Respectfully,

E. GERRY.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., April 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General SIBLEY,

Saint Poul, Minn.:

Please assign horses as they arrive from La Crosse, first to the troops you are to send to Sully. There may be short delay in the arrival of the last of the lost of horses for your district, but Sully's force must be mounted first and sent to him as soon as the season will permit. Acknowledge receipt of this telegram.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., April 15, 1864.

Major E. A. C. HATCH,Independent Battalion, Fort Abecrombie:

MAJOR: Orders have been issued to the commanding officer at Fort Abercrombie to turn over the command of that post to you immediately upon your arrival with your battalion from Pembina, and then to take up the line of march to Sauk Center with the least possible delay. You will retain three companies of your battalion at Fort Abercrombie, one of which will be detached by you to perform patrol duty along and down the Red River, as soon as the season will permit, to protect the route to Pembina and keep open communication.

You will dispatch one full company, to be equally divided, to relieve the companies of the Eighth Minnesota Volunteers at Pomme de Terre and Alexandria, and garrison those posts until further orders. There is a detachment of upward of 80 recruits for your battalion now at Fort Snelling, who are detained until they can be dispatched with the horses for your command now en route from Detroit. As soon as practicable after your arrival at Fort Abercrombie you will dispatch the two chiefs you have in custody to Fort Abercrombie you will dispatch the two chiefs you have in custody to Fort Snelling, under a strong guard.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., April 15, 1864.

Captain JOHN FEILNER,

First U. S. Cavalry, Engineer:

CAPTAIN: In addition to your duties as topographical engineer of the expedition of General Sully into the Indian country, you will

