
please make to these headquarters upon your return as full a report as possible upon the geology, botany, natural history, and physical character generally of the region over which the operations of the expedition will extend. As full meteorological observations should be made as opportunity and the means at your disposal render practicable. I need not remind you of the important results to science which will ensue from ever a partial success in these observations.

General Sully has been furnished with a copy of this letter, and will give you all the assistance at his command in carrying out these instructions as far as circumstances will permit. I have myself made very complete collections, both of natural history and botanical and mineralogical specimens, by instructing 2 or 3 enlisted men how to make them, and keeping them constantly employed. I need not suggest to you that it is best to bring in specimens of everything, however common, as it is of as much, if indeed not of more interest to science to determine the geographical distributions of known species than to discover what is new.

The ordinary extra pay will be given to enlisted men employed by you in this service.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 16, 1864-11 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper:

General Hunter ordered as directed. Dispatch from General Banks, dated 2nd instant, at Alexandria, says Admiral Porter went up Red River that day, the gun-boats having been detained at the rapids by low water. Hopes to reach Shreveport by the 10th. Sigel says General Averell with 2,000 cavalry is moving from Martinsburg to Webster and Clarksburg. Two regiments of Gillmore's command have reached Fort Monroe, viz, Furth New Hampshire and Eighth Maine. General Butler has asked for two more batteries, which will be ordered to him to-day. I will send you copy of General Banks' letter.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FLAG-SHIP CRICKET, OFF ALEXANDRIA, LA., April 16, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Mil. Div. of the Miss., Nashville, Tenn.:

DEAR GENERAL: I wrote you a hurried note the other day by General Corse, and I imagine your disappointment at having your well-laid plans interfered with and having part of your command mixed up in an affair the management of which would be discreditable to a boy nine years of age. You need not blush, however, for anything that was done by your troops. General A. J. Smith was not in the fight on the first day, but on the second day, when Franklin's corps, which behaved nobly, began to waver before the wild and desperate shocks of the rebels, who came on shouting like madmen, he, with 8,000 men, charged through Franklin's ranks and met the incoming devils with a "Hi! hi!" that brought them to a full stop. Smith's men then poured in their volleys, which cut up the rebels

