
MILWAUKEE, April 1, 1864. (Received 2.30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Sixth Minnesota cannot be immediately spared. Will send to join its corps on Potomac as soon as possible. Reasons fully explained in my letter to you of 30th, to which I ask particular attention.*

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., April 1, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,Milwaukee:

GENERAL: As the only practical mode of supplying the deficiency in the military force in this district, which will be occasioned by the removal of the Sixth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers to the Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to request that you will make an immediate application to the proper authorities in Washington for the assignment of the First Regiment Minnesota Volunteers to duty in this district. I have already represented that until the Sixth Regiment is replaced by an organization of equal strength, it will be impossible for me to carry out your instructions. Governor Miller and the officers of the First Minnesota are equally confident that this regiment will be filled by recruits so soon as it has been announced authoritatively that it will be placed on duty in this district. In order to make the regiment available for early operations on the frontier, no time should be lost in making the application.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, April 2, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The letter of the adjutant-general of New Hampshire, dated March 11, 1864, with endorsements, in relation to the conversion into cavalry of the Eighth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers, is received. When preparations for active operations commenced last fall this department was almost destitute of cavalry, and in this level country a large force of mounted troops was essential to success. I applied for additional cavalry and was informed that none could be sent to the department. My only recourse was to form troops of that arm. I immediately commenced by mounting infantry to act against the enemy's infantry and mounted infantry, and encouraging enlistments in the regiments of Louisiana cavalry.

The Eighth New Hampshire Infantry was one of the regiments mounted. When the troops of the Nineteenth Army Corps were called upon to re-enlist as veterans this regiment, already mounted, offered to re-enlist largely if it could be converted into cavalry, and

---------------

*See Part II, p. 792.

---------------

2 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

