
arrived at Campti I found them so mixed up and aground that I pushed on, and in three hours had General A. J. Smith under way with five regiments of infantry and a field battery. He arrived just in time to outflank the rebels with their heavy field battery, which they kept exclusively for the transports, hiding it when the gunboats came along. It was a most exciting and interesting week; much danger of being cut off uncles aided by General Banks, which aid was not sent until I asked for it in person.

Some one got in in a guartermaster's boat who reported everything safe, and General Smith on that account did not go himself, though ready to start at a moment's notice. Finally all came in safely, not losing a rope yarn. You men behaved splendidly and coolly, and General Kibly Smith like a brave and gallant officer. I shall always feel proud to be associated with him, and we will both timely remember for many a day the perilous scenes we have gone through together. I found General A. J. Smith much depressed at some things that had occurred, but anxious to go out and whip the rebels, which we are able to do without any trouble. Instead of that I think General Banks is watching for an opportunity to retreat. If General Smith should leave him there would be a general stampede and much loss of material, and General A. J. Smith would be made the scapegoat.

Finding the water falling I sent down my largest gun-boats, and regret to say that the Eastport ran on a torpedo and sank. The damage was slight, and the shock only noticed by a few persons on board, and it was not for some time after they found water in her hold. She was five hours sinking, but we have no pumps that could save her. The captain forgot to put canvas under her bottom, which would have saved her. Unless we have more water I shall be kept above the falls, but with a land force at Alexandria I can hold my own until next year. We must hold the country, general, and not have to go over all this again.

Had Banks been victorious, as any ordinary general would have been, we would have had no trouble at all, but he has led all hands into an ugly scrape. I did all I could to avoid going up this river with him, but he would have thrown all the blame of failure on me had I failed to go. I have risked a great deal and only hope for a rise of water to get over the falls.

There are all kinds of surmises on the subject. We have had no rise this your at all. Do you think it will come? You know the nature of these rivers, having resided here so long. I have written you a long letter and said to you confidentially what I would not say to any one else, knowing that it will go no farther. I am just down from Grand Ecore; have come to provide pumps to save the Eastport, which I will do if Banks don't retreat; if he does I will blow her up; am getting her guns off at once. Now, what is to become of Steele? Banks has sent him a messenger. Will he (think you) be sacrificed, or can he take care of himself? Why not re-enforce him well and let him finish the job so badly begun? If this mater is left in this state it will be lasting disgrace to us. The rebels had 22,000 men, about 19, 0000 effective. Losing General Green has paralyzed them; he was worth 5,000 men to them.

Wishing you success in all your undertakings, and asking your forbearance for writing you so long a letter, I remain, truly and sincerely, yours,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

