HDQRS. DETACHMENT 16TH AND 17TH ARMY CORPS, Grand Ecore, La., April 16, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: The last of my transports having arrived form above, I take this the earliest opportunity of notifying the commanding general of the Department of the Gulf that I have received orders from Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, to return with my command immediately to Vicksburg, Miss.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Grand Ecore, La., April 16, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,Commanding, &amp;c., Grand Ecore:

GENERAL: L Your dispatch of this date informing me of the return of the last of your transports from the upper river, and of your orders from Major General W. T. Sherman to return immediately with your command to Vicksburg, is received. The low stage of the water in Red River, and the difficulties encountered in our campaign consequent thereon makes it impossible for me to dispense with your services as soon as I anticipated. Did it not involve more than the abandonment of the expedition I might consider

General Sherman's orders as imperative, but it is impassible for the navy to remove below at this time, and the withdrawal of your command at this movement will place my forces at the mercy of the enemy, who is in larger force than General Sherman could have anticipated. The safety, therefore, of the navy and the army camped me reluctantly to withhold my consent to your departure, and for this reason I must request you to remain, notwithstanding your orders, and will assume myself the responsibility for this course. I have written to General Sharman a full statement of the situation, and cannot but believe he will concur with Admiral Porter and myself, as well as the other officers of my command, in this decision.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 21. Grand Ecore, La., April 16, 1864.

1. In pursuance of extract 1 of Special Orders, Numbers 130, from headquarters of the Army, Adjutant-General' Office, dated March department, and will in accordance therewith repair via New Orleans Army.

2. Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding detachment Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, will at once disembark the troops from all transports in his charge, the transports so discharged to be

