
The instructions given to the captain of the Exact are somewhat conflicting, as the one received from Lieutenant Paddock, acting assistant quartermaster of transportation, seems to anticipate an order to me for putting on board troops for Brazos. I have no such orders. The instructions from Colonel Pierce are that the boat return at once from here. Under the circumstances I have ordered the boat to return. I forward 2 prisoners (rebel soldiers), both captured on the 12th instant on the mainland, not far from Corpus Christi. Colonel Ford has a rebel camp 30 miles from Corpus, and has about 650 men. What his intended movements are I cannot state, but I am watching him closely as I can.

Respectfully,

WM. G. THOMPSON,

Major, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

POST ARANSAS, TEX., April 16, 1864.

To all whom it may concern:

This is to certify that Captain Crowell, of the steamer Exact, has landed at this post the troops as per Orders, Numbers 76, from Major-General McClernand, and his instructions from Lieutenant Paddock, acting assistant quartermaster of transportation, being such that, unaccompanied with other orders, I could not understand, and the instructions from Lieutenant-Colonel Pierce being that the boat return at once, I have ordered the captain to return to Pass Cavallo.

Respectfully,

WM. G. THOMPSON,

Major, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

Let Major Thompson be ordered to send the two companies of engineers at Aransas to Colonel Hodge by the first opportunity. It was intended that they should have been so sent upon the arrival of the company of colored Rhole Island artillery, from Pass Cavallo, at Arkansas.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

CULPEPER, VA., April 16, 1864. (Received 1.30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Please ask the President to authorize the transfer of Fort Smith and the Indian Territory to the Department of Arkansas. There is every reason why this Territory and the State of Arkansas should be under one man, and that man in the field. In case this change is made I wish General Blunt ordered back to report to General Curtis.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 16, 1864.

Let it be done.

A. LINCOLN.

