SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 14. Little Rock, Ark., April 16, 1864.

* * * *

VII. Colonel William H. Graves, Twelfth Regiment Michigan Veteran Infantry, is relieved from duty as commandant of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, and will take command of his regiment.

VIII. Colonel James M. Ture, Sixty-second Regiment Illinois Infantry, having reported for duty, is assigned to the command of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, and will relieve Colonel William H. Graves, commanding, without unnecessary delay.

By order of Brigadier General N. Kimball:

E. D. MASON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Little Rock, Ark., April 16, 1864.

Colonel C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding Post:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you detail 75 men, with proper officers, all mounted, with three or four days' rations, to go on an expedition to start to-night or early to-morrow morning, to report at these headquarters as soon as ready. The officer detailed to command will report in person as soon as practicable for particular instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel WAUGH,

Commanding, Clarksville, Ark.:

COLONEL: Captain Clowry, superintendent of telegraph, informs me that the line is down above your post. Why can you not keep it up? You have 50 mounted men and 180 foot. Fifty men should be able to protect the line above you. This line is our chief dependence and must be kept in order. I have ordered Colonel Fuller to send a force to you for the purpose of repairing the line. You will give his force every aid, and you must keep the line in repair. Hang or shoot every scoundrel whom you can find who has interfered or may interfere with the line. The rebels in your vicinity are not numerous; you ought to be able with your force to drive them away.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CLARKSVILLE, ARK., April 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL:

I have received private information that there are at least 300 rebels on the lines west of this 25 miles. At dark last evening I sent a scout of 25 men, under Lieutenant Roseman, to examine their posi-

