
the order was issued subject to the approval of the War Department, with excellent effect. I trust those who have thus re-enlisted and who have attained the cavalry drill to a most commendable degree may not be disappointed, but that the order will be confirmed and the regiment styled the Second New Hampshire Cavalry. A disapproval would, I fear, produce a very bad effect upon this excellent regiment. I would further remark that in this department the cavalry force should be in unusually large proportion to the infantry, since it is a country peculiarly favorable to the use of that arm, and the enemy in this region, recognizing the fact, have maintained fully one-half their force mounted.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, April 2, 1864.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Gulf:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding desires that you make arrangements without delay for constant communication by regular dispatch-boats between New Orleans and this place. He desires that one boat carrying dispatches should leave each point once each day, and if necessary to carry out this order you will seize any or all the boats plying on the Mississippi River below Red River for the public service during the continuance of large military operations on the upper Red River.

Very respectfully, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Alexandria, La., April 2, 1864.

Captain WELCH:

SIR: Please send the inclosed to Colonel Holabird.

The people of the country are alarmed lest their cotton may be destroyed by rebels. It may be well to allow them to bring it in on their own terms, turning it over to your department when here for shipment to New Orleans in accordance with your general instructions. Please communicate this to General Grover. The railroad should be put in condition for work.

Very truly, yours,N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, April 2, 1864.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,

Chief Quartermaster:

COLONEL: Under the general prize law, Admiral Porter has seized the cotton of this country from 6 to 10 miles from the river. This has caused a general burning above of property which had been

