
tion. The Union families have all been driven in from the country, so that rebels and their sympathizers have complete possession. I have nailed 23 within the last two weeks, and lost 2 taken prisoners and 2 badly wounded. There are about 400 rebels in this section, well mounted but indifferently armed.

G. M. WAUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 16, 1864.

Colonel WAUGH,

Clarksville, Ark.:

COLONEL: I telegraphed you this morning. I want those guerrillas captured, killed, or dispersed, and the telegraph line kept in order. Where do 300 or 400 guerrillas come from? If they are indifferently armed, take them. You have done well in capturing 24. You will do better by killing or capturing the rest. I have ordered Colonel Fuller to send you some force from Dardanelle; 100 resolute, energetic officers and men on the side of right ought to kill and capture all the scoundrels around you. I hope you will do it. I have no force here to re-enforce you. Seize and impress horses belonging to rebels and their sympathizers, and drive every disloyal man out of the country. Hang or shoot every devil who robs and murders citizens or destroyers the telegraph. Take good care of the loyal and the women and children. Don't burn any houses nor destroy other property. Destroy the scoundrels, and the property will hurt no one.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CLARKSVILLE, ARK., April 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL:

Three hundred of these guerrillas are men collected from the south of the river, from Franklin, Carroll, and Newton Counties; 100 are in small bands scattered over this country and Pope. Every available horse, mule, and ox has been pressed, by order of Colonel Judson, to haul cotton from Roseville. I am doing all I can with the force I have. I sent out Lieutenant Roseman last night. He was to have sent me a dispatch before this time, but have not heard from him, and fear that he is captured or driven the other way.

G. M. WAUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

[LITTLE ROCK, ARK.,] April 16, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Commanding, Lewisburg, Ark.:

COLONEL: You will direct Colonel Fuller, at Dardanelle, to send a good officer and 50 men to Clarksville to see why the telegraph line above that point cannot be kept in repair. You will instruct him to see to it that it is placed in good condition, and then the detail will return to Dardanelle. They will shoot or hang every guerrilla who has or may interfere with the line.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

