HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., April 16, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,A. A. G., 7th A. C. and Dept. of Ark., Little Rock, Ark.:

MAJOR: I have the honor respectfully to call you attenuation to the fact that the shipments of supplies and forage to this point have been dangerously dilatory in reaching here. I know not the causes, but feel the effect very seriously. Numerous letter from my chief commissary and chief quartermaster have been forwarded to the proper staff officers of the department, but they have been slow in responding. When the last boats came here I had been out of forage six days, and kept my stock alive by browsing them. The rations of my command were exhausted, with exception of meat, on the 10th instant, and although two boats are now here, there is not an ounce of coffee on board.

That this should occurred when it is know that abundance of commissary stores and forage can be obtained at Devall's Bluff, most certainly does not redound to the credit of the officers in charge of those stores at the depot, and I have respectfully to request that their attention be invited to the matter, and the absolute wants of finding, and can starve as obediently as any one, if it is necessary, but simply beg to lay the facts before the general commanding for his action.

I expect to be engaged with the enemy east of White River next week, and having all the cravings of a soldier, would like to have a little coffee along; but we will have to forego that luxury until the authorities in charge consider at time to forward some to us. I will attack McRae and I have no doubt thrash him handsomely. The boats will not be molested on White River above Devall's Bluff much longer.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., April 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN W. STEPHENS,Commanding Post at Batesville, Ark.:

COLONEL: You have been appointed commander of the post of Batesville, with a command consisting of Fourth Arkansas Mounted Infantry and one squadron Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, amounting in all to 450 men. You will exercise the most rigid and vigilant discipline. Permit no acts of disobedience or plundering to pass unpunished. Camped your command to respect the persons and property of citizens, and see to it that a vigilant system of picketing is constantly kept up. You cannot drill your men too much. Maintain obedience to all orders of this division, department, and district in the most sacred manner, and you will be successful in your duties.

In your treatment of citizens always make a clear distinction between the unequivocally loyal and the disloyal; refer all claims of disloyal parties to be settled by a claims commissioner, to be

