
appointed by Congress after civil government is established in this State. Afford protection and foster the loyal men and families of your jurisdiction, permitting rations to be issued in accordance with the orders of the War Department to those only who are really destitute and deserving. Learn to say no to those appeals to your heart which would lead you to transcend or violate prudence and published orders. Bear in mind, as paramount to all other considerations, the good of the service. Damage the enemy whenever opportunity occurs, but incur no unnecessary risks.

You will appoint a discreet officer as provost-marshal, whom you can empower to levy fines, taxes on merchants, &amp;c., from which fund you can pay the expenses of his office. Compel all captured property to be turned over to the local provost-marshal, and he to account satisfactorily to the district provost-marshal on the 10th, 20th, and last days of each month. Permit no liquor to be sold to your troops, and by example and otherwise discountenance and prevent the abuse of intoxicating drinks both among citizens and the army. Send frequent communications to district headquarters, and keep me thoroughly advised of all that transpires, or which may be of the least interest.

As fast as the men now in post hospital recover, send them to their respective commands, when escorts or boats are going the proper direction. If it becomes necessary to make a contract with of the sick of your command, and exercise all those powers which you long experience as a soldier entitle you to possess for the great final triumph of a free government over the base rebellion we are now battling against.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS MISSISSIPPI MARINE BRIGADE, Flag-ship Autocrat, Ford's Landing, Ark., April 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. ELLET,Commanding Ram Fleet:

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions just received from General McArthur you are hereby directed to proceed without delay to Memphis and report to Major-General Hurlbut, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps and detached forces Seventeenth Army Corps on Mississippi River, for duty.

By order of Brigadier General A. W. Ellet:

W. D. CRANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 16, 1864-10.30 p.m. (Received 8.30 a. m., 127th.)

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I have ordered General Rosecrans to send to Cairo all the forces he can, specifying three regiments that must be sent. You can have them used against Forrest.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

