
apparent since the orders were issued than before. You will notice that my order goes somewhat beyond the letter of instructions and contains matter for which General Hurlbut is not primarily responsible, the responsibility being with me. Being on the spot, being well advised, and time being important, I acted. I am satisfied that I was right, and as well satisfied that the measure does far as Missouri is concerned, if you desire it.

The reading of my letter (F) will explain so fully that I need not again say how fatal to us has been the unwarrantable freedom accorded to the landing of goods in places convenient for their passing into the enemy's hands. As soon as I can get communications past Fort Pillow, I will advise General Hurlbut of your dispatch and of this, my explanation. The Missouri side of the river is under the shadow of this post and I frequently find it necessary to visit that side to break up illicit trade, to control crossings, and to do other things concerning the safety of navigation, &amp;c., but I respectfully disclaim any desire to do any act on that side which you would not at once request and authorize, were you near and personally cognizant of the facts. On the other hand, I shall take pleasure in responding to your wishes.

I will make another communication on a subject connected with your command below.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., March 28, 1864.

Brigadier General M. BRAYMAN,Commanding District of Cairo, Cairo, Ill.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding corps to inform you that under present circumstances it is imprudent to permit goods and supplies to points between Cairo and Memphis or to allow boats to land, excepting at Columbus, Island Numbers 10, and Fort Pillow, and to request you to give the necessary orders and inform the officers of the Treasury Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., April 5, 1864.

Brigadier General M. BRAYMAN,Commanding at Cairo:

GENERAL: If a military force is stationed at New Madrid, goods, &c., may be landed there.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

