
[Inclosure D.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO, Numbers 21. Cairo, Ill., April 7, 1864.

I. Paragraph 2 of General Orders, Numbers 5, issued from these headquarters, is amended in this: Landings may be made at New Madrid while occupied by a military force.

II. Boats must take on fuel at places designated for landing, or may do so at other points under military or naval protection.

III. Military supplies, also supplies permitted by post commanders for daily consumption for officers and persons connected with the Government service, may be made at the designated landing places.

By order of Brigadier General M. Brayman:

J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. COMPANY E, FIRST CAVALRY, M. S. M., Germantown, Mo., April 16, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN:

SIR: In obedience to orders of Captain J. H. Little, dated Warrensburg, April 13, 1864, I yesterday (April 15) caused the bushwhacker Clement to be shot to death. He made no confessions of importance, except that he understood from the men in whose company he was found that there were about 100 bushwhackers scattered through the country, mostly in the region of the Sni Hills, and that Gann and others of them were with Quantrill in the Lawrence massacre. He said there were 11 of them together, on Grand River, a day or two before he was captured, and that they staid most of the time above Deer Creek, 20 or 30 miles from this place. All quiet here at present.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,W. L. HARDESTY,

First Lieutenant Co. E, First Cav., M. S. M., Commanding Station.

HARRISONVILLE, MO., April 16, 1864.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Commanding Fourth Sub-District, Kansas City, Mo.:

SIR: I arrived here this morning from off Grand River to get some horses shod. I scouted on the Missouri River two days and found no sign of bushwhackers or boats. We looked at every foot of the river bank from the month of Little Blue to La Fayette line. We then went south on the west line of this district to Grand River, then up both sides of the Grand to Dayton, where we struck the trail of some Company L men, who were stationed at Dayton. We leave this day at noon for Grand River, taking a southwest course through Grand and its branches. Our horses are getting pretty thin, and will need some time to recruit when we get in. I hear of 2 men that were sent up to you. I hope you will keep them for us to escort to Warrensburg or somewhere else. I am happy to inform you that we have not come onto a bushwhacker trail since we started, nor

