HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., April 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRAPER,Commanding, Macon, Mo.:

Concentrate Companies H and I, Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, at the best point for them to care well for Chariton, Randolph, Howard, and Boone Counties. Tell Captain Glaze we shall hold him responsible for the good order of said counties, and for the extermination therefrom of guerrillas and thieves. Order in all the small detachments on duty as guards for recruiting officers for negroes, where the officer is doing nothing. We can't afford body guards for officers doing nothing.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LEAVENWORTH, April 16, 1864. (Received 10.30 a. m., 18th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Chivington reports Lieutenant Dunn, First Colorado, had a fight with party of Cheyenne Indians on Platte River, near Fremont' Orchard, on the 12th; killed a number of Indians; we had 4 men badly wounded. The Indians were stealing stock from Government contractors.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, April 16, 1864.

General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Dispatch came while I was absent. Kansas and Indian country stripped to strengthen Steele. Steele's move does not cover my department, and I fear repetition of raids and massacres. Kansas, you know, has suffered most, and, like Missouri and Kentucky, needs more than militia to save her. I wish I had force to move down through the prairie country west of Arkansas, where grass and cattle make it more convenient to campaign, and turn enemy's left flank and seize the valleys that lead though Texas. Such a route avoids mountains and timber. But success, general, to your central movement. I will do all in my power.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

BOONEVILLE, COLO. TER., April 16, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON:

SIR: A party of gentlemen and a Government expressman passed our place this (Sunday) morning, and reported troubles with the Sioux on the Platte, and said you had ordered the troops to concentrate at some point on the Platte. I trust, sir, that you will not

