
take from us the only protection to our women and children we have taking away Company L.

Should this be the case I am sure that you will have a remonstrance sent you as long as the moral law, headed by.

Your obedient servant, fraternally,

A. G. BONNE.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Sanborn, Colo. Ter., April 16, 1864.

Colonel JOHN M. CHIVINGTON,Commanding District of Colorado, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have received an express from Lieutenant Dunn, First Cavalry of Colorado, in charge of detachment First Cavalry of Colorado in pursuit of band of Indians. He had arrived with his command at Bijou Station at daylight yesterday morning. The Indians were then twelve hours ahead; the report was they were near 100 strong, but I think the report was exaggerated. Privat Baird, of Company C, died yesterday about 3 p. m. McBride and the other wounded man of same company are doing very well, and will soon be around again unless their wounds prove to be worse than they appear.

I am, colonel, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. SANBORN,

Captain, First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Camp Sanborn.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Denver, Colo. Ter., April 16, 1864.

Major JACOB DOWNING,First Cavalry of Colorado, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: The colonel commanding directs me to say that you will proceed without delay to Camp Sanborn, and take charge of and give directions in person to the movements against the Indians, and see to it that they are appropriately chastised for their outlawry. You will daily communicate with these headquarters. If more troops are needed report that fact, and all others promptly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STILWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Denver, Colo. Ter., April 16, 1864.

First Lieutenant G. L. SHOUP,

First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Escort to Commissary Train from Denver to Fort Union:

LIEUTENANT: The colonel commanding directs that you return with your command to Camp Fillmore without delay. You will forward by one of your men the accompanying dispatch to the commanding officer, Fort Union, N. Max., who is therein requested to send out a detachment to meet and escort the train to that post. The Indian troubles have reached a climax. On 12th instant

