
spared to this place. As a consequence, no attempt has been made to prevent its destruction, but orders have been given to the quartermaster's department here to take possession of all products, give full vouchers therefor, to transport it to New Orleans, and turn over the proceeds to the Treasury Department, taking receipts therefor, leaving it to be disposed of for the benefit of claimants or the Government, as justice may require. No party or person has any privileges or promises other than in this manner. We greatly need boats for the river. I have directed Captain Welch to allow the people of the country to bring in their cotton, turning it over to the quartermaster's department. They are alarmed lest it be destroyed by the rebels.

Very truly, yours,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, April 2, 1864.

Brigadier General C. GROVER.

GENERAL: It is understood that the steamer Woodford, now on ground on the rocks on the rapids, is without guard. The general commanding desires that a guard be placed upon her sufficient to prevent any small party of rebels getting on her and burning her. It is desirable that she should be raised.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, La., April 2, 1864.

Brigadier General C. GROVER,

Commanding Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you take immediate measures to place the town of Alexandria in a state of defense against cavalry by obstructing the roads leading into the town and the streets by barricades of cotton bales, barrels filled with earth, bales of hay, abatis, or of any suitable material that can be readily obtained. This is not intended to interfere in any way with the construction of the earth-work already directed to be constructed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, April 2, 1864.

General GROVER,

Commanding at Alexandria:

GENERAL: There ought to be no passes given to able-bodied men to leave this country, except for special reasons. They ought to assist in cleaning their own country of the enemy. Encourage this all you

