
Lieutenant Dunn, with a small party, had a fight with a band of Cheyennes near Fremont' Orchard, and had 4 men badly wounded (1 of them has since died and 2 others are expected to). A number of Indians were killed. They are stealing stock in every direction, and refusing to give it up. Carbines with ammunition are en route to Camp Fillmore.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STILWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Denver, Colo. Ter., April 16, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,Fort Union, N. Max.:

SIR: I have the honor to request that you will send out a detachment from your command to meet and escort to your post the train of commissary stores now en route from Denver, Colo. Ter. The long anticipated difficulties with the Indians in this Territory appear to have reached a crisis. A fight has already occurred between a small detachment of my troops and the Cheyennes, with some loss on both sides. All my troops are now required for service, and I have ordered Lieutenant Shoup, who, with a detachment of 35 men, has been escorting said train, to return with his command to Camp Fillmore, Colo. Ter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 17, 1864.

Major General D. HUNTER,

U. S. Volunteers:

In giving the instructions to Major General N. P. Banks, a copy of which accompanies this, the design was to impress upon the general particularly two points: First, the importance of commencing operations at the very earliest possible moment against Mobile, so that his movement may serve as co-operative with those of the other armies in the field; second, that he should take with him the greatest number of troops possible from his command. In fixing the Rio Grande as the only point in Texas to retain possession of, I do not intend to take from him all discretion about what should be held. If there should be any point on the Gulf easily defended against largely superior forces which, in the opinion of General Banks, it would give us great advantages in future operations to retain possession of, then he can hold such place. The same rule must apply in fixing garrison s for holding the Mississippi River. General Banks can tell much better from where he is than I can from here what points are necessary to hold and what is necessary to hold them.

Referring to General Banks' letter of the 2nd of April to Major-General Halleck,* giving the strength of garrisons at the different points held by him, to with, Rio Grande, 3,000; Matagorda Bay, 3,277; Pensacola, 900; Key West, 791; New Orleans, 1,125; Baton

---------------

*See Part I, p. 179.

---------------

