
of the plan of the Government at Washington will fail us, and that my force is insufficient to advance farther upon this line against the enemy, who appears to be in full force, I shall entertain no thought of a retrograde movement; certainly not if it leaves the navy in any danger. No such purpose is contemplated now. I have sent for all the troops that can be gathered from my own department to move to this point immediately. I have also requested, as I have said, the co-operation of General Steele. Government Hall, of Missouri, who is here, expresses great interest in the success of this campaign, and will do all he can to send forces from Missouri, which he says can be spared form that State. If this assistance fails, I can then determine what course to pursue; until then, it is my purpose to maintain my position.

Had I known you to have been in command, or that Admiral Porter was absent, I should have sought an interview with you upon the subject embraced in your letter. In my interview with the admiral he expressed the utmost confidence in the rise of the river, and did not speak upon the subject of the withdrawing either of his vessels or the troops. His last suggestion to me was, that it would be imprudent for me to advance until the river should rise. I will take early occasion to explain to you in person my view of the situation of our affairs.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 22. Grand Ecore, La., April 17, 1864.

1. Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the First Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and is assigned to duty at these headquarters as chief of staff to the commanding general.

* * * *

7. Brigadier General Godfrey Weitzel, U. S. Volunteers, will report without delay to headquarters Department of the Gulf in the field.

* * * *

18. Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Defenses of New Orleans, and will proceed at once to Pass Cavallo, Tex., to relieve Brigadier General Fitz Henry Warren in the command of the U. S. forces at that point.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

13 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

