
DARDANELLE, April 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL:

I have just arrived here with 20 men from Lewisburg.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel Third Arkansas.

FORT SMITH, April 17, 1864. (Received 18th.)

Brigadier General NATHAN KIMBALL:

I fear you do not realize the condition of military affairs at this post. Captain Durbin,having previously reported to General Blunt, as soon as General Thayer left here refused to obey any orders from our district commander, Colonel W. R. Judson. The troops of this district left behind are thus without any transportation under their control. Captain Hamer, commissary, is also under General Blunt's orders. We must starve uncles something is done immediately. I induced Captain Durbin to send a train of seventy wagons to Dardanelle for stores. The train was loaded on the 15th instant, and the stores invoiced to Captain Hamer, and train taken charge of [by] an officer under Blunt's command.

If these stores are taken out of the Department of Arkansas 3,000 troops in this district will be reduced to starvation, or else have to report to General Blunt and get food. There seems to be a determination to produce this result, and thus place this district under General Blunt' control. Colonel Judson should be ordered to seize this train and turn over the commissary stores to me, and the train itself to our post quartermaster, Captain Albert Pearson. We cannot exist here unless we can control the supplies for our troops. Please order Captain Harding and Captain Cantine to send all stores to me so that I can make the proper distribution. Actual starvation is staring us in the face. Please answer by telegraph.

M. S. ADAMS,

Captain and Chief Depot Commissary.

Approved.

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding District of the Frontier, Arkansas.

SAINT LOUIS, April 17, 1864-11 a. m. (Received 12.25 p. m., 18th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

By having authority to use the dismounted cavalry at depot for guard at Saint Louis, and Ninth Iowa Cavalry ordered to Littler Rock can sent two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry, and Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, Colonel Beveridge, now at Saint Charles, Ill., for which I am an applicant. The rebels wish to stop and prevent planting in West Kentucky and Tennessee. The intention of the rebels in Northern Arkansas, and of the guerrillas, with a powerful armed secret organization here, is to do the same in Missouri, and the time of the advent of their operations is at hand, for which reason no move of troops from the interior to increase the

