
can. The fortifications should be pressed with vigor. Let the streets also be barricaded. It will encourage the people that this position is to be held. The election to-day will give great satisfaction to the Government.

Very respectfully,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NATCHITOCHES, April 2, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Brigadier General A. L. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have received your dispatch of 2 p. m. As I am fixed at present I prefer not to remove a brigade of infantry from here. I think that in addition to the picket on the Fort Jesup road it may be well to leave a section of artillery there, with a mounted infantry regiment, that is, if you anticipate danger there. But cannot you find out anything to-night, so as to encamp there to-night, coming in to-morrow? If, however, you get them running I advise you to leave your rear as secure as you can, and chase them as far as provisions and forage will justify.

Respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NATCHITOCHES, April 2, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier General A. L. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I have received your dispatch of 3.45 p. m. It will not answer for you to go too far from your present position, as your rear may be in danger unless you leave some force to guard the junction. I therefore think that it will be well for you to go ahead to-morrow and feel them again, and if you find them in great force, so great that you cannot drive them, come back to-morrow, as I presume that by that time your provisions and forage will be exhausted. Under my present orders I do not think that you would be justified in going to Shreveport.

Respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS RED RIVER EXPEDITION, Numbers 18. On Steamer Clara Bell, April 2, 1864.

You will commence embarking your troops at 7 a. m. this morning, and will have everything on board and your command in readiness to start at 9 a. m. The signal for getting up steam will be one long whistle and three short ones, one hour after which the signal will be given for starting, which will be one long whistle. The same order and same signals will be observed as heretofore. The boats will follow each other at a distance of about 400 yards, the Meteor

