
General Sykes has reported to me for duty, and I hardly know what disposition to make of him. I am better provided with generals than troops. Continue to report fully all your knowledge of the front, and I will do all I can to augment forces in that direction.

I remain, general, very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Max., April 17, 1864.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith please find-

First. A copy of a privat letter from Governor Goodwin, of Arizona, to myself. This letter is dated at Tucson, Ariz., April 4, 1864. It shows that there is an immediate and pressing necessity for a military force to go to that country to punish the Indians, who are not only numerous but very hostile. In this letter Governor Goodwin sustains the action of Colonel Davis, assistant inspector-general, U. S. Army, about which Colonel Poston, the superintendent of Indian affairs, so bitterly complained in a letter already sent to you.

Second. A copy of a letter form Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, assistant inspector-general, U. S. Army, dated at Fort Whipple, Ariz., March 20, 1864, in which, among other things, he treats at length of these Indian difficulties.

Third. A copy of a letter form Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, assistant inspector-general, U. S. Army, dated at Tuscon, Ariz., April 4, 1864. In this will be seen what is said of Colonel Brown, of the First Cavalry, California Volunteers, now en route to this department from that of the Pacific. Colonel Brown has been ordered to Fort Craig, N. Max., there to await further orders. What with political schemes and mining interests in Arizona, both of officers of volunteers, of civil officers, and of citizens, which go to form not only springs of action, but which warp judgment and sometimes strive to deflect the rays which should come direct form truth, it is difficult for any commander who proposes to act with an eye to the interests of the Government, to act justly by all, and to act with anything like vigor, to escape the most unmeasured abuse. You can depend on this. I shall expect at least my share, for I find that my ideas of what should be done conflict very directly with those of many of these gentlemen who have gone in one capacity or another to that Territory.

Fourth. Copies of extract form private letters from Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, U. S. Army, on affairs in Arizona.

The necessities which are shown by these letters to exist for immediate demonstrations against the Apaches of Arizona have induced me to commence organizing an expedition to proceed against them. It will consist of, say, about 500 men; will start form Las Cruces, N. Max., will have its depot of supplies of twenties and forties and eighties will radiate in all directions and follow any trail that may be found. We must trust to the gallantry of small parties against any numbers. Large parties move snail-like, are seen at once, and are avoided; generally are laughed at by these Apaches. Small parties move

