
follow the stream to the river. We decided to follow the stream, and with great difficulty passed down the canon to the river. We then followed the river, crossing it frequently, occasionally passing round a canon to the lower valley. We went down the valley in sight of the point of the junction of the Verde and Salinas, and then following a northwesterly course, returned to Woolsey's, where we fortunately had left some flour and bacon, having consumed our last ounce of provisions on the morning of the day we reached there.

From what I saw I reached this conclusion: That the upper valley is too far from any known mines and from the center of population for a post or town at present. If mineral discoveries should be made to the east of it a good location could be made there. There are not many Indians in the northern valley, and a post at that point would be too far from the present mines to prevent the Indians from passing over the trails below it, which they now do, and committing depredations. Most of the Indian trails pass into the canons and mountains between the upper and lower valley and into the lower valley. I think that a post should be established near the junction of the Verde and Salinas, or farther east in the Apache country, if a more desirable location can be found there. This is a central point in the Territory. The road to Fort Whipple should pass near this point, and not by the Hasyampa as at present. It would enable miners to open up the country to the east, which is rich in minerals, and the troops could co-operate with the Maricopas and Pimas, who are useful in following Apaches. Woolsey and Walker and the best Indiana fighters go to this point as a starting-point for a campaign. If the mines to the east are developed, it will be on the road from California to these mines, and what is of very great importance in this country, a post here could be easily reached by trains from Yuma or from Sonora.

The location of Fort Whipple should be changed. It is too far from the mines to afford protection and for pursuit in case of an Indian raid. In the recent difficulties the officers at the post did all in their power, but were unable to recover the stolen stock or to punish the Indians. The Indian difficulties are becoming very serious, and unless vigorous measures are taken the new mining region will be deserted. I am disposed to convene the Legislature at a point in the new mines if a post can be established sufficiently near to afford adequate protection. One year will, I think, settle the question for these mines; in that time either a sufficient population will come in to protect itself or the mines will be deserted for richer discoveries. At the point where I should locate there is abundant timber for quarters for the men and for store-houses, and, if the force is mainly infantry, sufficient grazing for the stock; indeed, I think, enough grass or water for all the stock at the post. Colonel Davis has read me his communication to you on the subject of the protection to be given the people of this Territory, and I heartily indorse all his views and suggestions. Before interchanging opinions on these questions we had arrived at substantially the same conclusions. I think that this is a very critical period in the history of this Territory. If the people who have come into Northern Arizona are driven out the settlement of the Territory will be retarded for many years; but if the Indian difficulties are speedily settled a large emigration will come in here during the next year. The people here will do all in their power. I think that three effect

