
ive companies of rangers can be raised for service against the Indians who will serve without pay, requiring food only, and, to some extent, ammunition. Woolsey has one company now in the field, and the prompt action of Colonel Davis in furnishing rations for them, without which the company could not be raised, has given the greatest satisfaction and encouragement to our people. Indeed, men who were about leaving the country, when they heard of it turned back and went out on the Indian campaign. The Indians undoubtedly expect to drive us from the country during the coming year, and I hope a blow will be struck before the troops return to California which will settle the question for this Territory as the subjugation of the Navajos has for New Mexico.

On my way here I met Colonel C. D. Poston, superintendent of Indian affairs, accompanies by about 70 Pimas and Maricopas, on their way to Fort Whipple. I have since learned that a part of these Indians subsequently joined Woolsey's expedition. Colonel Poston was intending to visit the Moquis, but has decided to give up the idea of doing so for the present. Colonel Poston sent me a copy of his letter to you, dated March 10, 1864, in which he speaks of various matters in dispute between himself and the military officers in this Territory. I have no official connection with the superintendency of Indian affairs, and have no wish to interfere in any of these matters; but I am very anxious that there shall be no collision between the civil and military officers in this Territory. In securing the grain of the Indians Colonel Davis acted with great prudence and discretion, and has so far avoided all difficulty.

Colonel Poston complains of the conduct of the inspector-general in taking some arms belonging to the Territorial militia and distributing them among the Indians. He is entirely mistaken in the facts. The arms belonging to the Territorial militia, together with the ammunition, are all at Fort Yuma in the original packages, subject to my order. I read with surprise and indignation the attack on you in the New York paper. Upon reflection, I know that it cannot injure you, and I feel quite sure that in the end it will aid you. McCormick read to me an article prepared for our paper, which fully expresses our views. We should hold a meeting at Fort Whipplee but for the small number of civilians there. If any further or other expression of our sentiments is required, you shall have it at any time. I think it must proceed from Mowry, and, if so, his impudence is sublime.

Please excuse this hasty scrawl, and believe me, general, truly, your friend,

JOHN N. GOODWIN.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

INSP. General 'S OFFICE, DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,

Fort Whipple, Northern Ariz., March 20, 1864.

General J. H. CARLETON,

Commanding Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I arrived here on the 15th instant, and shall leave for Tucson on the 22nd instant. I delay one day to accompany Governor Goodwin to Tucson. I have inspected the post of Fort Whipple, which is at present located about 70 miles south 14^ west from the San Francisco Mountain, about 1 1/2 miles nearly west of an isolated peak in the valley, which I suppose is the Tonto Buttes, and some 20 miles

