
north 21^ east of the so-called Granite Mountain, by the compass (variation of the needle at this point said to be about 14^ east), and upon a branch of the San Francisco River, which heads in a series of springs 1 to 2 miles southeast of the post, thence coursing one-half mile below it in a northwesterly direction, when it turns in a northeasterly direction, and unites with Granite Creek. The troops were generally in good health and order, though many were absent on detached service, and the supplies well preserved and cared for, there being erected for each depot quartermaster and commissary a very good log building with canvas roof. A hospital of like description is about ready for occupation. There are no other buildings, save in a few cases stone and mud walls or tents for kitchens, and a log buildings, partially completed, for a blacksmith's shop. Timber for building is hauled about 24 miles, and lumber, cut with a whipsaw, costs $ 150 per 1,000 feet at the saw-pit.

The animals of all descriptions are generally poor, except a portion of the commissary cattle, which are fair beef, poor cattle having been exchanged for good ones, pound for pound. There is no grain, and the grass, though fair in quantity and of the gramma species mostly, seems to afford little nutriment or strength to the animals. Many of the wagons are nearly or quite unserviceable without repairs, for which there is little or no timber or iron. There are a few horse but no mule shoes at this post, which are much wanted. I have authorized the use of some log chains for making muleshoes. The necessity for the shoes, the character of the chains and number on hand, and the interests of the public service fully justify this use of the chains.

Inclosed is a memorandum report, marked A, showing the time for which this post with its present garrison is supplies in most articles, and those articles mostly needed, for a six-months' supply. The supply of subsistence stores on hand I am pleased to find greater than I anticipated. I have authorized Major Willis to issue on Honorable R. C. McCormick's requisition the flour, bacon, meat, and coffee which he asks for. Please see paper marked B, herewith inclosed. These articles could not be supplied in time from Tucson. I have also taken the responsibility of furnishing King Woolsey with thirty days' rations for 60 men, of flour and coffee, and 500 pounds of bacon, making, say, 2,400 pounds flour, 180 pounds coffee, and 500 of bacon, to enable him and 60 men to make a campaign against the hostile Apache Indians.

Inclosed please find a communication from Governor Goodwin and Mr. McCormick, marked C, representing the necessity of this aid to the settlers and miners of this Territory. I am satisfied, general, from reliable information gained from a variety of sources, that from the character and disposition of the Indians in this Territory, who are, with few exceptions, bitterly hostile to the whites and apparently disposed to combine for a general war against them, the interests as well as the duty of the General Government with respect to economy and humanity, and particularly of Arizona, to protect her settlers and miners and develop the apparently almost inexhaustible riches of her mines of gold, silver, copper, and lead, is to put forth every effort in a vigorous and decisive campaign against the barbarous tribes, employing the troops and those miners, settlers, and citizens generally who are ready and willing to give their services in this work. The latter only ask the main component parts of the ration, and in some cases, perhaps, the aid of ammunition and a few

