
arms. The condition of affairs here must be looked in the face and the Indians subdued and rendered harmless, or the country deserted by whites, its mines and agricultural resources undeveloped, and the Territory given up to the savage and coyote.

The production of precious metals insured by the development of the Arizona mines will afford a metallic basis to our currency, and raise the credit of our country to such an extent as would seem to justify special protection and aid from the General Government to those here as a matter of national interest.

The already numerous "leads" and mines of gold, silver, lead, and copper discovered, with the rich specimens of ore and pure metals

taken therefrom, are conclusive evidence of Arizona's richness in the precious metals. For the protection of the Government officials of Arizona, which I understand is one of the principal objects of this post, its location is what will accomplish at present this mission. For protection to the miners and other settlers in Northern Arizona against hostile Indians, and for operating successfully against the latter, it is not well located. In this view I am not alone. Governor Goodwin and others, a portion of the officers here, and all of the miners and settlers north of the Gila in this direction with whom I have conversed, and from what I have heard, concur with me in this opinion. The question of supplying this post is a difficult one. I have made active and diligent inquiries with regard to this important matter. The routes to be considered are from the Rio Grande, via the one traveled by Major Willis, or if practicable the one Colonel Chaves is about to explore from Tucson via Pima villages, Antelope Creek, and Mountain - almost impracticable for loaded trains as now traveled; from San Pedro, Cal., via Fort Mohave, or mouth of Williams Fork, 60 miles below, or La Paz, 60 miles still lower; from San Francisco, via the Colorado Revere and La Paz, mouth of Williams' Fork, or Fort Mohave. By either one it will be expensive and liable to delay and uncertainty. The fear of Indians makes it extremely difficult to obtain citizen transportation to this section of the country.

Hence to Fort Mohave, it is reported almost or quite impracticable for loaded wagons. To mouth of Williams' Fork it is reported a practicable though heavy road a part of the distance, and thence west report makes a good practicable road, but I have nothing definite on this point. A new route to La Paz is reported, but the road is reported heavy and water too scarce. Hope to find water by digging. You are better able than myself, perhaps, to judge of what dependence can be put upon the navigation of the Colorado River. It is reported a party is putting on the river light-draught boats, &amp; c., doubtless to promote their interest in a river town. I am inclined to the opinion that the best route via which to supply this point from California is by the mouth of Williams' Fork, supplies coming to that point by the Colorado River, or by land from San Pedro, if the road to that place reported discovered is 80 miles shorter and a good one. If supplied from Tucson, pack-mules had better be used than wagons. The capital of Arizona will not probably be located here. The first session of the Legislature will probably be some 30 miles south of this, meeting the last of June or early in July, when the site for the capital will be determined. Troops are required for the protection of the Legislature while in session, and perhaps for the Government officials at the same place until next spring. Timber is near this place, and sufficient water and grass for a small command is reported.

