
My views expressed to you some time since with respect to a road from near the Pima villages across the Salinas, and north between it and the Aqua Fria, &amp; c., as the best and shortest route to this section from the Pima villages, are apparently verified by the report of Governor Goodwin, Major Willis, Captain Walker, Mr. Woolsey, and others. There are some 6 miles on this route yet to be made, or found, to be a good wagon road. Governor Goodwin will probably write you relative to his recent expedition. Also, the advantages of a large and permanent military post north of the Gila, east of the Rio Verde or San Francisco, and perhaps along the Salinas, are impressed upon my mind more strongly than ever by information and knowledge which I have gained of this country and the Apache Indians since I then wrote you, and from an honest conviction of the necessity of a military post in that vicinity if you would give the heaviest blow to the Apache Nation and the best promote the interests of Arizona. I must again urgently but respectfully recommend that a post be established permanently of at least four companies in that vicinity. I would suggest three companies of infantry and one of cavalry, selecting one of the infantry companies here, the one at Tucson and the Mimbres, and one company of cavalry, say Captain Gorham's.

The true policy is, I think, to put every available soldier into the field, and invite the miners and settlers to join them - they are willing and anxious to do so - giving them rations, and, if necessary, some ammunition. Employ the Pimas, and particularly the Maricopas, and prosecute a vigorous, short, and decisive campaign against the Apaches before the volunteers are mustered out of service, then this country will have quiet and prosperity, but not till then I fear.

R. S. Woolsey and Mr. A. Lyon, now with me, I would recommend as persons well fitted to organize and lead companies of miners. They ask no pay, nor the miners. Papers marked D, E, and F, herewith inclosed, are copies of my instructions to Colonel Chaves and Captain Pishon, and a letter of Governor Goodwin and Secretary McCormick to myself. My views as above expressed are in general concurred in by Governor Goodwin, Mr. McCormick, and many others.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

INSP. General 'S OFFICE, DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,

Tucson, Ariz. Ter., April 4, 1864.

General J. H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my return to this place last night, accompanied by Governor Goodwin, from Fort Whipple, Ariz. Ter.; also to acknowledge the receipt of your official letters of the 11th and two of the 17th ultimo, one of the 4th ultimo (confidential), with the accompanying papers. The official papers herewith inclosed will explain my action so far as taken upon the matters you referred to, and the discharge of what I considered my duty, and was for the interests of the public service. The case of Dr. Lieb was such an aggravated one, I had acted upon it before your instructions with regard to him were received. The subsistence stores your ordered to

