
Fort Whipple from the Rio Grande will, when received, I think, put that post independent of want for the present, and until supplies are received and its location definitely settled.

The more I hear of the routes via points on the Colorado River by which to supply Fort Whipple, the more I fear they will prove slow and uncertain and expensive. Reports, received since writing, from there are generally less favorable to these routes than my previous information thereof. Hence to Fort Whipple is about 300 miles, and the road so objectionable for the transportation of supplies that I do not at all contemplate using it. I shall, if required to supply it from here, establish a route hence nearly north between the Aqua Fria, and the San Francisco or Rio Verde. This will save in distance nearly 100 miles, and afford a wagon road, except some 10 to 15 miles, not bad for packing. The teams of Fort Whipple can take the supplies whence they are packed, one company being encamped there for protection, &amp; c. I intend this as the express route. The more I learn of this country, of its wants, and of the character and haunts of the Apache Indians, and reflect upon the present and prospective condition of our military affairs here, the more convinced I am in judgment that there should be one post in this Territory near the Gila and east of the San Francisco River and Fort Whipple and Tucson as military posts abandoned.

The term of service of all the troops at Whipple will soon expire, when others will be required to replace them, or the post abandoned. On the arrival of company L, First California Cavalry, due here in some five days, I shall send it, except 25 or 30 detached for duty here, to Reventon. The captain of this company is, by report, the best one to go there. However, I propose giving Colonel Coult authority over this station, as being for the good of the service. Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett informs me that he has forwarded you papers relative to the conduct of Colonel Brown and his fitness for the position he now holds. From his statements, and from others, and a letter of Lieutenant James shown me, I conclude he is unfitted for his place, and if the charges made against him are substantiated he should not remain in the service. He has sent orders ahead establishing his headquarters here, offers to escort the Governor about the Territory, and it is asserted for him that he will have command of this district. Strenuous efforts are being made in California to attach Arizona to the Department of the Pacific, and I am told Colonel B. is promised the command of this district.

There are most grave and discreditable accusations made of fraudulent and unauthorized transactions at Fort Yuma and elsewhere in California with regard to supplies, purchase of horses, & c., but I have not time to particularize now. The subsistence stores estimated for last winter for this post will be at Yuma, as reported, soon as we can get transportation for them. There are no quartermaster stores there except a small amount of wagon timber, & c. Eight wagons of Ochoa's train have returned with grain, which the cavalry here and to leave will about exhaust; the balance of his train is soon expected, when it will be sent to Yuma for subsistence stores with all the Government teams that can be spared. My animals are jaded, thin, and need rest. Fresh beef is supplied on contract, indifferent in quality at this season. Lieutenant Toole has purchased, by my direction this morning, to arrive in one to a few days, 30,000 pounds or more of flour, at 15 cents per pound. It is almost impossible to negotiate New York drafts here. We have sufficient of small rations

