
for the present, and will provide for all other wants soon. Rest assured the best means in my judgment to secure the desired end and put our military status all right with respect to supplies will be adopted. You need have no uneasiness on this subject, although for a time our superabundant ration by law must be reduced. There is much want of provisions here, and Colonel Coult and Judge Howell report some of the people almost starving. If necessary I will direct Captain Pishon to send 50 head of cattle in here at once; the balance to be started when we know where they are wanted. The most embarrassing obstacle to overcome at present is transportation and forage. Sonora has a meager supply. General Wright has reduced the forage ration in California in consequence of the prospective failure of the barely crop.

Lieutenant Toole informs me he has already made estimates for the last half of this year for subsistence stores and forwarded it for your action; therefore I will await your action on this ere taking any steps myself. Captain French returned last evening from Sonora and his mission to Pesqueira. I inclose the original communications of the Governor. Colonel Coult desires that they may be returned for file at this post. Captain French reports the general sentiment in Sonora strong for the United States and our flag. No information of interference from the French in the Gulf of California as yet. A rumor says they are in Chihuahua. Guaymas or Libertad is the best route for our next supplies. Please express your action on this point. As soon as supplies are procured in sufficient quantity, I will write for the three remaining companies of First California Cavalry. One of them is now at Yuma, I learn. I propose visiting Reventon, Tubac, &amp; c., as soon as the Eastern express arrives and its demands attended to, accompanied by Governor Goodwin. Afterward, had I the time and troops, would examine the Gila country refereed to above, which vicinity the Governor wishes to visit if his duties and time will permit.

The express from Las Cruces I have requested delayed one day, 21st, to bring your Santa Fe mail. General, there are several matters which I have not time now to report upon. I am delaying the express to the last moment, and from the many things I have to attend to and the frequent interruptions upon all matters military and several civil, I shall no doubt omit, by mistake, some things that I intended to write you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

INSP. General 'S OFFICE, DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,

Northern Arizona, March 21, 1864.

[General JAMEES H. CARLETON:]

DEAR GENERAL: I give you a long official letter with other papers this mail. I am pressed with business, and am anxious to get away on account of my animals and for fear the streams may rise. This is a good grazing country in the summer, but in the winter it will not do. The sheep that were fat are too poor to kill, the officers tell me. Animals look badly; water is good. But this is the hardest place to get supplies to that I have seen; the roads are heavy, rough, and some of them for miles along streams which, when high, will make them impracticable, and it will be death almost to animals

