
taking the place of the Baltic, and the Luminary, Jennie Rogers, and Colonel Cowles following the Hastings in the order herein named.

By order of Brigadier General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE, Pass Cavallo, Tex., April 2, 1864.

Captain B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report relative to work on the defenses of this island for the 1st and 2nd day of April instant:

Two regiments from the Second Brigade, First Division, were employed on left of exterior line on the 1st instant, working 255 men. Five teams were engaged here drawing sods. The First Brigade did not work to-day. I employed 104 men from Second Engineers at Fort Esperanza this day. The work on this fort progresses slowly on account of the scarcity of lumber. I have made some changes in Fort Esperanza, putting in four platforms on the land front, one of which is in the traverse in front of sally-port. I have also laid out two more on the north front. The teams have been employed drawing sods to this fort to-day. Two hundred and twenty-five men were employed on interior line to-day. The work on this line progresses rapidly. The wind has driven us once or twice this week from the redan on the left of this line, but the men have been employed throwing down the rifle-pits constructed by the enemy below these works. I have not been able yet to prepare the left battery at McHenry Bayou to receive the guns, as I have no lumber for platforms. I would respectfully recommend that the batteries on this line be connected by a cremaillere line, and this line produced still farther to the left. On the 2nd instant the Forty-ninth and Sixty-ninth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, 551 men, were engaged on left of exterior line. Four teams only reported on this line to-day. The First Brigade did not work any men on the line to-day. The progress made here is somewhat slow, as we are unable to procure a sufficient number of teams to keep the men employed. It is very necessary that these works should be sodded as soon as possible, as the winds will soon destroy them. One hundred and eleven men were employed on Fort Esperanza to-day. Ten teams were engaged drawing sods for this work. Two hundred and twenty-six men were employed on interior line. The ground was broken nearly the whole length of this line, and the profiles set up, or ready to set up.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. COBB,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 50. Saint Louis, Mo., April 2, 1864.

I. General Orders, Numbers 32,* current series, from these headquarters, is amended as follows: First. Provost-marshals of sub-districts are

---------------

*See Part II, p. 434.

---------------

