
judgment in this respect, subject to such limitations as are imposed by department headquarters, requiring the force here to occupy a position commanding Pass Cavallo, and to act on the defensive.

By command of Major General John A. McClernand:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 18, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel WAUGH,

Clarksville:

Your dispatch is received. I congratulate you and thank you. You have done well. Please continue to the greatest extent of your power.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF THE FRONTIER, DEPT. OF ARKANSAS,Fort Smith, April 18, 1864.

Brigadier General NATHAN KIMBALL:

GENERAL: Everything here is being centralized in Kansas Department influence, which is no more or less than giving this portion of Arkansas and the troops herein to the hands of McDowell &amp; Co., and that is understood to include powerful war influences, and to extend and control all the Indian country as well as Western Arkansas. All they want now is the two tiers of counties adjoining the Kansas Department to complete their plans. I cannot understand why the interests of this department should be subject to the control of these swindlers.

I have informed you that Quartermaster Durbin reported to General Blunt, who is in the Kansas Department, and did nothing except by his order, not even to the issuing of a pair of pants. Captain Adams sent a train with his clerk to Dardanelle after commissary stores; he found there a clerk of Captain Hamer, General Blunt's commissary, and through some unexplained influence from Little Rock he was placed in possession of the train and stores invoiced to Captain Hamer as depot commissary. General, there is the deception that simply means officers for the Kansas District. If the stores now on their way are allowed to fall into their hands, the troops here will be compelled to report to General Blunt or starve. That is well understood here, and if they act understandingly at Little Rock, of course I have no right to complain, only that I consented to remain a short time with the expectation that I would be sustained by the authorities at headquarters. If they should succeed in getting the troops, or tier of counties which will include them, I must leave and go south, and most respectfully request your assistance.

The following is an extract of hand-bill advertising to lease certain salt-works 40 miles off in the Indian country. You will see that the Kansas Department is provided, for some one of this combination, in my opinion, will get the benefit of the lease:

Parties leasing said salt-works will be required to furnish salt for the use of the troops in the District of the Frontier, Department of Kansas. The amount required to be furnished will not exceed the capacity of said salt-works.

