
I have directed my own quartermaster to purchase some horses and mules. Have filled up four teams and furnished a few horses for cavalry and want many more. Shall he continue to purchase? All the animals purchased by Durbin go into the Kansas Department.

I also send you a copy of an order sent me last night:
SPECIAL ORDERS, LITTLE ROCK, ARK., Numbers 65. April --, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VI. Captain Greene Durbin, assistant quartermaster, is assigned to duty as depot quartermaster at Fort Smith, Ark., and will obey no orders except those of the chief quartermaster of the department and department commander.

By order of Major-General Steele:

W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Quartermasters, somehow or other, make large sums of money. McDowell &amp; Co. will not have any man about them that is not in their interest. Please have these questions decided at once. Line not being up I send by messenger to Clarksville.

I sent dispatches by Major Mefford, which I hope have reached you. Colonel Lynde is on his way to Ozark or Little Rock. Bushwhackers plenty; otherwise quiet.

Yours, respectfully,

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S. - Messenger will remain at Clarksville for your reply.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 18, 1864.

Colonel JUDSON, Commanding, Fort Smith:

COLONEL: I don't understand how the stores are allowed to go into General Blunt's hands. I will direct that all stores be invoiced and sent to Captain Adams; none shall be shipped without being thus sent. You will take the transportation and hold it. The adjutant-general of the department, Major Green, will give all the necessary orders to prevent General Blunt from taking either troops, stores, or transportation from this department. You will seize and hold all the transportation that comes within your district that belongs to the Government, so far as may be necessary for your use.

You will forward a copy of your dispatch sent to me to Major-General Halleck, stating that it is done by my directions, and that our communication is obstructed so that we cannot send from these headquarters, as a reason for so doing. Whenever Colonel Lynde can be heard from or found, he will be ordered to Fort Smith or Clarksville. You may rest assured that I will stand by you and give you all the aid I can. The chief quartermaster and chief commissary will give the proper orders to Durbin and Captain Adams and others in their department. General Blunt will not be permitted to destroy or interfere with the troops of this department. You are in command there, and you will not allow him to use any control over you, your troops, transportation, or anything else in this department.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OPERATOR: Telegraph this to Clarksville and send by special messenger to Fort Smith.

