
necessity for their presence continues to exist. General Schofield's orders are yet in force, but rebels or loyal men cannot purchase arms or ammunition except in accordance with General Rosecrans' Orders, Nos. 32 and 50, of the present year. The question of allowing rebels to bear arms is receiving due attention and consideration. You will hear from it in due time. One thing is certain, rebels and rebel sympathizers must be content to play second fiddle in the coming time, and Union men will as certainly be accorded all the privileges that civil law and military order guarantee to them.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, April 18, 1864.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL,

Commanding District of Nebraska:

Yours of 10th April is before me. I have referred the matter of discord and inadequacy of civil power in Southeast Nebraska both to Major S. S. Curtis, judge-advocate, for a report, and will be governed somewhat by reference to authorities. My judgment at present is that the matter does not come within the provisions of a military commission. Captain Pratt has also presented other matters concerning your district, especially the threatening aspect of Indian tribes. Since he left you the fight at Fremont's Orchard in your district has to some extent justified your apprehensions.

I hope, however, you will be able to keep the peace and properly chastise such offenses as occasioned the assault on the thieves at Fremont's Orchard. As to promising more troops, that seems quite out of the question at present. Everything has been drawn away to augment forces moving from Little Rock to Red River, and great demands are also made for troops on the Potomac and at Chattanooga. We must stand on the defense, I suppose, although I have urged the movement of troops through the Indian country to strike the headwaters of the Trinity and other rivers leading into the heart of Texas. It is, however, unlikely that any new expedition will be favored till the left and center make great struggles against the rebels. You will have perceived some time since that I added considerable to your territory and troops by attaching the overland route to your command.

The movement of Colonel Chivington against the Chevennes was directed by telegraph from here, knowing that he was nearer the outrages with competent force. I have just received intelligence of a change which attaches the Indian country to the Department of Arkansas, and ordering General Blunt to report here. The troops having been drawn away to Steele's command, it was right to make him take charge of the country. Keep me posted of matters, and try to prevent irritations of Indian difficulty. My brother, H. Curtis, expressed particular regard for you. He resides at my town, Keokuk.

I am, general, very truly, yours, &amp; c.,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

