
CAMP SANBORN, April 18, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District:

COLONEL: I arrived here this afternoon. Have sent for Gerry. Told them to send you a report of matters. Am going to the Junction to-morrow morning. It is very difficult to get the truth of anything here without talking with the men, and I do not think there is any more danger of Indian depredations at present. As soon as I can satisfy myself to what band these Indians belong I will be after them as I talked. I think they are Cheyennes, from the Arkansas. Send by the bearer some of their implements. From Jim Beckwith or any Indian man in Denver you can satisfy yourself if this be the case. Shall I go into these Cheyennes on the Platte? I think Captain Sanborn has done all that he could under the circumstances, and deserves credit for his prompt action in these difficulties. I will write you more at length to-morrow. I have not got things running yet. You will please have sent to me 400 pounds hard bread, 12 pack-saddles, 150 light lariats and picket-pins.

Yours, most respectfully,

J. DOWNING,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado.

P. S. - Will send the implements to-morrow in a wagon going up, as I am afraid they will be broken.

J. D.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Sanborn, April 18, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: Inclosed I send you report of the expeditions sent out from this camp under Lieutenant Clark Dunn.* Great credit is due him for his promptness and the great distance traveled, and yet the horses are looking well. Only 1 horse has been killed by hard riding. Major Downing arrived this afternoon, and will write by this express. All is quiet at present.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. SANBORN,

Captain, First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Camp Sanborn.

CAMP ON BEAVER CREEK, April 18, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that on the 13th instant, being on the trail of the Indians who had stolen the cattle, and in the vicinity of the source of the Republican, I came upon one encampment of Cheyennes, five lodges. I sent 3 men to demand the cattle, but before reaching the lodges the squaws mounted their ponies and left, humming. Upon this information I hastened with my command toward the village; met 3 Indians on the route but did not molest them; had proceeded about half a mile when one of my men was fired upon by an ambushed Indian, and I fear fatally wounded.

---------------

* See Part I, pp. 884, 887.

---------------

