
I followed the Indians as far as I could from the nature of the ground, and returned and burnt the village with everything belonging to it, with the exception of what could be used to advantage by the command. On the 16th I followed the trail, and on the 17th came to another village just deserted by the inhabitants, but vast amount of stores, to all of which I applied the torch. Here I also found 19 of the stolen cattle. The wounded man I start for Denver in the evening on a horse litter improvised for the occasion. I will start down the bayou to-morrow evening to find and destroy another village; will be at the mouth of the bayou on 22nd, if scouts bring no further information.

With respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EAYRE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Indian Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., April 18, 1864.

Lieutenant GEORGE H. STILWELL,

First Cav. of Colorado, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist of Colo.:

SIR: Your communication of the 13th instant reached here to-day per express. Captain D. L. Hardy, First Cavalry of Colorado, with 50 men, started from this post the 17th, in pursuit of the Cheyenne Indians, we having positive information that they had the stock that strayed from this post - 3 Government mules and 6 horses. Upon the receipt of your communication I immediately dispatched a messenger informing Captain Hardy of what had transpired on the Smoky Hill, and also ordered Captain James H. Dodge, with one section of the Ninth Wisconsin Battery, to re-enforce him, Captain Dodge being unable to move from this post, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 22, from headquarters Department of Colorado, until the train en route from Denver reaches here, we being short of transportation. We are short of ammunition at this post. Please forward revolver cartridges, if there are none already on the road. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL H. COOK,

Captain, First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.

FORT LARAMIE, April 18, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON:

Have parties out looking for Cheyennes that had fight at Fremont's Orchard with Lieutenant Dunn, but can learn nothing of them. Any information you can give, as in what band, how many, who chief, where from, where seen last, and where going, will help.

Please reply.

WM. O. COLLINS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., April 18, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Commanding District of Iowa:

GENERAL: Late information from the upper Missouri River would seem to indicate that the Uncpapa and other Teton Sioux will cross to the north side of the Missouri and endeavor to effect there a

