
authorized and required to issue the permits therein provided for, upon the approval of district provost-marshals and district commanders. They will keep the same record books required of district provost-marshals in paragraph IV of the order. Second. The order will not be so construed as to prevent the issue of permits to purchase arms and ammunition to loyal men desiring to cross the plains, and who can produce evidence that they are not attempting to evade the conscription act or the enrollment of militia in the State of Missouri.

II. All restrictions imposed in General Orders, Numbers 32, affecting the legitimate, bona-fide trade with New Mexico, Utah, and other loyal sections of the country west of Missouri, are hereby removed, as far as purchases from those sections are concerned. Sellers of arms and ammunition will be held to a rigid compliance with the terms of the order affecting them; but all traders pursuing a legitimate trade with the sections above indicated will be permitted to purchase at Kansas City, Westport, Saint Joseph, and Saint Louis, with the same freedom as before the war.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Warrensburg, April 2, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that there is an improvement in the feeling of the people in this part of the district, which is manifested in the preparations that are being made for cultivating the lands and a revival of trade. The citizen-guard organizations are being rapidly formed, and meet with the cordial approval of the people generally. At two localities some objections were made and I have directed that the order be suspended in their cases for the present.

At Calhoun two loyal companies were formed, but as they have shown a partisan, bitter spirit toward each other, being representatives of different parties or cliques, I have directed that they shall harmonize their difficulties before being armed or their companies recognized.

A letter from Major Neill, First Missouri State Militia, at Clinton, expresses the general feeling of the people in the country. This letter was forwarded to the commanding general yesterday.* Three men of Blunt's old band of bushwhackers were killed near Johnstown, Bates County, on the 28th ultimo. This makes 9 of the band of 20 who have been killed since the emeute of Blunt in La Fayette County, about a month since, and who have been recognized as being the same parties.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 10.

---------------

