
junction with the Yanktonais on or near the James River. In case you find this information true, you had probably better select your point of junction with the forces going to you from Minnesota, somewhere east of the Missouri River, perhaps on the James River.

You will be able to decide in time, and as soon as you do, if any other point be selected than the mouth of Bordache Creek, notify General Sibley at once, as well as myself, by telegraph from Council Bluffs, as also by letter. General Davidson issued his order about the horses at Des Moines under a misapprehension, and has revoked it handsomely, and with an offer of any assistance in his power in fitting you out. Will you please return him my thanks.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., April 18, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Davenport, Iowa:

The three companies Thirtieth Wisconsin left this morning. Will be at Saint Louis to-morrow (Tuesday) morning. Telegraph at once to proper officer in Saint Louis to meet and make provision for them.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 19, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper:

The following dispatches have just been received. They comprise all the intelligence we have had from General Banks. You have probably maps that show the position of Mansfield, southwest of Shreveport and about half way between that place and Natchitoches. Grand Ecore is a short distance north of Natchitoches:

CAIRO, ILL., April 19, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Captain Pennock, of the navy, has unofficial accounts from his officers in Red River indicating a severe battle near Mansfield, below Shreveport, on the 10th [8th], in which General Banks has probably received a check. He has telegraphed the Secretary of the Navy. Please refer to him.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

UNOFFICIAL.] CAIRO, ILL., April 19, 1864.

SECRETARY OF THE NAVY,

Washington, D. C.:

I have received private letters from Red River, one dated Grand Ecore, La., April 10, and one dated Alexandria, April 12, stating that the army under General Banks met with reverses on the 8th near Mansfield. Our army fell back to Pleasant Hill, and the next day the rebels attacked them and were handsomely whipped. Loss heavy on both sides. The admiral, when last heard from, was about 40 miles above Grand Ecore. River low.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

