
CAIRO, ILL., April 19, 1864.

(Received 11.50 a. m., 20th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The letters arrived this afternoon, both from naval officers; one from Grand Ecore, half-way between Natchitoches and Shreveport, dated the 10th, the other from Alexandria, dated the 12th. The battle was near place first named. Smith appears to have been worsted; also the Thirteenth Corps, which came to his aid. Franklin took part, and the enemy were beaten. General Banks waiting for supplies, having suffered heavily. These are rumors, appearing well founded. Correct reports expected.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, April 19, 1864.

Captain D. N. WELCH,

Assistant Quartermaster:

CAPTAIN: You will load the return boats with produce (cotton, sugar, &amp; c.) and get it down as fast as possible, for only in this way can we recover any part of our great expense.

Very respectfully,

S. B. HOLABIRD,

Colonel and Assistant Quartermaster.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 51. Grand Ecore, La., April 19, 1864.

The following order is published for the information and government of the troops therein designated:

All troops of African descent in the Department of the Gulf will hereafter be designated as regiments of U. S. cavalry, heavy artillery, light artillery, or infantry (colored). Such regiments as may hereafter be put in process of organization will be reported to Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, at Vicksburg, Miss., in order that they may receive their proper number.

CAVALRY.

First Cavalry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Fourth.

HEAVY ARTILLERY.

First Regiment Heavy Artillery, Corps d'Afrique, as the Seventh.

First and Second Battalions, Fourteenth Regiment Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, Corps d'Afrique, as the Eighth.

INFANTRY.

First Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Seventy-third.

Second Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Seventy-fourth.

Third Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Seventy-fifth.

Fourth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Seventy-sixth.

Fifth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Seventy-seventh.

Sixth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Seventy-eighth.

Seventh Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Seventh-ninth.

Eighth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Eightieth.

