
Ninth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Eighty-first.

Tenth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Eighty-second.

Eleventh Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Eighty-third.

Twelfth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Eighty-fourth.

Thirteenth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Eighty-fifth.

Fourteenth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Eighty-sixth.

Sixteenth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Eighty-seventh.

Seventeenth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Eighty-eight.

Eighteenth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Eighty-ninth.

Nineteenth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Ninetieth.

Twentieth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Ninety-first.

Twenty-second Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Ninety-second.

Twenty-fifth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Ninety-third.

Twenty-sixth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, as the Ninety-fourth.

First Regiment Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, as the Ninety-fifth.

Second Regiment Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, as the Ninety-sixth.

Third Regiment Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, as the Ninety-seventh.

Fourth Regiment Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, as the Ninety-eighth.

Fifth Regiment Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, as the Ninety-ninth.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, La., April 19, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detachments of 16th and 17th Army Corps:

The commanding general directs that your command be put in readiness to move against the enemy at an hour's notice. Wagons will be packed with what they are to carry, except such articles as are absolutely required for immediate necessities, and which can be put on in the time specified above. Trains will carry five days' rations and five days' forage, this supply not to be used from until the movement commences. Men will at once be supplied with three days' rations in haversacks, and this amount to be kept at that standard. Trains must not be overloaded. Surplus baggage must be sent to the rear upon transports, in accordance with orders already issued. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Same instructions have been sent to General Franklin.

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

ON BOARD U. S. CHARTERED STEAMER GURNIE HOPKINS,

In Red River, April 19, 1864.

Major General J. A. MCCLERNAND,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose to you a detailed statement of the loss in the late terrible battle at Mansfield; also a copy of the report of Colonel Landram, who commanded on that day the Third Division; also the report* of the valiant General

---------------

* See Part I, pp. 272 and 290.

---------------

