
Cameron, who was in command of the detachment after the fall of the most gallant General Ransom, who fell at the head of his gallant command cheering them on.

Your gallant little detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps were placed in the advance and whipped in detail by an overwhelming force. I hear an ardent and heartfelt wish from the highest officer to the lowest private in your command that you could have been there and in command of the whole expedition, of which I hope in person to have the pleasure of conversing with you very soon. Early in the day I volunteered to act as aide to General Ransom, which offer he accepted, and was near him during the engagement and with him when he fell.

I immediately procured an ambulance and conveyed him 8 miles in front of our retreating forces. Before the first charge was made by the enemy upon our front General Ransom received three orders within one hour from General Banks to change the position of his forces. General Ransom said to me each time that to comply with such orders would ruin his army, but he must obey.

Hoping that these reports may be of service to you (although perhaps not a part of my duty), I remain, as ever, your very humble servant,

R. B. HATCH,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, 13th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., April 19, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding, Devall's Bluff:

COLONEL: Colonel C. C. Andrews, Third Minnesota, goes in command of the expedition up White River. You will please furnish him 100 mounted men, or such number less as you and he may agree upon. You will confer with Colonel Andrews, as he is instructed in every particular as to the plan of operations, and I do hope that you may be successful in breaking up McRae's entire band of robbers. I desire that your cavalry move by way of Clarendon to Cotton Plant, and thence form a junction with Colonel Andrews. I leave the entire plan to Colonel Andrews and yourself.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, April 19, 1864.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: My scout is ready to cross the river at Clarendon. I had intended crossing them to-night. I can capture McRae's force and destroy their country so that they cannot remain in it. I have 400 cavalry, mounted, that I can use. I had intended to send some infantry also, by river, by a gun-boat, to engage the enemy and draw their attention while the cavalry would get in their rear. I will be obliged if you could send me 300 infantry, but I can do the march

