HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 19, 1864.

Governor WILLIAM DENNISON,

Columbus, Ohio:

Please come and see me on matters of high public interest as soon as possible.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., April 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. B. COMSTOCK,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Army in the Field, Virginia:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have visited and inspected the posts between Rolla and this place, viz, Little Piney, Big Piney, Waynesville, Lebanon, Gasconade Crossing; found them garrisoned as mentioned in the tri-monthly report of the department, March 31, already forwarded. The troops at Waynesville were in particularly good order and discipline; those at Lebanon quite the contrary. The animals were owned by the men; were small and apparently unsuited for hard service, but I am assured that for the kind of duty which they do, and in a country so bare of forage as this, they answer the purpose better than a larger and stronger class of horses furnished by Government, and exposed to the neglect and brutality of men who have no personal interest in taking care of them, and who are so little controlled by their officers. There are some drawbacks connected with this method of mounting the men, but upon the whole I think it the preferable plan.

The troops at these posts are almost wholly employed in escorting trains and the daily mail to Springfield. A bi-weekly mail under the circumstances would answer and would enable the troops at these posts to be greatly diminished.

If it shall be decided to supply Fort Smith, Fort Gibson, &amp; c., by way of the Arkansas River, taking advantage of its rise to forward large supplies, and of the dry weather to wagon, then a large amount of transportation could be at once withdrawn from this line and from the Kansas-Fort Scott route and applied elsewhere. Whether the navigation of the Arkansas would be practicable on account of guerrilla attacks must be considered.

I have reviewed and inspected the troops at this post, garrisoned by thirteen companies of cavalry, rough, but no doubt serviceable for the kind of work they have to do. General Sanborn, commanding the district, whose report, marked A, is herewith inclosed, seems to be an active, intelligent, and judicious officer. He considers it very desirable to hold the country, thinly populated and poor as it is, and I am inclined to give great weight to his opinion. Like all the officers and citizens nearly whom I have consulted he considers the department to be overstocked with troops and that the Missouri organizations alone are amply sufficient. The great excess lies in the city and District of Saint Louis, and in the District of Central Missouri. I also inclose the report, marked B, of Captain Owen, quartermaster. He does not think himself able to part with any of his transportation under present arrangements, but thinks he will be able to purchase some artillery horses, and is about to begin doing so.

