
could easily have been done at little expense during the hay season, and the Government has been entirely dependent upon the forage secured by citizens. From reports secured, 150 per cent. more land will be put in crop this year than last in this district.

In all counties and places in this district north of Springfield where the loyal portion of the population have not been driven away the people should, in my opinion, be thrown upon their own resources for defense and protection, having due notice that the troops are to be withdrawn and they first organized as home guards. In counties where the loyal population have been driven away and are now returning a small force should be kept for one year, to enable the people to return and raise one crop and organize for defense. Every effort should be made and a good force used to drive all guerrillas and rebels in Northern Arkansas across the river, and then hold the line of the river strong enough to make it difficult for any considerable force to pass, and when this is done most of the force north of the Boston Mountains should be withdrawn, and if the guerrillas still continue to infest it so that it cannot be inhabited by loyal men, it would be proper and expedient to burn all the buildings in it; burnt so that no man could live in it.

There is a sensitiveness on the part of the people, and a disposition to meddle each with the affairs and business of the other. That has and will lead to many difficulties and some loss of life. Time alone will correct this evil. There is also a weakness and timidity on the part of the civil and judicial officers that renders it impossible to punish great crimes except through military commissions. This time also alone will end. The counties along the Kansas and Arkansas border I think should be occupied by small bodies of our troops during the present year. I have reduced the force of the district about 3,000 since I took command, and have reduced it to the lowest number than can perform the service and protect the district.

For the next ninety days, while forage has to be drawn from Rolla, something could be saved in transportation by making that place the headquarters of all cavalry used as escorts for the trains running from Rolla. At the expiration of that time forage will be obtained with much less expense here than at Rolla, as has been the case during the past year until this time, having commenced to draw forage from Rolla this week. Four companies of infantry in the district could be used to as much advantage as cavalry, doing post and guard duty. Not being able to obtain any infantry, I have allowed a portion of the cavalry to remain dismounted and used them for post duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure B.]

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Springfield, Mo., April 19, 1864.

General HUNT,

Inspector:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following in reply to your verbal request of yesterday. I have now under my charge one hundred and eighty-one 6-mule teams, twenty 4-mule teams, twenty-

