
[Inclosure C.]

LEBANON, MO., April 18, 1864.

General HUNT:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose "report of means of transportation,"* and respectfully submit the following as reasons why they are necessarily employed at this post:

First. This post, Gasconade Station, and Wooden's Station are supplied with forage; the first two named also with quartermaster's property, clothing, camp and garrison equipage.

Second. The number of public animals furnished forage from this post will average about 820 per month, requiring 280,000 pounds of grain.

Third. About 400 men receive all supplies of clothing, camp and garrison equipage from this post.

Fourth. As this post is near midway between Rolla and Springfield, a large amount of repairing is done here on passing transportation, requiring a considerable amount of stores of expenditure per month.

I have the honor, general, to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. TRACY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, April 19, 1864.

Colonel BONNEVILLE,

Benton Barracks:

If the Twelfth Missouri has left the barracks, send the following dispatch to Colonel Wells to-night if you can; if not, early in the morning:

COMMANDING OFFICER TWELFTH MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS:

Send to-morrow four companies of your regiment to guard bridges on Iron Mountain Railroad, where troops are now stationed. The officer in command of the four companies will distribute them.

By order, &amp; c.:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

H. HANNAHS,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 21. Warrensburg, Mo., April 19, 1864.

Captain Levi Pritchard, Fourth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and Captain Joseph A. Green, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, are hereby relieved from duty, respectively, as district inspector and chief quartermaster of this district. The following-named officers, having reported at these headquarters in accordance with orders from headquarters Department of the Missouri, are hereby announced as members of the district staff, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Captain D. W. Wellman, Ninth Infantry, Minnesota Volunteers, topographical engineer.

---------------

* Marked as inclosure D, but omitted as unimportant.

---------------

