
County generally to organize themselves into companies. Instruct them how to proceed in the election of officers, and when they have a company organized and the officers elected, require from them the prescribed oath and report the organization and the officers' names for commission at once. Hasten the enrollment of the militia as rapidly as possible. I recommend that you appoint Dr. R. A. Castle as one of your examining surgeons, and do that at once. It will do you good and all good. I hope to hear by return mail that you have made the appointment. You will have no difficulty in enrolling the county if you promptly take my advice.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, April 19, 1864.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: Yours of March 3 is just received. I have studied the current of travel and development of country in the region of Idaho, and your letter has given me some very valuable information and suggestions. I shall heartily co-operate with you in trying to protect the country and encourage settlements. In conversation and correspondence with Colonel Collins, who commands in the region of Fort Laramie and Sweetwater, I have a pretty good idea of the proper overland route which ought to be opened to the mines in Idaho, and I expect an escort will be sent with the vast army of immigrants that are now passing the Mississippi and converging toward the Platte Valley. In that way we may hope to obtain very accurate knowledge of the dangers and necessities devolving on us in that region.

Your idea of a water communication, via the Yellowstone, is a new one, but it strikes me very favorably. Of course it will give facilities for moving supplies, which must have great consideration in the establishment of posts. But I fear navigation will not be of much account up that river, for the Missouri itself is not worth much above the Running Waters (Niobrara). However this may be, I suppose these routes west of Minnesota will be fully explored, not only by the steam-boats of Mr. Chouteau, but by a movement sent out by General Pope, under General Sully, which moves across from Saint Paul toward the headwaters of the Yellowstone. I shall be glad to be in communication with you in relation to matters appertaining to the development of the country to which your letter refers, as it is not only a matter of great military importance, but also of interest to the whole nation in view of its onward progress.

I may refer your letter for information to Washington, but I suppose your intercourse with the head of our branch of the service through your delegate is more useful, as it is more direct and certain. I cannot give any determined answer as to what I will do, for it is not yet certain that Idaho will be a permanent part of my command, as it has never been so designated, but reports and acts with these headquarters as a convenience and sort of courtesy. It is immediately west of General Pope's department, and may, after

