
this summer's campaign, be attached to that department. I am obliged to you for your information, and assure you again I will co-operate with you to the best of my abilities.

I have the honor to be, general, your very obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LYON, April 19, 1864.

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory:

DEAR GOVERNOR: I arrived home from Point of Rocks last evening. Captain Hardy has gone out with 50 men after horses that have strayed from the post, and found by the Cheyennes. If they do not give them up he will fight them, and if so there is great danger of an Indian war with all the tribes. I sent out John Powers, a trusty young man who lives with a Cheyenne squaw, to learn what he could. He came back a few days since and reports, in substance, that the Sioux have been to the Cheyennes with the war pipe, urging them to join against the whites, but they all disclaim all intention to do so. Two Cheyennes have just come in. They have heard of the trouble on the Platte and are very much frightened. I shall try and keep all that come in here. Please keep me advised.

In haste, yours,

S. G. COLLEY,

U. S. Indian Agent.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., April 19, 1864.

First Lieutenant GEORGE S. EAYRE,

Independent Battery, Colorado Volunteer Artillery,

Commanding Detachment on Smoky Hill Route, Colo. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: The colonel commanding directs that you make prompt report to these headquarters of all matters connected with your command. Full information of the movements of the different commands is necessary, that they may be so directed as to co-operate. You will lose no opportunity of communicating such reliable information as you may acquire.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STILWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 19, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The Iowa delegation in House of Representatives and Senators Wilkinson and Washburne urge strenuously the withdrawal of all infantry force from the Northwestern Department as needless and expensive there, while the troops would be useful in active service,

