
which they are anxious to be engaged in. As you have the subject under consideration it is proper to apprise you of these opinions. They affirm that 1,500 or 2,000 is the whole force needed in that department.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CULPEPER, VA., April 19, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Before ordering General Pope to send any troops from his department I was waiting to see his reasons for retaining the number he has. My own opinion has been that a small force of cavalry, with but very little infantry, was all that he required. I would advise that he be ordered to send all the infantry he can possibly spare to Washington at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 20, 1864 - 10.35 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Culpeper:

Detailed telegraphic reports from Chicago, which you will see in this morning's Chronicle, represent General Stone to have been in command as chief of Banks' staff at the time of Banks' disaster, and that the operations were against the remonstrance of General Ransom,, who is badly wounded.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 25. Grand Ecore, La., April 20, 1864.

1. The troops of his command, on receiving final orders to march, which will be issued hereafter, will move under the control and direction of Major General W. B. Franklin, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, &amp; c. The rear will be brought up by troops of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, commanded by Brigadier General A. J. Smith. The requirements of circular letters of yesterday's date as to rations and forage, the readiness of the troops, trains, & c., to march at an hour's notice, will be strictly enforced.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, April 20, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detachment Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps:

The commanding general directs that you move at 12 o'clock to-day, with your entire force of infantry and artillery to Natchitoches.

