
retreated toward Washington. Finding General Steele was on the Camden road they harassed his advance and rear with a view to holding him until their infantry and artillery could get inside the fortifications, but after fighting all day he reached Camden, having marched 23 miles. Price ordered the evacuation of Camden, supposing our army was marching on Washington and Shreveport. Some troops and a train will start from Little Rock for the front in a day or two, and General Steele desires that you send 200 cavalry at least (and as many more as you can spare) to Little Rock to accompany them. They should start from Pine Bluff to-morrow morning. I will send some further news by the escort which leaves for Pine Bluff in the morning. A large steam-boat, the Homer, was captured below Camden. Our loss has been slight. Please answer when the cavalry leaves for this place.

Respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMDEN, ARK., April 20, 1864.

I certify that on the evening of the 16th April, 1864, General Thayer came to headquarters Second Brigade, Thayer's division, Seventh Army Corps, and inquired for Colonel Adams, Colonel Adams being absent, he told or ordered me to notify Colonel Williams, of the First Colored Regiment, that his regiment (First Kansas Colored) would be ordered to march at 5 a. m. on the following morning, together with four squadrons of cavalry and 1 section of Rabb's battery, all in command of J. M. Williams, to escort a forage train 15 miles west, and near the localities of the camp of Thayer's division, the night of the 15th instant. General Thayer states that he was cautioned by General Steele to send a good officer in charge, and hence his reason for indicating Colonel Williams instead of calling on brigade commander for an officer of his (commander's) selection. General Thayer asked me to go with him to Colonel Williams, which I did. When we arrived at Colonel Williams' quarters we found him in his bunk. General then stated to him (Colonel Williams) in substance what he had stated to me, as above narrated, and repeated what he had said in regard to a good officer, adding that in selecting Colonel Williams he meant no disparagement to other officers of the brigade. Colonel Williams inquired as to when the expedition should go. General repeated to him that there was plenty of forage in the vicinity of the camp of the Frontier Division, Seventh Army Corps, during the night of April 15, 1864, and that a forage-master would direct to it. He further stated that he would send out an additional force on the evening or afternoon of the 17th, to be in supporting distance of the force sent out in the morning. General Thayer remarked that it would be well to place cavalry pickets on the various roads to give notice of the approach of the enemy. General and myself then returned to brigade headquarters, where Colonel Adams had arrived, when he (general) explained to him (Colonel Adams) what orders he had given and the reason why he had made the order on Colonel Williams direct.

L. A. THRASHER,

Captain, 1st Colonel Reg. Kans. Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, Thayer's Div.

