HDQRS. CO. M, FIRST CAV., MO. STATE MIL.,Hall's Mill, Mo., April 20, 1864.

Colonel JAMES MCFERRAN,

Commanding Third Sub-District, Warrensburg, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this part of the country is comparatively quiet, and the citizens are all at work with what

force in labor and teams they have at their command, but the want of labor and teams will leave many broad acres uncultivated. There appears to be a good feeling growing among the citizens generally, and disposition to stand by the Constitution and laws of our country, and to sustain the Federal Government in putting down this rebellion. The bushwhackers, thieves, and marauders have disappeared, and at this time I do not think there is one in this part of the country. About ten days ago 2 men, known to be bushwhackers, passed through the northwest corner of the county, making their way toward the Sni Hills. One of them was a Gann, a brother to the one who was killed at Germantown.

I have had plenty of forage for my command up to this date, but it is getting somewhat scarce. We have to haul our corn from 10 to 18 miles. Hay and sheaf oats are getting very scarce. The men under my command have been out on six scouts since my last tri-monthly supplementary report, and have traveled 1,343 miles in the aggregate; 1,343/77 = 16 1/3 miles travel to each man in the whole command.

The men are generally in good health and the horses belonging to the men are doing well at this time.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. EADS,

Captain Company M, First Cav., Missouri State Militia.

FAYETTEVILLE, April 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN, Commanding:

Four hundred rebels, under Jackman, are on King's River east of Huntsville. They are threatening that place. A few home guards, under Captain Bivins, hold it, and will have to fall back, when the town will undoubtedly be burnt. It is impossible for me to help them now. I have not seen or heard of your troops that were to be here last week. Where are they? Can they help Huntsville at once? Please answer immediately.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., April 20, 1864.

Colonel HARRISON, Fayetteville, Ark:

The Ninth Kansas Cavalry, Colonel Lynde commanding, 1,050 men, should be at King's River to-night; certainly by to-morrow. This regiment is en route to Fort Smith. They left here to go via Berryville, King's River, Huntsville, and Mulberry to Fort Smith on last Friday. I cannot tell where Phelps' troops are. I have received no communication from him.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

