
limits of any post or military reservation within this department is strictly prohibited except on an order from the chief quartermaster, approved by the commanding general.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Larned, Kans., April 20, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

District of South Kansas, Paola, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Kiowa Indians in the vicinity of this post are manifesting a disposition to be troublesome. Depredations upon trains, such as killing and stealing of cattle by them, are becoming of frequent occurrence, and to-day some men came to these headquarters and reported that the Kiowas had robbed them of 5 oxen. This is the third instance of the kind that has come to my knowledge within the last twenty days. In view of these facts I feel it my duty to report that with the garrison that I have it is impossible for me to do more than to perform the necessary post duty, and that in order to stop these depredations, which are daily growing more alarming to travelers, it is necessary to have a cavalry force here large enough to intimidate the Indians. I have been at this post nearly two years and during that time I have never known the Indians to be so insolent as they are at present, and I believe that unless this post is re-enforced with cavalry soon there will be serious difficulty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. CROCKER,

First Lieutenant Ninth Wisconsin Battery, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, April 26, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, with the recommendation that Fort Larned be taken under the particular supervision of department headquarters (communication being so much easier with Fort Leavenworth than with this place), and that a company of cavalry and a good field officer be sent to take command of that post.

THOS. J. MCKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Omaha, Nebr. Ter., April 20, 1864.

Captain JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that General Mitchell, commanding this district, was attacked on the evening of the 15th instant with erysipelas, and has been quite indisposed ever since, so

16 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT III

