
much so as to render it improper for him to attend to business. He is, however, slowly improving, but it will be several days before he will be in a fit condition to resume the duties of his command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN K. RANKIN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIAN RANCH, April 20, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

DEAR COLONEL: Last night about 1 a. m. a messenger arrived at Camp Sanborn stating that the ranches on the Platte had been attacked, and at this ranch every person had been driven away and their lives threatened, which I have found to be true; the Indians having taken, in addition, all they wanted. I started for this place with 60 men about an hour after I received the news and arrived here at 1 p. m., the horses of my command almost jaded out. Saw one Indian on the opposite bluffs, about 4 miles off, upon my arrival, but he immediately disappeared. Intend to take the trail to-night, as they only started from here this morning, and hope to catch some of them. Will follow the trail as long as my horses will stand it.

Every person with whom I have talked concurs in the opinion that they are Cheynnes, which I now firmly believe. More troops will be needed to wipe them out, as the marches are necessarily so long that the horses will not endure it. More horses are also required. There was a man who lived at this ranch murdered about 10 miles from here last Wednesdaay. The Indians are evidently so alarmed by the soldiers that they go night and day to escape us. The only way will be to arrange troops with good guides along the road, so that their marches will be short, that when they meet the Indians their horses will be fresh and vigorous. If anything occurs will write you.

Yours,

J. DOWNING,

Major First Cavalry, Colorado.

P. S. - Everything indicates the commencement of an Indian war. Active measures should at once be adopted to meet them on all sides, or the emigration will be interrupted. The people along the Platte are generally very much terrified.

Have the quartermaster send a train of corn to Camp Sanborn immediately, as it will be needed. Another camp should be established lower down the Platte, and commanded by some active man.

Yours,

J. D.

There is no pen or ink here, consequently I have to use a pencil.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Sanborn, April 20, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: This afternoon I forwarded to you, per Messrs. Kinney and Smith, a spear, some arrows, and a pistol taken from the battle

