
ground, as Major Downing informed me you wished them. The pistol was taken by Brandly, since dead, and was given by him to Acting Hospital Steward Mead, who wishes to keep it, by your permission.

Information reached camp on the evening of the 18th that a party of Chevennes had taken possession of a ranch this side of Moore and Kelley's and were despoiling property, getting drunk, and raising the mischief generally.

Major Downing called for 60 men and Lieutenant Dunn, and they were soon in the saddle and off, major accompanying them. I heard from them to-day. Kinney and Smith met them yesterday, 8 miles this side of Beaver Creek and about 12 miles from where the Indians had left the river, going north toward the North Platte. I send this by express, and with it consolidated provision returns for the next month.

We are unable to send teams for our rations. Those here were sent after corn left on the road and, with following the command, have become nearly worked down, so we shall have to have transportation for rations furnished in Denver.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. SANBORN,

Captain, First Cavalry of Colorado.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Sanborn, April 20, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: Major Downing has returned, having traveled about 140 miles.

The command did not come up with the Indians, but learned that they were Cheyennes, and from information of Sioux Indians thinks there are some Kiowas among them, and also thinks the party that Lieutenant Dunn had the fight with were with them. Major D. will write more fully to-morrow and send by coach.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. SANBORN,

Captain, First Cavalry Colorado, Commanding Camp Sanborn.

WASHINGTON,

April 20, 1864 - 10.40 a. m.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee, Wis.:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that you send all the infantry you can possibly spare to Washington at once.

HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

[APRIL 21, 1864. - For Sherman to Grant, transmitting dispatch from Corse relative to operations on the Red River, see Vol. XXXII, Part III, p. 437.]

