
CAIRO, ILL., April 21, 1864 - 7 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Corse, who was sent by General Sherman to recall General A. J. Smith's command from Red River, has returned. Our loss is 4,000 men, 16 guns, and over 200 wagons. Banks returned to Grand Ecore, badly injured. He refused to return Smith's command. The naval force is caught in low water, with shoals above and below.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to General Grant.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES IN WESTERN LOUISIANA, Numbers 39. Grand Ecore, La., April 21, 1864.

This command will march this evening at 5 o'clock upon thee road to Natchitoches, in the following order: First, Brigadier-General Birge's command, with one brigade, First Division, to be detailed by Brigadier-General Emory; second, the pontoon train and company; third, the ammunition train; fourth, cavalry train; fifth, the engineer regiment (colored) and trains; sixth, Colonel Dickey's train and escort; seventh, General Birge's train; eighth, General Emory's train; ninth, General Cameron's train; tenth, General Smith's train; eleventh, General Emory's troops, with the Reserve Artillery, which will report to him; twelfth, General Cameron's troops; thirteenth, General Smith's troops. One brigade of cavalry will proceed in advance of the column. One brigade of cavalry will report to Brigadier-General Birge. One brigade of cavalry will act as flankers to the column under the direction of Brigadier-General Arnold. Colonel Lucas' brigade will march in rear of the column, reporting to Brigadier-General Smith.

All officers of the quartermaster's department in charge of trains will march with their trains. They will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, chief quartermaster, at these headquarters this afternoon at 5 p. m. for instructions. The trains will be straightened out upon the road early this afternoon. General Emory will withdraw his regiment upon the Pleasant Hill road in season to fall in with his command. General Cameron will withdraw his regiment upon the Natchitoches road upon the march.

By order of Major-General Franklin:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Quarantine, Mississippi River, April 21, 1864.

Major-General BANKS:

I will arrive at New Orleans to-day, with troops on three boats, and desire transports to be in readiness at New Orleans.

JNO. A. MCCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

