HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, La., April 21, 1864.

[General WARREN:]

GENERAL: I arrived here late this evening. A member of my staff has just learned from a member of General Banks' staff that the steamer Clinton is about leaving here, bearing a colored regiment to Pass Cavallo and an order to you. The colored regiment, as I understand, is designed to form part of the garrison at Pass Cavallo, and the order, as I understand, directs you to bring to the army in the field with General Banks all of the white troops (infantry, I suppose) that in your judgment can be spared from Matagorda Island.

If what I have stated should turn out to be true, I would add that it is important you should hasten forward with the re-enforcements contemplated. Landram's division of this corps fought desperately, losing near 1,200 men, killed, wounded, and missing, in the late battle near Mansfield, but the adverse tide was irresistible. Our forces are now reported to be occupying a defensive position on the Red River. Bring for your men shelter-tents, if you can procure them; also entrenching implements, if they can be spared, and drop all excess of baggage. I trust it will be your good fortune to assist conspicuously in retrieving our fortunes.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. MCCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps.

P. S. - If the remainder of General Lawler's brigade has not left Pass Cavallo, or if you should overtake it, hurry it forward.

JOHN A. MCCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp; C., Numbers 11. Camden, April 21, 1864.

I. Until further orders the transportation allowed to the command now in the field will be as follows: To each infantry regiment, two wagons; to each battery, one wagon; to each brigade headquarters, one wagon. Division commanders will regulate the transportation of their respective headquarters, using as little as absolute necessity may require. All surplus transportation will be immediately turned over to Captain C. A. Henry, chief quartermaster.

II. All horses and mules captured or seized since the commencement of the present expedition, now in possession of any officer or soldier of the army, will be at once turned over to the quartermaster of the brigade to which such officer or soldier belongs; such as are necessary and suitable for the transportation train permitted, and for the cavalry service, will be taken up by the respective brigade quartermasters and issued for such purpose. The residue will be immediately turned over to Captain C. A. Henry, chief quartermaster. Any infraction or evasion of this order will be promptly and severely punished.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

GEO. O. SOKALSKI,

First Lieutenant, Second Cavalry, and A. A. A. G.

