HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION UP WHITE RIVER,Augusta, Ark., Thursday Noon, April 21, 1864.

Colonel LIVINGSTON,

Commanding Forces at Jacksonport:

COLONEL: I am here with two veteran infantry regiments, Third Minnesota and Sixty-first Illinois, and a part of Eighth Missouri Cavalry. About 300 of Eighth Missouri Cavalry were to be at Cotton Plant this morning. I have sent a part of my force to form a junction with them, and hope for its return here at about 4 this p. m.

Learning of your presence at Jacksonport and of the enemy being near you, I propose very early in the morning to move toward Jacksonport with my available force. I wish your co-operation, and trust we may be eminently successful. I have learned that there is no bridge over Village Creek. I wish you would move down as soon as you can. Cannot we meet to-morrow noon about half way?

Very truly, yours,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Colonel Third Minnesota, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Provost-Marshal:

The general commanding directs that, in addition to the duties assigned you of establishing a provost-marshal's office in Southwestern Missouri, in accordance with general instructions from the provost-marshal-general of this department, you examine carefully into the alleged unlawful trade into Arkansas; also that you investigate carefully the character of all persons claiming privileges under the amnesty proclamation of the President, to the end that spies and enemies of the country may be prevented from availing themselves of its benefits. You will also confer with General Sanborn for the purpose of bringing to a prompt and speedy trial all persons that may be arrested. The general commanding also desires from you as early as possible a full report as to the condition of the district, and also to the trade in the Southwestern Missouri region of the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, April 21, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Pilot Knob:

I wish you to report to me, uniformly, the result of all scouts sent out from Patterson or other outposts. I have heard nothing for a week. Has any scouting party from Patterson returned from thee neighborhood of Poplar Bluff or Doniphan within that time?

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

