HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., April 21, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose General Orders, Numbers 2,* dividing this district into sub-districts, and as the headquarters of the commanders of them are at Kansas City, Warrensburg, Sedalia and Jefferson City, which are natural geographical centers on the lines of railroad, telegraph, and water communication, they form the best locations for the purpose.

I respectfully suggest that General Orders, Numbers 9, department headquarters, office of provost-marshal-general, be modified so as to reduce the number of sub-districts to four, so that they will conform to the present military subdivisions, and that the sub-district provost-marshals be stationed at military sub-district headquarters. The military sub-districts have in each a regiment of troops and the colonels are in command of both. Assistant provost-marshals will be necessary in some cases. The change of provost-marshal from Lexington, La Fayette County, to Clinton, Henry County, will not work satisfactorily to you.

La Fayette County is thickly settled and is intensely rebellious, while the counties of Ray and Carroll are in a similar situation. Lexington is a natural center for the rascality of these three, though the two last are in northern district. Henry County is sparsely populated and loyal. Bates is depopulated, and Saint Clair not much better; the inhabitants that remain in them are generally loyal. The civil courts are regularly held in Henry County, and I have not found it necessary to have an assistant provost-marshal at Clinton. If this change should meet your approbation I will recommend a change in sub-district provost-marshals in two cases and the appointment of two assistants. This arrangement would prove effective, and I think satisfactory to you, and would reduce the labor of your department at your headquarters. The order inclosed and the notations on it will more clearly indicate the recommendations to which I respectfully ask the general commanding's favorable consideration.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., April 21, 1864.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Commanding Second Sub-District:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you will order the section of Battery L, Second Artillery, Missouri Volunteers, now at Sedalia, to move without unnecessary delay to this post and report to Captain C. H. Thurber, commanding battery. The detachment that left here on the 19th instant in charge of prisoners to Saint Louis will, on their return, act as escort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Part II, p. 79.

---------------

