
MACON CITY, MO., April 21, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Report as to Jackman's whereabouts turns out to be unreliable. We are thoroughly scouring that section and hope yet to capture and kill him.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 21, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Hannibal, Mo.:

I know positively Jackman is in the bush with 15 desperadoes; comes in at night to the house of an ex-sheriff of Howard County, about 20 miles northwest of Glasgow.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Weld, April 21, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that a messenger has just arrived from Lieutenant Eayre with a verbal message to the effect that he will arrive in Denver to-morrow afternoon. He is returning for lighter transportation. The teams he has with him have given out.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. MCLAIN,

Captain, Commanding Camp.

CAMP SANBORN, April 21, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding District:

COLONEL: Arrived here Monday and immediately commenced work. Monday night a messenger arrived here stating that the Indians were committing depredations at Morrison's ranch, having driven out the occupants by threats of violence, &amp; c., and were taking all they could find on the premises; that they were Cheyennes, and that there were ten lodges near by. One hour after the messenger's arrival I had 60 men in the saddle and on the march. Found the inhabitants on our route along the Platte very much frightened, many of them stating that they had seen ten Cheyenne lodges. At about 1 o'clock the next day we reached the ranch, having marched about 55 miles, where I could not find any person who had seen any Cheyenne lodges or any other lodges near this ranch, but that 7 miles below there were several Sioux lodges, which I did not wish to disturb, as I was informed they did not countenance the depredations of the Cheyennes.

