
On the arrival of my guide and our soldiers, who preceded the command a short distance, I learned that an Indian had been seen on the hills on the north side about 7 miles distant, evidently watching the approach of the command. I immediately sent the guide with our soldiers to examine the hills, and upon their return learned that they had found a fresh trail, evidently made by about 3 or 4 Indians, and after following it several miles the guide returned and informed me that the believed they were going to the Indian camp about 30 miles distant on Dry Creek, as the trail led in that direction; that there was only one place on the creek where they could camp, and thought we could reach them by daylight the next morning; that the Indians would not expect us, knowing that we had traveled all day. Therefore, a little after 8 o'clock that night, I started for Dry Creek, and reached there about daylight. Found an old trail, but nothing fresh. Marched then toward Poll Creek and Cedar Bluffs. Found no Indian signs.

Then marched in a southwesterly direction till we reached a point almost north of Camp Sanborn, and about 20 miles from it, when, finding no trail and having no lariats, without which I could not safely let our stock graze, I took a circuitous route and reached Camp Sanborn yesterday afternoon, having marched about 140 miles, but caught no Indians. Whose fault it is that this command is without lariats is for you to determine. Everything goes to corroborate the fact that the depredators are Cheyennes. Believing now from what I have learned that these depredations have been perpetrated by the Cheyennes, and possibly a few Kiowas, as they are together in almost everything, and that the other tribes are peaceably disposed, and that this party cannot consist of more than 40 or 50 men, I have determined to divide my command and increase the chances of meeting them. I have sent Lieutenant Chase with 25 men to Murray's ranch, 7 miles below the Junction, where he can procure forage, &amp;c., and stabling, with orders to keep his command concealed, he making the march by night, and ascertain by scouts, or otherwise, if the Indians are in that vicinity; if so, to go them, reporting all that he does to me.

Intend sending to-morrow Lieutenant Dunn with 30 men to Kelly's ranch, 27 miles below, with the same orders, and then take a detachment and go into the bluffs after them myself, leaving Captain Sanborn in command of the camp. This is the only way by which I can do anything with them, or have a single chance to meet them, though with more men larger detachments could be left at the different points while I thus could pursue them in the sand hills. About 100 men more, I think, wold make it certain with pack animals, &c., as the other Indians already think the cause is assuming rather a serious aspect and that we are in earned. Most of our marched have been made at night, and when it is possible I intend they all shall be, as I think by that means we will be more likely to find them.

I have inclosed with this a list of articles actually needed to render this command efficient, which, if they are on hand, you will order the proper officers to forward immediately and oblige me.

It has been stated that the Cheyennes as a tribe discountenanced the depredations of these men. However that may be, I have as yet been unable to find any of them, and if I find any will punish them for the depredations already committed by members of their tribe, until further orders from you. I will station a messenger at the

