
Junction, from which you can telegraph me whenever you wish-Dividing my command in this manner it is actually necessary that we have another officer, as Lieutenant Dunn will not be able to make his reports, &amp;c., and be on a scout all the time, he being the only officer in Company C.

I have just learned that there are a few lodges of Cheyennes at Gerry's. Though he says they discountenance these transactions, I have, through Captain Sanborn, sent him word to notify these Cheyennet to leave immediately, as well as all others who may be on the river, as I intend punishing them for depredations committed by members of this tribe if found on the river. My object is to protect the immigration and get as many together as possible, when, if you think proper, a command can go to their village and compel them to surrender the depredators, or clean them out. Horses are greatly needed. Would you allow me to suggest the propriety of immediately obtaining a sufficient number to prepared for all emergences, as you will see by accompanying report that this command is not all mounted, though all the men are needed and horses are constantly becoming unserviceable? Captain Sanborn informs me that yesterday he sent by Messrs. Smith and Kinney a lance, arrows, pistol, &c., and that they would inform you of the origin of this trouble and corroborate the statement made by Mr. Ripley, which I understand has been contradicted.

Hoping that this will prove satisfactory, I remain, your obedient servant,

J. DOWNING,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado.

P. S.-The pack-saddles Captain Mullin let me have had no packing ropes upon them. The ropes he supposed were packing ropes were lariats attached to the neck halters. Please inform him, that others may be sent to me. There are a number of men here acting as teamsters, as all our men are needed. Will you request Captain Mullin to send down about 8 citizen teamsters; if he cannot get anything else, send negroes. We can then use them for expressmen,

&c.

J. DOWNING,

DENVER, COLO, TER., April 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel COLLINS,

Fort Laramie:

I think Cheyennes. About 60 turned up Beavere Creek. Gone to Republican. We are after them.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding District of Colorado.

CULPEPER, VA., April 22, 1864-12 m.

(Received 2.45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

You can see from General BRayman's dispatch* to me something of General Banks' disaster. I have been satisfied for the last nine months that to keep General Banks in command was to neutralize a

---------------

*See Brayman to Stanton, repeated to Grant, April 21, p. 244.

---------------

