
large force and to support it most expensively. Although I do not insist upon it, I think the best interests of service demand that General Reynolds should be placed in command at once and that he names his own successor to the command of New Orleans.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 23, 1864.

This telegram shown to the President, by order of the Secretary of War. The President replied that he must delay acting on it for the present.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., April 22, 1864.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,

Chief Quartermaster, New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: I forward a statement* of the cotton shipped by me yesterday on the steamer Duke of Argyle. There is trouble of some kind at the front. A steamer returned yesterday, but without any instructions except to report to me. Her cargo was on just as I sent her up. The captain reports that Chandler was throwing all the forage into the river when he left. Under the orders I received several days ago from headquarters I am not discharging any more boats, but am keeping the stores afloat. From the many orders I have received I have come to the decided opinion that the officers above do not know what they are about. I am trying to get A. J. Smith's fleet down over the rapids. I have one boat on the falls now and am afraid I shall lose her.

In haste,

D. N. WELCH,

Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, La., April 22, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The four regiments of infantry constituting the Second Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, now at Baton Rouge, will go to the front so soon as transportation can be furnished. These regiments have been replaced by the Second Illinois Cavalry, dismounted, Second Louisiana Cavalry, dismounted, and Eighteenth Indiana Volunteers (the latter under orders for furlough, which has long been delayed). Will detain them at Baton Rouge. The Forty-seventh Indiana and Fourteenth Maine returned veterans are here and will go forward as fast as they can be transported. Detachments of none-re-enlisting men that were detained here are returned to their regiments where it is possible to spare them. We

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

