
while, as a general officer, I protest against the arrangement which places me in a position of so much responsibility and renders me powerless by confidential instructions to a subordinate officer. I am willing and anxious, in any position, to do my whole duty to my country, but am unwilling to be controlled by officers of inferior rank.

This is virtually the case [as] I am at present situated, for the major-general commanding is so far away as not to know sufficiently of the circumstances requiring [of] me immediate action to warrant the giving of confidential instructions to a staff officer, empowering him to issue orders controlling me as a general officer, in command by the published order of the major-general commanding. General, I have written plainly and freely to you, having the highest respect for you, and hoping and believing that you will do me justice.

I am, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, April 22, 1864.

Cap. E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just received the following dispatch from Colonel Andrews:

I do not insist on being re-enforced, but to clear out the enemy effectually I would like if you would send me 200 infantry. I want a gun-boat sent to me immediately, without fail, to protect my transports, as my cavalry are all out and I cannot well spare any infantry from this post.

Thinking from the number furnished Colonel Andrews to go up the river you had plenty of men at Little Rock, perhaps you could conveniently furnish 200 more. The colonel has met no enemy yet. The gun-boat that is here is out of repair and cannot run up the river. The steamers Q. Lloyd and Celeste leave here in the morning for Jacksonport. If you desire to send re-enforcements to Colonel Andrews, if you will notify me, I will detain the boats until they reach this post.

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., April 22, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Devall's Bluff, Ark.:

It is impossible to send re-enforcements from here to Colonel Andrews. You will send 100 men from Devall's Bluff to protect his transports. It is the order of the general that Colonel Andrews return to this place by Sunday night if possible, by Monday night at the farthest. If there is a gun-boat at Devall's Bluff it must go to him. Should you be menaced by the enemy, let me know and I will support you from here.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

17 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

