
AUGUSTA, ARK., April 22, 1864.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We captured some prisoners yesterday, including one colonel. Shall move out upon McRae's forces this morning. Expect the cooperation of Colonel Livingston, and have not met with the slightest accident yet.

Respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Colonel.

LEWISBURG, ARK., April 22, 1864.

Brigadier General N. KIMBALL:

I have just returned from Prairie County, and have succeeded in organizing a company in the Upon Spring Flat and Balck Cypress settlement, of 60 citizens, enrolled their names, and elected a captain. I have a scouting party in that county, who will remain there three days. They will notify the principal citizens that they and their property will be held responsible for the lives and property of Union men. There are other companies organizing, and I think we can soon get the citizens to protect themselves from bushwhackers. We will need guns and ammunition very much to arm them. Can you send me some in addition to what I have?

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE FRONTIER, DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 24. Fort Smith, Ark., April 22, 1864.

I. All U. S. troops, independent rangers, home guards, or companies of any description, organized for home defense and operating in this district, are strictly forbidden to destroy, take away, injure, or in any manner interfere with the private property of citizens, loyal or disloyal, except in cases of extreme necessity, of which commanding officers will judge, and who will be held strictly responsible.

II. The suspicion of disloyalty does not authorize a resort to retaliation upon persons of disloyalty does not authorize a resort to retalwise aiding and abetting its enemies. Individuals will not, as such, be permitted to attempt the administrating of justice, and unauthorized notices to citizens to leave their homes within a time specified, or suffer the consequences of their omission to do so, are especially discountenanced and will be punished.

III. The commanding officer takes this occasion to testify his appreciation of the alacrity shown by citizens in organizing for the defense of their homes, and determination on their part to aid in obliterating the last vestige of rebellion in Western Arkansas. Not until this is done will law and order supersede the confusion and distress for which rebel rule is responsible.

By order of Colonel W. R. Judson:

T. J. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

