
Lieutenant Atkinson, of the same company, was killed the same night. The bushwhackers, 4 in number, did some robbing between here and Greenton last night. Amongst other things, they took between 100 and 200 pounds of flour and went in the direction of the Sni Hills. I have written to Captain Burris, informing him of their probable whereabouts or the direction they went. The robbing was done last night and not reported until this afternoon. I have ordered detachments of G and H in for inspection, after which I will send them out again, both detachments together, as I think they will be more available.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM MEREDITH,

Captain, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, April 22, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have received the following communication from the district quartermaster, viz:

SPRINGFIELD, MO., April 22, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri:

An impassion has been created that all Federal troops will be surely withdrawn from Southwest Missouri, and the citizens, farmers, &amp;c., left to their own resources for protection. The belief in such rumors at this (planting) time may work incalculable injury. Will you authorize me to contradict the statement?

R. B. OWEN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

I am informed that this impression was created by Brigadier-General Hunt, while here, by conversation with citizens and remarks made in their presence. Unless removed it will work great injury to the interests of the Government and service. Shall this impression be corrected by positive statements that the Government contemplates no such policy?

JOHN S. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT SMITH, April 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

GENERAL: The last I heard of General Steele was at Camden. A Texan just in says that General Price has crossed Red River and gone in the direction of the Gulf. He may have gone to meet Banks. Hope you information is not correct.

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo, April 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Commanding Post, Springfield, Mo.:

The general commanding directs that you detail 1 lieutenant and 25 men, with six days' rations, as many rounds of ammunition as they can carry, and best mounted men you have, and direct them to proceed immediately to Greenfield, Mo., and re-enforce Lieutenant

