
Moore, commanding at that place, to move against a band of guerrillas reported to be on Horse Creek. The dispatch herewith sent will be forwarded to Lieutenant Moore with the detachment, which should move before noon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., April 22, 1864.

Lieutenant C. S. MOORE,

Commanding, Greenfield, Mo.:

Quite a large number of bushwhackers are reported by Lieutenant Murphy, at Melville, to be camped on Horse Creek. The general commanding the district orders that you will take all your available force at Greenfield. Order Lieutenant Murphy to join you with all the available force he has at Melville. Get all the citizens you can to join you, and proceed immediately to attack and destroy, or drive out this band. The camp and garrison equipage at Greenfield and Melville will be left in charge of the citizens of the town and others who will come in, who do not wish to go on the expedition with you. The commanding officer of the post of Springfield has been ordered to send 1 lieutenant and 25 men to re-enforce you in the field as early as possible.

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, Kans., April 22, 1864.

Lieutenant JOHN FRANCIS,

Actg. Asst. Q. M., Dist. of South Kansas, Paolo, Kans.:

LIEUTENANT: The general commanding the district directs me to call your attention to the following indorsement of Major-General Curtis upon a communication from these headquarters, asking to be informed in reference to the instructions of the major-general commanding the department to commanding officers south of this district, authorizing them to give permits to persons to drive cattle out of the Indian country:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., April 19, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The general commanding has given no such authority. He has directed the quartermaster to take charge of cattle and scrutinize so as to determine what is contraband and what is not. Contraband stock should be used by Government, and what belongs to loyal Indians should be paid for. But after cattle have come through on permits of commanding officers, it would be taken for granted they are properly bought of loyal persons.

By order of Major-General Curtis:

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

