HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Omaha, Nebr. Ter., April 22, 1864.

Captain JOHN WILCOX,

Seventh Iowa Cav., Commanding Post, Dakota City, Nebr. Ter.:

Your communication of the 21st instant, concerning the murder of Doctor Bentz and apprehended Indian difficulties, has been laid before the general commanding. He does not consider that the circumstances attending the murder of Doctor Bentz, as stated by you, are indicative of any intention of the Indians to commenced depredations and outrages; in fact, there seems to be nothing that would indicate that the Indians had anything to do with the murder.

You will, of course, investigate that the deed was perpetrated by Indians, measures must be taken for their punishment and for the prevention of further outrages by them. Keep the general commanding fully and promptly advised of any movements or language of the Indians that my indicate hostile intentions on their part.

The general commanding directs that in sending departchments to various points care must be taken that the several detachments be sufficiently strong and be in proper communication with each other to prevent any of them from being overpowered in any probable emergency. Company A, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, has been ordered to-day to proceed to your post. The company is now at Brownsville.

I am, captain, your very obedient servant,

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DENVER, COLO. TER., April 22, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District, Central City, Colo. Ter.:

Eayre returned after light transportation. That sent with him was worn out before leaving Denver. States he needs no more men. Knows where Indians are. Can reach them if supplied with requisite transportation.

GEO. H. STILWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., April 22, 1864.

Lieutenant GEORGE H., STILWELL,

A. A. A. G., District of Colorado, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: I have this day received news from Captain D. L. Hardy, commanding scouting party in pursuit of the Cheyenne Indians. He was successful in obtaining the stock from the Indians, with the exception of 3 mules, which are with a band now on the Smoky Hill. The Indians were very much alarmed and appeared to be very anxious to keep on good terms with the whites. I apprehend no trouble with them in this vicinity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL H. COOK,

Captain, First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.

