
Minnesota Volunteers has been for the present suspended, it is not the intention of the brigadier-general commanding to retain detachments at all the posts along the line during the entire season. If raids are attempted by the hostile Indians they will occur probably early in the season, and as the operations marked out will require the greater part of the force now in the district to be employed either in the field or in the establishment of new posts, you will please bear in mind that the arrangements made for the outposts are but temporary in their character. You will please instruct the officer in command at Fort Ridgely and Mankato to make frequent reports of the stage of the water in the Minnesota River, at the respective points, to these headquarters. Such information is very important in determining the time for sending up supplies for the expedition, &amp;c. You are authorized to make such changes in the position of detachments as you suggest, that do not involve any additional expense to the Government.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., April 22, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I have received your dispatch of 10th instant. I supposed it was understood between us that you were to furnish packsaddles for all the mules that might be required, consequently I have made no requisitions for that article, and you will have to furnish them. I telegraphed you I would send 400 mules and perhaps more. I have to-day received enough horses to mount Brackett's battalion, but some time will be required to shoe them, and the arms and equipments have not as yet arrived, but are en route. I have accordingly this day issued the order for the march of the battalion from Fort Snelling on May 2 for Sioux City. If not detained by unforeseen obstacles, the command should reach the latter point on 15th or 16th of that month. The Minnesota River is low and falling, and I fear embarrassment and delay in getting my supplies to the point of departure, but I shall strain every nerve to have the main column off by the 1st June, or as soon thereafter as possible. The spring has been backward here, the ice having gone out of Lake Pepin much later that usual.

The information I have you in my letter of the 3rd instant was based entirely upon the reports of Indians who had come from the Missouri Coteau. I have scouts out on the upper James River, from whom I except a report very soon which can be relieved on, and which, when received, I will communicate to you. I have telegraphed you to-day to know whether or not Bordache Creek is the same as laid down in Warren's map as Bourbeuse River, near Little Soldier's Village. I cannot find a map which has the former marked upon it, and it is of course highly necessary to be as precise as possible as tot he point of junction of our respective forces.

It is understood, I believe between us that all of the force that will be dispatched from this district to join you is to be returned at

