
[Indorsement.]

APRIL 28, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, April 14, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Mil. Div. of the Miss., Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 3rd of April was delivered to me by General Corse. My command reached Alexandria a few days after its occupation by Admiral Porter and General Smith. We were at Grand Ecore at the same time. The troops moving up the river had the advantage of those moving by land. The unparalleled low stage of water in the river has retarded very greatly our operations, and the thirty days that I specified as the time in which I hoped to reach Shreveport will not be sufficient for that purpose. The enemy is very strong, his army being not less than 25,000 men, many of them the best troops in the rebel service. His purpose is to resist our progress from this point on, but this will not defeat the object in view, but makes more time necessary. The withdrawal of General Smith's force at this time will places the army at the mercy of the enemy if it is not immediately withdrawn. The fleet of gun-boats and transports cannot by any possibility leave the upper river, as they cannot pass the bar at Alexandria. The division of our forces at this time thus sacrifices not only the objects of the expedition, but the army and the navy.

I cannot conceive that your order would have been given had you known the circumstances, and therefore I have been compelled to say to General Smith that I could not approve it at this moment. All the officers of the army agree with me in this conclusion, and the admiral having in charge the fleet of gun-boats and transports says that it is impossible that he should be withdrawn. I think that both General Smith and General Corse will agree as to the consequences of a division of the army at this time. As soon as it is in our power your wishes shall be complied with. We have had two pitched battles with the enemy. In the first he was finally worsted, although, by the criminal carelessness of the advance guard in moving up all its trains and surplus artillery to the very line of the enemy, the commencement of the first day was against us. The second day we had a terrific fight with the full strength of the forces and beat the enemy thoroughly, driving him back with very great loss.

General Mouton was killed, and 2 other officers commanding brigades. We think the losses of the enemy, including dead, wounded, and prisoners, not less than 5,000. General Green was killed by the fire of the gun-boats on the 12th; he was the ablest officer in their service. Our affairs are in an entirely satisfactory condition, except that, from the low stage of the water and the unexpected strength of the enemy, we required more time than we had anticipated.

Believing you will consider favorably this representation of facts,

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

