
NASHVILLE, TENN., April 23, 1864.

General KIMBALL,

Little Rock:

Get a message through to General Steele that Banks met a repulse above Natchitoches, and that on the 14th instant he, with Admiral Porter, was at Grand Ecore, and that General A. J. Smith will remain until a better result is had in that quarter.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C.,Camden, Ark., April 23, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: Your by Captain Dunham was received this morning. We have been receiving yesterday and to-day rumors of re-enforcements sent by Kirby Smith to Price at this point, and of a contemplated attack. It is said that 8,000 infantry have arrived at Price's camp, about 16 miles from here. They have received re-enforcement, undoubtedly-what number I cannot judge from my information. Price had from 10,000 to 12,000 before, a large portion of it cavalry, or mounted infantry and cavalry. They have just opened upon my outposts with artillery. This may be to get as near our line as possible to-night preparatory to a general attack to-morrow morning. The rebels are said to be very much encouraged by an order of General E. K. Smith, detailing his success against your command. They also captured a large forage train sent out from here, with two 6-pounders and two mountain howitzers, spiked. The escort was about 1,300, the majority negroes. I desire to co-operate with you in the best manner possible, at the same time covering Arkansas until Shreveport shall be ours.

The present prospect is that I shall have my hands full to manage Price. We have a strong position here. The rebels have fortified it for us. I have sent to Little Rock for all the troops that can be spared, and as soon as I can develop their strength I shall test their mettle if they do not withdraw from their present position. It is my opinion that the line of the Washita should be secured, and that if there are any gun-boats unemployed on Red River they should be sent up this river. The river is now navigable to this place for large-class boats, and if we could get supplies to within 50 miles of here, with the Washita to protect our flank while there is not water enough for the gun-boats, it would be of great assistance to us. To enable us to move from here we must have supplies; those of the country are nearly exhausted. But supplies or no supplies I will not let Price get out of his present position for the purpose of going to Shreveport. Owing to contingencies, which Captain Dunham will explain to you, it is impossible for me to say definitely that I will join you at any point on Red Rivere within a given time.

If you had moved up the Washita you would have left Louisiana uncovered. If I should move down the Washita, and then across to Red, I should leave Arkansas and Missouri in the same situation. If

