
our respective forces were strong enough for us both to move direct on Shreveport this would to a considerable extent be avoided. But, as I have already intimated, there may now be a superior force in front of me. At all events re-enforcements might be added which would overwhelm my command, without any possibility of assistance from you while we are moving on lines so wide apart. I have said nothing about the question of forage. During our march between here and Arkadelphia we have been obliged to send from 5 to 15 miles off the road to procure a scant supply, and it is doubtful whether our stock will hold out much longer.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

(Received April 29, at 12 m., at Alexandria, by Captain D.)

ALEXANDRIA, LA., April 23, 1864.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,

Chief Q. M., Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: The steamer Superior arrived yesterday, having been fired into 25 miles below here, killing 2 and wounding 11 soldiers on board. The Belle Creole, which arrived soon after, was also fired into, but received no damage. The army left Grand Ecorre night before last after destroying the surplus property, and I expect the advance will be in here by to-morrow night. All of the up-river boats arrived above the rapids last nigh, and I am now at work get-ting them over the falls s fast as possible. I succeeded in getting eleven over to-day after taking off their stores. I had accumulated and warehousing. I have in port to-day twenty-six boats below the rapids and thirteen above. I am in hopes that I shall be able to save all the boats above, but may possibly lose the John Warner and Meteor, as they are very long.

The only boat lost yet is the Hastings, she having struck a snag and tore out her bottom. My orders are now to keep the stores afloat, which will account for not discharging and returning the boats to you. The commissary must have now 400,000 rations afloat and in warehouses. I have hired a falls pilot, who has not as yet failed once in bringing over a boat, and I would like authority to pay him more than the customary pierce, as the heats rendered very valuable services. The navy have turned over to me a barge of coal, which leaves me (with the amount sent up on the Kate Dale) with about 12,000 bushels. If the army remains here more will be required soon. I would advise that the Kate Dale be not sent up again, as she draws too much water. I have about 300 cords of thing has the appearance of a failure in the object of the expedition, provided it had one.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. WELCH,

Assistant Quartermaster.

