HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Alexandria, La., April 23, 1864.

Captain WELCH,

Depot Quartermaster:

Mr. Butler is going to ship the most of Governor Well's cotton on his boats under permission from General Banks. I wish you would give Governor Wells the first opportunity for shipping what Mr. Buther cannot take.

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Mr. Butler has also permission to ship on his boats his cotton which is now in town, or what may come in for him.

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 88. Str. Emma, New Orleans, La., April 23, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. For the purpose of avoiding accidents and insuring certainty, regularity, and dispatch in the movements of the transports bearing the detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps en route to their destination on Red River, the following instructions will be strictly observed:

1. The steamer Emma, bearing the major-general commanding the Thirteenth Army Corps, is designated as the flag vessel and will lead the advance. The steamers Starlight, Polar Star, John H. Groesbeck, and Universe will follow in the order named, at intervals of 100 yards.

2. The fleet will start from New Orleans and other landings, falling into line as above prescribed, upon the signal of three guns from the flag vessel while standing out in the river, and will come to a landing as near the flag vessel as possible on a signal of one gun from that vessel.

3. The troops on each transport will be held in constant readiness to repel any attack that may be made.

4. The ranking officer on each transport will assume command of it, and will be held strictly responsible for any violation or neglect of this order.

5. The entire transportation will be under the general direction of Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Hatch, chief quartermaster Thirteenth Army Corps.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClernand:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

New Orleans, La., April 23, 1864.

Colonel SLACK,

Commanding Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry:

It is desirable that so much of your command as can be embarked on the Starlight should take their place on that boat in the fleet upon the appointed signal, which is the firing of three guns from the flatboat Emma. The remainder of your command and of the Thirty-

