
PILOT KNOB, April 23, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Actin Assistant Adjutant-General:

Think it would be a good idea to put one or two companies of infantry at Patterson, but I have not got them to spare. If I had the two companies of my regiment now at Benton Barracks, I would place two companies down there and withdraw some cavalry. Have just gotten news from Centreville that Reves has ordered all his force to concentrate on Buffalo Creek, 25 miles south of Horse Fork of Currant River. Have instructed Major Wilson to be on the lookout for him.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., April 23, 1864.

Captain R. B. OWEN,

Assistant Quartermaster:

The inclosed dispatch* just been received General Rosecrans. You are authorized to contradict the report circulated upon the steed yesterday evening in regard to the withdraw of troops from this district. You can inform all Federal officers that they are authorized to contradict the report.

By direction of the general commanding:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Gibson, C. N., April 23, 1864.

Captain KAUFMAN,

Commanding Detachments:

SIR: I have already sent two dispatches to you; one of them has been brought back from Shields, the other may have reached you. I ordered you then, as I do now, to come in as rapid as possible. Quantrill has been driven back across the Arkansas River. He has from 60 to 80 men. Colonel Adair, who came with him, has been driven across the Illinois River above Tahlequah, and will, I hope, be taken. The Illinois, Grand River, and all the creeks are rising. Colonel Adair had 325 men. Watie with 300 is 10 miles from Boggy Depot on the Fort Smith road. Some Texans at Boggy. No large force there. As the rivers are rising you will see the propriety of returning speedily. If necessary, make raft. Let none of your command straggle, as Quantrill is around. Send a dispatch.

By order of Colonel William A. Phillips, commanding:

WM. GALLAHER,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

