
Emerson was wounded and fell into the hands of the enemy. Colonel Fessended, son of Senatro Fessended, commanded the Thirtieth Maine Regiment, and apprehension is felt here that he is the person alluded to as Colonel Emerson. You will please make diligent inquiry, and report immediately whether Colonel Fessenden, of the Thirtieth Maine, is the person alluded to or not, and also all that can be ascertained respecting him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Send same message to Honorable B. F. Wade and D. S. Gooch, Cairo.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Nashville, Tenn., April 24, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, Red River:

GENERAL: I had the honor to receive yesterday at the hands of General Corse your letter of April 14th, from Grand Ecore, and was glad to hear the specific account of your affairs up Red River. We had become quite anxious, from confused and conflicting accounts sent by the busy correspondents who always exaggerate accounts, good or bad. I was and am disappointed, as I do sadly need that command of General A. J. Smith, but I see that you could not spare them at the moment. I hope you pushed on at once, as otherwise the enemy must surely have availed themselves of the tempting opportunity to fall on Steele. We have no later dates of any of our Red River forces than those brought by General Corse. I had a message from General Grant last night, and we must all soon pitch in, and for weal or woe battles must ensue more bloody than any which have characterized this war. I hope you will soon finish up that job and turn your attention to another more important work, but you are so far away that I can make no calculation upon your forces.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

Nashville, Tenn., April 24, 1864.

Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron, Red River:

DEAR ADMIRAL: I received your valuable letter by General Corse, and felt sadly disappointed at the result. All things moved so well on time as far as Alexandria that I was in hopes the sequel would be of the same kind. General Corse describes that after the enemy was checked and then worsted night set in and both armies withdrew, but ours came back 40 miles. We cannot claim that as victory. I hope, however, that you all pushed on, for otherwise the enemy must have turned on Steele. I feel very unready and await accounts with painful solicitude. We are too far off and too intent on our own game to send forces to Red River. Indeed, I do think all our calculations were well made and the combined forces were ample to walk over all opposition.

