
I have not hear of Steele since he went to Camden, and I fear he directed his course straight on Shreveport, though prudence would have dictated his feeling toward Alexandria or Natchitoches. It does appear that the movement was too slow. The 17th was the day appointed to meet at Alexandria, and the 14th of April found the main army at Grand Ecore. I think I could have made better time, but that is none of my business, although I do lose the services of 10,000 of my best men in the campaign over here. I am glad you are pleased with Generals Smith and Mower. Though I want both, I cannot call for them as long as their associates are in danger.

It cannot now be long before both Grant's army in Virginia and mine at Chattanooga move forward. We are already in contact; our pickets are in sight of each other, so that battle will not long be delayed. I have my old opponent, and only ask him to stand and not draw me too far away from my supplies. A small army can feed on the country by scattering, but a large one cannot. But there is no use in delaying, and the issue is made. I shall go down to Chattanooga by May 1. I will write to Captain Shirk to keep a bright lookout up the Tennessee that Forrest don't cross and cut my roads when I am in Georgia.

Present my compliments to all.

Your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Nashville, Tenn., April 24, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Department on Red River:

DEAR GENERAL: General Corse has returned. He bought no letter from you, but gave good accounts of you and your troops. I had hoped from the rapid work you did up to Alexandria that the whole expedition would go on like manner. I want your command, but, of course, you could not leave under the circumstances by which you were surrounded on the 14th of April. General Corse says that in the second day's fight at Pleasant Hill the enemy were beaten and were retreating. I cannot understand why or army retraced its steps to Grand Ecore when it was so important in time, in distance, more especially as Steele was known so important in time, in distance, more especially as Steele was known to be approaching from the north. But all will be explained in time. I have simply ordered that when you do come out of Red River that Mower's division remain at Memphis, and yours come round by Cairo and up the Tennessee to Clifton, and thence across to Decatur. But as time and circumstances may change I will have orders meet you at Memphis. General McPherson now commands the department, and all our attention is engaged in the awful responsibilities that rest on us here. General Grant has ordered that Steele command on Red River, and he must order things according to the result of your expedition. I was in hopes it would have been made more rapidly, so that those troops could have taken part with us in the events soon to transpire. You will as soon as you can possibly be spared come to Memphis, where orders will meet you.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

