
impossible for me to give you any instructions from here, without the knowledge of events since April 14. All I can now say is that if Shreveport has been taken and destroyed, all you should attempt is to garrison Alexandria, in connection with the gun-boats, and strengthen your line on the Arkansas. Smith's command is needed at Memphis and here as soon as it can possibly be spared. Your command has been extended over the Indian Territory and General Blunt is sent back to Kansas. I have repeatedly urged that all the territory west of the Mississippi be united in one command, embracing, of course, Kansas and Missouri, so that the officer may control all the resources of that region. I have no means of knowing what troops are in Missouri, Kansas, the Indian Territory, or even Arkansas, my returns are so incomplete. All these should be under one commander, but as it is you must do the best you can with the resources at your command. All our armies are much weaker than the public suppose, and the veterans return slowly, protracting their leaves too long. Write me more fully and frequently.

I am, with respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., April 24, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of Arkansas:

MAJOR: Colonel C. C. Andrews is at Devall's Bluff with 800 men awaiting transportation. I respectfully ask that the chief quartermaster furnish the transportation, that the force under Colonel Andrews may be brought to this place at once.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, April 24, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,

Commanding, Devall's Bluff:

COLONEL: Have you forwarded the message to Colonel Andrews to return to this place without delay? If not, you will do so at once. Troops here are ordered to Camden, and it is necessary for Colonel Andrews' forces to return without delay.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, April 24, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

SIR: I respectfully recommend that the military telegraph line be extended to New Madrid, either from Cape Girardeau or bloomfield, as shall be found best. I understand the poles are standing

