
on the old line from Bloomfield, and that part of the insulators and wire remain. Captain Smith, superintendent of construction, informs me that he has a working party which he can put on the line at once.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE OF ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Louisiana, Mo., April 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

DEAR SIR: There are now 3 horse-thieves confined in the Bowling Green jail in this county, 2 of whom are the worst bushwhackers and thieves that Missouri has ever produced, and of course they have their friends, who will use every exertion in their power to release them. They have already made an attempt to let the scoundrels out, but the citizens were on the lookout and made them skedaddle; but the the citizens are not prepared to keep any force from coming in, and the occurrence at Hunnewell the other day has rather scared them up, and Mr. Steel, the sheriff of Pike County, has just suggested the propriety of having at least a part of a company of soldiers stationed there, if not a whole one. If you could send a lieutenant and 25 men there I am confident it would be of great benefit. I hope you will devise some means of assistance for the people of Bowling Green.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFF. A. MAYHALL,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper:*

* * * * *

I have just seen Admiral Porter's dispatch, dated Grand Ecore, April 14, to the Navy Department. He says, whatever may be said, the army there has met with a great defeat and is much demoralized. He speaks in strong terms of Banks' mismanagement and of the good conduct of A. J. Smith and his corps. He fears that if Smith is withdrawn Banks will retreat still farther, and Steele's command and the gun-boats above the rapids (which from fall of water cannot be withdrawn) will be greatly periled if not lost. He says Banks' army was ten days behind the appointed time. He protests against the withdrawal of Smith at this time, as it would be fatal to us. The Navy Department asks to know this in order to telegraph instructions to Cairo for Admiral Porter. What shall I reply?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*For portion of this dispatch (here omitted) see Vol. XXXII, Part III, p. 489.

---------------

