
CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 25, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 8.52 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

A. J. Smith will have to stay with General Banks until the gun-boats are out of their difficulty. General Banks ought to be ordered to New Orleans and have all further execution on Red River in other hands. I have just received two private letters, one from New Orleans, and one (anonymous) from the Thirteenth Corps, giving deplorable accounts of General Banks' mismanagement. His own report and these letters clearly show all his disasters to be attributable to his incompetency. Send troops for General Sherman where he wants them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Culpeper, Va., April 25, 1864-8.30 p. m.

(Received 9.45 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

I would send orders to General Steele to return to Little Rock; to General Banks to return himself immediately to New Orleans and make preparations to carry out his previous instructions the moment his troops returned; to place the senior officer under himself in command of the troops in the field, with instructions to see the gun-boats safely out of Red River as soon as possible, and then return all the troops rapidly to where they belong. If before receiving these instructions he has taken Shreveport, then to leave General Steele and the navy in charge of the river, giving General Steele, if necessary, all of Smith's troops.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cotile, April 25, 1864.

Rear-Admiral PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: Arrived at this point last night. General Banks and army are on the march to Alexandria; we brought up the rear and skirmished all the way. General Banks fought at the crossing of Cane River; not much loss on either side; our fight in the rear was sharp. General A. J. Smith's command is ordered peremptorily to Alexandria. Troops are now on the march. You will find the enemy some 2,000 strong on the opposite side; their artillery does not amount to much; what they have we have crippled badly. Will communicate more fully from Alexandria by the gun-boats Osage and Pittsburg, unless they get off before we arrive. General Smith and I both protest at being hurried away. I feel as if we were shamefully deserting you. If I had the power I would march my troops back to Calhoun, or wherever you might need us, if at all. I will try and get a communication to you from General A. J. Smith.

Most respectfully, truly, yours,

THOMAS KILBY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

