SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., Numbers 85. Little Rock, Ark., April 25, 1864.

* * * * *

IX. Brigadier General Joseph R. West, U. S. Volunteers, will relieve Brigadier General Nathan Kimball in the command of the troops along and north of the line of the Arkansas River.

X. Brigadier General Nathan Kimball, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of Arkansas, and will report without flay to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 25, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, Major-General Blunt continuing to interfere with affairs in this department, and so much so as to endanger the safety of the troops in the District of the Frontier, I forwarded a dispatch to Major-General Halleck, complaining of Blunt's conduct, &c., and have received an answer from Colonel E. D. Townsend, a copy of which is herewith transmitted.* You will see by it that all of the Fort Smith command is attached to your department, and Major-General Blunt ordered away.

The Ninth Kansas has not as yet reported. I don't know where they are; when last heard from they were at Fort Scott, Kans. As soon as it can be ascertained where they are, they will be ordered here in compliance with your instructions.

The Third Wisconsin are here, and are remustered as veterans. They will go home in a day or so. I wish to send the prisoners of war now confined here to the North. There are over 500 now on hand. We have had much trouble in getting horses and mules to move trains and batteries; all has been done that could be to get the trains organized. Colonel Andrews returned with his command last night; he had no battle. The rebels fled across Cache River, and into swamps. Andrews brought in several prisoners, one colonel, and several other officers, among them a bearer of dispatches from General Price. I send you the dispatches. Captain Hand, of Fourth Arkansas, to-day arrested, as the says, a spy, and had him shot. The shooting was done inside the lines, and in sight of camp, and being a very great outrage, I have the captain and men arrested and placed in confinement.

Colonel Livingston, commanding District of Northeastern Arkansas, has been compelled to move his command to Jacksonport, that he may be the better enabled to subsist men and horses, as it is impossible to get forage at Batesville, and very uncertain as to subsistence. I approve the move. He was attacked at Jacksonport by McRae's force on the 22nd, but repulsed him, killing several, among whom was Colonel Love, of Freeman's command. Our loss was 2 wounded.

The forces at posts above maintain their position; but guerrillas

---------------

*Inclosure was copy of General Orders, Numbers 164, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, April 17, 1864, p. 196.

---------------

