
are numerous and give them a great deal of trouble. It is almost impossible to keep the telegraph communication up between Clarksville and Fort Smith. It has been down for some time, though I now have a force at work, and hope to soon have the communication perfect.

Major-General Hurlbut has been relieved of the command of the Sixteenth Army Corps. General Wahsburn is assigned to the command. The massacre of our troops at Fort Pillow is one of the most damnable outrages on record. Officers and men murdered after surrender; negroes buried alive, and officers burned. The Tenth Illinois arrived last night, without arms and without horses. I have deemed it improper to send them forward on his account. We have now exhausted every team and wagon to supply you; you will either have to send them back, or we must get a new supply from the North, or we cannot send you another train.

The dispatches I send you from General Price will give you comfort. "Pap" thinks you will be used up. I fear General Banks has gained but a barren victory. I hope, general, that success may continue to attend you; that you may be completely victorious over the enemy in every engagement, and that your life and health may be spared. Compliments to Generals Thayer and Rice. God bless you all.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 25, 1864.

Colonel FULLER,

Commanding, Dardanelle, Ark.:

COLONEL: I desire that you again send assistance to Clarksville, and that a force sufficient be kept on the line between Clarksville and Van Buren to keep the telegraph line in repair. This is of the utmost importance.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF N. E. ARK. AND POST JACKSONPORT,April 25, 1864.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report: On the departure of Colonel R. R. Livingston, commanding district, with a portion of his command, on the morning of the 22nd instant, in pursuit of the enemy, being myself the ranking officer remaining at these headquarters and in command of the Eleventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, per order Colonel William D. Wood, I assumed command of the post and immediately ascertained the number of effective officers and men under my command, which was as follows: Of the First Nebraska Cavalry, 42 privates for duty, 4 non-commissioned officers (dismounted), 79 guard on duty and sick roll, in emergency,

