
effective; 2 commissioned officers; 127 total. Of the Eleventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, 125 non-commissioned officers and privates, 24 picket guard, non-commissioned officers and privates; 5 commissioned officers on duty (dismounted), except 12 men; 154 total. The center section, Company D, Second Missouri Artillery, 28 men, 1 commissioned officer; 29 total, with two pieces of ordnance, making an aggregate of 310 officers and men, a force which we considered sufficient to guard and protect the post.

Under the circumstances I immediately ordered my entire command to be in constant readiness, armed and equipped with sufficient ammunition, which order was promptly obeyed. I also caused the most valuable property of the Eleventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, to be moved into a earehouse in town and placed a guard over it. I also caused the usual guard at the post quartermaster's commissary stores, and headquarters to guard will their respective posts.

We remained quiet and undisturbed until the afternoon of the 24th instant, when I received information which caused me to sound "to arms," and hold all my command under arms during the most of the afternoon; at the same time directed the teams to be in readiness at the sound of alarm to move into town, where we expected the attack, if any, to be located.

On the evening of the 23rd instant, Captain L. B. Brown returned from near Batesville with his command and fifteen loaded teams, which numbered, officers and men, mounted, about 70. I ordered him, with his command, to report as soon as practicable to Colonel William D. Wood, in the field. Captain Brown, with a lieutenant and 60 men, left camp early on the morning of the 24th instant, in obedience to orders for that purpose. The balance of his command were reserved for other duty. Captain Brown brought me the intelligence that he had not sufficient transportation with him to bring all the goods left on the banks of White River, near Batesville, by the steamer on her downward trip, and had requested Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens, Eleventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, on command of the post at Batesville, to send a sufficient guard to protect the goods until teams could be sent from this spot for them.

I, as soon as practicable, on the 24th instant ordered 20 dismounted me of the Fist Nebraska Cavalry, and 20 mounded men of the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, with ten teams, to go after the goods. They started, and were partly across the Black River at the time of the aforesaid alarm, when I considered it unsafe to continue the journey, and ordered their return, which was promptly obeyed. All the officers and men of the command promptly obeyed all orders, and in fact were all anxious to show what the command were able to do should the post be attacked. All the sick and lame came halting an limping into the ranks, eager for a fight. I have further to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, that on the 22nd and 23rd instant I did not allow any person whatever to pass out of town. On the 24th instant a few loyal persons were allowed to pass the pickets. On same date arrested and confined one man who came into camp under suspicious circumstances. He has since been discharged from arrest.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

L. W. BROWN,

Major Eleventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers.

