HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 25, 1864.

J. M. HIATT,

Keokuk, Iowa:

You will proceed immediately to Clark County, Mo., and exert yourself to prevent a threatened collision between the Seventh Missouri, or any other troops, and the citizens of that county.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, April 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HERDER,

Cape Girardeau:

I telegraphed Colonel Rogers on the 23rd that the order had been revoked, and asked him to inform you that you would remain at Cape Girardeau until further orders.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Warrensburg, April 25, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the night of the 20th instant 2 notorious bushwhackers, by the names of Wilhite and Wilson, broke into the house of Charles Ewing, who resided 8 miles southwest of Lexington, and, when ascending the stairs, was met by Ewing with a double-barreled shotgun, who fired upon them, but his wife, in her great anxiety to prevent the shooting of her husband, sprang in front of him, having an infant child in her arms. This deranged Ewing's aim, who missed the villains and shot off the foot of the child, the charge passing through his wife's dress, he receiving at the same instant a wound through the body that will probably be fatal.

Ewing was at one time in the rebel army, because satisfied of his errors,, and has been since universally respected by the loyal citizens for the conscientious, earnest manner that he has kept his oath of allegiance to the Government. He is a man of tried courage and integrity. It is supposed that the special reason of this attack was that Ewing had been very active in organizing a company of citizen guards, to which he had been elected captain. This, with his character and the unfortunate maiming (if not killing) his own child, has caused an intensity of feeling much greater than is usual with the citizens when a murder is committed by these villains.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

