
HICKMAN MILLS, MO., April 25, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN:

SIR: By order of Colonel James H. Ford, pursuant to your instructions, the company of Enrolled Missouri Militia at this place has been disbanded and a new company organization made; the result is that we are deprived of the assistance and abilities of the only man that has the ability and influence necessary to our protection here. To illustrate, on the 12th of March last some $500 worth of mules and cattle were stolen from the neighborhood of Little Sant Fe, partly from members of our company. Captain Axline was absent at the time, but returned on the night of the 15th. Early next morning, on learning of the loss, he requested me to go with him to see Captain Hall. Getting as escort from him we proceeded to Little Santa Fe, there dismissing the escort obtained at this place; the captain procured another from Captain Allen, of the Eleventh Kansas, followed in pursuit, and at the end of three days returned with the stock and thieves, having overtaken the stock and arrested the thieves at the distance of 65 miles from the line in the State of Kansas. They were turned over to Captain Allen and the stock delivered to the proper owners.

It is admitted here by all the citizens that we have no man that we can put in his place that has the confidence and respect of the Kansas troops in such a degree as will insure their assistance and co-operation in affairs of this kind; he has manifested a disposition in many other instances to protect our property while in command of the company which I have not space to mention, and further, his influence with the soldiers stationed here was such that while on duty private property was respected and no petty thefts were committed, which I am sorry to say has not been the case since. Our organization as it now stands is composed of men, rank and file, who have been living here during the war without taking up arms in favor of the Government, though a few of them have been in arms against it; and now turning out of the company the only radically loyal man we had in it, a man, too, who has never shrank from responsibility, and place in his stead men without either military experience, ability, or inclination to oppose the enemy by force of arms, appears to have destroyed our respect at home and abroad.

In addition to the above, the muster-in rolls of Lieutenant Axline's company have been returned executed by order of Major-General Schofield, and the organization placed upon a basis that appears to give satisfaction of the company-at least the truly loyal portion of it. I therefore very respectfully ask you to rescind the instructions given to Colonel Ford to disband the company organized by Major-General Schofield at this station, and petition you to retain Lieutenant Axline in command of the same. I was orderly sergeant in the old organization, and hold the same position in the new one. I do not, therefore, make this request through any selfish motive of my own, but for the general good and safety of all. In regard to Lieutenant Axline's ability, integrity, and loyalty, Captain T. S. Case, of your staff, can give you all the information you desire. By complying with the above request you will confer a lasting favor (as I fully believe) on the company.

Very respectfully, your obedient and humble servant,

JAMES H. J. HARRIS.

