
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Warrensburg, April 28, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel James H. Ford, commanding Fourth Sub-District, for his information and for report.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, April 25, 1864.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Sedalia:

COLONEL: Major-General Rosecrans communicates the following from Clarksville, Ark., by telegraph:

Colonels Jackman, Dorsey, and Parker passed here (Clarksville) with 112 men, mostly recruiting officers, going north into Missouri. They intend to pass all posts quietly.

You will immediately relieve your command of all unnecessary baggage, all camp and garrison equipage, except one tent for the officers of each company, and make requisitions for shelter-tents for the troops. Advise the commanding officers of citizen guards of this movement, and secure their co-operation. If possible, we must crush this movement before it gains a head.

Colonels Hall and McFerran have received similar instructions, and are directed to co-operate with you.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, MO., April 25, 1864.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Commanding Second Sub-District. of Central Mo., Sedalia, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the capture and execution of a bushwhacker at this place on the 24th instant. The particulars as follows: On the morning of the 23rd instant, being informed that a bushwhacker was in the neighborhood, I immediately sent out my men in every direction, and, with the aid of the citizen guards, succeeded in capturing him late in the evening, and, at 9 o'clock on the morning of the 24th instant, I had him shot and decently buried.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. BOX,

Captain Company H, Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

[Indorsement.,]
HDQRS. SECOND SUB-DISTRICT., DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Sedalia, April 27, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General E. B. Brown, commanding District of Central Missouri, for his information.

This man Johnson stole a horse and hat from a Mr. Higgins on Flat Creek, 6 miles south of this place, and was pursued by citizens and soldiers sent out from here, and was captured by Captain Box.

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-District.

