
BROWNSVILLE, MO., April 25, 1864.

[Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS:]

COLONEL: I herewith send you the statement of the bushwhacker that I had shot on the morning of the 24th instant, in his own words, as follows:

I spent the summer and fall of 1863, from June 1 to December 7, 1863, in Platte, Clay, and buchanan Counties. I was with the rebel Cols. John Callhous Thornton and John H. Winston (both of Platte County). At some times there were only two or three of us together, at other times there was a considerable company of us together. On the 7th of December, I, in company with 6 other men, started south, went to Arkansas (not thinking it safe for us to remain in Missouri through the winter). In the latter part of March I started back to Missouri in company with 4 other men, 2 of whom stopped in Texas County, Mo.; the others came with me to this side of Osage River and crossed the Osage River, above the mouth of Linn Creek, on the 19th instant. On the 20th we came in contact with some Federal soldiers, and I think the 2 men that were with me were killed or captured. I was making my way back to Platte County, expecting to rejoin Colonels Thornton and Winston, if there, and spend the coming summer as I did the last. I don't belong to the Confederate Army, nor have not since August 1, 1862. I have never taken the oath, nor ever intended to submit to the Federal authorities if I could help it.

My name is James A. Johnson.

The above are the important points of his statement.

Your obedient servant,

R. M. BOX,

Captain Company H, Seventh Cavalry, M. S. M.

WARRENSBURG, April 25, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Jefferson City:

COLONEL: The commanding general has received a dispatch from Major-General Rosecrans that Colonels Jackman, Dorsey, and Parker passed Clarksville, going north, with 112 men, mostly recruiting officers, who are coming into Missouri to recruit. He directs that your command be distributed and the line of the Osage occupied. Except one tent for the officers of each company, and necessary cooking utensils, axes, &amp;c., all tents and camp and garrison equipage will be sent to Jefferson City. You will immediately draw shelter-tents for your regiment. He also directs me to say that you will please encourage the organization of citizen guards. You can rely on the co-operation of Colonel Philips, who receive similar instructions, and is directed to act with you in making the country warm for this emeute.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 25, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

To what rumors from Red River do you allude? Banks' defeat is acknowledged, fully confirmed, but no very serious disaster. Have you heard anything with regard to Steele?

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

