HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., April 25, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE, A. A. G., Dept. of the Missouri:

I referred to the rumors of Banks' defeat in the papers of the 20th instant. I have got nothing definite from General Steele since the 9th. On that day he had quite a battle on the Little Missouri with General Fagan's division, and the rebels were badly whipped, and General Fagan killed.* General Steele occupied Camden on the 9th, and advanced from there on the 11th. A Texan that came into Fort Smith from the south last Saturday says that General Price has crossed Red River with his army. The above is from Fort Smith, and all that I have heard from that direction.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., April 25, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I received the following dispatch yesterday from Clarksville, viz:+

* * * * * *

These men were on King's River the last that I heard of them, and may have been driven back by Major Melton's command. About 100 guerrillas are on Cowskin, in McDonald County, and 40 have been as far north as Horse Creek, between Lamer and Stockton. Our forces are attacking and driving them daily, and thus far all have gone south, instead of north, that have been driven out. Indications point to great effort on the part of the rebels to overrun this section with bands of guerrillas; as great an effort will be made to destroy them as fast as they come in. Are the reported reverses on Red River credited at headquarters?

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., April 25, 1864.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Colonel Philips telegraphs from Fort Gibson that a force of about 200, supposed to be guerrillas, crossed Arkansas River and killed 5 persons. Colonel Philips has no cavalry to pursue, but started a company after them. He thinks they may intend a raid on Southern Kansas.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, April 25, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I telegraphed you on the 16th instant, calling your attention to erroneous impressions created by a report from your office as published in Senate Ex. Doc. 32, which stated my force at about 16,000.# Your dispatch of the 17th, turning over the Indian Territory to the

---------------

*A mistake.

---------------

+See Rosecrans to Curtis and Brown, April 25, p. 283.

#Reference is to a report of March 31, 1864, from Secretary of War, to be printed in Series III.

