
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, COLORADO TERRITORY,

Denver, April 25, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGSTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: I have application from parties in Government employ at the Point of Rocks (Upper Arkansas Indian Agency) for arms to defend themselves with against Indian hostilities. It twenty or thirty good guns with ammunition could be placed there, under such regulations as you may prescribe, it would prompted the public service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

CAMP COLLINS, COLO. TER., April 25, 1864.

Lieutenant G. H. STILWELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: In compliance with order from district headquarters, dated April 13, 1864, I left Camp Collins on the morning of the 16th, with a detachment of 25 men of B Company, and proceeded on the Laramie road to Cheyenne Pass, a distance of 75 miles; the down Lodge Pole Creek 100 miles to the Pine Bluffs. Met a great many Sioux Indians on Lodge Pole and Crow Creeks. They all appeared very friendly, and knew nothing of any troubles between the Indians and whites. I met a Mexican near the Pine Bluffs, who said a war party of 15 Cheyennes had crossed some 40 miles below, on their way to Crow Nation, some five days before. They were gong out to steal ponies. I then crossed the country to the Platte, 75 miles; thence to Camp Collins, where I arrived on the evening of the 23rd. All of the Indians I met were Sioux; they were very friendly, and say they Have no desire to make war with the whites.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. HAWKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Cav. of Colorado, Commanding Detach.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., April 25, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota:

GENERAL: I have had not further news of the action of Standing Buffalo and Sweet Corn with their bands of Sissetons. In case they complete their submission, I suggest to you that they be located somewhere on Devil's Lake, so that they will be protected from any hostility of the Yanktonis by the garrison of that post, aided if necessary by the garrison of the post near mouth of Long Lake, on the Missouri. There will be no danger from the Yanktonais anywhere in the buffalo region embraced in the great triangle made by the large posts at Devil's Lake, on James River, and on Missouri River, near mouth of Long Lake. The region included between these posts seems to have been last year, as it will be this year, the resort of the buffalo. Such seed corn, &amp;c., as the Sissetons need to open their farms at Devil's Lake can be supplied them on proper representations to these headquarters.

