
better than General Banks that I will feel safer with him commanding midst danger than the latter. I submit this, however, to the President and Secretary of War, whether the change shall be made. I am in hopes the whole problem will be solved before orders reach.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 26, 1864.

Captain DUNHAM,

General Banks' Staff, Devall's Bluff:

Colonel Clayton telegraphs that the train and troops on the way from Camden to Little Rock were undoubtedly all captured at Marks' Mill, beyond the Saline, on yesterday. It is important that General Banks should know this, as General Steele will be hard pressed for supplies and may be compelled to fall back. The trains lost at or near Camden and the one on yesterday cannot be replaced. If there is anything further please ask by telegraph.

Respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, April 26, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM PITT FESSENDEN:

Colonel Fessenden was wounded in the leg at the battle for the possession of Monett's Bluff, on Cane River, the 23rd instant. Their position was as difficult of access as Port Hudson or Vicksburg, and involved the safety of our army. He led the brigade which made the assault, and his conduct receives universal commendation. His wound is not dangerous, and he is doing remarkably well.

N. P. BANKS,Major-General, Commanding.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 27. Alexandria, La., April 26, 1864.

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General C. Grover will report with his division to Major General W. B. Franklin, commanding Nineteenth Corps. This will not interfere with his duties as commanding post at Alexandria.

* * * * *

5. Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, commanding U. S. forces at Pass Cavallo, will evacuate that place so soon as practicable, reporting with the troops under his command to Major-General McClernand, at New Orleans, La. It is essential that this movement be made with caution and dispatch. Its details are confided to Brigadier-General Roberts. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

9. Brigadier General R. Arnold, chief of artillery, Department of the Gulf, is assigned to the duties of chief of cavalry, Department of the Gulf. He will at once detail a staff officer to take charge of his office in New Orleans.

* * * * *

