
12. The First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Regiments of Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, now designated as the Ninety-fifth, Ninety-sixth, Ninety-seventh, Ninety-eighth, and Ninety-ninth U. S. Infantry (colored), will perform the duties for which they were originally organized and will be subject to the orders of the chief engineer, Department of the Gulf.

* * * * *

15. Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, will turn over his command to the senior officer present, and report with the least possible delay to the major-general commanding, at headquarters in the field.

16. Major General J. A. McClernand, having arrived at this post with a portion of his command, will resume command of the Thirteenth Army Corps, reporting direct to these headquarters. That portion of the Thirteenth Army Corps heretofore reported to Major-General Franklin will report to Major General J. A. McClernand.

17. Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, commanding U. S. forces at Pass Cavallo, will, upon his arrival at New Orleans, turn over his command to the next senior officer present, who will report with it to the major-general commanding in the field with as little delay as is possible. Brigadier-General Roberts will remain in New Orleans and await further orders from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, April 26, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Lee, recently from the front, reported to me yesterday that no more cavalry was particularly required at the front at the present moment. On inquiry to-day I find four and a half companies of Twelfth Illinois and detachment Second Maine Cavalry still here. I have countermanded the order for their movement to the front (except the half company), and will use all available transportation for the infantry now under orders and previously reported. General B. S. Roberts has sailed for Texas. If the cavalry above referred to is needed, please inform me, and it will be forwarded as soon as the infantry has been moved.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES IN WEST LA., Numbers 41. Alexandria, La., April 26, 1864.

Through inspection will at once be made of all the troops of this command, with special reference to the completeness of their outfit and preparation for the field. Reports of brigade inspectors will be promptly forwarded to the acting assistant inspector-general at these headquarters, and requisitions will be made without delay for all

