
ment is charged with the duty of escorting a train of supplies to General Steele, commanding department, at Camden. The following troops, being the major part of the force, marched from here to-day to Pine Bluff: The Sixty-second Illinois and Twelfth Michigan Infantry, aggregating about 1,300 men; the Fifth and Eleventh Ohio Batteries, each with six pieces and about 300 men, and a detachment of cavalry, numbering some 250 men.

In addition, the Third Minnesota Infantry and detachment of Third Division, 600 strong, has been ordered to report to you. So without any additional force from Pine Bluff you will have at your disposal 1,900 infantry, two batteries, and the number of cavalry named above. Arrangements are in progress to add to your command 300 infantry and 200 cavalry from the force at Pine Bluff, giving you and aggregate of upward of 3,000 men, well proportioned from the different arms of the service.

You will proceed to Pine Bluff by steamer, taking with you the Third Minnesota Infantry. Colonel Clayton, commanding at that point, while have instructions to give you all the men he can, and these will probably at least equal the number above mentioned. Please say to Colonel Clayton that it is my wish that he should accompany your command and give you the benefit of his valuable services; but I will not send order for him to do so, leaving it entirely to his judgement whether he can be of more service with you or in command of his post.

You will please see personally to the prompt loading of the supply train, and if you can possibly augment your transportation at Pine Bluff you will spare no efforts to take every pound of subsistence possible to the front.

By General Steele's orders each regiment of infantry is to have two wagons, each battery one, and as cavalry has been added to the command a proportionate ratio of transportation should be furnished for it. In addition, four wagons are furnished for hospital and medical stores, and there is also an ambulance train. Bear in mind that the troops are in no case to have more transportation than has been stipulated by the commanding general. You will move from Pine Bluff with three days' rations carried by the men, and after that you are to draw from the train for subsistence. There is also a quantity of ammunition going forward; the careful management of this should command your attention. Please consult Colonel Calayton about the readiest method of improvising a bridge at the Saline. I judge that he is well informed on the subject by a dispatch received from him to-day.

I feel that it is scarcely necessary to reaming you to avail yourself of every opportunity to subsist upon and draw forage from the country through which you travel, nor from personal conversation with yourself I am convinced that I cannot now any

more strongly impress upon you the necessity that those supplies must be got to, or at least toward, General Steele at all hazards. Please communicate your progress at Pine Bluff by telegraph, and subsequently by such opportunities as may present themselves.

Wishing you every success, and knowing that whatever betides you and your command will acquit themselves with honor, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

