SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., Numbers 86. Little Rock, Ark., April 26, 1864.

* * * * *

III. Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the post of Little Rock, and will report without delay to Brigadier General Joseph R. West, commanding troops, &c. for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 12. Little Rock, Ark., April 26, 1864.

I. Pursuant to paragraphs IX and X of Special Orders, Numbers 85, from headquarters Department of Arkansas, dated the 25th instant, the undersigned hereby relieves Brigadier General Nathan Kimball, U. S. Volunteers, and assumes command of the "troops along and north of the line of the Arkansas River."

II. The following staff officers are announced: First Lieutenant Samuel T. Brush, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant Orland W. Barrett, One hundred and sixth Illinois Infantry, acting assistant quartermaster, chief quartermaster; First Lieutenant John S. McClintock, Twenty-second Ohio Infantry, acting commissary of subsistence, chief commissary; First Lieutenant Charles E. McDougall, Sixty-first Illinois Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general; Surg. Henry W. Davis, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, chief of medical staff; First Lieutenant J. Francisco Guirado, First Cavalry, California Volunteers, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Eben C. Litherland, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp. Communications to these headquarters will be addressed to Lieutenant Samuel T. Brush, acting assistant adjutant-general. Communications on business relating to the staff departments must be addressed to the respective officers above announced to receive attention.

III. Orderly hours for citizens on business will be from 2.30 to 4 p. m. daily, Sundays excepted.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, April 26, 1864.

Colonel JAMES M. TRUE,

Commanding Detach. Second Div., Seventh Army Corps:

We have sad news to-day. Colonel McLeaan's brigade, 240 wagons, and five pieces of artillery were overpowered by the enemy day before yesterday between the crossing of the Saline and Camden. it behooves you to be on the alert, and at all times, day and night, prepared for active resistance. You have with you about all the available transportation left in the department. The immanency of the case should command your attention, as it will, doubtless, your best efforts to secure the safety of your command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

