
LEAVENWORTH, April 26, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

I have the following dispatch from Fort Gibson:

INDIAN BRIGADE, Fort Gibson, april 23, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

SIR: I have already sent you two telegrams from Fort Smith. Thought Quantrill was going to Kansas. He had gone up on Grand River and by night marches I sent several small columns (I had only infantry) to meet him at daybreak on Price's Creek. It has rained hard for two days. The river are rising. Adair, who had 320 men, had been driven across Illinois River about Tahlequah, and has gone east. Seeing himself about to be taken between the rivers, Quantril crosses the Verdigris Arkansas by a forced march last night. The rivers are this morning. My scouts were on his trail at daybreak, 20 miles southwest, across Arkansas River again. I have a force over there under Captain Kaufman that may meet him. Suffering here for the train.

W. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Adair, as you see, moved east. He may come up toward Missouri or Arkansas, but the rise has induced Quantrill to return, and Adair may also. Who knows?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., April 26, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Major: I have the honor to request that the major-general commanding will order, from State arms, that 1,000 stand with equipments be sent to Colonel J. F. Philips, commanding Second Sub-District, at Sedalia, in order that the citizens may be armed either as militia or, if preferred, as citizen guards, in case the movement of Jackman and others should render it necessary for the better protection of the country. The citizen guards will probably be the best organization to arm, as the basis, if not all, are loyal, while the militia will be made up of all citizens capable of bearing arms, and will undoubtedly have much disloyal element in it. The officers, who have been, are generally responsible parties and will naturally be elected captains of the companies of Enrolled Missouri militia (when organized) in many cases. Double-barreled guns, with buckshot cartridges, would be the most effective weapon in the hands of the citizens. A statement of the several organizations of "citizen guards" is being prepared and will be forwarded to department headquarters, for the information of the major-general commanding, as soon as possible.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E.. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MO.,Kansas City, Mo., April 26, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Kansas City:

SIR: You will on the receipt of this immediately prepare your command for moving at a brief notice, and maintain extreme vigilance

