
against surprise, keeping out some mounted pickets to watch the approach of any armed bodies of guerrillas who may be coming up from the south. You will also prepare yourself to turn over to the assistant quartermaster at Kansas City all your tents, camp, clothing, &amp;c., garrison equipage and guartermaster's stores except one tent for officers of each company, and the necessary cooking utensils, picks, spades, axes, &c., and in lieu of your tents, to draw shelter-tents when the assistant quartermasters can supply them. A body of guerrillas, we are advised, is moving up from the south the toward the Sni Hills. Keep a good lookout.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD L. BERTHOUD,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., April 26, 1864.

Major M. BURCH,

Commanding at Neosho, Mo.:

MAJOR: I am advised by Colonel Phillips, commanding at Fort Gibson, that Colonel Adair with 325 men crossed the Illinois River above Tahlequah on the 23rd instant. He may attempt to come north into missouri. I think you should keep your scouts well out to the southwest and south, and be prepared for him if he comes. Call citizens to your aid if you need them. Quantrill has been up Grand River, but Colonel Phillips reports that the he has return and recrossed the Arkansas. I will have more forces in your section as soon as grass grows a little more. Hold your forces well in hand and keep ready for any emergency in the mean time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., April 26, 1864.

(Received 5.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Colonel Phillips telegraphs as follows:*

* * * * * *

I supposed from this that high water and the colonel's movements have induced the rebels to fall back south of the Arkansas.

While in my command I urged the mounting of the Indian brigade on points: I again recommend it.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 26, 1864.

General CURTIS, Leavenworth, Kans.:

General Sanborn says the Clarksville meant in 8 miles south of the Arkansas River. Your dispatch received. Thank you. Will give you any intelligence I get from that quarter.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

---------------

* See Phillips to Curtis, April 23, p. 301.

---------------

