
FORT LEAVENWORTH, April 26, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS J. MCKEAN:

Colonel phillips telegraphs as follows:*

* * * * *

By this I suppose the enemy has fallen back south of the Arkansas. Humboldt was probably their objective point. Press the block-house and try to increase forces in that region.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, April 26, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN:

You see by last report from Colonel Phillips that Captain Adair with about 300 had gone east from Tahlequah. General Rosecrans also reports over 100 passed Clarksville, Ark., on their way to Missouri. You see, therefore, a force my be moving toward Southeast Kansas. The rains and high rivers may induce them to fall back as Quantrill did. You must, however, be on the alert. Can you do anything in the way of a block-house or redoubt, to make a small force competent to repulse cavalry? We must so arrange as to have some disposable movable force. You need a good colonel stationed at or near Humboldt, with men sufficient to take the field with mountain howitzers.

I am also anxious about Fort Larned and the Santa Fe road.

Have you done anything in that direction? I know you need more forces, but we must watch and fight as best we can.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., April 26, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF KANSAS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that on 31th instant I received a very hastily written letter from Captain George L. Sanborn, commanding Camp Sangorn, Fremont's orchard, Colo. Ter., stating that he had received had been taking stock and communicating depredations on the ranches of that creek. That on 12th instant he sent Lieutenant Dunn, with 40 men of Companies H and C, to recover the stock. That Lieutenant Dunn with party had a fight with the Indians, in with several of them were killed, and 4 of Lieutenant Dunn's men wounded (2 having since died). See copy of Lieutenant Dunn's report, dated Camp Sanborn, April 18, 1864, marked A; + also report of expedition commanded by same officer, dated April 18, 1864, marked B.+

There appearing to be some uncertainty as to which tribe the Indians belonged who were engaged in these depredations, and to provide for all emergencies, on the 16th instant I ordered Major Downing, First Cavalry of Colorado, to take charge of the operations

---------------

* See Phillips to Curtis, April 23, p. 301.

+ See Part 1, pp, 884, 887.

---------------

