
against them. see copy of his report, inclosed herewith,

market C.* The implements sent to these headquarters are some arrows of the kind used by the Cheyennes and Kiowas, a lance (Cheyenne) and a carbine pistol marked U. S. Manufactured at Springfield, 1855, carrying an ounce ball. The command of Major Downing has, as far as practicable, been supplied with requisite equipment, and every precaution will be taken to protect the settlers and emigrants, and to punish several the Indians who have committed the depredations, unless otherwise ordered by the commanding general.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.

JUNCTION RANCH, April 26, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District:

COLONEL: Not hearing anything from you at Camp Sanborn, I came down here last evening. Have sent detachments down the road at different points. Upon my arrival here I learned that they had discovered Cheyennes below, and had gone in pursuit. A messenger was sent to me, but passed me on the way down, having taken a different road. Everything looks prosperous, as far as I can learn, for them to overhaul them this time. I anything occurs before I reach them or after will telegraph you. Has the quartermaster sent down those articles I called for, and do you intend to send more troops down here? I would like to go over to the Republican after them, while I think it important to pursue them on this road to keep them from comminuting depredations here. The Platte is rising rapidly and probably we will be unable to ford it in a short time. Shall i rider Captain Sanborn to cross the river while he can and camp near Fremont's Orchard? I have no idea how long this affair will last., thought the Indians have a big scare and it is hard to find them. I think my only chance is in having detachments along the road. If you think of any improvement, I hope you will let me known. I have tried to write all the particulars.

Hoping to hear from you soon by telegraph, I reaming, yours,

J. DOWNING,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado.

OMAHA, NEBR. TER., April 26, 1864.

Captain JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

I have received the following dispatch from Colonel Collins, which I forward to you for consideration:

FORT LARAMIE, April 25, 1864.

General r. B. MITCHELL:

I avail myself of Superintendent Creighton's leave to telegraph without charge as to some matters requiring immediate attention, details of which could not be compressed in a short dispatch. immigration it coming rapidly, trouble with Indians

---------------

* See p. 250.

---------------

