
may be expected, and I need power of instructions. You have probably sent orders information as to your plans, but nothing has been received except two or there telegrams as to side matters. Applications are being made for escort through Idaho. Shall I furnish them when it would be unsafe for emigrants to go without, or let them go forward unprotected with a certainty that I shall be called upon when too late to render assistance, as was the case year? A large party is coming from Denver to go a new route from the Platte to the mines, crossing Big Horn and yellowstone. Colonel Chivington, commanding Colorado District, has assured them I would furnish military escort. Other trains are coming with same object. The route will be at least 200 miles shorter, through a country which ought to be opened, but a strong military party will be necessary. I can furnish an ample one and leave men enough to guard posts and do other duty, especially after the recruits on the way, to insure the best route, prevent difficulties with Indians, or be ready to punish them if necessary. Allow me to say that I have developed the last two years to understanding this country and its peculiar service, and may be supposed to know something of its necessities, and my officers and men are equal to any duty here.

General Curtis Kinsdly wrote me to communicate directly with him on any important subject, but I prefer doing so through you. Should you doubt your power to give me the necessary authority, will you send him this with such suggestions as you think fit? In this mountain service it is better to lead than follow immigration. Could I have my way, it should be sifted, controlled, and guided on designated routes; not permitted to run wild and make trouble. The principal [sic] in Nebraska District is Idaho. Could not your headquarters be moved to Laramie so that you could direct it/ Deserters and secessions are thronging into the Territory, and even good men make trouble through ignorance. My men should be employed. There is work enough here, and we are anxious to be useful. Escorts from the east are humbugs, for private benefit only. Mr. Creighton will send this to General Curtis without charge. Please suggest that he do so, that I may have immediate information as to what I am to do.

WM. O. COLLINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment and post.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., April 26, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 22nd instant. I must have been very unfortunate in expressing myself in my last dispatch, to which yours was intended to reply, if you were led to fear that there would be any delay in the movements of the force from this district to join General Sully which could be avoided by human efforts or energy. Nor did I intend, by using the turn debt, to convey any other meaning than that a particular point on the upper Minnesota River would be designated as a point of concentration for the column, the companies to compose which, being required to move from opposite and different directions, must necessarily have a specified rendezvous from which to march.

I have selected Camp Pope (of 1863) as the most convenient spot for that purpose, and my intention is that the force shall move on 28th May from there, if the animals can possibly subsist ion the grass and the horses arrive here in time. Thus far only 492 of the latter have been received at Forte Snelling, and 200 are now on their way from La Crosse. I trust they will be shipped more rapidly, so as to avoid delay on that score. I have never failed you yet, general,

20 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

