
in obeying your orders punctually as to time and every other particular, and I beg you to dismiss from your mind any uneasiness or apprehension as to the arrival of the forces from this district at the designated point of junction with General Sally. My understanding with him is that my department will be there on 20th June, and I intend it shall be. I shall probably superintend the departure in person.

The last reports from above are of date 19th instant, from Major brown, as Fort Abercrombie. A half-breed scout had arrived who stated that the understanding us among the upper bands that the Yanktonais are decided in their hostility. There were a good many Indians on the James River near Bone Hill. The Sissetons had not as yet given their reply to the conditions upon which peace would be granted them, Major Brown's scout sent to communicate with them having them having been detained by a severe snow-storm, which covered the grounded to the depth of 2 feet. I shall probably have their reports within a week.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., April 26, 1864.

Major J. R. BROWN,

Special Military Agent, Fort Abercrombie:

MAJOR: Your two dispatch of 19th instant, with inclosure, have been received at these headquarters. The scouts should have been taken up on the acting assistant quartermaster's rolls as intended, and much trouble would thereby have saved. The roll sent down should have been in duplicate, and must be before the amount will be paid. Major Camp will be applied to to certify as to the services rendered. The late season to which the Sissetons have delayed their submission may operate very disastrously upon them, for Indians of whatever bands found with the prohibited country, unless employed as scouts by the Government, will be treated as enemies. These Sissetons, by thus halting between two opinions, may bring destruction on their own heads. So soon as you have heard from the scouts and have accomplished all that can be done you will report in person at these headquarters, as Colonel Thomas is exceedingly anxious that you accompany him on the expedition to the upper Missouri. It is to be hoped that Major Match's command will soon arrived and relieve the companies of the Eighth Regiments now in garrison at Fort Abercrombie.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 27, 1864-11.35 a. m.

Major-General BANKS,

Department of the Gulf, via Cairo, Ill.:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that, on the receipt of this order, you will return yourself immediately to New Orleans, and make

