
WASHINGTON, D. C.., April 27, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Third Iowa Cavalry will be prepared for the field and sent to memphis.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, April 27, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL; This will be handed you by Major Bowen, paymaster, a very worthy and prominent gentleman of my State of Iowa. He may desire an escort, and I hope you will furnish it, to pass him through your department. I would furnish it myself, but fear such a squad would advertise the object of the paymaster to bushwhackers and endanger the funds of their returned trip. I desire, general, a copy of my official correspondence, most of which I have; but there is lacking the correspondence occurring between the 22nd od November, 1862, to February 2, 1863. The great desire and opportunity to misunderstand and mystify motives and actions of officers holding important commandeers make such constantly necessary for reference, and I must have them near me to give satisfactory answer to inquiries constantly made of me. It is not a personal but a public that is mainly subserved. I have a nephew, a clerk in the office of Major Dunn, who would be competent to select the letters, orders, and telegrams that have such importance as to merit such a special care by me.

The Indiana country has been attached to the Arkansas Department the troops having been drawn away mine. Our line on the Arkansas River is therefore entirely out of our control and very poorly guarded, hence the convenient move of Quantrill and others in this direction. High water and Colonel Phillips have checked present operations, but we may expect trouble from that quarter. I have for duty only 4,320 troops in my whole department, spreadover this vast country and including troops on overland route, santa Fe, road and in Colorado. I name this to you, that you may perceive my inability to meet expectations and support your exertions. but you may be sure, general, of a heavy co-operation and cordial response to your demands.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General,

CAPE GIRARDEAU, April 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I would not advise taking any force from here while affairs are so threatening. We have not over 550 effective men here. This is the depot for this whole country and ought to be well guarded.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

