
Macon. I would not wish to give undue importance to these things, but ask that they be weighed and not forgotten until is is quite too late. If force is scarce, I would remark that there are enough Union men at home here, in the militia, to protect the country. They would have to be judiciously selected and armed and paid. My experience is that enough of them can be had for home protection, and be relied on fully, but to do it they must go into camp and stay there. Such protection does not require a large force in North Missouri. I would not have written directly to you, taking so much privilege, except that my friend General Guitar is gone, and I do not know the new district commander. My own position is of such a nature as to force me into active observation of events. I now have 20 men here as guard, who are enough for defense, but nothing more.

Excuse the length of this note, and believe me your obedient servant,

F. T. RUSSELL,

Lieutenant Colonel 61st Enrolled Mo. Mil. and Asst. Prov. March

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo., April 3, 1864.

The following extract from General Orders, Numbers 123, current series, from the War Department, is republished for the information of the troops in this department:

Every department and army commander will cause to be transferred, as speedily as possible, to the nearest naval station named in General Orders, Numbers 91, all enlisted men who desire to enlist in the Navy, and who fulfill the conditions required in General Orders, Numbers 91, without regard to the restrictions in said orders as to reductions of regiments and companies below the minimum organization, which restriction is removed.

To carry out the provisions of the above order, the following regulations will be observed:

First. Commanding officers of districts, posts, camps, and detached regiments, battalions, or companies in this department will see that the contents of General Orders, Numbers 91, current series, from the War Department, are at once communicated to every enlisted man under their command, and will forward to the district inspector of the district in which they are serving a list of those making applications for transfer from the Army to the Navy, giving all the information required in said order in regard to qualifications and length of time served at sea.

Second. District inspectors will examine and determine upon the merits of the applications for transfers and make daily reports, by telegraph, to the inspector-general at department headquarters, of the number of men transferred to the naval service, their company and regiment, and the inspector-general will consolidate the reports for the Adjutant-General of the Army.

Third. As fast as applicants are approved and selections made, district inspectors will report the fact to the district commander, who will see that they are sent, under suitable conduct and in the manner prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 91, current series, from the War Department, to Cairo, Ill., where they will be turned over to the naval commandant at that station.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

