
CAPE GIRARDEAU, April 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding.

There is but one company of artillery here now since Company A left, besides the Battery G, who are not armed with muskets. Shall send them. There is a rumor here to-night that the enemy are moving on Bloomfield or this place. I think it wild, but have just sent for the man who brought it, and will report. Could you not send me the three companies of the First Missouri State Militia under Lieutenant-Colonel Herder? This would be better than moving jour artillery, as then our guns would be useless and there is too much good property here to risk too weakly guarded. If this report is true, they are in sufficient force to threaten us seriously. They are said to be very strong. If there is any reliability in it I will telegraph you again to-night.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.

SAINT LOUIS, April 27, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Pilot Knob:

Colonel Rogers telegraphs from Cape Girerdeau that the enemy are reported in strong force below him. He does not say where, but I suppose it is the direction if Gainesville, Ark. Order commanding officer at Patterson to send out scouts south and east, and if he has any reason to suppose that the enemy are threatening Bloomfield to re-enforce. Send Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews or Major Montgomery to Patterson to-morrow with his command, and let him get there by dark. Keep the rest of your command ready to march at a moment's notice. I want an answer as to the company at Centreville.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS. April 27, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Cape Girardeau:

Your dispatches of to-night surprise me. With the abundant cavalry force at your command you should keep advised of the movements and strength of the enemy below you towards Gainesville. I would judge your dispatches that you regarded yourself as in danger of siege at Cape Girardeau. I wish you to find the enemy, and unless he is much too strong, attack him; don't wait to be attacked unless he is greatly superior in strength to you. I wish to understand distinctly that no circumstances will justify you in the loss of the little garrison at Blomfield; therefore you must keep your reconnoitering parties well out in front of the garrison so as to give it timely notice of the approach of an enemy and of his strength, so they can fall back to Cape Girardeau or Patterson if in danger at Patterson to-re-enforce Bloomfield if he learns it is in

