
danger of attack, and have telegraphed commanding officer at Bloomfield to notify officer at Patterson of such danger. The First Missouri State Militia Infantry cannot be relieved from provost duty. Keep me fully advised night and day.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

MACON CITY, MO., April 27, 1864.

Colonel o. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

On the 20th of this month 3 armed men entered the town of Hunnewell, on the Hannkibal and Saint Joseph Railroad, in Sheleby Country. This citizens telegraphed to me to know if they should arrest them. I answered, "yes," of course. They collected together about 6 strong and proceeded to make the arrest. It was resisted, and during the shooting which took place 1 of the desperadoes was killed, 1 named Henry Snider was captured, and 1 escaped. One citizens was killed and 2 seriously wounded; 1 of the latter is not excepted to live. Snider was sent to me. Immediately after receiving him I received a dispatch from general Fisk, ordering him to be tried by drum court-martial, and if found guilty to be shot. I called together 5 of my most discreet officers, who took testimony for and against him found him guilty of being a guerilla and of being accessory to the murder. General Fisk is absent from the district, and I consequently refer the matter directly to department headquarters. Shall I proceed to execute the order of General Fisk?

DAN. M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant Colonel Ninth Cav., Missouri State Militia, Commanding Post.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., April 27, 1864.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Kansas City:

Colonel Blair telegraphs from Fort Scott as follows:

Seventy men, supposed to be rebels from their dress, horses, and accouterments, passed north 30 miles from this place on the 25th, heading toward Boonville, Mo.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Hickman Mills, Mo., April 27, 1864.

Lieutenant E. L. BERTHOUD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kansas City, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the acknowledgments of receipt of dispatches was forwarded at 8 o'clock this a. m., per special messenger. Lieutenant Evens' acknowledgments were duty received at this station in time to have been forwarded per same, but owing to my neglect were overlooked. I send per regular military express.

