
Have the country patrolled from the Harrisonville road, running south from here, to the Pleasant Hill road, runinning southeast, and from that to the Independence road, ruining northeast. These roads command all approaches from the south, east, and north.

very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. D. JANES,

Lieutenant, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., April 27, 1864.

Dr. W. S. HOLLAND,

Clinton, Henry, Mo.:

DOCTOR: Your favor of the 23rd instant has been received. I do not think it is to break up the organization at Calhoun, as the officers and most of the company are reliable Union men. This had better bare understood at once, and thus it will be known that it is permanent and your matters will become settle. Your efforts and representations will have a good effect in accomplishing this, and as it is for the public good, I do not think I am mistaken when I say that I rely on your assistance in the attempt to accomplish it. To break up the present organizations, in any case, would lead to strife between loyal men, which i hope will be prevented in this hour of distr to our arms. The Government needs an undivided support from its friends now more that ever. Upon the receipt of the names of the rebels who are in the company and the necessary proof of disloyalty I will order their names stricken from the rolls. This I have done other cases, with good results, and I have no doubt it will be equally beneficial in Henry Country.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

COLDWATER, MICH., April 27, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I shall reach my headquarters, Saint Joseph, on Saturday, 30th instant. Shall remain a day or two in Northeast Missouri.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 27, 1864-11.10 a. m.

General Curtis telegraphs that Quantrill with 325 men were on the Arkansas River threatening Kansas. He asks for authority to mount his Indian brigade on ponies. What answer shall be given?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

