
JUNCTION STATION, April 27, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District:

COLONEL: As I wrote you a few days since, I stationed one detachment at the Junction ranch and one at Moore and Kelley's. In consequence of the detachment at the Junction being unable to obtain forage, they moved down to Moore and Kelley's. They had scarcely got there when they learned that a party of Cheyennes were near, who had stolen about $800 worth of horses of Moore and Kelley, when they immediately pursued them, and when about 25 miles south and toward the Republican, reached their lodges, with everything in them, but no Indians.

They destroyed eleven lodges, with the cooking utensils, implements for dressing highs, &amp;c., besides capturing a large number of buffalo robes, many of which, however, were not dressed. The Indians have gone toward the Republican. I have telegraphed you for more troops. If you cannot spare them I will try and get along without them. The amount of duty to perform is so great that I fear the man will all be afoot. We can whip them easy enough with our present command, but i cannot successfully pursue them. i am afraid that if we do stop the thing here soon we will have the Sioux to fight also, which I not wish, if I can avoid it, till we get through with the Cheyennes.

Hoping this will be satisfactory, I remain, yours, &c.,

J. DOWNING,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado.

In this affair Lieutenant Dunn and Chase were commanding the detachments. They are both doing well. We are going over to Cedar Bluffs, north of this, to-day, when I will be able to report something better.

J. D.
HEADQUARTERS DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., April 27, 1864.

Colonel FREDERICK MYERS,

Chief Q. M., Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee:

COLONEL: If the horses are not forwarded more rapidly the expedition will de delayed. Up to 25th less than 700 were received, including 200 last shipped from La Crosse.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. ON MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., April 27, 1864.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS,

Commanding Forts Sub-District, Saint Cloud;

COLONEL: You will receive for your guidance a copy of the special order issued 26th instant, designating the forces to compose the column to join Brigadier-General Sully's command on the Missouri River. You will at once dispatch copies of so much of that order as may be necessary to those officers in your sub-district whose commands

