
are embraced in it, so that there may be perfect concert of action when the period for concentration at Sauk Center hall arrive. The troops in garrison who are specified as a part of the expeditionary forces will march to that point as they are successively relieved. The stations at Pomme de Terre and Alexandria will be occupied by detachments of Major Hatch's battalion, that officer having already been so instructed. A small detachment will be left in garrison at Sauk Centre, probably not more than 25 or 30 men, and the post at Fort Ripley will be garrisoned by those men of your regiment who are not fit active int e field, as special in same order. The brigadier-general commanding depends upon your to exercise the strictest scouting in the examination of the several companies of your regiment, so that none be taken on the ex[pedition but men in sound and healthy condition, so that the column be not encumbered on the march with invalids. The men left behind will be useful in performing indispensable garrison duty. Company F, of the Eighth Regiment, except such men as are required to secure the public property while in process of transportation from Princeton, will be dispatched in due time to aid in taking charge of the horses for the regiment, and it may be that detachments from other companies will also be necessary for the same purpose received at Fort Snelling.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., April 27, 1864.

Major J. R. BROWN,

Special Military Agent, Fort Abercrombie:

MAJOR: Since my dispatch to you of 26th instant,. general Sibley, in reply to his representation of the friendly disposition of the Sissetons, and their probable unconditional submission to the Government, has received instructions from Major-General Pope, a copy* of which is herewith inclosed, which will serve to show you that the superior military of this department not only intends that the bands who thus return to their allegiance to the Government shall be protected, but that they shall also receive such aid in procuring seed-corn as may be requisite. General Sibley trusts that ere this the Sissetons, at least, will have tendered their full consent to the conditions proposed to them as the price of peace,as every day of delay in their so doing is fraught with danger to them. Should you find further opportunity to communicate with them, you will not fail to bring to their knowledge such portions of General Pope's instructions as will serve to impress them with the merciful intentions of the Government toward those Indians who comply promptly with the terms heretofore proffered them. The location of such is fixed, as you have before informed, at Devill's Lake.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Pope to Sibley, April 25, p. 292.

---------------

