
CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 28, 1864-11 p. m.

(Received 1 a. m., 29th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Banks' dispatch of the 17th received.* I do not see that better orders can be given than those a few days ago. If General Branks has not advanced on Shreveport and beaten the enemy then Steele will be exposed to a superior force as to make it necessary to re-enforce him. I would order in this event A. J. Smith's whole force to General Steele. General Banks, by his failure, has absorbed 10,000 veteran troops that should now be with General Sherman and 30,000 of his own that would have been moving toward Mobile, and this without accomplishing any good result.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., April 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor toe report that I arrived here yesterday morning in eight and a days for Washington. I immediately had an interview with General Banks, and delivered him your communications. I regret very much to find affairs here in a very complicated, perplexing, and precarious situation. You have, of course, had the particulars of the fights. The situation at present is this: We have some six, eight, or ten gun-boats, among them two monitors, above the rapids, with no possibility of getting them out. The whole question is, them reduced to this: Shall we destroy the gun-boats or lose the services at this critical of the war of the 20,000 men necessary to take care of them? My opinion is, of course, to destroy to boats. Why this expedition was ordered I cannot imagine. General Banks assures me it was undertaken against his opinion and earnest protest. The results is certainly a very sad one. I shall communicate from day to day anything of interest which may occur.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., April 28, 1864.

Admiral FARRAGUT, or

OFFICER COMMANDING FLEET AT NEW ORLEANS:

ADMIRAL: Admiral Porter's fleet is above the rapids, and cannot fall below on account of the low stage of water. There are but few boats between Alexandria and the mouth of the river. It is desirable that you should send such boats as can navigate the river for the purpose of keeping open our communications. The enemy threaten this line in considerable force. I beg your immediate attention to this subject. Our situation is in nowise embarrassing, except that the fleet is detained above the rapids, and the movements

---------------

* See Part I, p. 187.

---------------

