
with Brigadier-General Emory's division in reserve. General Smith will cause his left to rest on the Red River, his right extending to the same point on the railroad where it touched this evening, and thence to the Opelousas road at this point. On the right of the Opelousas road Major-General McClernand's left will rest. His command will extend in a line, according to the nature of the ground, to the brigade on the Bayou Rapides road. Brigadier-General Emory's division will form the reserve for this line. The lines will be maintained, but Generals McClearnand, Smith, and Emory are at liberty to encamp their troops where most convenient to water, thorough ready to move ion the lines at a movement's notice. By command of major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General..
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF.

Alexandria, La., April 28, 1864.

Major General J. A. McCLEARNAND,Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that the troops of your command be placed under arms, and that you report at those headquarters with the least possible delay.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., April 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I desire to be informed whether General Smith moved in my front this evening by your orders. He has voluntarily seized a quantity of forage and other property belonging to my command, left temporarily in camp on the withdrawal to our present position. Part of it General Cameron reports, was in wagons and on the to the rear when seized., If agreeable to the department commander I would prefer to look after my own front. If General Smith came forward without orders, as I surmise, I request that he be ordered ton with draw and to turn over al the property belonging to this corps which has been seized by him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. McCLEARNAND,

Major-General, Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Alexandria, La., April 28, 1864.

Commanding officers Second Brigade, First Division, and of Third Division, will intrench their respective fronts to-night, using all the tools may have and sending to headquarters for any deficiency.

