HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Warrensburg, April 3, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

MAJOR: I had the honor to refer to-day, for the information of the commanding general, the report of Captain Little of the summary trial of 3 bushwhackers and the execution of 2 of them. The testimony as to the character of these men and of their being disguised in our uniform was clear. Their general character has been bad since the war began. I appreciate fully the responsibility assumed in the execution of a prisoner guerrilla, but these men have forfeited their lives by law, human and divine, and the state of the country demands summary punishment. There are not 50 guerrillas in this district, nor has there been that number in it in six months, yet they are keeping the population of twenty counties, 150,000 people, in a state of constant apprehension.

They have taken more lives than they number, while thieving and robbing has been practiced daily, and employing 4,000 troops to protect and guard the country. I hope most sincerely that the necessity for such acts, such a responsibility, may be removed, and that but few examples will be required. The parties who suffered in this case were the same who wounded General Hamilton, Fourth Missouri State Militia, one of them the son of Olive Gano, of whom I wrote yesterday.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, Fort Smith, Ark., April 3, 1864.

Colonel W. A. PHILLIPS, Commanding First Brigade, Fort Gibson:

COLONEL: In my communication to you of the 14th ultimo I directed you to postpone work on the fortifications at Fort Gibson until I could send an engineer to superintend the work. General Curtis having requested Captain Gerster (the engineer) to report to him at Leavenworth, I shall be deprived of his services and cannot send him as I intended. You will therefore proceed to complete the works according to instructions given you by General Curtis. In consequence of the small force at our command, it will be necessary at present to keep the troops concentrated and be vigilant in guarding against surprise. You will attempt to hold no point on the south side of the Arkansas. You will send scouts well to the front, and also westward, to ascertain any movement that may be made by the enemy, and all information you may obtain of importance you will promptly report to these headquarters. Company M, Fourteenth Kansas Volunteers, ordered to report to you for duty, will leave here for Fort Gibson to-morrow. Their detention has been caused by waiting for forage train which has just arrived. They should be used for scouting purposes and carrying dispatches, and must be held strictly accountable for any depredations committed upon citizens when on duty detached from their command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

