
you, without orders, marched into his camp and seized public property belonging to his command. The commanding general directs that you return the property thus seized to General McClernand and that you occupy with your troops the line of battle you were directed to take up this afternoon. The above instructions will be carried our early to-morrow morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CONFIDENTIAL.] PINE BLUFF, April 28, 1864.

Lieutenant SAMUEL T. BRUSH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

Nothing from Colonel True yet. At escaped prisoner (reliable),

Private Weathers, First Indiana Cavalry, came in this morning and state that General Fagan told Lieutenant-Colonel Drake he had 6,000 men and twelve pieces of artillery. He captured five pieces from us, which gives him seventeen. Also, that he had 3,500 men and six pieces int he engagement. He states that this force was all mounted infantry, and the best mounted he ever saw. The Confederate medical director reported 2362 of our men in killed and wounded. Confederate loss about the same. That General Fagan took with him all our ambulances and medical supplies, leaving none for the wounded. That one regiment was sent with the prisoners. The Confederate forces are supposed to be near Princeton, waiting for another train.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, April 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. G. BLACK,

Commanding Detachment Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you relieve Major Harker and his command in guarding approaches on Benton road No others will be sent out to-night. I am also instructed to say to you that you will detail the same number of officers and men and send them at 8 a. m. to-morrow to guard the approaches to benton road. They will remain out until 8 a. m. next day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. T. BRUSH,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, April 28, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,

Commanding, Devall's Bluff:

The general commanding directs that the Fifty-fourth Illinois Infantry be sent to this place immediately.

SAM. T. BRUSH,

First Lieutenant, 18th Illinois, A. A. A. G.

