
LITTLE ROCK, April 28, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,

Commanding, Devall's Bluff:

A special train goes from to-night to bring over the six rifled guns directed to Fort Smith. Have them ready at the depot. They must be here to-morrow morning, and I rely upon you to send them.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., April 28, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Washburn,a t Memphis, telegraphs many of his cavalry regiment are detained at Saint depot for horses. The men are needed at Memphis as much as horses, if not more. Please order them down at once.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 28, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

General Grant ordered the only infantry guards we have away and directed us to use dismounted cavalry instead. This important depot must be secured a traitorous armed secret organization.

W. S. ROSECRANS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 28, 1864.

Honorable JAMES L. THOMAS,

Mayor of Saint Louis:

DEAR SIR: It was my intention yesterday to speak to you about my provost-marshal-general, Colonel Sanderson, whose name is before the Sente for confirmation, in regular line of promotion, as colonel of the Thirteenth U. S. Infantry. I understand that charges have been made against him before the senate Militia Committee for misconduct at the battle of Chickamauga, while serving on my personal staff. I believe the charges to be maliciously false and without the shadow of foundation, but as it now stands it injures

his usefulness in the position which he now fills.

Colonel Sanderson is prepared to refute any charges made against him, and his papers are n the hands of Senators Cowan, of Pennsylvania; but the differently is to get the case before the Senate from the Militia Committee and have action taken upon it, and my object in writing you is to ask you to unite such of your friends as may be willing to do so with you in asking the U. S. Senators from this State to try and bring the case before the State demand, in view of the important position that he holds,that the matter should

21 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

