
Be settled at once. If he is innocent he should be vindicated, and I believe he has the evidence to fully vindicate himself, and if guilty he should be relieved from the important position that he fills.

If you have no objection you will much oblige me, and I believe serve the interest of the State, by writing to Senators Brown and Henderson, and getting any of your political friends no join you in the request, asking them to call upon the Military Committee to bring the case before the Senate for their action. I do not ask them to take sides in the matter at all, but merely to afford Colonel Sanderson, through his friend Senator Cowan, who his papers, the opportunity of vindicating himself from the charges made against him before the Militia Committee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

BLOOMFIELD, April 28, 1864.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS:

I would like you to re-enforce this post with at least another company. In our present weak condition we simply invite attack. It is 40 miles from here to the crossing of the Saint Francis south of us, and I dare not send a sufficient reconnoitering party in that direction from the post, for of an attack from the west during their absence; and if a force should cross the river south of us without my knowledge they would be able to march on Bloomfield before re-enforcements could be sent here. Besides, I have so much scouting to do with the small force I have that the horses are getting run down. We will use every effort to hold the post, but if you can possibly send another dampen down here I would like to have it, as I can use it to a good advantage. I have no doubt but this post will be attacked sooner or later if more troops are not stationed here,

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., April 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: In reply to your telegram regarding the sending of the artillery companies stationed here to Bloomfield, asking if I saw any objections in doing so, I have the honor to give you some reasons which I think are such as would decide you against doing so. We have now but one company of heavy artillery and one battery of four pieces. The heavy artillery are armed with muskets; the battery is not, of course. We have four forts of earth-works, mounting ten 24-pounder guns. We have on other troops here capable of manning these guns or of properly taking care of the forts and guns. We have four magazines to guard.

If the earth-works are left without guards they soon be destroyed by cattle and otherwise, and cavalry would be little use in teeing by cattle and otherwise, and cavalry would be little use in taking care of the works and less of the guns, as they do not understand

