
the business. The light battery would be of no particular use at Bloomfield, and it would be better to send cavalry, as the battery cannot be called upon to do guard and garrison duty, and the question of forage would be note the less, as they have more horses than a cavalry squadron. If the rumors of defeat below are reliable, and I fear it s too true, we mat look for an invasion in force as soon as Banks and Steele fall back; and, although not on the route to Saint Louis, it is the only feasible route to feed an army in the field, and flanks the route to Saint and Pilot Knob so effectually as to make it very hazardous far a force to pass us; hence I think a small artillery garrison should be kept here.

Our force now here is but about 550 effective men; quite light enough to hold the Government property here and ready and able to assist any of our outposts that may be threatened or march to repulse any raid and leave sufficient guard. The outposts at Dallas might be easily dispensed with, as any move in that direction would be known at Bloomfield or Patterson, and the force now at Dallas might be sent to Bloomfield; and it would be nearly as easy to subsist them there as at Dallas, as the distance is but little greater and they have to be forged from here entirely hereafter. If you could sent about three companies of infantry they would be useful to garrison outposts, and thus relieve the cavalry so they might be able to do more scouting, but this is not indispensable.

I am, general, very respectfully,

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, April 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding:

I do not think there is any truth in the rumors about force below Bloomfield. We certainly do not need re-enforcements there at present, as no enemy can get there. There is no forage there and no train can go down until the water falls. We will watch and scout thoroughly, but I think no force will be found. The reports come by way of Patterson. I can re-enforce that place whenever it is necessary, for I can get there as soon as the water falls, and they cannot before then, if they are there, which I do not believe.

J. B. ROGERS.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, April 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding:

There is no danger to Bloomfield; the water is too high.

Colonel Tyler sent me following telegram:

Colonel ROGERS:

Major Wilson reports that rumor places Kitchen and Reves between Cherokee Bay and Gainesville trying to raise a force to attack Bloomfield and break up the court. I start an expedition in that direction to-morrow.

JOHN F. TYLER,

Colonel.

