
in Carter Country, east of Currant River, and flows into Little Black River. Major Wilson says he thinks the reports is false that rebels are concentrating on Buffalo Creek. Centreville gave me the information that 1 man, a soldier, was killed 16 miles from here on the Patterson road, on the 26th instant. I am not certain whether it was done by a soldier that was with him or by 2 or 3 Robberts, as the soldier states. I am having the matter investigated. I have ordered out a scout from Patterson, which will leave as soon as it can cross the water. Every stream in this lower country is too high to be forded. Please answer.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 28, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding District of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am directed to inform you that the general commanding is of the opinion that the best disposition of your troops to meet an emergency such as indicated in your communication of the 26th instant would be, in general terms, to establish a large reserve at some central point in your district, from which small outposts should be sent out as far as prudent. In this way all the men in your discipline. While at the depot of reserve, all would be taught outpost duty by establishing regular reliefs, say, every two weeks: also, the main body being always at the reserve, will be ready for a move in any direction at any time. The general commanding is of the opinion that this system would protect the country much better than the system of small, isolated permanent posts.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., April 28, 1864-7 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Eighty rebels crossed the Grand River, moving north toward Rose Hill, at 3 p. m. yesterday. They will probably strike the Missouri River between Wellington and Independence. I have ordered the troops after them, and also to move to intercept them.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, April 28, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE, A. A. G., Saint Louis:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that at 4 a. m. to-day I received information that a party of about 80 rebels crossed Grand River, near Dayton, Cass Country, at 3 p. m. yesterday, and were moving toward Rose Hill; at 10 a. m. that they had passed near Holden, and 2.30 p. m. had crossed Black Water River, south of Chapel Hill, and had met Lieutenant Couch, First Missouri State Militia, with 3 soldiers,

