
in a hack, and murdered them when on the way to this place, when about 5 miles this side of Chapel Hill. The troops have been ordered to send their camp and garrison equipage to the posts where there was a quartermaster of volunteers on receipt of your dispatch that Jackman had passed Clarksville, and to draw shelter-tents, truing in all unnecessary quartermaster's stores. This was being done to-day.

If my information is correct, that the enemy was in the vicinity of Chapel, he is now witting a square of our troops, who are moving from Jackson Country east, La Fayette Country west, and from Kingsville north, in pursuit, and from Pleasant Hill north to intercept him. There being not leaves n the trees, I hope to cut him up badly in the next few days,and to be ready to treat Jackman in the same way when he arrives. If I cannot succeed in killing them, or a part of them, there will be no good done, as they are like birds of passage, and to disperse them will bring no good results. I am unable as yet to learn what banks this is, but it moves like Quantrill's and I do not suppose that Jackman could have reached here if he was at Clarksville Monday.

My troops are alive to the necessity of making short work of these fellows, and they will do it if possible. The commanding general may rely on their zeal.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, April 28, 1864-7.45 p. m.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Kansas City:

Lieutenant-Colonel Dodd has been ordered to send camp and garrison equipage to Kansas City, and, with the troops east of Independence, scout for the enemy toward La Fayette Country. Troops have been ordered from Kingsville and Pleasant Hill to follow them, and from La Fayette Country to the west. The rebels were near Chapel Hill this day at noon. Their are dressed in Federal uniform. The citizens must guard the towns, and we must use every man in the field. Before the leaves come out we should kill these men or we shall have trouble.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, MO., April 28, 1864.

(Received 8.10 a. m.)

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Colonel Fort absent Saint Louis, Mo. Dispatch just received from Fort Leavenworth says:

Telegram from Colonel Blair, First Scott, reports 70 men, supposed to be rebels passed 30 miles east of Fort Scott, going on the 25th, heading toward Boonville.

Reports here to-day in Kansas City from Fort Scott that 150 guerrillas under Quantrill crossed the Arkansas going north.

E. L. BERTHOUD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

