
River navigable and rising. No news of train. One hundred and sixty infantry at Neosho to meet it. Adair's force is still above, supposed to be toward Maysville and Pineville. I suspect it has broken up. They decline to fight any part; are well mounted.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

W. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

PAOLA, KANS., April 28, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

The only difficult in sending a company from Lawrence is that one is not armed yet, and the other is the artillery company. There are two companies at Fort Tao. Company L, Eleventh Kansas cavalry, at that place, would be a good one to send forward if it could be armed immediately, and I should think on left there would suffice. It is not in my district, but would be that much farther on the way of Fort Larned. Several of my captains are on duty at Fort Leavenworth. if they can be sent to duty I will be able to send a company forward immediately. I do not wish to send inexperienced officers on such duty if it can be avoided.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., April 28, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN, Paola, Kans.:

Dispatch from Kansas City says 80 rebels, crosse Grand River near Dayton, bates Country, this morning, going toward Rose Hill, Shawnee, and Olathe. Must be on the lookout. Although the rebels mean to move eastward, they may be driven westward, and your district may be invaded.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, KANS., April 28, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIRE, Fort Scott, Kans.:

A party of 80 rebels were reports near Dayton, bates Country, M o., this morning, moving toward Rose Hill.

THOSE. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, u. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS.:

MAJOR: In answer to your favor of the 27th instant the general commanding the district directs me to say that you will proceed to Pleasant Grove under your original orders and take command of

