
the troops at that place. If Major Plumb is absent from Humboldt, you will reports to Colonel C. W. Blair at Fort Scott, Commanding Forts Brigade, and will receive orders from him. Colonel Blair has already started a subsistence train from Fort Scott to you at Pleasant Grove.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PAOLA, KANS, April 28, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

The Pleasant Grove I referred to in my former dispatch is the one west of Humboldt, in Woodson Country.

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAWENWORTH, April. 28, 1864.

Colonel Collins' dispatch received. We may send out one proper escort from Laramie to new mines. Immigration large enough to defend itself. We cannot control it. I am in great need of troops. Send two companies to Fort Tao; E and D, seventh Iowa, could move overland; also send A and C to this place forthwith.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General SIBLEY,

Saint Paul.

GENERAL: Yours of the 22nd just received. I have sent up packsaddles for all your mules required. I have also this day directed Captain Bagg, quartermaster, to have grain deposited at points from Spirit Lake to Sioux City for the use of Brackett's battalion.

Bordach Creek is a creek that empties it the Missouri near Little Soldier's Village. Of course, I understand it, all the troops you send me will be returned you. Do you intend any of them for Devil's Lake? They might start for there without going back.

I have a letter which states that the Indians have a piece of artillery with which they intend to stop boats going up the river. I have not learned the caliber, but suppose it cannot be very formidable. I excepted to have left here before this, but have been detained by bad weather preventing the loading of boats, and slow work of the quartermaster in charge of transportation, but shall leave Sunday without fail for Sioux City.

With respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

