
this, however, I have, become utterly callous. Grant very, wisely keeps away from Washington, and out of reach of the rascally politicians and shoddy contractors who infest every department of the Government and abuse everybody who will not going their axes. Banks' operations in the West are what should have been expected from a general so utterly destitute of militate of military education and packed from a general so utterly destitute of military education and militia capacity. It seems but little than murder to give important commands to such men as Banks, Butler, McClernand, Sigel, and Lew, Wallace, and yet it seems impossible to prevent it.

It Banks and Steele fail to occupy the line of Red River and the troops are withdrawn as General Grant contemplated, I fear that we shall have serious trouble in Louisiana and Arkansas, and that the navigation of the Mississippi will be greatly disturbed, if not suspended./

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK.

CAIRO, ILL., April 29, 1864.

(Received 10.10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Cipher dispatches for General Banks sent last night by an officer, with orders to take one of the rams at Memphis and proceed with all dispatch.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, April 29, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: Colonel Bailey has been ordered to build the dam with all the energy and vigor in his power. Details of men with tools and every special of material at hand have given him. Every facility will be afforded to prosecute to a speedy and favorable issue.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

FIELD ORDERS,] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 30. Alexandria, La., April 29, 1864.

* * * * *

4. No cotton will be used in the fortification of this place unless specially directed from these headquarters.

5. Major General W. B. Franklin, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, will cause the pontoon bridge to be thrown across Red River between the rapids and this place, if practicable.

6. Major General W. B. Franklin, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, will direct Brigadier General Henry W. Birge with his brigade to cross

