
that you can without your light battery as if the heavy battery was already in position. Lieutenant-Colonel Abert, assistant inspector-general, has been directed to visit you this afternoon to arrange for certain dispositions of your command.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., April 29, 18964.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: Your Field Orders, Numbers 30, extract 1, has not been executed, so far as my corps is concerned, for the reason that I desired to complete the defensive works begun last night, and because I considered that a little latitude as to time was probably contemplated by the major-general commanding the department. In view, however, of your letter received this evening, directing me to "occupy the ridge of ground about mile in your (my) front with a brigade, "&c., it vecomes important for me to know precisely what is meant. Is the brigade to occupy the wooded bayou in front of and parallel with my entrenched line, or is it to be advanced in front of the camp occupied by me yesterday morning, to the rose hedge, which is about 2 miles beyond the sugar-house? I have given directions for a brigade to occupy the wooded bayou running at right angles to Bayou Rapides, and about three-fourths of a mile above the burnt sugar-mill. If the other position is the one meant, I will advance the brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., April 29, 1864 r.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I am informed that it is contemplated to transfer Captain Foster's (First Wisconsin) battery to some other command. I am persuaded that it would be agreeable to the battery, as I know it is to me, that the battery should be allowed to remain with this corps, of which it has been a cherished part since its first organization. Pardon, general, this intrusion such delicate ground. It is mean for the best. This is the only efficient battery in my command.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., April 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division:

GENERAL: By direction of Major-General Banks you will occupy the ridge of ground about a mile in your front with a brigade, the

