
right resting on the Bayou Rapides road, the line extending in rear of the belt of timber. You will also send two regiments of your command over Bayou Rapides and relieve the cavalry now picketing between Bayou Rapides and the river. The headquarters of one regiment should he near the bayou; of the other near the river. The movement should commence at daylight. The belt of timber referred to is supposed to be the first one in front of your present line, to or near which you have already advanced a strong line of skirmishers. The positions of the two regiments that cross Bayou Rapides will be ascertained when you find the stations of the cavalry.

If the brigade should find it necessary to retire, it will resume its present entrenched position. If either or both of the two regiments should fling it necessary to retire they will fall back on the burnt sugar-mill, and one of both, as you may think best, defend that position. If only one should remain to defend it, the other will take its present entrenched position, or such other position as you may think best. It may be that the line meant by Major-General Banks is the one first occupied by you yesterday, in front of the camp of the One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. I have send to ascertain and will notify you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., April 29, 1864.

Captain SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: While the command was at Grand Ecore, captain Klauss, First Indiana Battery, was ordered by Major-General Banks to report to Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding detachment Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, with his men, his guns having been captured in the action at Sabine Cross-Roads. I supposed that the arrangement was only temporary, but Captain Klauss still remains with General Smith's command.

Respectfully,

W. J. LANDRAM,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Division.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

Alexandria, La., April 29, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters, with request that Captain klauss be ordered back to his division.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, La., April 30, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the chief of artillery.

By command of Major-General Banks;

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

