
PORT HUDSON, April 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The accompanying telegram in just received, to which the following answer has been sent:

Lieutenant WICKER,

McMallum's Plantation:

From your representation it is evident you have but one course to purse. Return at once. Answer immediately, and keep the general informed.

C. B. GASKILL,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DANL. ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[inclosure.]

McCALLUM'S PLANTATION, NEAR MORGANZA,

April 29, 1864.

Captain CHARLES S. BULKLEY,

Asst. Quartermaster, Supt. Mil. Telegraph:

From reliable information received this a. m., there are 300 reel cavalry now at near Morganza. They calculate to attack us at Old River. There are about 20 who keep just in advance of us,and pick up information as regards our force, and movements. They have a strong force at Morgan's Ferry, and thus enabled to send 500 men against us at andy time. A loyal citizen reports there are 1,500 on the other side of Atchafalaya, and says I will not be able to repair line much farther and return safely. If these reports are true, in my opinion, they intend cutting us off while going from the Mississippi to Old River, as they have nothing to fear from the howitzer on boat. What course shall I pursue? Please answer immediately.

WICKER,

Lieutenant.

THIBODEAUX, April 29, 1864.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The information you telegraphed me, which you received from General Cooke, is corroborated to a certain extent by my information since received from Brashear City. Colonel Jones reports Semmes' Battery at Opelousas and some two regiments. Acting Master Washburne, commanding naval force at Brashear, reports the turn of the gun-boat Glide from up Grand Lake, and says there is no doubt of a force at and above Franklin. This is probably the same that General Cooke reefers to. Will inform you of anything further I may [get] from scouts. Either of Captain Washburnes 'tin-clads" could go up above Butte-a-la-Rose into the Atchafalaya if you deem in expedient.

N. W. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding District.

