
Indians will of course follow them. Messrs. Vaughn and Culbertson, from Fort Union, passed through here two days since, and I had a long conference with them. They left the fort February 7 with one white man and two Assinniboine Indians as guides, passed through the Assinniboine country to Fort Garry, before reaching which they dismissed the Indians and came down by the way of Pembina.

You will probably meet them in Saint Louis, as I desired them to call upon you on their arrival there. They confirm the reports previously received of the generally hostile disposition of the Teton Sioux, and believe that boats or parties ascending the Missouri or traversing the country will be attacked. There was no snow in the upper prairies nor in the mountains, and no prospect of a rise in the Missouri, which is very low. The supplies for the Blackfeet and for parties in Idaho were still at Fort Union, with no means of forwarding them to their destination. Apprehensions were felt of an attack early in the spring by the Tetous upon Fort Union, where there are large stores of arms, ammunition, and goods, and only 15 or 20 men to guard them. I have given you this synopsis of the facts as stated by them lest you should fail to see them in person.

The horses for service in this district will be brought up as rapidly as they can be conveyed to La Crosse, and Major Brackett's battalion will be prepared for the field as soon as possible. Should I be so directed by General Pope I will dispatch the battalion as you suggest, by way of Spirit Lake, but there is no probability that the horses, &amp;c., can be received here in time to enable that command to reach Sioux City before 10th or 15th May. There shall be no delay that can be avoided in the movements of that battalion or of the column intended to join you. The Sixth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers has been ordered south, which may embarrass my operations, unless General Pope is enabled to replace it with some other regiment. I will continue to furnish you with such information as may reach me from time to time, my scouts being now in frequent communication with the upper bands of Sioux. I have no pack-saddles on hand in this district, and I suggest that you make requisition for such a number additional as you may deem necessary, as none will be required by my troops before you form a junction with them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Grand Ecore, April 4, 1864.

Honorable SALMON P. CHASE,Secretary of the Treasury, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you a copy* of a communication from Brigadier General G. L. Andrews, commanding the Corps d'Afrique in this department. He calls attention to the fact that a large number of the colored soldiers are desirous of saving a portion of their pay, and I entertain no doubt that if conveniences were provided for this and the spirit of economy encouraged, the troops would accumulate rapidly their individual savings. The same fact

---------------

*See Part II, p. 795.

---------------

