HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., April 29, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Pine Bluff;

SIR: I send the steamer Leonora down for Colonel Graves' regiment, Twelfth Michigan Volunteers. Tell the colonel to get on board as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, April 29, 1864.

Lieutenant SAMUEL J. BRUSH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Clayton cheerfully concluded to accompany me. He sent out 300 of Twenty-eight Wisconsin Infantry last night with pontoon train. Colonel Clayton, with from 200 to 300 cavalry and two light howitzers, has just gone, and will scout the country. He proposes to be at Mount Elba to-night, with Tenth-eight Wisconsin, so as to prepare the brigade. I except to be ready in two hours, and told Colonel Clayton I would move out 15 miles to-day. The ammunition arrived, but I had determined to take only enough for the expedition, our transportation is so limited. Some of the wagons that came from the Rock were out of order, and the mules here were not should, but the quartermaster thinks they will get along well. Soon let you know what stores we can take. I will require thirteen teams to take all the ammunition that came down for General Steele.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 29, 1864.

Colonel WOOD,

Commanding, Brownsville:

I have advice that 400 of the enemy crossed the Arkansas the day before yesterday, with the intention of attacking your posts and damaging the railroads. You must be on the alert; let me know if you are so, and how matters progress with you. Inform me promptly.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, ARK., April 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEST,

Little Rock:

I have a stockade of block-house at each post on the railroad. I have on horses to mount any men. With one or two companies of cavalry I could find out the movements of the enemy, and be better prepared for defense. Everything is in as good shape as can be

