HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

In the Field, Chattanooga, Tenn., April 29, 1864.

General ROSECRANS,Saint Louis, Mo.,

We need all our troops at the front. Dismounted cavalry can with easy replace infantry in block-house and as road; same at Memphis and down the river. City police and militia should take care of secret machinations of the enemy in the North. Those are plots caluted to retain there our troops. We should not fall into such a trap. That cavalry is needed at Memphis.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, April 29, 1864.

(Received 30th.)

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your telegram received. You mistake me. I do not speak of stories, threats, and ruses to keep back troops, but of what I know.

Our depot must be secured, and the prossing position of affairs in the South west demands additional caution. I have telegraphed General Grant that by returning the two regiments of infantry lately sent down to Columbus and Paducah, I could send forwarded the dismounted cavalry to your command. You may rely on my doing my utmost for you in amy way possible.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPOT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 65. Saint Louis, Mo., April 29, 1864.

It having come to the knowledge of the commanding general that combinations exist in the city of Saint Louis, having for their object to prevent journeymen mechanics, apprentices, and laborers from working in manufacturing establishments, except on terms prescribed to the proprietors thereof, by parties not interested therein, which terms have no relation to the matter of wages to be paid to employes, but to the internal management of such establishments; and it appearing that, in consequence of such combinations and the practices of those concerned in them, the operations of some establishments where articles are produced which are required for use in the navigation of the Western waters, an din the military, naval, and transport service of the United States, have been broken up, and the production of such articles topped or suspended, the following order is promulgated. Any violation thereof will be punished as a military offense:

I. No person shall directly or indirectly attempt to deter or prevent any person from working, on such terms as he may agree upon, in any manufacturing establishment where any article is ordinarily made which may be required for use in the navigation of the Western waters, or in the military, naval, or transport service of the United States.

II. No person shall watch around or hand about any such establishment for the purpose of annoying the employes thereof, or learning who are employed therein.

