
III. No association or combination shall be formed or continue, or meeting be held, having for its object to prescribe to the proprietors of any such establishment whom they shall employ therein, or how the shall conduct the operations thereof.

IV. All employes in such establishment will be protected by military authority against all attempts by any person to interfere with or annoy them in their work, or in consequence of their being engaged in it.

V. The proprietors of every established in the country of Saint Louis will forthwith transmit to the office of the provost-marshal-general the names of all persons who have, since the 15th day of March, 1864, left their employ to engage in any such combination or association as that above referred to, or have been induced to leave by the operations of any such combination or association, or by the individual efforts of any one concerned therein. The places of residence of such persons, so far as known, will be stated, together with a list, by name, of all who have taken an active part in any combination or efforts to control conduct of any such establishment or to prevent person from working therein.

VI. The post commander, Colonel J. H. Baker, Tenth Minnesota Volunteers, is charged, under the direction of the district commander, with the execution of this order. All person applying for the aid of the military forces in this connection will report direct to Colonel. Barker.

VII. In putting down this attack upon private rights and the military power of the nation by organizations lad by bad men, the general confederate relies upon the support and of the city authorities, and of all right-minded men.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,In the Field, April 29, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louise, Mo.:

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find a map of Arkansas.* The mountains and ridges separating the basins of the various water-courses have been drawn, localities of villages marked down, names added. For instance, Burrowsville, country sent of Searcy Country, and Buffalo City, in Marion Country. South of White River the mountains are known the rough under the generic name of the Boston Mountains, and extend from west to east, from eastern portion of the Indian Territory, almost tot he month of While River, in Eastern Arkansas, where they terminate into a ridge or divide, of no altitude but sufficient to throw off the watters in the basins of both the rivers, Arkansas and White. A peak or spur, a secondary branch, generally bears the name of the name of the man stream running by it; such are the King's, River, the Osage Mountain, or, again, a name borrowed from fancy, the Judan, Boat, Pilot, Greenbrier Mountains.

Thought the map in many respects is incomplete and even erroneous in the platting of localities, a glance at it will suffice you to

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

