
both lay and clerical, called my attention to the facts that many assemblages of minister and teachers of relation of various denominations were to convene during the spring and summer, in which would doubtless be many persons openly and avowedly hostile to the National and State Governments; that in one, most of them would be open enemies of the Union. They also proved me to take such measures as that those assemblages should not be used to concoct treason or injure the national cause. What was to be done?

If all who clair to meet for religious purposes can do so without question, a convection from Price;'s army, under the garb of religion, may assemble with impunity and plot treason in our midst.

If, on the contrary, religions assemblies, really such, are scrutinized with the same freedom as political meetings of unknown or doubtful character, not only would it be necessary to inquire int o the ministerial character of its members, but their public and private proceedings must be watched, that could not me perpetrated without detection and punishment, which would occasion a most irksome interference with personal privacy and the freedom of religious action. As the general commanding this department, my duty to the country and the people of the State required me to protect them from the machinations on enemies, who under cover of the freedom of religion, should attempt to conceal plans and counsels opposed to the interests of peace and safety of the State and nation, while as a Christian I feel bound to secure religion from the danger and disgrace of being used as the cloak of malice, and its freedom from a surveillance freely exercised over political meetings.

To fulfill these duties, the provost-marshal-general was instructed as follows:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 5, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri:

COLONEL: In the opinion of the general commanding, the interests of the country require that due protection should be given with the limits of this department to religious convocations and other religious assemblages of person whose function it is to teach religion and mobility to the people. But at the present time he deems it expedient that the members of such assemblages should be required to give satisfactory evidence of their loyalty to the Government of the United States, as a condition precedent to such privilege of assemblage and protection. The major-general commanding desires that you take such steps as in your judgment will best secure these objects.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Upon these instruction the provost-marshal-general issued the order to which your letter alluded. In that order as now enforced he protects these meetings and dispenses with surveillance of the members or proceeding, on the simple and easy condition that the members individually assure him of their loyalty in either one of the following ways:

First. By certifying on honor that they have sworn to support the Constitution and Government of the United States and the provisional government of this Stete, as require by the laws thereof to enable ministers to solemnize marriage, each at the time and place set opposite his name; or,

Second. By taking an oath of the form prescribed in the order.

