
is true of men, women, and children on the plantations. They are now subject to imposition of various kinds, and suffer, not only from their own prodigality, but from the rapacity of sharpers who prey upon them.

It seems just that there should be something more permanent as a depository for their savings than any individual or private company can offer. I would suggest the expediency of ingrafting upon the Treasury of the United States at New Orleans a savings bank for this class of people exclusively--for colored soldiers and laborers who have been emancipated from slavery. Mr. May, the treasurer, has signified his willingness to attend to this duty, and if it were authorized I am very sure it would be of great advantage for this class of people and for the Government. I earnestly ask your early consideration of this subject.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Secretary Stanton.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Grand Ecore, La., April 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans, La.:

I beg leave to submit the following report for the records of the adjutant-general's office of the department: On the 17th ultimo the following-named members of the staff left New Orleans upon the steamer Nebraska for Alexandria, La.: Brigadier General C. P. Stone, chief of staff; Brigadier General R. Arnold, chief of artillery; Colonel J. S. Clark, aide-de-camp; Colonel H. B. Sargent, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Abert, assistant inspector-general; Major George B. Drake, assistant adjutant-general; Major G. N. Lieber, judge-advocate; Surg. R. H. Alexander, medical director; Major C. J. von Hermann, aide-de-camp; Captain F. W. Marston, chief signal officer; Lieutenant W. S. Beebe, ordnance officer; Lieutenant Simpson, secretary to the general.

The draught of the Nebraska being too great for Red River, it was considered necessary to change to the Laurel Hill. Arrived at Alexandria at 2.30 p. m., 19th, finding Admiral Porter's fleet, Brigadier General A. J. Smith's command, consisting of detachments of Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps, according to report accompanying, and the advance of Brigadier-General Lee's division of cavalry, all of which came up upon the day following. Upon the 20th, the steamers Baltic and Mars, two of General Smith's transports, were sent to Turnbull's Island, under charge of Major Lieber, to bring forward the First Brigade, First Division, Corps d'Afrique. Cotton on plantations in the vicinity was to a great extent burned by scouting parties of rebels. A reconnaissance in force on the 21st, consisting of General Mower's division of the Sixteenth Corps and Colonel Lucas' brigade of Cavalry Division, Department of the Gulf, pushed out upon the Bayou Rapides road to Henderson's Hill, where a force of rebel cavalry was posted. A full report is inclosed, made by Colonel T. J. Lucas, commanding cavalry brigade.* Colonel H. B. Sargent, who accompanied the expedition, was severely wounded.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 463.

---------------

