
I am quite sure that upon proper understanding and reflection the friends of religion and its freedom will thank me as much as do the friends of the Union for this order. I regret to say that while I have abundant evidence of their satisfaction, I know of very few who have complained of it who have been remarkable for loyalty. Most of them have been remarkable for their sympathy with the rebellion, and now live in our midst, croaking, fault-finding, an even rejoicing in the notion's struggles and reverses like the impious son of Noah who uncovered and mocked at the nakedness of his father.

It is easy to see that such persons injure the cause of religious freedom as they do that of the country. From what has been said it is manifest that the order, while providing against public danger, protect the freedom and purity of religion on the one hand from disgraceful complicity with treason, and on the other from an irksome surveillance which would otherwise become necessary in times of public danger.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, April 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING, Commanding:

Company H, Second Missouri Heany Artillery, arrived last evening. I would like to send one company of them to Bloomfield. There are two companies here now, and one is all that is necessary here to take care of the guns and works. They would be better at Bloomfield than cavalry, on account of forage.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., April 29, 1864.

Colonel J. F. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Sedalia, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have requested Major-General Rosecrans to order sent to you 1,000 stand of arms and equipments, and that, if consistent,

they be double-barreled guns. As soon as the answer is received I will advise you. These arms had better be issued by Lieutenant Becker, upon requisition, in the usual manner. The captains of the citizens guards should make them in duplicate, and in blank, to be filled as the character of the arms and ammunition may require.

It is not expected to give all the members arms, but I wish to distribute them pro rata among the unarmed men, taking into consideration the number they have and the especial wants of exposed localities. I am informed that Brigadier-General Gray makes some objection to furnishing arms, and it is possible tat we shall be compelled to wain the arrival of the Governor (though the arrival of the rebels may remove the objections), and obtain his orders. I give you these views so that you may be prepared to issue the arms as soon as they arrive, if my recommendation to Major-General Rosecrans is complied with.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

