HEADQUARTERS,Snibar Station, April 29, 1864.

General BROWN,

Warrensburg:

I am here with Companies D, F, K, and M, and will move forward easterly and southeasterly in two or three bodies immediately, and have established a depot here for supplies, guarded by the dismounted men of Companies M and H. Have ordered Major Smith, with Companies A, B, and E, to Lone Jack, who will arrive there probably to-day. The enemy are probably moving on Lexington or Wellinton, and their force is estimated at about 100. The companies all got here by 10 o'clock last night.

THEO. H. DODD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., April 29, 1864-11.45 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel THEO. H. DODD and Major SMITH,

In the Field, Lone Jack:

The commanding general directs that Major Smith will move with two companies from Lone Jack, and watch for the enemy, from Hickman Mills, or some point south of Independence. Your command is too much in the eastern part of the county. The enemy will double by you to the west or cross the river. He does not intend to attack posts or troops unless compelled to. Your companies are sufficient to watch for him in the vicinity of Lone Jack and protect Pleasant Hill. The First Missouri State Militia are moving from La Fayette County, part of them following the enemy. They have your signals. The enemy are in Federal uniform. These instructions will be observed, if you have no information that renders it necessary to vary from it; if so, report your movements.

JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 29, 1864.

Colonel J. H. MOSS,

Liberty, Mo., via Kansas City, Mo.:

Information shows that the Missouri rebels are returning in squads to reinaugurate the scenes of murder and robbery which have desolated your county during the past three years. I expect from you and the Enrolled Militia under your command such a reception for them as will amply vindicate you all from the charges of disloyalty which have been urged against you at these headquarters. Your first duty is to organize for active operations and to provide means for detecting and promptly repressing any movements threatening the peace and security of your sub-district. Acknowledge receipt of this order, and report to your district commander your condition and dispositions.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

