
APRIL 29, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

Your dispatch received. Keep open full communication with all your posts and with Brown and Guitar. Has Colonel Marsh, assistant provost-marshal-general, arrived? Tell him the general says be careful not to allow the events of the Sandusky trip to be re-enacted.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 29, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Two bands of 70 or 80 rebels each are in the Central District, going north. Notify the Enrolled Militia that now is the time when I expect them to justify the confidence reposed in them and put these bushwhackers to the wall. Get ready to aid them there promptly.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 29, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of Northern Missouri:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that your information relative to Jackman is not good; that our information he knows to be reliable; that he knows that Glasgow would have been attacked when it was so reported but for circumstances that occurred outside of this department, and he desires to impress it upon you that it will not do to look at the surface of things and to take it for granted that no storm is brewing, because you cannot yourself hear the thunder. The general commanding desires you to keep your troops well in hand, establishing convenient places of rendezvous, so that when necessary they can be moved promptly, as it is a well-established fact that there are disloyal organizations of a most dangerous character, thoroughly organized and ready on the first favorable opportunity to act on the offensive, in nearly every county.

You should tell loyal league societies that they can best serve the interests of the State by keeping you promptly and fully advised of all rumors of rebel or bushwhacker movements, charging them particularly to carefully trace back all such rumors to the source from which they emanated, as the presumption is that the originators or original disseminators of such reports are either participants in or instigators of such movements. The general also desires that you impress it upon the Enrolled Missouri Militia, Paw Paws, &amp;c., that now is their time for showing themselves true and loyal citizens; that they should be active and vigilant, and by the fidelity with which they perform their duties show that they are worthy of the confidence reposed in them by the Government.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

