HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, DIST. OF SOUTH KANSAS,Mound City, April 29, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Paola:

CAPTAIN: Since I wrote you this morning I have received a letter from Colonel Hoyt calling for more troops at Olathe. I would like to get Company F, of my regiment, now at Fort Scott, as suggested this morning, and then I would move Company L, Fifth, from Shawneetown to Olathe. If that cannot be done, Company L, Fifth, will have to come to Potosi, and as the discipline and conduct of that company is scarcely up to the mark (according to report), I dislike placing it there on the border. If this latter must be the plan, could you not send a company of the Sixteenth to Olathe for post duty? There can be no danger inland if the border is properly protected; hence I would use the Sixteenth nearer the danger. None of the Sixteenth are under my command yet, as I understand matters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, April 29, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Department of Kansas:

SIR: Send the guns to Fort Lyon. McLain's independent battery company will meet them there. Captain McLain starts for Leavenworth to-morrow to receipt for artillery ordnance. Ninth Wisconsin Battery is en route from Fort Lyon to Council Grove. As soon as General Mitchell or Colonel Collins relieves my troops at Camp Collins and Camp Sanborn, I will concentrate them on the Arkansas. I desire authority to build military telegraph from here to Fort Lyon. Wire is here and can be had; cost will not be much, and can be done quickly. I then can have headquarters at Lyon. I also desire authority to move with my command over into Northwestern Texas, if for nothing but a raid. Can make the most successful one of the war, in my judgment. If there should be further Indian troubles, which does not seem probable, the militia are armed and can take care of them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., April 29, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Department of Kansas:

Can you obtain the authority from the War Department to call out Colorado militia in case of extreme necessity? Our people will be terribly scared with no protection left them. Don't think they will be needed, but by possibility they may.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.

