HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, April 29, 1864.

Governor JOHN EVANS,

Denver, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you of the receipt of recent information from department headquarters to the effect that we are threatened with rebel invasion on the southeastern border of this Territory, an event which is likely to necessitate a concentration of the troops in this district at the point threatened, thus withdrawing garrisons from the various stations.

In view of the unprotected state of the southwestern part of the Territory in such a contingency, I would respectfully suggest that you authorize a recruitment of a battery company in the counties of Conejos and Costillo, and such others as in your judgment seem advisable. The recruits could be rationed and otherwise supplied from Fort Garland as fast as enlisted, thus saving to the Government the usually great expenses of enlistments. This company, if raised, would, in my judgment, contribute much to the security of that section of the Territory. If this proposal should meet your favorable notice and action, I would respectfully suggest the appointment as recruiting officer, to be captain of said company when it is raised, First Lieutenant George H. Stilwell, First Cavalry of Colorado, who is a good officer and thoroughly competent for the proposed duty.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., April 29, 1864.

(Received 1.40 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

There is no difficulty on any route in reaching the Missouri River from the east. I have only been able to find one man who knows anything personally of the country north of the Platte-between that river and the upper Missouri. Below Fort Benton there is little doubt that the region north of the Black Hills is practicable anywhere, but enough is not known of it to enable me to express an opinion of the best route. General Sully's expedition this summer will probably explore it thoroughly. Until more is known of its detailed topography I cannot recommend any particular route; probably the course of Grand River will be the best.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., April 29, 1864.

General SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

There is not the slightest danger of the Sixth being ordered away. I have communicated both with General Halleck and Mr. Stanton, and have their assurance that it shall not be done.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

