
WASHINGTON, April 30, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General BANKS,

Via Cairo, Ill.,

Major-General STEELE,

Via Little Rock, Ark.:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that orders heretofore given be so modified that no troops be withdrawn from operations against Shreveport and on Red River, and that operations there be continued under the senior officer in command until further orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., April 30, 1864.

Commodore PALMER,

Commanding Fleet at New Orleans:

Since writing my letter to the admiral (or to yourself, as commanding the fleet at New Orleans) I have had an interview with Admiral Porter. He expresses a strong desire that such boats as can be spared may be sent to the Red River. The tin-clads that lately have been sent down can be used to advantage. I hope, myself, that you will send some strong boats. It is not impossible that the navigation of the river may be severely contested. We are in good condition and in the best possible spirits.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., April 30, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: The following instructions, which will not be printed, are furnished by order of the Secretary of War, for your information and guidance, and are to be sent by you to the officers under your command to whom they will apply:

I. Generals commanding armies and army corps in the field will take the proper measures to supply, so far as may be possible, the wants of their troops, in animals and provisions, from the territory through which military operations are conducted. Private property so taken will be receipted and accounted for in accordance with existing orders. Special care will be taken to remove horses, mules, live stock, and all means of transportation from hostile districts infested or liable to be infested by guerrilla bands of rebels.

II. Commanding officers will establish proper regulations, in accordance with the usages and customs of war, for the enforcement of this order.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

