
FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 31. Alexandria, La., April 30, 1864.

* * * * *

3. The Cavalry Division, under command of Brigadier General Richard Arnold, will report direct to these headquarters.

* * * * *

9. Brigadier General Henry W. Birge, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty with the Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and will at once proceed to Baton Rouge and relieve Brigadier General Philip St. George Cooke from the command of that post.

10. Brigadier General Philip St. George Cooke, U. S. Army, is relieved from duty in this department, and will at once proceed to Washington, D. C., and report to the Adjutant-General of the Army in person.

11. Colonel N. A. M. Dudley is relieved from all duty with the cavalry of this department, and will await in New Orleans the return of his regiment from the North. On its arrival Colonel Dudley will assume command of it.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Port Hudson, La., April 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf:

SIR: The department of the greater portion of the available troops from this post has necessitated the withdrawal of all of the artillery from the outer line of works, and its concentration within the interior line of defenses. This course was recommended by General Andrews previous to his departure. The troops are being concentrated in and near the inner works, and the artillery is now in position along that line.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, April 30, 1864.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: It is the wish of the major-general commanding that as many beef-cattle be collected in the vicinity of this place as possible. He desires you to direct the officers of your command, when returning from expeditions or from advanced picket duty, to drive in as many cattle as possible without leaving the line of march. All cattle so collected will be turned over to Captain Herbert, commissary of subsistence, at headquarters of the Nineteenth Army Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

