
Headquarters train arrived on the 23rd by way of Opelousas. Major-General Banks arrived on the 24th, accompanied by Colonel Wilson, aide-de-camp; Captain R. T. Dunham, aide-de-camp; Captain J. S. Crosby, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant J. L. Andrew, secretary to the general, by the steamer Black Hawk.

The First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, arrived on the 25th, encamping at the edge of town. On the 26th, Brigadier-General Smith's command marched out upon the river road to the point where the Bayou Rapides empties into the Red River. Brigadier-General Ransom's command, Third and Fourth Divisions, Thirteenth Corps, arrived. The transports of General Smith's command crossed the falls on the 27th and 28th safely, with the exception of the hospital-boat Woodford, which struck and sunk. General Franklin moved with his entire command on the 28th for Natchitoches, Admiral Porter's fleet crossing the rapids. On the 3rd of April, headquarters moved upon the Black Hawk to Grand Ecore, 4 miles from Natchitoches. Up to this date the steamers Illinois, Luminary, Meteor, Jennie Rogers, Alice Vivian, Rob Roy, La Crosse, Iberville, Laurel Hill, Universe, and Colonel Cowles have arrived, bringing commissary and quartermaster stores.

On the 2nd instant orders were issued to the chief quartermaster to establish a daily line of steamers for dispatch-boats between New Orleans and Alexandria; a copy of the letter of instructions will be found inclosed.* General Lee's advance entered Natchitoches on the 1st instant, with but slight opposition, and General Franklin upon the following day. The gun-boats and General Smith's command on transports arrived at Grand Ecore on the 3rd. Skirmishes took place at Pleasant Hill and Campti on the 2nd and 4th, respectively, between General Lee's force and forces of the rebels. Full reports will be forwarded as soon as received. The cotton on every plantation between a point near Alexandria and Natchitoches and beyond is reported burned by the enemy. The fires were distinctly seen on plantations at a distance from the line of route, while the cotton on fire showed plainly the veracity of the reports. Upon those upon the line comparatively small quantities have been secured, considering the crops on hand.

I have the honor to be, very sincerely, yours,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Grand Ecore, April 4, 1864.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,Chief Q. M., Dept. of the Gulf, Alexandria or New Orleans:

COLONEL: The army will probably advance on Shreveport on Wednesday morning. To-day has been, and to-morrow will be, occupied in filling up the trains. Of the boats here from New Orleans the following disposition is made: The Black Hawk will remain the headquarters boat. The Luminary will be sent to Alexandria to ply between that and New Orleans, and she can be well used as far up Red River as this point. The Jennie Rogers, Universe, and Colonel Cowles will continue up the river with supplies and troops. The rob

---------------

*See Stone to Holabird, p. 18.

---------------

