HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, April 30, 1864.

Brigadier General HENRY W. BIRGE:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that, in relieving Brigadier General Philip St. George Cooke in command of Batton Rouge, you will find that post in a bad condition. The movements of the enemy in that neighborhood have been of late characterized by great boldness. The commanding general hopes that you will clear the country between the Amite and Port Hudson of their presence.

Your attention is also directed to the fact that goods are smuggled through our lines at this point, and that permits are abused. You will please for the present prohibit any goods or supplies leaving Baton Rouge for the interior, and begin it again gradually, when and as you may deem best. The commanding general directs that you will make frequent reports to these headquarters of the condition of affairs at Baton Rouge, and, as far as in your knowledge may lie, at Port Hudson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C. Numbers 14. Camp Numbers 20, in the Field, April 30, 1864.

I. The march will commence to-morrow morning at 4 a.m., in order as follows:

First. Dismounted cavalry of that division and one regiment of infantry, escorting all the trains, to be designated by Brigadier-General Salomon.

Second. Third Division, Brigadier General F. Salomon.

Third. Frontier Division, Brigadier General J. M. Thayer.

II. All wagons of the command, except those of general headquarters. Five wagons for each division, and such as may be required to carry the ordnance stores remaining after issue. All ambulances will be retained.

All surplus of wagons will be gathered together and destroyed, under direction of the chief quartermaster, to whom, upon his request, division commanders will afford details to accomplish the purpose. The animals for the residue of the transportation and the artillery will be taken of the best that are from the destroyed wagons.

III. The medical director will organize a hospital in which, with supplies and surgical aid, will be left such wounded as may be fatally or dangerously wounded, or so seriously that transportation will result in permanent injury. Others will be taken in the ambulance.

IV. All the commissary supplies will be at once issued equally to the command.

V. Every man of the command will carry 60 rounds of ammunition; 40 in the boxes, and 20 in the knapsack or haversack.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

GEO. O. SOKALSKI,

First Lieutenant, Second Cav., and A. A. A. G.

