
somebody. You may rest assured that such will be the rule. If the Government will meet my demands for force we shall have no trouble.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., April 30, 1864.

E. M. SAMUEL, Liberty, Mo.:

The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your note of April 21, and to reply that Captain Younger will be permitted to fill up his company to the maximum. The general proposes to visit Liberty as soon as he possibly can, at which time he will be pleased to meet and confer quietly with some of your best and most reliable loyal citizens.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

PAOLA, KANS., April 30, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Company A, Fifteenth Kansas, is at Pleasant Grove, Woodson County, Kans., and Company G, Fifteenth Kansas, is at Olathe, Kans.

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., April 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General SIBLEY:

I answered yesterday, by telegraph your letter concerning the Sixth Regiment, which will not be withdrawn from Minnesota until the summer campaign is over. I do not understand your dispatch to Colonel Myers about delay in consequence of non-arrival of horses. One thousand have already reached you, and I presume 300 more, at least, will be in Saint Paul by the time this letter reaches you. Let us understand. You were to send 1,600 mounted men to Sully. A large part of this force is to be infantry, who will be mounted mostly, as I understand you, on horses turned in by the First Mounted Rangers (mustered out). About 2,000 horses are to go up to Saint Paul to mount Second Cavalry and Brackett's and Hatch's battalions.

You have now fully 1,000 horses besides those for Brackett. These with the horses of the late mounted rangers, are nearly all that you need for the force you are to send to the Missouri. A week or so, more or less, is not of importance in remounting Hatch's battalion and the balance of the Second Cavalry. I cannot, therefore see how a delay of a few days in forwarding the remainder of the horses can in the least affect the sending of the force to Sully. I am thus particular and urgent, general, because it is very essential that your force should reach Sully in time. I cannot endure the idea of

