
field without delay, and when ready for the field, will order it to rejoin the First Brigade, Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, to which it belongs, now serving with the forces in Northwestern Louisiana.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Grand Ecore, April 4, 1864.

Brigadier General C. GROVER,Commanding at Alexandria:

GENERAL: The corps of Franklin and Smith are all here and at Natchitoches. All will soon be in movement. I send the Gazelle gun-boat down to escort the Laurel Hill up. On her goes a messenger with dispatches, whom you will please forward to New Orleans by first opportunity, unless the one left at Alexandria is still there. In the latter case both bags will be put in charge of one and sent to New Orleans, and the other will be sent back here. Please send up whatever dispatches may be at Alexandria and any mail for the army by messenger to these headquarters on the gunboat Gazelle.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GRAND ECORE, April 4, 1864.

General C. GROVER,

Commanding at Alexandria:

GENERAL: The army will probably move forward on Wednesday morning, but it may be delayed one day. There has been some smart skirmishing with the rear guard of the enemy near Pleasant Hill, and a few killed and some 25 prisoners taken. Our loss was 1 mortally and from 4 to 5 severely wounded. There is some force on the opposite bank of the river, with which our cavalry skirmished this morning. Price is reported to have crossed the Red River and joined Taylor. Doubtful.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GRAND ECORE, April 4, 1864.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Nineteenth and Detach. Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you immediately fill your trains for ten days' march and prepare to move as rapidly and as promptly as practicable against the enemy on the Shreveport road.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

