
LITTLE ROCK, AKR., May 1, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS, Pine Bluff, Ark:

General Steele's order for you to remain at Pine Bluff must hold good until we can hear further.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Jacksonport, Ark., May 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST, Commanding, Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 5 a.m. this day I received a telegram from Little Rock, per steamer Sir William Wallace, of which the following is a true copy:

LITTLE ROCK, April 29, 1864.

Colonel LIVINGSTON,

Commanding, Jacksonport:

Send by the Westmoreland all the cavalry she can carry to Devall's Bluff, ready for active duty.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

And that in consequence thereof I immediately ordered all the serviceable horses of this command to be saddled and ready to move at once. The steamer Sir William Wallace could only take 56 horses and men, and was promptly dispatched. The steamer Raymond arrived at 12 m. and reported other boats coming, and that the whole command of his district was ordered down the river, which looked probable from the fact of additional boats to the one named in the telegram above being sent, though no additional instructions were received by me. I put 96 horses and men on the Raymond, all she could carry on board, and now have 150 more awaiting the arrival of further transportation.

I will have left here about 800 effective men and at Batesville 500, a few sick in each command. I have at Jacksonport two very fine 3-inch Parrott rifled pieces, with all necessary equipments to move the same. I am ready an anxious to bring my command into the service against the enemy as a whole, and have to state that the detachments First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry and Eleventh Regiment Missouri Cavalry, sent by the transports this day, are made up of details from all the squadrons of their respective regiments, being the serviceable horses of each squadron and regiment.

I trust that this fact will lead to their speedy return if the remainder of this command does not follow soon, as these two regiments (Eleventh Missouri and First Nebraska Cavalry) will be badly mutilated by having these men reported on detached service, leaving, as it will, fragments here. On a pinch, for short service I could mount possibly 300 more men in these two regiments if desired. The enemy is 1,500 strong, and threatening me from the east side of Cache River. I state this for the information of the commanding general. I should be pleased to take my whole force to Little Rock and return it here when the necessity had passed. I can turn out 1,600 good fighting men. The First Nebraska is a veteran regiment and often tried.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel 1st Regiment Nebr. Cav. Vet. Vols., Commanding Dist. N. E. Ark.

