
CULPEPER, VA., May 1, 1864-10 a.m.

(Received 11.35 a.m.)

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Saint Louis:

Have you sent any troops from your department at any time in obedience to orders from me? The troops which you are detaining, without authority and in violation of orders, are a part of the garrison for keeping open the Mississippi. With the troops belonging to your department proper, with other commanders interposing between you and all organized forces of the enemy, I do not understand your threat of disaster as a consequence of permitting veterans to return to where they belong, unless it means that you must do as you please or be held in no way responsible. You can bring troops from places where you have more than is necessary to hold your depots safely.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., May 1, 1864-8.30 p.m.

(Received 12.40 a.m., 2nd.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

Your telegram received. By your orders I have sent away the only two regiments of infantry I have at this post, one of which is put in garrison at Columbus, the other at Paducah. By your telegraphic order I armed the dismounted cavalry and put them on guard duty here in place of the infantry sent away. No further order of yours came to me until yesterday. I telegraphed to say that if these guards are sent away and not replaced the 8,000 armed secret-society men, whose intended raising has been postponed, but the preparations for which rebel cavalry from the South Were already beginning, would seize that opportunity, burn our depot, and do us irreparable damage. This matter of the secret society must be kept perfectly secret until I can secure names and evidence which will enable me to seize and convict the ringleaders and crush the organization, which is widespread. If you think it safe after my statement of these facts to risk sending off these troops without bringing some disciplined infantry to take their place, your orders will be obeyed.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MAY 1, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Shall the dismounted cavalry be sent forward without arms? They had none when they came here, and Colonel Callender has not yet received cavalry arms to supply them all.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

