
PLEASANT HILL, May 1, 1864.

(Received 5.20 p.m.)

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg:

Arrived here at 3 o'clock. Rebels scattered in small squads all through the country. Report is that other bands are moving up. All the troops had left below. I have ordered Major Pritchard back with three squadrons, with orders to scout thoroughly the Grand and prevent other bands from crossing. Have not been able to hear from Dodd as to the disposition of the balance of the regiment.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

NEOSHO, MO., May 1, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding Southwest District of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have information that there are some 800 to 1,200 rebels on Grand River, near Gilstrop's Ferry. I am inclined to believe the report. The report came from a woman, who says she saw 60 or the rebels. She saw Stand Watie and talked with him, so she says. She says Stand Watie has 400 men. Colonel Pickens has 300, and the balance belong to Cooper. She also says they were looking for Quantrill to join them with 600 men. She says that they intend to attack the train that is now on its way from Fort Scott. She says that they calculate to take my command in out of the wet, but they will have a good time in doing it. I have a small fort very near completed. I can whip a thousand if attacked. I will ascertain the truth of the report. I have sent Captain Ruark, with 20 men, with instructions to go to Gilstrop's Ferry, or near enough to ascertain the truth of the report. When he returns I will report to you immediately.

General, I am, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Major, Commanding Detachment Eighth Cavalry, M. S. M.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 1, 1864.

Major F. S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp, Department Headquarters, Sainty Louis:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of 29th ultimo, and assure you that I am not unmindful of the dangers that are but slumbering beneath the apparently peaceful surface of affairs in this State. From a close personal inspection of the condition of things in this district, and from the most reliable information I can gather, I reached the conclusion that we must expect and prepare for trouble. Rebellion in Missouri "is not dead, but sleepeth." The successive reverses that have followed our arms at the front within the past few weeks have partially roused the slumbering monster, and with a decided reverse to our arms in Virginia and Georgia we may confidently expect a full-grown growl from every jungle in the State.

