
I desire to impress upon the general commanding the imperative and immediate necessity of more troops in this district. I have less than 500 men for duty. During the spring and summer months of last year, when the rebels were disarmed, there were five regiments (nearly 6,000 men) stationed in this district. At this time every rebel in North Missouri is armed cap-a-pie. There are double the number of fire-arms and ten times the quantity of ammunition in the possession of out-and-out disloyalists in North Missouri than at any previous time during the rebellion. I believe that with decided success with our armies in the field the great mass of Missouri rebels would be passively loyal and quiet, but with reverses look out for a storm. Let us be prepared for the worst.

The militia of the district have already rendered much valuable service, for which they have not been paid. Delay in payment has cause much discontent among men who have been taken from their farms and workshops for months. I would be glad if they could receive the early attention of the proper authorities. I very much need about 2,000 reliable U. S. volunteers, troops who do not know the people, and consequently will not enter into all the neighborhood quarrels and personal animosities that disturb the people. I will thank you, major, to bring this matter before the general commanding at the earliest moment. Rebels are drifting through the lines and crossing the river to this side daily. More then one-half of the amnestied Confederates would be easier taken care of if in front of us openly in arms against the Union. I have succeeded in producing a much better state of feeling in the Northwest. It was a good move, the establishing my wigwam among the tribe of Paw Paws. The enrollment has been very thorough in this district.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, May 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN DONIPHAN,

Weston, Mo.:

COLONEL: The villains of whom you write committed three murders in the lower part of this county this morning, and they left for Platte County. We are pursuing them with 100 men from Saint Joe and some militia from the neighborhood of the murders. I hope some of our detachments will find them and visit swift and sure destruction upon them. I have advised all the outposts, and they are on the alert.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

PAOLA, KANS., May 1, 1864.

Major E. G. ROSS,

Lawrence, Kans.:

Get ready with Company E and two howitzers to make tour along Santa Fe trail to Fort Larned.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

