
PAOLA, KANS., May 1, 1864.

Colonel T. MOONLIGHT,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

Company A, Sixteenth [Kansas], will be at Osawatomie to-morrow, but not armed yet. If no other arrangement is made I will send you Company H from here in course of the week. Mean time arrange with Colonel Blair for a small force, taken from both brigades, if necessary, to hold Potosi until relieved. I think Olathe is better provided than almost any other point. Company F and part of Company G, Fifteenth [Kansas], are there now, and the full company will be soon, so that Colonel Hoyt will have the same force as before Major Haas left.

THOS J. McKEAN,

Brigadier General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

PAOLA, KANS., May 1, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

You can bring Captain Kendall's company to Fort Scott if you choose. You can arm them better if you do. You know what troops you have along your own border; make your own disposition of them. I think it important just now that a company should be at Potosi, and if you can spare F send it there to report to Colonel Moonlight.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

COUNCIL GROVE, KANS., May 1, 1864.

General CURTIS:

Is it not possible to get, say, 500 cavalry arms for use on the border? I have plenty of infantry arms, but they are not suitable for scouting. There are in this district about 3,000 men. I should like to have, say, 500 for mounted service. I have received accounts of Quantrill and a request from Captain Dunlap, Fort Riley, and shall be on the alert. I send inclosed orders to-day all over my district. Excuse nervousness; I sleep none last night. I refer you to Major Hunt as to necessity for cavalry arms here. There are a couple of deserters here from rebel army; came a week ago; say Quantrill is at Fort Washita, on Red River. I do not think he is in Missouri, but some body is. I fear for some of our trains on the road west, but if one is captured it will take traveling to escape with it.

Your obedient servant,

S. N. WOOD.

P. S.-I see the old Missouri Sixth is doing good service in Louisiana. Captains Breese and DeGress both wounded at Pleasant Hill.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIST., KANSAS STATE MIL., Numbers 3. Council Grove, Kans., April 25, 1864.

I. In answer to many inquiries, it is hereby ordered that all regimental or company organizations, together with the officers of the same, organized under the old law, be recognized as such.

25 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

