
II. No vacancy will be filled in any regiment or company for any officer not provided for in the new law.

III. There will be no election in any company for the office of lieutenant so long as two lieutenants remain in the company. The ensign will act as fifth or color sergeant, and no election will be had for the fifth sergeant until the office of ensign shall become vacant.

IV. Regimental surgeons will examine all persons applying for exemption from military duty, on account of disability, on the payment of a fee of $2, and will give a certificate showing the nature of the disability and opinion as to fitness or ability of applicant to perform military duty.

V. Where any company becomes reduced below the required number (32 rank and file) the officer commanding regiment will disband such company and allow its members to enroll in some other company.

VI. All official communications must be sent through company and regimental and brigade headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General S. N. Wood, commanding:

H. C. AKIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIST., KANSAS STATE MIL., Numbers 4. Council Grove, May 1, 1864.

I wish to call your attention to the following alarming news:

FORT SCOTT, April 27, 1864.

Seventy men, supposed to be rebels, from their dress, horses, and accouterments, passed north, 30 miles east of this place, day before yesterday, heading toward Boonville, Mo.

KANSAS CITY, MO., April 28, 1864.

Eighty guerrillas crossed Grand River, near Dayton, Bates County, this morning at 3 o'clock, going toward Rose Hill. The commanding officer at Fort Riley asks that a sufficient force of your command be kept on the alert to guard against surprise, and that you keep these headquarters posted as to any apparent demonstrations from bushwhackers or Confederate troops that may reach you.

The indications from Washington are that the entire militia force of the country will be called into active service, and whilst I do not wish to raise any unnecessary alarm, or to take men more than is necessary from their usual occupations, yet the "first duty of the citizen is to his country." There is no use to raise crops unless we can enjoy them. It is therefore ordered:

I. That the entire militia in this district hold themselves in readiness for active service in the field.

II. Commanding officers of regiments, battalions, companies, and squads will be active and efficient in their duties, will not only see that their commands are properly organized, armed and equipped, but will be constantly on the alert and keep these headquarters thoroughly posted as to all movements of the enemy, and, if necessary, act instantly. Do not wait for orders, but report all of your acts immediately, if necessary, by special messenger.

III. Report immediately the number and kind of arms you have on hand, and amount of ammunition. Caution your men, and be very careful not to waste ammunition. If any of your command are unarmed, report the fact at once. I can supply rifled muskets, at least, to all exposed places.

