
IV. The commanding officer of each company unarmed in Lyon, Morris, Chase, Butler, and Marion Counties will immediately, through regimental commanders make requisition for arms, and detail a team to go to Topeka for the same.

V. Commanding officers of companies must be more thorough at their monthly drill, and require each man to be present, unless sick, or enter complaint, and have them fined or imprisoned according to law.

VI. Commanding officers of companies, within five days after each muster, will report to regimental headquarters the officers by name and number of men present for duty, and all absentees by name, with reasons of absence. The regimental commander will immediately send an abstract of the same to these headquarters.

Persons refusing to enroll on account of "conscientious scruples" will be reported to me before other proceedings are had.

VII. The new militia law having been printed and distributed there can be no excuse from officers for neglect of duty, and they will be held to a strict accountability.

VIII. Keep a strict watch over all suspicious characters, aid the civil officers, put down brawls, arrest thieves, and, above all, kill bushwhackers and guerrillas. This part of Kansas must be protected. The regular forces are needed in the field, and we must rely upon ourselves and each other.

By order of Brigadier General S. N. Wood, commanding:

H. C. AKIN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., May 1, 186.

Major J. DOWNING,

Junction, Colo. Ter.:

Lieutenant Eayre is out on the Republican with two howitzers and 100 men. Have ordered Company B to report to you, leaving only enough to take care of things at Collins. If route is clear, and in your judgment there is no more danger, you will gradually withdraw your forces, keeping a sharp eye on things as you do it. No howitzers mounted. I find Kennedy is commissioned second lieutenant. Dick failed.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 12. Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 1, 1864.

I. The Apaches of Arizona have been hostile ever since we have occupied that Territory, and now that the Navajo war is drawing to a successful termination, an earnest effort must be made not only to punish them for their continued murders, accompanied, as many of those murders have been, by burnings at the stake and by tortures of the most atrocious character, but either by their removal to a reservation or by the utter extermination of their men, to insure a lasting peace and a security of life to all those who go to that country to search for the previous metals.

