
II. The plan of operations against these Apaches may, in general terms, be indicated as follows: Colonel Edwin A. Rigg, First Infantry, California Volunteers, with a force of 500 infantry and cavalry, will establish a post upon the Gila River, near the confluence of the Rio de Sauz (the exact site to be selected by Lieutenant Colonel Nelson H. Davis, assistant inspector-general, U. S. Army), and here Colonel Rigg will have his depot of supplies. From this post, which is in a central position, the troops, in such parties with regard to strength as Colonel Rigg may indicate, will march in every direction to points where the enemy may be found.

III. The transportation, when the troops do not carry their food in their haversacks, which they can do and must do on all scouts of seven days and less, will be pack-mules. In the field, meat and bread and sugar and coffee and salt, alone of all the rations, will be carried. One blanket apiece will be as much bedding as the men will be permitted to have when on scout. To be encumbered with more is not to find Indians.

IV. All Apache Indians in that Territory are hostile, and all Apache men large enough to bear arms who may be encountered in Arizona will be slain wherever met, unless they give themselves up as prisoners. No women or children will be harmed; these will be taken prisoners.

V. Simultaneous with these operations of the force under Colonel Rigg, detachments will be sent northwardly from Tucson, through by the Canada del Oro and the San Pedro, below the Arivaypa; from Fort Bowie, southwardly through the Chiricahua Mountains; from Fort Whipple, southeastwardly and across the Salinas; from Fort Canby, southwardly by western end of Mogollon Mountains; from Fort Wingate, southwardly toward the Sierra Blanca and the head of the Gila; and from Forts Craig and McRae, westwardly to the country around the head of the Mimbres and southwardly toward Pinos Altos, and toward Cooke's Canon. From Fort Cummings scouts will be sent to scour over the country to the southward; from the camp on the Mimbres the troops will scout the country in and around the Burro Mountains, and northwestwardly from those mountains, and toward the Florida Mountains. The size of these different parties will be as large as can be spared from the posts whence they start; their transportation, subsistence, and their instructions are the same as those given for the guidance of the central force under Colonel Rigg. They will all take the field on the 25th instant, and, if possible, remain out for sixty days; when full reports will be sent to department headquarters of the operations, day by day, and their results, of each party; when all parties except the central force under Colonel Rigg will await further orders, and will "repair up" and be ready to take the field again at a day's notice.

VI. The Governor of Arizona has been requested to have parties of miners out at the same time, and arrangements are making to get four parties of 50 each, of Pima and Maricopa Indians, to whom we have given arms and ammunition, to move when we move, each over different ground, against their hereditary enemies, the Apaches.

The Governor of Chihuahua and the Governor of Sonora have been informed of these contemplated movements, and have been notified that the Apaches will doubtless run into their respective states when thus menaced by our forces. They have each been

