
requested to put a few hundred of their militia into the field against this common enemy, and have been granted authority to come over the line into our territory in pursuit of Apaches, when, where, and as far as they please. Thus the war against these bands of ruthless murderers will be a general war, and it is hoped that it may be productive of beneficial and lasting results. Every party, in energy perseverance, resolution, and self-denial, must strive to outdo all other parties. Dependence must be placed on the gallantry of small numbers against any odds. This covering of so much ground by detachments of determined men, moving simultaneously from so many different points, must produce a moral effect upon the Indians which it is hoped will convince them of the folly long to hold out against us.

VII. The following is the organization of the central force, which is to move out from Las Cruces, N. Mex., by detachments, the first detachment to start on or before the 15th instant, viz:

Colonel Edwin A. Rigg, commanding.

Major Joseph Smith, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers.

Major Thomas J. Blakeney, First Cavalry, California Volunteers.

Surg. Edward J. Whitney, U. S. Volunteers.

Surg. John H. Prentiss, First Cavalry, California Volunteers.

First Lieutenant William A. Thompson, First Infantry, California Volunteers, adjutant.

Second Lieutenant Sidney R. De Long, First Infantry, California Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence.

Companies C and E, First Cavalry, California Volunteers.

Companies D and H, First Infantry, California Volunteers.

Companies A, C, and E, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers.

Company I, First Infantry, New Mexican Volunteers.

VIII. The chiefs of the quartermaster, medical subsistence, and ordnance departments will furnish Colonel Rigg with such means of transportation and supplies as may be necessary to give this order, so far as it relates to his command, immediate and practical effect.

IX. The field and staff officers named in the seventh paragraph of this order will report to Colonel Rigg without delay, at La Cruces, N. Mex.

X. Colonel Rigg will at once make estimates for what supplies and funds he may need.

XI. Company A, First Infantry, New Mexican Volunteers, will take post at Fort Bowie.

XII. The post to be established on the Gila River by Colonel Rigg Will be known as Fort Goodwin, in honor of the first Governor of Arizona.

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

CYRUS H. DE FORREST,

Aide-de-Camp.

CULPEPER, VA., May 2, 1864-7.30 p.m.

(Received 8.45 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Has anything definite been done in regard to affairs west of the Mississippi?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

