
tion of the advanced brigade, which will remain in its present position. A guide will be furnished. Copies to General Arnold and Admiral Porter.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 2, 1864.

GENERAL COMMANDING U. S. FORCES,

Bayou Rapides Road:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that when this communication reaches you you halt your command and establish your line and pickets in an advantageous position, and, further, that General Mower be directed to return with his command to his former position. He further directs that you will make no disposition which will interfere with the withdrawal of your whole force within the line of defenses if you shall be attacked at any time by a superior force of the enemy. This is essential, even to the point of your withdrawing your whole command to a point nearer our lines than you now occupy.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 36. Alexandria, La., May 2, 1864.

This command will move at the hour indicated, 1 p.m. this day, to attack the enemy on the Shreveport road, in the following order, viz: First, Second Brigade; second, Second Ohio Battery; third, First Missouri Battery;* fourth, First Brigade.

No wagons but those containing ammunition will be taken along and officers as well as the men will carry two days' rations in haversacks, and only such blankets upon their persons as will be necessary for one night's bivouac. Sixty rounds of ammunition will be carried by the men upon their persons. The camps will be left under guard of convalescents until our return.

By order of Brigadier-General Cameron:

OSCAR MOHR,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR,] HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Alexandria, La., May 2, 1864.

The troops of this command will move forward on the Bayou Rapides road at 1 o'clock this p.m., and drive the enemy from the front and beyond 12-mile bridge. General Smith is to move by the Opelousas road at the same time. The men will carry two days rations of bread and coffee.

By command of Major General John A. McClernand:

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

Commanding officers of Second Brigade, First Division, and of Third and Fourth Divisions will take ammunition in wagons enough to make 100 rounds to the man, including that in cartridge-boxes.

---------------

*Battery A, First Missouri Light Artillery.

---------------

