
descent, and one company of the Twenty-ninth Iowa Volunteer Infantry; (4) prisoners captured from the enemy, (5) First Brigade, (6) detachment of Second Brigade, (7) Third Brigade.

Second. Frontier Division, commanded by Brigadier General J. M. Thayer.

Third. Detachment dismounted cavalry.

Fourth. Train with sick and wounded and brigade and division trains.

Fifth. Rear guard furnished by Brigadier-General Thayer.

II. All horses and mules led or mounted by sick or wounded will march with the train.

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

A. BLOCKI

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 2, 1864.

JOHN W. MOORE, Esq.,

Chf. Clk. House of Representatives, Little Rock, Akr.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of yesterday, notifying me that you were instructed unanimously by the members of the House of Representatives of Arkansas to tender their services as soldiers in case the same should be needed; also that you were directed to express their willingness to be placed upon any duty that I might deem best. It would be superfluous on my part to express an acknowledgment of the patriotism of this offer. The people of Arkansas and the people of the Union know that the legislative representatives of that State stand ready at all times to maintain her constitution and that of the United States as well upon the field on battle as in the forum, and should occasion for the former service arise, the enemies of our country will realize the earnestness of the determination of that body to uphold, even with their lives, freedom throughout Arkansas. Now that all danger has passed, it only remains for me to express my sincere thanks for the confidence in my efforts for me to express my sincere thanks for the confidence in my efforts for the defense of their capital which they members have honored me with expressing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Akr., May 2, 1864.

Captain L. BUNNER,

Seventh Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Scout:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding instructs me to say to you that immediately upon receipt of this you will move out on the upper Pine Bluff road. Separate your command at the point where General Carr's command came into it on the night of 30th April, 1864. Send the larger part of your detail on that road, at least as far as a mill, 20 miles from here, where that road strikes the Jenkins' Ferry road. The smaller part will go some distance toward Pine Bluff. Should any scouts join you on the road, give them all the aid you can to enable them to strike off and communicate with General Steele.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. T. BRUSH,

First Lieutenant Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, A. A. A. G.

