
to last ten days longer. I am using forage very carefully, with a view of keeping some in case of emergency. Horses are getting 10-pounds per day, and mules 8. I have discovered about 100 bushels of corn hid out, which I shall get in case I need it.

I am truly sorry to announce the severe illness of Captain Pound. I am very much afraid it will prove fatal. This will deprive me of my provost-marshal, and whilst I have made a temporary appointment of Captain Robertson to the place, I would respectfully request that some officer from the Eleventh may be sent here to replace him. I have not heard from up Black River as yet, but expect my messenger home to-night. I am trying to keep informed of all things occurring within 20 miles of this post. A party of scouts yesterday captured a member of Marmaduke's command. I have not yet examined him, but from the statement made by the officer who captured him, I shall probably send him down to you for proper examination. By the way, what is to be done with prisoners here? Shall I send them under proper guard to Jacksonport or keep them here?

I have not been able to decide what shall be the amount of the tax to be placed on the merchants here; trade is rather dull. Please ask the colonel for his opinion on the matter. I am also engaged in building a new ferry-boat for White River, 45 feet long by 10 wide; this is necessary. Please ask the colonel as to his opinion in relation to the forwarding of the necessary amount of arms to arm Captain Berry's independent company. The arms can be retained in the armory under my own personal supervision, and I am convinced that the men will fight for the defense of their homes. Messrs. Campbell, Harpham, Morris, Berry, and all are anxious that this should be done, and so am I. All my troops are concentrated, so that I can handle them, and you may rest assured that without artillery the enemy cannot dislodge me. I should be much pleased to have a visit from some of you as soon as possible.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. STEPHENS,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Cav., Missouri Volunteers.
HDQRS. SQUADRON M, ELEVENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY,Camp Sherman, near Jacksonport, Ark., May 2, 1864.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Northeastern Arkansas:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions received district headquarters I left camp at Jacksonport at 9 a.m. on the 26th day of April, with a command consisting of 2 lieutenants and 50 men, provided with three days' rations, for the purpose of pressing horses and mules. I was especially directed to proceed to Stafford's farm, distant from this place about 20 miles in a northeastern direction. I proceeded to carry out my instructions, making a circuitous march of about 40 miles, reaching the place designated on the following day at about 7 p.m., having pressed all the horses and mules that I could find on the route. It had been previously reported to me that there was quite a number of horses at this place, which report, however, proved to be incorrect, as I found but one, which I took.

