
I remained at this place over night, and started upon my return the following morning. After having marched about 2 miles I struck a fresh horse trail and followed it until I overhauled and captured a rebel soldier, who was on his way to join McRae. I also got upon a trail of 5 or 6 men, but did not succeed in taking any of them, as they scattered in all directions, taking to the swamps, where I was unable to follow. One of them, however, in his flight dropped his musket, which, I secured. I afterward sent out several small detachments in different directions, with instructions to press all serviceable horses and mules, and to report to me at sundown at a Mrs. Green's place, distant about 15 miles north from here, at which place I camped until morning. Left camp about 7 a.m. next day, and reported here about 3 p. m., having taken during the time I was absent (nearly four days) 19 horses and 7 mules. Immediately after my arrival in camp 2 of the horses were returned to their owners, by order of the colonel commanding the district; the balance I turned over to our regimental quartermaster.

I desire to make especial mention of the officer next in command to me, Lieutenant Bainum, Company C, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, and of the efficient aid that he afforded me in the peculiar business in which we were engaged, and take pleasure in bearing testimony as to his gentlemanly and soldierly conduct while under my command. I also have to report with regret Sergt. Lewis Coon and Corpl. Samuel Gentry, both of Squadron A, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, who were guilty of conduct so unbecoming soldiers in our army that I was obliged to bring them into camp under arrest. I have already preferred charges against them. I also captured 1 Colt revolver, 1 shotgun, and the aforementioned musket.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. WEBER,

Captain Company M, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 2, 1864-2 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that General Orders, Numbers 160, series of 1862, in regard to the issue of tents, be strictly adhered to. Where troops refuse to accept shelter-tents, they will receive none of any kind. All common, wall, Sibley, or other tents issued to troops under your command in violation of Orders, Numbers 160, will be returned, and any quartermaster who shall hereafter, violate that order will be arrested and tried by court-martial.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., May 2, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Yes; send the regiment without arms; they can be armed as infantry in Memphis and help defend the front and places whilst the expedition is absent in the interior.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

