
may be shipped, viz, 4 sets carpenters' tools; 20 kegs spikes, assorted sizes; 20 kegs nails, assorted sizes; 23 saws, assorted, all to be invoiced to Captain James R. Del Vecchio. The steamers Luminary and Meteor have just started to cross the rapids by order of Major-General Banks. They are entirely unsuited for service in the upper river, and I have so represented to the commanding general.

There is quite an accumulation of forage here now, but I am in hopes that small boats from the upper river will be here soon to take it away. I hauled in 144 bales of cotton yesterday, which I shall ship as soon as I have transportation. My train is out to-day for sugar. I expect to get in 120 bales of cotton to-morrow, and if I am let alone can haul in quite a quantity of C. S. A. cotton. The cotton buyers are in trouble here and are after me with a sharp stick; they go to General Banks and he tells them to come to me, and I sent them back to get the order in writting, and of course they do not get it. General Stone has furnished me lists of quite a large amount of C. S. A. cotton, which I shall ship as soon as I can haul the property in. I have to request that you send me up a supply of marking ink and brushes, say 20 gallons of marking ink and 10 brushes. I am unable to make an estimate of funds for the current month, as everything is so unsettled. I owe about $300, and Captain Del Vecchio as much more. I have to request you to send me $5,000 in small bills in a portable safe, and invoice the same to me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. WELCH,

Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, April 1, 1864.

Captain D. N. WELCH,Depot Quartermaster:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs that your order the Meteor to follow the movements of the Rob Roy, crossing the rapids behind her. She will join the other subsistence boats with General Smith's fleet, reporting as soon as possible to Lieutenant-Colonel Woodruff, chief commissary, General Franklin's command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Steam-boat Black Hawk, Alexandria, La., April 1, 1864.

Captain R. T. DUNHAM,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: You will please take charge of the dispatches herewith, directed to Major General W. B. Franklin and Brigadier General A. J. Smith, respectively, and proceed on the gun-boat Gazelle to the point now occupied by General Smith, about 25 miles above this place. On your arrival you will please deliver to General Smith all the dispatches, requesting him to forward to General Franklin by first opportunity those directed to that officer.

An orderly from these headquarters will accompany you, having in charge the official mail for General Franklin's command, and you

