
I have at this point 3,000 infantry and 1,200 cavalry, mounted and dismounted, two field batteries, and six guns mounted in the fort. Many of the men--infantry and cavalry--left here were convalescents and non-effective otherwise. My effective force at this point will amount to near 3,500 infantry and cavalry (only 200 mounted) and the artillery as given above.

At Fort Smith we have an effective force of 800 of all arms, and in the District of the Frontier in all about 1,600 effective force. At Devall's Bluff, the White River terminus of the railroad, we have 750 infantry and cavalry, and at points along the road between that point and this 400 men. At Pine Bluff we have 1,500 men of all arms. At Lewisburg, Clarksville, and Dardanelle, points on the river between this and Fort Smith, we have forces sufficient to protect posts and telegraph lines from guerrillas. At Helena we have a sufficient force under General Buford, the exact strength of which I have not been able as yet to ascertain. At Batesville about 1,200 of all arms.

I will be vigilant, and if any attack is made upon this point or on our line of railroad, I will whip them. I am somewhat uneasy as to General Steele, but believe he will defeat the enemy; at any rate I hope so. I am fearful that General Thayer has failed to form a junction. The rebels will form a force in Steele's rear and prevent communication from this point.

I will be pleased, general, to have advice and instructions from you. I inclose General Steele's order, as also my own.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Little Rock, Ark., April 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MOORE,Dardanelle:

Colonel Fuller will reach you by to-morrow, and he will relieve you of the command and take charge of all the troops. I want you to be sure and keep your men well in hand and well disciplined, and if a boat is at Dardanelle take her to bring those stores from the wreck of the Leon. If Colonel Calkins is there with his men he will remain there until a boat arrives, or until further orders.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General.

BROWNSVILLE, ARK., April 4, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Devall's Bluff:

SIR: I have been reliably informed that two companies of guerrillas came into Austin to-day at 10 o'clock and arrested Mr. Cavin, of that place.

HOMER THRALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*See Part II, pp. 694, 705, 717.

---------------

