HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., May 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding Saint Louis District:

GENERAL: As your late telegram says, I think there is immediate necessity for re-enforcing Bloomfield. I inclose the within telegram* from commanding officer, which will more fully explain the object in re-enforcing that place. You will observe we do not apprehend any present danger there, or even remote, but that we may be able to keep out reconnoitering parties far enough to prevent any possible surprise to that post or any other. I have more troops here than are really necessary. I would send cavalry there, but, in complying with your request to furnish Colonel Myers all the transportation we could possibly spare, we cut it down to the lowest possible limits and cannot forage them. Captain Hipple informs me that it will tax his teams to their utmost to feed those already there and at Dallas. I write and send you this to explain why I telegraphed you Bloomfield should be re-enforced and to assure you that it is not that we apprehend attack, but so we can so distribute our forces to do the most we can to protect the country and do our duty. We do not believe in the rumors of large rebel force below us,nor do we fear them,but still we must guard against all possible chance of surprise and at the same time protect the country from guerrillas.

I am, general, very respectfully

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., May 2, 1864

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

SIR: Pursuant to instructions from department headquarters, the general commanding Saint Louis District directs that you at once send out scouting parties from the various posts under your command, into the neighborhoods where disloyal citizens reside, for the purpose of distributing the President's amnesty proclamation of December 8, 1863. It is desired that this proclamation should be so thoroughly disseminated in such numbers throughout the infected districts that it cannot be suppressed.

Every effort will be made to accomplish this work. The commanding officer at Pilot Knob will send out as many of the Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry as can be spared from their other duties, into the southwest portion of this district and the northern part of Arkansas, for this object. Reports will be made to these headquarters at least twice a month of the scouts sent out and with what success.

The proclamations were forwarded April 27, 1864 (800 copies).

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Hiller to Rogers, April 28, p. 322.

---------------

26 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

