
PLEASANT HILL, MO., May 2, 1864.

(Received 9.30 a.m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Major Pritchard, Second Colorado Cavalry, started south with three squadrons. I have sent out two scouting parties, one of 15 men south and east, following Grand, one of 12 north and west. Have not heard from Colonel Dodd yet where the balance of the troops are.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., May 2, 1864-11.20 a.m.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Just received the following dispatch from Colonel Dodd, from Independence:

COLONEL: Major Smith arrived last evening with three companies. Have ordered him with two companies to Hickman Mills to scout in that vicinity. He has been scouting in La Fayette County. Captain Moses arrived at Snibar Station last evening, where he will remain until further orders, and scout in the direction of Sibley. Will you be here this day? I shall leave for Independence in an hour.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., May 2, 1864

(Received 11.20 a.m.)

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Have ordered Major Smith with two companies to Hickman Mills as directed by you. Two companies are scouting at Snibar. Major Smith arrived here last night, having scouted on the La Fayette County line and from Lone Jack to this place; found no guerrillas. I have sent out scout in the direction of Sibley. Colonel Ford has ordered Major Pritchard from Lone Jack to Grand River. Any instructions?

T. H. DODD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, MO., May 2, 1864

(Received 10.05 a.m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Colonel Ford absent. I shall order out three companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia to-day that were mustered April 30, 1864. Arms will be issued to them from the infantry arms we have here in store. Many men in volunteer guards are exempt. Propose to have the Enrolled Missouri Militia take their place. Does Brigadier-General Brown approve of this?

By order of Colonel Ford:

EDWD. L. BERTHOUD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

