
When parties apply for assistance, then, let the simple question be, "Have they got tood, or can they get it themselves?" If not, then issue to them. Then consider the question, what disposition can be made of them that will be most for the interest of the Government; then act upon your conclusions upon that matter. Acting impartially in this way, I ought to have no grounds to interfere with or modify your action. Rations will, of course, be issued to these parties unless you know they have food or can get it.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 2, 1864

Lieutenant-Colonel DRAPER,

Macon, Mo.:

Where is Major Leonard, and have you any further intelligence from the river counties, or of the threatened approach of Jackman and confederates?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Liberty, Mo., May 2, 1864

Brigadier-General FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

Inclosed you will find a telegram* from General Rosecrans, in regard to rebel operations in prospect. I presume you are in full possession of whatever information General Rosecrans may have in relation to this matter. So far as my sub-district is concerned, we as yet have no signs of trouble. Our anxiety and apprehension for the future rest almost entirely upon the movements of the rebels on the south side of the river. If Quantrill or Shelby should come up with a considerable force, and reach the river in Jackson or La Fayette, we will doubtless have raids into Clay and Ray and perhaps Clinton and Platte, by detachments from the main body of rebel troops.

These detachments will find in each of these counties a few men of lawless character ready to join them, and perhaps who are already in concert with them. The movements of such men are very secret and very rapid, and if you have information, through General Rosecrans or from any other source, of the advance of any considerable rebel force heading toward Lexington, Kansas City, or the State of Kansas (which latter is the most probable of the three), you had better increase your force by sending another company to this county to be stationed at Missouri City, and a company in Ray County to be stationed at or near a place called Albany. These are the important points, and if occupied be efficient troops will, in my opinion, give security to the four counties of Ray, Clay, Clinton, and Platte.

In regard to the uprising of bands of guerrillas among the citizens in the counties above named, you need not have any apprehension. The great mass of the people will be active in their efforts to crush out any movements of this character on the part of the few

---------------

*See p. 351.

---------------

