
lawless characters who might be disposed to inaugurate them in their midst, but the people have no control over the outlawed bands, composed of stragglers from the commands of Quantrill and Shelby, and whey they come in they gather up all the lawless element in the country and add it to their forces. There is one other feature in the border troubles with which you should be familiar. We never have rebel bushwhackers and thieves infesting the border counties in Missouri, without having their allies and confederates from Kansas, in the shape of Red Legs, &amp;c.

In other words, these plundered are all in partnership, and by a joint-stock operation they successfully robbed and desolated some four or five counties south of the river, and would like very much to do the same thing on the north side. This letter will be handed you by Lieutenant Rhea, of Captain Younger's company, now on duty. The condition of the company is not as good ad I would desire, from the fact that a number of good and efficient men have paid out within the last few days, &c., all of which will be more fully explained to you by Lieutenant Rhea, whom you will find to be aa man of good sense, and with whom you can talk freely about matters appertaining to this sub-district.

Yours,&c.,

JAMES H. MOSS.,

Colonel, &c.

LAWRENCE, KANS., May 2, 1864

Major S. S. CURTIS:

SIR: The undersigned citizens of Lawrence, having reliable information that Major E. G. Ross is under orders to leave our city at any time would respectfully represent that with his presence and his experienced men in our midst and for our protection there is a feeling of security and safety pervading the whole community. Your petitioners would further represent that, learning that our dependence for that safety is about to be removed, the most intense anxiety and excitement prevails, [and we] feel that unless something can be done to allay this excitement utter demoralization must be the result. Therefore we earnestly request your honor to rescind the order to Major Ross and assure us of your protection through him.

R. W. LUDINGTON,

Mayor,

JOSEPH CRACKLIN,

Marshal,

[And 196 others.]

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 2, 1864

Colonel CHIVINGTON:

If occasion requires, will call out militia. Hope Governor will have them organized. Arms and ammunition ready. Started the movement to upper Arkansas. Keep communication by mail and messenger with Denver. Keep me posted as to progress. Fort Lyon is not best place to rendezvous. I think favorably of Hickory Rogers' ranch, above. May move you further down the Arkansas during the summer campaign.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

