
MURRAY AND KELLEY'S AMERICAN RANCH,

May 2, 1864

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.

COLONEL: Since my last we have been busily engaged scouting, &amp;c., endeavoring to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy. Yesterday we took an Indian prisoner, whom I at first ordered shot, but upon learning from one of my men that he was half Sioux and had received his annuities from Government with the Sioux, I concluded to spare him if he would lead me to a Cheyenne camp or give me information of their whereabouts, which he has consented to do, and we are about starting in pursuit. Besides, all concurred that if I killed him it would involve us with the Sioux, which, as I understand, the policy is to avoid a war with them. If, though, I obeyed my own impulse, I would kill him. Should he attempt to escape will settle him.

We have experience considerable difficulty in obtaining rations, which has delayed us several days, as some mistake was made by the sergeant at Camp Sanborn, and only about three days' rations sent us. This, hereafter, I will try to correct, though the delay has improved our horses wonderfully, as they were almost played out. We will be gone about five days, a I wish to know what there is north of us.

I have not heard anything yet of Company B, and will not wait for them, but upon my return will immediately start after the Indians with them. Your telegram informed me that two guns of the battery and Company B were coming down, though Captain Mc Lain passed here. He said he knew nothing of it. Our movements here may appear slow to you, but I can assure you that none have been idle, and with so small a command and so large a country to march in it requires time to accomplish much, unless we could go on to the Republican or North Platte, when I would be compelled to leave the road unprotected, which, in case of any depredation, would create more alarm and do the Territory more damage than ten times the trouble in some other quarter. I will leave a small detachment of 10 men at the Junction and about the same number, under Lieutenant Chase,at this ranch, which will make some show of force and probably keep everything safe until my return. If anything occurs, and I am able, will send you the news.

Hoping this will prove satisfactory, I remain, yours, &c.,

J. DOWNING,

Major, First Cavalry of Colorado.

HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,

Saint Paul, Minn., May 2, 1864

Major General JOHN POPE, Milwaukee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 23 ultimo was received this morning, and I have the honor to reply as follows:

In explanation of my dispatch to Lieutenant-Colonel Myers, I beg leave to state that at the time it was sent only about 700 horses had been received here and no intelligence could be obtained as to the remainder. The number of horses left here was but 750, instead of 1,000, as you supposed. A large sale of unserviceable animals having been made last fall, of the 750 only about 600 could be relied on

