
for cavalry service. Of the force to be dispatched, Brackett's battalion required upward of 400; the eight companies of cavalry,800; the Eighth Regiment, at least 720, and the two sections of the battery a few, say, 20 making 1,940 horses, besides about 40 for the scouts.

All these, 1,980 animals are indispensable for the expedition and, I have therefore just cause to be alarmed lest delay should be occasioned by the non-arrival of the remainder. Since then other shipments have been received, so that I am relieved of my anxiety on that score. Nine hundred and eighty-five have reached Fort Snelling, and a telegraphic dispatch has been received by Captain Carling that 280 more are on the way from La Crosse. The other horses will doubtless arrive in time.

You doubtless understood that the arrangement between General Sully and myself contemplated the departure of my portion of the force on 1st June and the junction with him on 20th of that month on Bordache Creek. From the very backward character of the spring I have no reason to believe that the grass will be sufficiently advanced to subsist the animals before that time. If it should prove otherwise, so much the better, for the column will be prepared to march as soon as the season will permit. The directions with regard to the disposition of the Sixth Regiment will, of course, be complied with. The companies destined for the posts at James River and Devil's Lake will be dispatched, the former to their destination and the latter to the Cheyenne, as soon as possible after the departure of the main column. I repeat my previous assurance that none but insurmountable obstacles will delay the march of the column at the appointed time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 2, 1864.

Major A. B. BRACKETT,

Commanding Brackett's Battalion, Fort Snelling:

MAJOR: You will take up your line of march for Sioux City, Iowa, this day, with your command, and proceed with all practicable expedition so as to reach that point by 15th instant, if possible. Upon your arrival you will at once report for orders to Brigadier-General Sully, commanding the District of Iowa. Your route will be by way of Spirit Lake, where you will find forage for your horses, and also at points between there and Sioux City.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER, VA., May 3, 1864-12.30 p.m.

(Received 2.10 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

This army moves to-morrow morning. Will occupy Germanna, Ely's and Culpeper Mine Fords by daylight the morning of the 4th. I will have to leave affairs west entirely with you. General Banks

