
now proposes to keep A. J. Smith's force altogether, so as to give him sufficient strength to operate against Mobile. It is now too late for Smith's force to return to be of any use in the spring campaign, but I do think it is a waste of strength to trust General Banks with a large command or an important expedition.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 3, 1864-11 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.,:

Your last instructions in regard to trans-Mississippi matters were telegraphed to Cairo, and were sent by General Brayman down the river on May 1. The President has seen your telegrams, but has said nothing to me on the subject since I last wrote you. I will write to you immediately.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, May 3, 1864

CONFIDENTIAL.]

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Culpeper:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of my last telegram* to General Banks and Steele, in pursuance of your orders. In regard to changes in commanders west of the Mississippi, or the superseding of General Banks by placing Steele, Reynolds or some other officer in general command, the Secretary of War has copies of all your telegrams, and I believe they have all been read by the President. I have not, however, heard him say anything on the subject since his reply, which I sent you, to your first telegram immediately after the news of Banks' defeat. General Banks is a personal friend of the President, and has strong political supporters in and out of Congress. There will undoubtedly be a very strong opposition to his being removed or superseded, and I think the President will hesitate to act unless he has a definite request from you to do so, as a military necessity, you designating his superior or superior in command. On receiving such a formal request (not a mere suggestion). I believe, as I wrote you some days ago, he would act immediately. I have no authority for saying this, but give it simply as my own I think, is very obvious. To do an act which will give offense to a large number of his political friends the President will require some evidence in a positive form to show the military necessity of that act. In other words, he must have something in a definite shape to fall back upon as his justifaction. You will perceive that the press in New Orleans and in the Eastern States are already beginning to open in General Banks' favor. The administration would be immediately attacked for his removal. Do not understand me as advocating his retention in command. On the contrary, I expressed to the President months ago my own opinion of General Banks' want of military capacity. Whatever order you may ask for on this sub-

---------------

*See p. 358.

---------------

