
FORT SMITH, April 4, 1864.

General KIMBALL,

Commanding Detachment Seventh Army Corps:

Captain Ransom left here a few days ago for the expedition. The Ninth Kansas was to have left Lawrence, Kans., on last Friday. It is important that you should furnish transportation for Lieutenant-Colonel Calkins at Dardanelle. He is there waiting, with 350 veterans and 30 prisoners of war.

Respectfully, yours,

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 4, 1864.

Colonel JUDSON,

Commanding, Fort Smith:

When did General Thayer leave? Have you heard from him; if so, when last and where was he? Answer.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., April 4, 1864.

Lieutenant THOMAS D. WITT,Chief of Ordnance, Dept. of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: I most respectfully state that owing to the large amount of foraging, escort, guard, and scouting duty done by this command (numbering some 1,700 men) the ammunition is expended very rapidly. I would most respectfully request that the requisitions of the ordnance officer of this district be filled as promptly as is compatible with the best interests of the service, in order that I may be enabled to keep a full supply on hand for my command. I would most respectfully state, also, that the First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry has never been furnished with carbines, but that the men are still using the Springfield rifled muskets, caliber .69, which they drew nearly three years ago, and that many of these muskets have been worn out in active service, or broken by accidentally being struck against trees when the men have been charging the enemy through the forests of this region of the country. These facts were set forth in the report of Captain Gillette, inspector of this district, and forwarded through Major-General Steele to the major-general commanding Department of the Missouri.

As soon as I was notified of the change of the commander of this department I forwarded a new requisition for 600 Sharps carbines, with accouterments, and a full supply of ammunition. This document was sent to headquarters Department of Arkansas on the 27th of February last, and I have subsequently received the order of the major-general commanding to make out requisitions for what was required. I most respectfully urge that the majority of the men of the First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry are armed with pistols and sabers only, and that long-range weapons are required very much to increase the chances of the men in doing good execution among the

