
ject I will do my best to have issued. The reason of my telegram in regard to the Twenty-second New York Cavalry was that the Ordnance Department had four conflicting requisitions-first, to arm the regiment as cavalry; second, as infantry; third, then to leave them their cavalry arms; and, fourth, to send them infantry arms-and the matter was referred to me for decision. I did not know that they had been dismounted. All is now right and the last requisition will be filled.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, May 3, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier General ROBERT ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster, Louisville, Ky.;

General Grant has decided to leave General Smith's command with that of Banks', on Red River. General Steele wishes supplies sent to Camden, up the Washita River. Can you not arrange to have this done, the transports being protected by gun-boats?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, KY., May 3, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,:

Best-informed steam-boat men say that when Red River is navigable the Washita is also navigable; that there is usually more water in Washita than Red River. The lower Mississippi is rising, which will have a decided effect on the navigation of Red River and Washita, both of which are believed to have a good stage of water now. Gun-boats will draw more water than transports. From what point should the supplies be taken, and in what will the supplies consist? Should the complete ration of commissary stores be sent? Is it necessary, to send any forage, presuming there is corn in the country? What number of men are there to supply? General Banks has already here four boats to carry supplies up the Red River. Shall they now be diverted and sent up the Washita? His messenger arrived only two days ago, after twelve days' passage from Grand Ecore, and gives me no definite information. A sufficient number of boats can be obtained at this and other points. Will start no boats from here to Red River until I hear from you.

ROBERT ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Chattanooga, Tenn., May 3, 1864

Admiral PORTER, Red River, La.:

DEAR ADMIRAL: I received your long and interesting letter from Grand Ecore, and read it with painful interest.* I cannot comprehend why Banks, after his second fight, when the fact is undoubted he had checked the enemy and had his front open, did not push on to meet you at Coushatta. It would then have had all the moral

---------------

*See April 16, p. 169.

---------------

