
effect of a victory and his losses, though heavy, would have been less felt. But the whole movement was too slow, much slower than the case called for. You will remember what streets we laid upon that point, and I had the general's positive assurance that there should be no delay. The only fear was the depth of water at Alexandria, and if there [was] any danger, then the expedition was to stop at Alexandria, for our object was simply to close that flank and prepare to throw that force against Mobile. But now the case is different,, and Banks is forced to whip Dick Taylor, cost what it may, and we are compelled to fight here a force that might be kept at Mobile. Of course I am gratified to know I was not mistaken in the character of the officers and men that I contributed to the expedition. I knew that A. J. Smith and Mower were good soldiers, and that T. Kilby Smith was a courteous gentleman, with whom you would be pleased to associate.

The newspapers in New Orleans gave Dick Taylor and Kirby Smith full and timely notice of the character of the expedition, and the slow movement of the troops gave time for drawing troops to counteract it. I wish to God we had not a single newspaper in the country to puff up men and act the spies to all our movements. It is all I can do to puzzle them here. I would here give 10,000 of my best men to stop the system of espionage carried on in our camps and published for the use of the enemy, but nominally to gratify the people. Why is it that our people (shrewd, honest, and reasonably practical) will persevere in thwarting all plans, however well devised? I am so troubled by this cause at times that I would gladly get out, but this campaign must be fought out, and I must play my part,let the result be what it may. I have my old antagonist before me, and in a very few days we must fight. I think I have now a good army, and if Johnston don't fall back and draw mere in deeper and deeper into their country I am confident I can whip him.

I am going on without regard to the command of A. J. Smith, which i take it for granted must remain up Red River for the present, unless you have high water in all May. You cannot expect it this year. Small boats navigate the Red up as far as Shreveport all June and July, but the big boats cannot venture above Alexandria later than May. I would advise, unless the water is high now, to get your heavy boats below the rapids at once. Alexandria is a better place to hold than Natchitoches, but I cannot pretend to advise at this distance. I think Steele was at Camden at the time of your fight, and take it for granted he returned to Arkansas or shaped his course for Grand Ecore. My latest news from you is about April 20. If you see General A. J. Smith tell him he must report more fully. I have no official reports from him at all.

With great respect, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

Alexandria, May 3, 1864

Brigadier General CUVIER GROVER,

Commanding, Alexandria;

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires you to detail 300 men of Colonel Dickey's command to report at the dam on this

