
desires that you will continue to do so if, in your judgment, it is practicable. A train of 150 wagons will be immediately sent out for the purposes of procuring forage, to be followed in the morning by another. You will have to send back, if necessary for rations. If it should become necessary for you to fall back, you will please send an officer to warn and turn back the train in your rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

P. S.- The commanding general desires that your position at the bayou shall be held, if possible, until all forage in rear of it is drawn into town. He requests that you will report in writing to these headquarters any information concerning the enemy which you may obtain.

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 3, 1864

Brigadier-General MOWER,

Commanding Division:

A forage train of 100 wagons leaves at once to load at Governor Moore's plantation. The general wishes you to cover the loading of this train and return to your old camp when it returns. If,however you find you can hold the position at Governor Moore's without danger, he wishes you to do so, in order that trains may be sent out during to-day and to-morrow to bring in as much corn as possible. If you determine to remain, please communicate to these headquarters and send requisitions for rations.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACH. 16TH AND 17TH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., May 3, 1864

Captain OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Please inform me what outpost duty you have for Colonel L. F. Hubbard to-morrow. For your information I have to state that Colonel Hubbard is now 7 miles to the front, on the Opelousas road, in command of his brigade, and cannot be relieved to-morrow morning without great injury to the service.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

EMERSON:

Make the same detail, substituting the name of the next colonel on the roster of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps. Make it for the major to-night, at once.

