HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 3, 1864

Brigadier-General LAWLER,

Commanding, on the Bayou Rapides Road:

GENERAL: In answer to your communication of last night I have the honor to inform you that General Mower with his command has been ordered to the Opelousas road. It is the wish of the commanding general that you hold you present position, without advancing and without falling back on the line of defense unless absolutely compelled to. The commanding general approves of your dispositions of yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., May 3, 1864

Captain BYRON O. CARR,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of Arkansas:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to notify you that it will be unnecessary to use, for purpose of fortification, any of the cotton now at the steam-boat landing; also that at the landing near Dr. Ayer's saw-mill. There is also some surplus at the penitentiary, and still a few scattering bales at the works. Captain Hadley, commanding Fort Steele, has charge of that at the penitentiary and at the works. He has instructions to turn it over to you when sent for. Please release all the cotton at the various points named above.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 3, 1864

Lieutenant SAMUEL T. BRUSH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders I proceeded, on the 2nd instant, to the intersection of the Jenkins' Ferry road and the road by which General Carr's command returned to this place, a distance of 34 miles, by upper Pine Bluff and road running west to Jenkins' Ferry road, arriving there at 5.30 p.m. The rear of General Steele's army had left the point at 8 a.m. moving toward Little Rock, by way of Jenkins' Ferry and Benton road. Some four hours afterward about 200 of the enemy's cavalry followed him.

I left the point above named at 7.20 p.m., camping some 20 miles from Little Rock, on the same road I went down on. The road, excepting a few bridges, has never been worked or improved, and, before, an army could move over, it, would require more bridging, and if the weather should be wet considerable corduroing. A citizen living near the intersection of the roads above named told me

