
that he heard that the enemy were in force on the opposite side of Saline River, near Pratt's Ferry, but said he could not vouch for the truth of the report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. BUNNER,

Captain, Seventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, May 3, 1864

Respectfully transmitted to headquarters Department of Arkansas, for the information of the commanding general.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, May 3, 1864-9 p.m.

Lieutenant SAMUEL T. BRUSH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

The ambulances we sent on Saturday to Marks' Mills with supplies for the wounded made a safe trip, returning this afternoon with 18 of our wounded, including Lieutenant-Colonel Drake. They have started upon the Leonora. The Confederate surgeon in charge said it was a settled rule of action of the Confederates to show no quarter to colored men in our military service. They put this in practice at Marks' Mills. A party of Colonel Clayton's scouts to-day recaptured and brought in 130 mules which had been sent from Jenkins' Ferry.

We have to-day finished an important earth-work for four guns, which commands the approach on the west side of the town, and yesterday and to-day have cut a great deal of underbrush, so that the enemy in case of attack will need to approach over an extensive surface exposed. The information brought by our scouts tends to show that there is no enemy this side of the Saline. We do not now apprehend an attack. I desire you to bear in mind that my own command here is only about 1,300. I think it due to Colonel Clayton, who in everything has cheerfully and ably co-operated with me, to retain command here. He is able to repel any ordinary force, and unless there is danger to apprehend, more than he and I are aware of, I, of course, with my command, will expect to leave.

C. C. ANDREWS.

Brigadier-General.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., May 3, 1864.

Lieutenant HUBBARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

One of my best men sends me word that he killed a man last night at Brown's Mill, who said that Brown, Cooper, and Adair were concentrating on Spavinaw for an attack on Neosho, or some point in Missouri. I sent a dispatch to Major Cosgrove last night. He went to Bentonville, and found Cooper in town with 200 or more men.

