
Major Cosgrove had gone in the direction of Maysville. The rebels have had 2 spies in here within a week that I know of. Your blanks came to hand to-day. We are just sending out a force of 100 men to Cane Hill.

H. M. KIDDER,

Adjutant
HEADQUARTERS POST,Batesville, Ark., May 3, 1864

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jacksonport, Ark.:

CAPTAIN: All is still quiet here. I have reliable intelligence that a force of about 150 men are now at Blue Mountain. I shall watch them closely. Cannot the colonel give me the authority to employ scouts? If so, I can keep myself informed of everything going on. I received news from Pocahontas last night by my messenger. He informs me that McRae has fallen back to Crowley's Ridge. Freeman is 9 miles east of that point. The company under the rebel Captain Ford crossed at Powhatan, as you stated, some 40 strong. I shall try and bag them. Two men, named Adams and Pruitt, notorious men in this community, came in and surrendered themselves yesterday. I shall send them down to you by the first boat. Let me hear from you, and for God's sake send me a boat with some provisions. My troops are provisioned to the 10th. I have been forced to stop issuing to refugees from want of provisions. Some of them are actually starving and the soldiers share with them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. STEPHENS,

Lieutenant Colonel 11th Cav., Missouri Vols., Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 3, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

All of Sherman's dismounted cavalry, save those on guard duty for the city, have been ordered down the river. For your information, I report that three parties of from 100 to 300 rebel cavalry are reported moving toward Missouri in the southwest. There are two or three rebel organizations in Illinois. Quantrill, with 800, is between the Illinois and Mississippi,below Quincy. Todd was discovered making arrangements for the raid, and captured near Independence. I hope to bring these conspirators and raiders to grief, but must remind you of the importance of this depot, with its steam-boats and two large prisons well stocked with desperadoes. I await your final orders on my telegram of the 2nd.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CULPEPER, VA., May 3, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The troops you were ordered to return to the department where the belong are needed there. I do not want you to endanger the depots by sending them away before you can replace them from

