
other posts of your command, but with the force at your disposal it does seem to me my orders might have been obeyed without all the correspondence which has ensued.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., May 3, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

One of my scouts, [who] followed rebels, thinks they are now camped in neighborhood of Big Myddy, on county line between Henry and Cass, at Mrs., Wilson's. High water prevented scout from reaching rebel camp. Have you force convenient to scour that country?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY STATION,Alton, Ill., May 3, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have received intimations that the removal to Saint Louis of the infantry regiment on duty here, the Tenth Kansas, is expected soon to take place. How much or whether there is any ground for such a report I know not, but if such removal is really contemplated at present by the major-general commanding the department, I would most respectfully beg leave to remonstrate against it. I should be unwilling to answer for the safe-keeping of the prisoners confined here with no troops but the cavalry to guard them.

There is no doubt some good material in the cavalry companies but it is raw material and has yet to be molded to be put in shape. The men were only mustered into service in February, as I am advised, and are without discipline or drill; and, besides, the interior prison guards should be composed of infantry armed with musket and bayonet. It is true that a portion of the cavalry might be thus armed if we had the arms, but it will be in time, I apprehend, to give due consideration to that question after receiving official advice of the necessity of doing so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. COPELAND,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 3, 1864

Brigadier-General COPELAND,

Alton, Ill.:

The general commanding directs that you have 50 picked men secretly got ready, armed with revolvers, to be sent out to-night on the Terre Haute road by an extra train. You will place an officer in the telegraph office, in citizens' clothes, and allow no dispatches to

27 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

