
enemy, as their irregular cavalry are better mounted than my troops, making it difficult to get at close quarters with the rebels. Your particular attention is respectfully called to the urgent necessity existing for supplying the First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry with carbines and ammunition for the same.

I remain, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding Dist.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 4, 1864-11.30 p. m. (Received 9.35 a. m., 5th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Culpeper Court-House, Va.:

Only four regiments of volunteers, one of State militia, and six companies colored recruits (infantry) in this department. One of these regiments is guard at Alton prison; one and the militia guard the interior fortified depots, Pilot Knob, Rolla, and Warrensburg. Only two here at Saint Louis, 1,200 men. Could not spare them without other troops. Very sorry.

Have written you fully.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

COUNTY OF SAINT GENEVIEVE, MO., April 4, 1864.

John H. Kenner, a good and truthful citizen and reliable Union man, of the county of Saint Genevieve, Mo., states that on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, the 28th, 29th, and 30th of March last, 1864, a band of about 25 rebels or guerrillas made a raid on the borders of this county on the waters of the Saline Creek, and were at Rozier's Mills, on the south fork of said creek, in Perry County, near the Saint Genevieve county line.

Said band of rebels, guerrillas, or bushwhackers is supposed to be commanded by one Francis Valle, who is a guerrilla or Confederate captain, and whose wife lives and resides at said Rozier's Mills. This is the third or fourth time said Valle with bands of rebels visited that locality, each time, as in the present instance, robbing people of their horses, plundering indiscriminately, arresting Union men, threatening their lives, and swearing them. I live 4 miles from said Rozier's Mills, am an outspoken Union man, and I consider my neighborhood, and indeed the town and county of Saint Genevieve, in danger, from the fact that said bands disperse themselves, as I am informed, so as to go secretly and reconnoiter even to the town of Saint Genevieve, Mo.

JOHN H. KENNER.

I certify that the above statement was made before me on the 4th day of April, 1864, and I know Mr. Kenner to be a man of truth.

G. ST. GEM,

Captain, Asst. Provost-Marshal, Saint Genevieve County, Mo.

