
PLEASANT HILL, May 3, 1864.

(Received 9 p.m.)

General BROWN, Warrensburg:

The following dispatch was just received from Captain Kingsbury, at Johnstown, dated May 3:

It is reported that Marchbanks is near Pleasant Gap with a force of 60 to 100 men. I start immediately to that point with all the force that can be spared. I am promised some men from Germantown.

E. P. ELMER,

Captain, Commanding Station.
HEADQUARTERS,Snibar Station, May 3, 1864.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD, Commanding Fourth Sub-District:

COLONEL: Yours of the 2nd instant is just received, and in reply would state thay you have been misinformed in regard to the forage at Lieutenant Gooding's old camp. We are moving it as fast as possible. Have kept it guarded and shall continue to do so until all is got in here. A detachment of 20 men of Captain Elmer's company have just come in here. The sergeant in charge informs me that he struck fresh tracks near Pleasant Hill, and followed them to the timber about 4 miles from here, southeast, and there was every indication that they were trying to lead our men into the brush. He came in here for re-enforcements, coming by the prairie from there in. They have gone out again. I shall take out 30 men on foot this afternoon and scour the headwaters of the Snibar thoroughly. I am perfectly satisfied that we must fight them at their own game and beat them, if you do so at all.

Some were reported north and northeast of here yesterday, and I started Lieutenant Gooding with 25 men, taking 30 myself, went in pursuit, found many signs and tracks, but saw none; returned to camp at night. I inclose an abstract of our forces here, as you requested.*

We must have more horses; it is absolutely necessary, with the heavy scouting duty we are doing. We are constantly on the alert.

Lieutenant Gooding and myself have been constantly in the saddle since last Wednesday, and the men lie on their arms at all times. I keep up a heavy guard in and about camp, but have no pickets out, for the reason that we could not spare men from scouting and other duty to picket all the roads and exposed points in and about this neighborhood. I am not alarmed about their attacking our camp; we keep them too busy to do it.

Will you please send any instructions you may have for me, waiting which, I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant

THOS. MOSES, JR.,

Captain, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Station.

NEOSHO, MO., May 3, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Captain Ozias Ruark has returned from Grand River. He thinks that there are not more

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

