
than 150 rebels down in that section. They range from Gilstrop's Ferry to Spavinaw, in Arkansas. They do not stay in a body, but are scattered through the county in small bands. He captured an Indian, who, I suppose, belongs to Stand Watie's command. He says Quantrill has gone north with 300 men. He says they went through in detachments of 30 or 40 men. They passed west of this 20 miles, according to his statement. There may be some truth in the statement, for there have been some rebels [who] went north by way of Baxter's Springs. I intend making a scout down southwest in a few days. I have not had the amount of scouting done that I would like to have done, owing to the bad condition of the horses of the command, caused by the scarcity of forage, but grass will be [up] in a few days, so horses will do well on [it] by not riding hard. I intend to keep the most of my command continually on the scout, moving some 10 or 15 miles a day, which will give ample time for grazing.

General, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Major, Commanding Detach. 8th Cav., Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 3, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Joseph, Mo., May 3, 1864

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Can it be possible that Quantrill is near the mouth of Des Moines River, within a few miles of Keokuk? Disposition of troops has been made as ordered. I will go to the northeast to-night.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 3, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Please give me your latest information touching movements of Quantrill or other guerrilla chieftains said to be moving toward the Missouri River.

CLINTON B. FISK

Brigadier-General

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 3, 1864

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph;

Quantrill crossed the Arkansas on the 22nd ultimo, but was driven back. A party of about 80, under Dick Yeager, are in Henry or Cass County; probably camped last night at Mrs. Wilson's on Big Muddy near county line between Henry and Cass. Have so telegraphed to General Rosecrans. Keep me posted if you get intelligence.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

