
PAOLA, KANS., May 3, 1864

Colonel THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Mound City, Kans.:

General Curtis directs troops to be sent on South Fork Grand River, near Elk Creek, to hunt for a camp of rebels supposed to be there. I suggest that Captain Thompson, with his company and part of Captain Simpson's, go down. Captain Simpson will wait here to carry to Captain Thompson any instructions you may give. I must say I have but little faith in the thing.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Vols., Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Riley, Kans., May 3, 1864

Lieutenant D. J. CRAIGIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of North Kansas:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in addition to the usual drill, there has been considerable activity at this post since Saturday last, at which time I received information from district headquarters that a considerable body of rebels supposed to be commanded by Quantrill and on their way to Central Kansas, had crossed the Arkansas River near Fort Smith. I immediately sent out three good, reliable men in the direction from which I thought it possible they might approach this post, if that were their design, with directions to keep a close watch of the resident sympathizers as I felt sure that more could be gathered by shrewd men, who were well acquainted in the different localities into which I sent them, than in any other way. I also keep the approach to the post well picketed at night. I have furnished such arms as were at hand to Captain Booth, Company L, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, stationed at this post, taking his memorandum receipt. These arms are of various kinds cavalry and infantry, and are unfit to issue to either except in case of emergency. I shall continue to use all diligence. The letter containing the intelligence above referred to and marked at district headquarters to be forwarded with all possible dispatch, was four days coming from fort Leavenworth, and that was much sooner than my mail matter usually reaches me as it is frequently six, seven, and even as much as nine days on the way. I do not know where the difficulty is.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

O. F. DUNLAP,

Captain, Fifteenth Kansas Vol. Cav., Commanding Post.

OMAHA, NEBR. TER., May 3, 1864.

Captain E. B. MURPHY,

Company A, Seventh Iowa Cavalry:

You will proceed with your command to Dakota, Nebr. Ter. On your arrival at that post you will make your headquarters at that post distributing Company A at important points within supporting distance of that post. Company B, on account of being acquainted with the country, will be sent above, occupying such points as may

