
be deemed best suited to exert a controlling influence over the Indians. The policy should be to prevent disturbance arising between the various Indian tribes, and great care should be taken to prevent soldiers or other parties from committing outrages upon the Indians. The shooting of Indians for trivial or supposed offenses by soldiers must not be allowed under any circumstances, and every effort used to allay and ill-feeling that may exist. You will make frequent reports to these headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, 	U. S. Volunteers,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 3, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: I inclose an extract from a letter to General Sully, for your information. You will perceive the arrangements to be made to relieve the companies of the Sixth Regiment at Devil's Lake and on James River as soon as the summer campaign is over. One more company of cavalry you must send to each post (Devil's Lake and James River) at the proper time. Orders should be sent, when you hear of the close of Sully's operations or of the movement from the Missouri of the troops for the post at Devil's Lake for the companies of the Sixth Regiment to return to Saint Paul as soon as the companies of the Eighth reach there. These orders should not be sent till the last moment, for the reasons stated to you in a former communication on the subject. Same orders to be sent in time to the companies of the Sixth at the post on James River.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 3, 1864.

General A. SULLY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Sioux City, Iowa:

GENERAL: I send inclosed letter* from General Sibley, with report of Major Brown, in charge of scouts on Cheyenne River and Coteau des Prairies. You will see that most of the Minnesota Sioux have surrendered and will be located at Devil's Lake, near the military post. Major Brown's report corroborates the concentration of the Yanktonais, Uncpapa, Blackfeet, and other Teton Sioux on the upper Missouri, where I earnestly hope you will find them ready for battle. A few details about the final disposition of the forces sent you from Minnesota I desire to give you here. General Sibley will send the whole of the Eighth Regiment Minnesota Volunteer Infantry (mounted), eight companies of the Second Minnesota Cavalry, and Brackett's battalion of cavalry, numbering in all about 1,000

---------------

*See p. 356.

---------------

