
men. At the conclusion of your field operations, or as long before as you think judicious, I wish these forces to be distributed as follows:

Four companies of the Second Minnesota Cavalry, with three companies of the Eighth Minnesota Infantry (mounted), I wish sent to the post at Devil's Lake. They can go from Long Lake in charge of a train of supplies, if you think it necessary, as it probably will be. The remaining four companies of Second Minnesota Cavalry and the remaining companies of the Eighth Minnesota Infantry (mounted), will proceed to post on James River, where the cavalry companies and three of the infantry companies will take post, the remaining infantry companies repairing to Camp Pope, on the Minnesota, to report by letter to General Sibley. Brackett's cavalry is assigned to your district, and will be disposed of at your discretion. It is possible that you will find it judicious to use the force herein ordered to the post on James River to escort provision trains to the post on Devil's Lake. If so, they can proceed from there down James River to their station. The other company of cavalry for each of the posts (James River and Devil's Lake) will be sent from Minnesota.

As six companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin Infantry are sent to your district, I was obliged to send the colonel of the regiment with them. He is (like Colonel Nelson) a poor soldier, though otherwise a clever, respectable man. Have no hesitation in selecting the very best officers, without regard to rank, to command the posts at Long Lake and on the Yellowstone, sending officers senior to them down the river to points where they will be less dangerous. Communicate frequently with me, as I desire to be kept advised of your movements and progress constantly.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., May 4, 1864.

Admiral FARRAGUT, or

OFFICER COMMANDING THE FLEET AT NEW ORLEANS:

On the 30th of April I sent information of the situation of the fleet, and asked the assistance of your gun-boats for the maintenance of our communication on Red River. No material change in the condition of affairs has occurred. We have commenced the construction of a dam across Red River, with every prospect of successful termination which we hope will release the fleet. It will occupy ten days in its construction. Our communications are of great importance in the mean time. I beg that there may be no delay in the movements of your boats, as their co-operation will be very important. The army is in the best condition and spirits. It is not impossible that some portion of the enemy's forces may occupy the west bank of the Mississippi. All steamers ought to be prohibited from touching at any exposed point on that side, and the lower river should be thoroughly patrolled. We look for the concentration of the whole rebel force west of the Mississippi at this point. Our information concurs with this expectation, and the magnitude of the stake at issue is such that it is impossible to believe that the enemy will fail to capture or destroy this fleet if it be in his power.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding

