HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 4, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: The commanding general desires to know when you can furnish a gun-boat to accompany a transport down and up the Red River on a foraging trip. The question of forage is becoming a serious one, and we must use every exertion, to procure a supply. Soldiers and one or two wagons will accompany the transport to drive the enemy from the banks of the river and collect the forage. The commanding general hopes that, besides obtaining corn, the expedition will do something toward keeping the river open, or at least driving muskets from its banks. He respectfully suggests that any boat which you would use as a patrolling boat could very effectually perform the two duties at the same time.

Very respectfully, I am, admiral, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP CRICKET,

Off Alexandria, La., May 4, 1864

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, Alexandria, La:

GENERAL: Your communication, of this date has been received, and as far as I can prevent the destruction of property with the small boats that I have I will do so, but if boats start off without convoy I can't help their getting into trouble. In a few days I hope to be able to remove all these difficulties. There are but 300 or 400 men at Wilson's and Smith's who are firing on the boats, and who will continue to do so until they are molested themselves, and the corn and forage at the above-mentioned places, which they subsist on is taken away from them for our own use. There are some thousands of bushels.

I have given orders to a gun-boat to lie below the transports and prevent them from leaving without a convoy. I have also given orders to the commander at mouth of Red River and Fort De Russy to permit no boats to come up without convoy. My impression is that the enemy are quietly getting artillery below to cut off the transports, and Wilson's plantation, is not the only place where they will be molested. I think a strong force posted in that neighborhood for a time would be of great service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 4, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: In reply to your communication of to-day to the commanding general, I have the honor to inform you that a brigade, with artillery, has been directed to proceed to Fort De Russy, to

