
occupy and hold that fort. On their way down the river they will stop at Wilson's and Smith's farms and endeavor to drive the enemy from that point and take away or destroy such forage and subsistence as may be found there. General Nickerson, commanding the brigade, has also been directed to endeavor to keep the banks of the river free from the enemy. It was suggested to him that this might be done by sending detachments on gun-boats to such points as might be infested.

Very respectfully, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHANDLER,

Chief Quartermaster, in the Field:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding desires me to inform you that the train sent out on the Opelousas road for forage has returned simply because the quartermaster in charge did not deem it safe for the train to stay out. The commanding general does no think that the quartermasters is a proper person to decide whether the train should remain out or not, and he desires you to direct the train to at once go out again and load with forage, unless the officer in charge receives orders from General Mower, commanding on the Opelousas road, to return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 4, 1864

Colonel BECKWITH,

Chief Commissary, &amp;c.:

COLONEL; Your letter of April 20, and accompanying statement, was received yesterday. Lieutenant-Colonel Woodruff has made me a statement this morning, showing we feed a little over 39,000 rations daily, and that we have an average of twenty-one days' rations from May 1 on hand. He tells me that he has called on you for twenty days' rations for 40,000 men. I desire that you will make that thirty days for the same number. You will see the necessity of these rations being forwarded as soon as possible, because the enemy are infesting the river more and more every day and will soon have artillery at every point where it can be withdrawn. No boat with rations should proceed beyond the mouth of Red River except under convoy. Your suggestion as to Lieutenant-Colonel

------

has been followed. There was but one question about it before General Franklin left, and that was that it was difficult to before General Franklin left, and that was that it was difficult to remove him from General Franklin. We are held inactive by the navy; that we cannot abandon, and events and delays cannot be foreseen.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

