SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 97. Alexandria, La., May 4, 1864

* * * * * *

III. Commanding officers Third and Fourth Divisions will each cause a road to be made from their present positions to their entrenched lines near town. The roads should be distinct from the Bayou Rapides road and from each other, and each one should have two or more crossings, practicable for artillery, at all hedges, ditches, and bayous.

IV. Regimental commanders will at once make a careful inspection of the of the ammunition in their possession and in the hands of the men, and will destroy all that is found unserviceable; after which they will draw enough to give each man 40 rounds in his cartridge-box, if they have not enough already, examining the new ammunition as they issue it and destroying any that may be unserviceable.

* * * * *

XII. Commanding officer Fourth Division will occupy the Winn road line to-morrow morning, when the Second Brigade, First Division, and Third Division advance, and will furnish details for grand guard for the whole line during the absence of those troops.

By command of Major General John A. McClernand,SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

Alexandria, May 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the gun-boat Saint Clair, under whose convoy the transport is to sail to-morrow morning, is 4 miles below Alexandria. The accompanying communication from Admiral Porter is an order to her commanding officer to convoy the transport. The commanding general desires that you will modify the instructions to the commanding officer of the regiment which you have detailed so as to direct him, as soon as embarked to proceed down the river to the Saint Clair and deliver the inclosed order to the commanding officer. If stopped on the way on account of not having a convoy, he will show the order of Admiral Porter and explain its contents.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you detail one brigade as a working party to continue the advanced line of rifle-pits from the Opelousas road to the railroad, and to build a lunette at such point as may be designated by Major Elfield, engi-

