
power to make it successful, and co-operating in a way to give me the most entire satisfaction. It remained me of the olden time when the gallant soldiers of the Department of the Tennessee, guarded by the gun-boats, were pushing their way victoriously up the ever-to-be-remembered Arkansas River. We did not return this time with the same success, yet we went through scenes that tried men's mettle, and the associations of those exciting days will no doubt long be remembered by both of us. Nearly 100 miles in the rear of our army when we heard of its retreat back to Grand Ecore, and with a successful and indomitable foe ready to harass us at every step, everything was conducted as quietly as if we were still on our way to meet the enemy. We never realized until we returned to Grand Ecore that our army had returned discomfited to that place.

We reached Springfield Landing, the place appointed to communicate with our forces under General Banks, the troops were all landed, on and in another hour would have been on the march to Springfield, hoping to greet our friends as conquerors. Our disappointment was great when informed by a courier that our army had returned to Grand Ecore, and that all our perseverance and energy had been thrown away. The fire of the enemy was exceedingly annoying on our return, but the soldiers treated it with indifference, exposing themselves on all occasions and returning the fire with interest when fired into by the rebels. On the afternoon of the 12th April we were attacked at a bad bend in the river by a forced of 2,500 men, with two field pieces, under the rebel general Green, backed by a larger force of 5,000, with three field pieces.

The enemy attacked the rear of the transports, where the were two gun-boats, one or two transports, and the Hastings, with General Smith on board, bringing up the rear. The enemy came in certain of victory, but the gun-boats and the Hastings, Rob Roy, and one other opened on them vigorously and after an hour and a half of hard fighting in which the fragile transports were much cut up, the enemy retreated in confusion, with the loss of their best general (Green), about 20 officers, and 400 or 500 men. In this action General Smith bore a conspicuous part, and by his annoyance of the enemy helped much to secure a victory, so important to us from the death of the rebel general Green, their most popular leader. From that time we were not so much molested, the 5,000 men in reserve concluding it best to let us alone.

At Campti some of the boats got aground, and anticipating further annoyance I pushed on and, as you know, requested you to send help to our exposed soldiers, which you promptly did. I regret that the help did not arrive quite in time to save a few lives, the enemy opening their batteries on the boats shortly after I left, which attack, I am informed was coolly met and the rebels driven away. I hope it may be my good fortune to be associated with General Smith on some occasion where our exertions will meet with a better reward. Though we cannot lay claim to any great success, we can safely say that we accomplished all that was required of us. I hope you will commend this gallant officer to General Sherman, who delights to know those under his command who do their duty faithfully and gallantly.

With much respect, general, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

28 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

