HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General ARNOLD,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires me to say that the 1,200 cavalry called for is exclusive of the 500 now with General A. J. Smith.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 4, 1864

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS

Commanding Defenses of New Orleans:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favors of the 22nd, 23rd, and 26th instant. The major-general commanding approved decidedly of the substitution of the Twenty-fourth Indiana for the First Indiana Artillery as a regiment to be sent to the front. He is anxious that all available infantry shall reach here as soon as possible, which he is glad to see you appreciate. He would also be glad to have more cavalry, well mounted, in the front, but does not deem it advisable to send horses up the Red River on transports while there is so much musketry firing from the banks. This fire has been, in a great degree, harmless, but it might not be so, crowded with horses. He desires, therefore, to concentrate at the mouth of Red River and on the opposite bank from this town all the mounted cavalry available for active service, and that they shall march here by the roads nearest that bank of the river. He does not, however, deem it advisable to march a less force than 1,500 cavalry in this manner.

There are at Brownsville, New Orleans and vicinity, Port Hudson, Baton Rouge, and Donaldsonville over 2,500 cavalry, mounted and dismounted. The cavalry at Brownsville (dismounted) has been ordered to New Orleans. The commanding general has directed Colonel Holabird, chief quartermaster, to take all available horses in New Orleans and within his reach fit for cavalry use, and to purchase in all markets that he can reach-Saint Louis, Chicago, &amp;c. The horses taken in New Orleans will be paid for at Government rates, and use wise discretion as to what shall be taken. It is the object of the commanding general by these means to obtain at least 3,000 horses. A great number of horses from this army will be sent to New Orleans. Many of them will be sold. The greater part will be got in condition for reissue. By these means the commanding general sees that the horses taken will be resupplied, and with the nursing obtained in private hands soon perfectly replace those taken, while he trusts that the care of the public horses will be so good as to soon furnish remounts from those sent to the public stables.

He desires never to find the cavalry again so far dismounted while in the front, without the means of remounts. As soon, then, as 1,500 mounted men or more can be concentrated at the mouth of Red River the commanding general expects to know of a cavalry re-en-

