
forcement being no its way to him. Your attention is called to the fact that there be many officers and employes of the Government riding in carriages in the city of New Orleans. Numbers of horses are thus used which might be available. The commanding general desires that these carriages be taken away from persons not entitled to them and the horses turned over for cavalry use. It is believed that there are many officers of the quartermaster's department who use horses in the manner above indicated. It is the wish of the commanding general that all officers be kept strictly within the regulation allowance as to horses, and use them as saddle horses, according to the intention of Army Regulations.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 4, 1864

Brigadier-General BIRGE,

Commanding, Baton Rouge:

GENERAL: In compliance with the former instructions given to General Cooke, you will report to these headquarters daily any news of importance in your district.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Port Hudson, La., May 4, 1864

Brigadier General H. W. BIRGE,

Commanding, Baton Rouge, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 3rd instant. Colonel Fonda, whom I sent out toward Jackson and Clinton with a force of cavalry, did not succeed in opening a communication with Colonel Sheldon. The enemy is in some force at and near Bayou Sara. They crossed the Atchafalaya in considerable force on the night of the 2nd, pointing toward Bayou Sara. Telegraph line is down between here and mouth of Red River, as well as toward Baton Rouge.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Port Hudson, La., May 4, 1864

Captain J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Gulf, New Orleans:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that the telegraph lines between here and Baton Rouge and mouth of Red River were cut on the night of the 2nd. We may be able to repair the line below in

