
a day or two. With my small amount of cavalry I cannot venture at present to send out an escort to protect aa party to repair it above. Captain Ratcliffe has a rebel force at or near mouth of Red River, and on the night of the 2nd, 600 rebels, with two pieces of artillery crossed the Atchafalaya at Morgan's Ferry. I sent out a small detachment of cavalry yesterday to reconnoiter in co-operation with Brigadier-General Birge, from Baton Rouge. The information obtained, not entirely reliable is that General Scott has some 2,000 men at and ner Clinton, and a detachment near Bayou Sara, and that he is slightly fortifying the former place. More cavalry is greatly needed at this post.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 4, 1864

Brigadier General DANIEL ULLMANN,

Commanding, Port Hudson:

The Thirty-fifth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, 900 strong, is ordered to report to you. They leave at 4 clock, on the Maria Denning.

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT JACKSON, LA., May 4, 1864

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept,. of the Gulf, Alexandria, La.:

Field Orders, Numbers 27, Department of the Gulf, April 26, were received this day. I will turn over my command here immediately and proceed this afternoon to New Orleans, en route to your headquarters. But I am pained to inform the general commanding that I fear of failing to report as early as he desires, but you may be assured, I will do my best consistent with the necessary condition of being fit for duty on arriving there. Unexpectedly to me my thigh has shrunk during the past month to such an extent as to render my artificial limb, constructed with great care, almost useless until it can be altered in size. Consequently I have had to leave it off for some days past.

Further, I have had no opportunity at this station to practice riding, nor indeed to use a horse in any way. But in New Orleans I will make an effort to remedy these temporary defects as soon as possible, and, God wiling, will soon be with you. I now regret that I did not apply to the general on my arrival in New Orleans for a temporary position suitable for horse exercise, but I was not at that time fully aware of the want of facilities at this post. But my brief sojourn here has been of great importance to the service and I am gratified in being able to report the ordnance in good condition and well and promptly served, except the mortars, in respect whereof time has been wanting to serve them, a matter, however, of not so much importance in comparison to the guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

