
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 4, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier General R. ALLEN,

Louisville, Ky.:

I have no information as to what particular supplies General State has or what he may want. On reaching the Washita he asked that supplies be sent to him that way. Whether or not that is practicable or the best route, the quartermaster's department in the West can best decide. I have heard nothing of General Steele's command since April 20, at Camden. I presumed that you had communication with his quartermasters, and would know his wants. I have no instructions to give about it, and telegraphed simply to inform you what Steele said, and that the expedition would not be recalled, as General Grant at one time contemplated.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, May 4, 1864

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: It is my opinion that no further operations can be carried on against Red River with the line of the Arkansas as a base of supplies. If Banks has failed to take Shreveport. I think the Ouachita should be held by us before any combined movement like the last should be attempted again. It would be utterly impossible to obtain forage or any other supplies in any part of the country that I have been over during my recent expedition. The Ouachita is next to White in this State for purposes of navigation, and if held by our gun-boats it would deprive the rebels of one of their most fruitful sources of supplies and break up a very extensive contraband trade on the Mississippi. Citizens at Camden spoken openly of this business, and gave it as their opinion that many of our Government officials were interested in it. During the absence of the principal part of the troops from the Arkansas the guerrillas have organized quite extensively and will do a good deal of mischief in different parts of the State, especially in the District of the Frontier, if they are not speedily dispersed. I do not like to scatter my troops again until I hear from headquarters and know if any special work is laid out for me, or whether I am still expected to reach Red River soon. If citizens report truly, Kirby Smith's troops will cross the Saline as soon as the water is low enough. They say Banks has taken Shreveport. If this be true I shall expect a visit from them. It is reported they have 30,000.

Very respectfully, general.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DET. 7TH A. C., DEPT. OF ARK. Numbers 13. Little Rock, Ark., May 4, 1864

The headquarters of the Seventh Army Corps being now located at Little Rock, Ark., the undersigned hereby relinquishes command of the troops along and north of the Arkansas River. The com-

