
mander of the post of Little Rock and all other commanders within the detachment of the Seventh Army Corps will henceforth communicate direct with department headquarters.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

LITTLE ROCK, May 4, 1864

Brigadier-General ANDREWS, Pine Bluff:

It is undoubtedly due to Colonel Clayton that he should not be superseded. You will therefore, for the present, retain command of what is left of the force which you took, from here. General Steele requires me to retain my old command for a few days, but you will understand the impropriety of my making any movement of troops unless to meet threatened attacks. As you troops, and I believe yourself still being to the Second Division, I presume that you will all soon be ordered to rejoin it.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CO. M, ELEVENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY VOLS.,Camp Sherman, near Jacksonport, Ark., May 4, 1864.

Lieutenant EDWARD M. HEATON,

Adjutant Eleventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers,

Camp Sherman, near Jacksonport, Ark.:

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with instructions from regimental headquarters left Camp Sherman, near Jacksonport, 4.30 p.m. May 3, with 1 lieutenant and 50 men, provided with three days' rations. My orders were to reconnoiter the country lying between Village Creek and Cache, and endeavor to discover, if possible, the where-abouts of the enemy. I marched on the first evening until 8 p.m. due north (having made 15 miles), when I bivouacked for the night on Dowell's farm. Next morning about 6 o'clock took up line of march in an easterly direction, with the intention of crossing Village Creek at a ford 2 miles above Perkins' Mill, but on arriving in that vicinity I found the country so completely inundated that it was impossible to cross my command or even to proceed any farther.

After consulting with the lieutenant I deemed it expedient to return to camp, at which place I arrived about 3.30 o'clock this p.m. having made in all about 45 miles. From information that I gained of the different citizens on my route I am impressed with the belief that there is no enemy in force between Village Creek and Cache, and furthermore, know from my own personal observation, made on my last expedition, that there is not enough forage in that section of country to subsist a command of 50 men for two days.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. WEBER.

Captain Company M, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry Vols.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. ELEVENTH CAVALRY, MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Camp Sherman, May 4, 1864

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the colonel commanding the district.

WM. D. WOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

