
not reach Hannibal until near daybreak this morning, but moved out speedily and I think without attracting attention. If people here should estimate our numbers, they have all sorts of impressions regarding us; that we are an advance of a larger force; that we are bound westward; that we are veterans returning to Iowa, &amp;c. I have found here some Union men who are reliable and will probably be of service.

Is it not well for me, in preventing the number of my command from being known, to underrate their numbers? I think it much easier to disperse or hinder the organization of these bands than it is to catch them and do them justice. Is it not best to encourage them a little? From what I have learned to-day, I cannot believe their strength to be such (at least at present) that the adoption of the above policy would endanger our interests. After a day or two, which I wish to improve in horsehoeing, had I not better shift my location or detach a part temporarily-something to render my movements uncertain and to divert attention from the real object? I trust, sir, that you will have no reason to complain of our discipline; I think most of the inhabitants are disposed to co-operate in the suppression of these guerrillas, and surely it becomes us to set them no examples of lawlessness. I telegraphed to General Fisk immediately upon arriving here, but as yet have received no communication from him, and understand that he is on the way to Saint Louis.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. T. ENSIGN,

Major Ninth Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, May 6, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Fisk, commanding North District of Missouri, for his information and action.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 4, 1864.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee:

Lieutenant-General Grant desires to know if there is not a cavalry regiment in Iowa available for duty in another department. Please state the particular regiments intended for Indian expedition.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., April 4, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota:

GENERAL: I telegraphed you the other day that the Sixth Minnesota, although assigned to Second Corps, Army of the Potomac, will not leave this department until it can be safely spared. You will consider this an order prohibiting the departure of that regiment

