
[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,.

Jacksonport, Ark., May 5, 1864

Respectfully returned to Captain Weber, through regimental headquarters. Why was not the order received by Captain Weber obeyed? What use is 15 miles reconnaissance to cavalry force? The same officer will be again, sent out, to proceed up the country between Cache and Village Creeks, a distance of not less than 60 miles visiting a locality known as the "Promised Land," where Revers is reported to be, and return by way of Black River, taking sufficient rations to last during the expedition. He will gather any information possible in regard to the whereabouts and movements of the enemy. The colonel commanding trusts that a ditch full of water will not stop an energetic officer from obeying his orders.

By order of Colonel R. R. Livingston, First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, commanding district;

H. C. FILLEBROWN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. ELEVENTH CAVALRY, MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Camp Sherman, May 5, 1864.

Respectfully returned, with the information that Captain Weber has been ordered by his immediate commanding officer to march at 6.30 a.m. to-morrow, with instructions in consonance with the desire of the colonel commanding the district. As Captain Weber marched before under instructions from these headquarters in obedience to orders from district headquarters, if any censure is applicable in this case it should fall upon the colonel commanding the Eleventh. Captain Weber stated on his return that Village Creek and the environs were entirely inundated, and that it covered a width of at least 3 miles. If such was the case, and Captain W. is a truthful man, it would have been certainly imprudent for him to have attempted the passage of this ditch, with his horses in the condition they were and are, without any great end to be accomplished. As before stated, Captain Weber marched at the time specified, and will perhaps be able to make a more satisfactory report on his return.*

WM. D. WOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 4, 1864

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Phillips telegraphs from Fort Gibson, April 30, Colonel Adair's command is in small parties in the northwest corner of

Arkansas at the head of Flint, at Maysville, and below Pineville. Quantrill,with some 60 men, is still near Kansas or Missouri. Part of his command ran out, as formerly telegraphed. Arkansas River slowly falling. I also have news from Hickman Mills, of this morning, via Oxford and Olathe, saying a body of guerrillas, about

---------------

*See Part I. p. 910.

---------------

