
130 strong, in two parties, are moving up from Pleasant Gap, Bates Country, Mo. A portion of these will no doubt follow the trail of those that came up last week. This last comes from H. H. Jones, lieutenant commanding at Oxford. This movement of rebel troops into Western Arkansas and Missouri is creating much anxiety in Kansas. Please inform me as to what is doing to catch them in their old nests near Lexington.

S. R. CURTIS.

Major-General.

BLOOMINGTON, ILL., May 4, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS' ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry is en route for Saint Louis.

JNO. L. BEVERIDGE,
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., May 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding Officer Saint Louis District, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your telegram, relative to sending the two companies of Second Missouri Artillery, stationed here to Saint Louis and sending re-enforcements from Saint Louis to Bloomfield, received. The colored troops stationed here are drilling daily and learning their duties fast. I think they will soon be quite soldierly. If you send re-enforcements to Bloomfield, if possible, let them be infantry, on account of scarcity of forage and transportation. We have cut the latter down so we have barely enough to supply our present wants. One company of infantry at Bloomfield. I should think, would be enough, but of this you can judge as well as I.

The light batter (G) sent here from Pilot Knob recently is a very disorderly company, and shows a great lack of discipline, but we have drawn the reins tight on them, and hope to soon be able to report reform. The captain has commenced a severe course with them, and I assist him all I can, and have no doubt that they will soon become soldiers. We have never had the least word of censure for the colored recruits here. They are remarkably quiet and orderly, and seem to take pleasure in trying to learn and perform their duties.

I am, general, very respectfully,

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General GUITAR,

Rolla, Mo.:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to communicate with you, and inform you that he is anxious to hear from you upon certain matters relative to which he gave you verbal instructions when you were at these headquarters last.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

