
forces west and attack the enemy with our forces combined, at the earliest time possible. You will, if you deem it necessary to prevent an advance, call out the militia for fifteen days' service, and have them hold positions while the other force is moving out operating in the field. Communicate as often as possible with Major Burch, and forward any information of importance to me as speedily as possible. This force is Stand Watie's, Cooper's, &amp;c., and I do not think they intend to invade the State, but we must be ready for them. Do not act till you have communicated with Major Burch and get full information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SEVENTH PROVISIONAL REGIMENT, E. M. M.,Mount Vernon, Mo., May 4, 1864.

Lieutenant W. D. HUBBARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Springfield, Mo.:

Captain Roberts returned this evening from a scout between Carthage and Lamar, and brings information of the rebel Jackman, with about 125 mounted men, making his way north; he passed west of Carthage and Lamar. Captain Roberts had not a sufficient force to follow after him, having but 20 men. I will start on Friday morning, with all the available force I can get, west and southwest of here.

I also received a communication from Captain Rohrer, stationed at Carthage, stating that he was pressed and was expecting an attack immediately, asking for re-enforcements. I immediately sent him 25 men from Company C, stationed at Cave Spring. Captain Rohrer states that his information is that there are about from 80 to 125, and that he is being threatened hourly by them. I think he will be able with the re-enformcement sent him to whip them. There should be one more company sent to Carthage, as one company of 50 men is not sufficient at that place. I have no company at this time to send them, unless Company I is relieved at the Mountain Store, in Texas County. I intend going with this scout myself, and on my return I will give you the particulars.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 4, 1864

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Brown is advised and alive to the business of taking care of all rebels who come to his district. Colonel Moss and General Fisk are alive in the northwest. I think we shall be able to disperse them or destroy them. I don't know what aid they expect from the country.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

Major-General.

