
to be established there. I have simply promised them protection from hostile Indians and to furnish them with the necessary seed-corn to open their farms. No treaty has been made with them, nor shall I permit the treaty they have violated to be renewed without orders from the War Department. The Indians are very glad of the opportunity to be at peace with the whites, and will keep it, under the surveillance of the military authorities, without any money or other considerations and without expense to the United States.

Their lands have been in the vicinity of Big Stone Lake, on the upper Minnesota River, which they cheerfully abandon for the location at Devil's Lake and the assurance of not being longer at war with the whites. Any consideration which the Government decides to make them for these surrendered lands will be matter for after examination and in the disposition of such consideration I refer you for my opinion to my letter of February 6 to the Secretary of War.* Under no circumstances should money or goods be given the Indians, except in the manner and under the circumstances indicated in that letter, if it is expected to maintain peace with them. The lands they occupy at Devil's Lake are claimed by the hostile Yanktonais, who, with the remainder of the Minnesota Sioux and with the Teton Sioux from the south side of the Missouri, are now assembled on the banks of that river to give battle to General Sully, to obstruct the navigation of the river, and to resist the passage of emigrants across the upper plains. All Indians are therefore far removed from the frontiers of Minnesota, and hostilities, are transferred entirely to the immediate banks of the Missouri River.

As soon as the season permits, General Sully will move against these combined, bands with force sufficient to beat them easily, and he will then endeavor, and I trust with entire success, to locate them near the large posts to be established on the Missouri and James Rivers and at Devil's Lake, in the manner and under the conditions herein designated for the Sissetons now assembling at the latter place. They will have the entire range of the buffalo region and can support themselves, as they have always been able to do, without treaties and without expense to the Government. Under the immediate supervision of these military posts I do not apprehend any further Indian troubles, unless by giving them money and goods they are again made a temptation to white traders and gamblers.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS., DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 4, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: In addition to the number of Indians from the Missouri reservation taken by a detachment of troops, as stated in my dispatch of 6th ultimo, I have the honor to report that another party of cavalry, on the 28th ultimo, while scouting some miles from Fort Ridgely, fell in with and captured 2 Sioux men, 2 women, and 5 children, stragglers also from the reservation, being recognized as a

---------------

*See Part II, p. 259.

---------------

