
portion of those who were conveyed by steamer to that point last year at the expense of the Government. There is reason to fear that these people will be followed by others, unless prompt measures are taken to retain them at their new home. I have ordered the prisoners to be kept under military surveillance near Fort Ridgely until I can receive your instructions as to the disposition to be made of them.

In addition to the number mentioned, there are now nearly 90 Sioux men, women, and children at Fort Snelling, who surrendered themselves to Major Hatch at Pembina. The men are in close confinement some of them having actively participated in the massacres of 1862, and I propose as soon as practicable to try them by a military commission. Some of the men are probably innocent. The presence of so many women and children in the custody of the military authorities of this district is exceedingly embarrassing and I respectfully request that orders be given to me as soon as practicable which will relieve me from the charge of these people. I know of no agent of the Indian Department here to whom they can be turned over, and it would be unsafe to permit them to roam about the country. They state, as a reason for their return to their old ground, that they were in a starving condition when they left the reservation, and have subsisted themselves by hunting on the way.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, May 5, 1864-midnight.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

The Eastport, sunk by a torpedo on the 15th April was raised and after great toil removed down the river 52 miles, where, finding her immovably fixed on a bed of logs, she was blown up on the 26th, 60 miles above Alexandria, which our army has already reached. Guns and stores saved. Cricket (flag-ship), Hindman, Juliet, and two pump-boats were with her. We were attacked by 1,500 infantry as train was about being fired. Enemy attempted to board Cricket, but was driven off after short engagement. Their loss unknown; ours, 4 wounded. Eastport was then fired by Captain Phelps and reduced to a complete wreck. Laid by her two hours, then proceeded down river; 10 miles below were opened on by a battery of 15, 24, and 12 [pounders], supported by large infantry force.

Cricket passed battery with loss of 25 killed, 13 wounded, out of a crew of 50. Was struck 38 times (shot and shell) in four minutes, besides heavy musketry. The one pump-boat exploded in boiler, drifted under battery, and abandoned by crew. Juliet, in tow of another pump-boat, was disabled and backed up out of fire, covered by the Hindman. Cricket grounded below and set on fire by explosion of ammunition. Fire extinguished without serious damage. Hindman and Juliet repaired damages during night and next day. With remaining pump-boat passed battery about 11 a.m.; Hindman badly cut up; Juliet completely riddled; 2 killed in Hindman, 15 killed and wounded in Juliet. Pump-boat disabled in engine; abandoned and fired. Fleet above Alexandria numbers eight iron and two light clads. Three feet on falls; 7 required.

29 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

