
until orders to the contrary are sent you from these headquarters. I wish you, however, to keep the Sixth in such condition and position that it can be sent off the moment we can spare it. It is likely that before winter sets in, and after the cavalry companies for posts at Devil's Lake and James River have reached their stations, you can reduce the garrison of each post for the winter, if you think the troops needed in Minnesota, by one cavalry and one infantry company each. This will give, besides the large garrisons at Devill's Lake and on James River, which will completely cover your frontier, eight companies of cavalry and four companies of infantry, without at all including the Sixth Regiment. This force, in view of the large posts mentioned, will surely be amply sufficient.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Baton Rouge, La., April 5, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,Commanding:

General Cooke left for New Orleans yesterday. Our scouts report the presence outside of parties of rebels who have not been in the vicinity before; it is conjectured in small force, however. Nothing is known of a force concentrating at Liberty, though it is reported that new troops are expected to arrive at Woodville.

L. A. SHELDON,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Grand Ecore, April 5, 1864.

Captain MARSTON,Chief Signal Officer:

CAPTAIN: The commanding general directs that you detail an officer to report to Admiral Porter, to proceed with him on the expedition up the river. You will establish an artillery code of signals to be used between the officers and yourself. He desires that a signal cipher be established that may be carried by messengers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Grand Ecore, April 5, 1864.

Brigadier General C. GROVER,Commanding, Alexandria, La.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the telegraph train now at Alexandria be sent up the river to report to General Smith's command, to proceed with it up the river. A special boat need not be sent, but it is desired that it come up by the first opportunity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

