
Army threatens to evacuate Alexandria, in which case to loss of these vessels becomes unavoidable. Army has lost all confidence in its chief and is becoming demoralized by his incompetency, converting substantial success into disgraceful retreat. We have there 30,000 excellent troops, splendidly equipped. It only requires a good leader to secure a glorious victory. General A. J. Smith has saved the army from destruction. Let me beg you, as you value the honor of the country and the safety of the splendid fleet above Alexandria, to use all your influence to arrest this shameful retreat, and to have a general sent who will command confidence. Not a moment is to be lost. Shall leave in the 3 a.m. train of 6th for Washington with dispatches, but time is so important an element that I take the liberty of communicating fully by telegraph, hoping that measures will immediately be taken to save the country from the greatest disgrace and disaster of the war. The fleet has stood nobly by the army, but has been shamefully required. I always except the corps under General A. J. Smith, but his efforts to assist were nullified by imperative orders.

G. H. HEAP,

Approved:

PENNOCK,

Captain
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 5, 1864

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadrons:

ADMIRAL: Brigadier-General Nickerson, who left yesterday in transports for Fort De Russy, with orders to stop on his way down and drive the enemy from their position at Wilson's and Smith's farms, has been stopped by gun-boat Numbers 10, for not having a convoy. The major-general commanding is anxious that he should be permitted to proceed, and requests that you will send orders to the commanding officers of the gun-boats below to allow him to pass, inasmuch as he has artillery on board and is prepared to land at any point where he may find the enemy.

Very respectfully, I am, admiral, &amp;c.,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

Alexandria, May 5, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel J. G. CHANDLER,

Chief Quartermaster:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that the forces on the Opelousas and Bayou Rapides roads will advance at daylight to-morrow morning. They have been ordered to proceed far enough to cover some forage. Instructions have been also given to prevent the destruction of any forage that may be found, and that it be not used by the forces in the front, but kept for the trains to

