
collect that you send out. The general wishes you to send trains on these roads to-morrow morning to secure all the corn, &amp;c., possible upon and in the country between the roads mentioned. Please give this your personal attention.

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. G. CHANDLER,

Chief Quartermaster, &c.:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that General Lawler is out on the Bayou Rapides road as far as Graham's plantation, and that by sending wagons in that direction you will probably be able to procure forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. N. LIEBER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., May 5, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dept of the Gulf:

MAJOR: Being detailed as commandant of the outposts, I have the honor to make the following report: The entire line of pickets, running from the Red River on the right to the same river on the left, I found well posted and vigilant in their duties. The cavalry vedettes in front of the Thirteenth Army Corps infantry pickets should be advanced farther, as I found some of them within 100 yards of the line. The hedges and trees in front of the lines on the right between the river and Bayou Rapides should be cut down, as the observation is very poor, and they afford shelter for the enemy. I would also recommend that the forces, the working parties, and all on the other side at Pineville be placed under the command of some one officer, as in case of an attack it will be very necessary to avoid confusion among the many different details. I think the other arrangements already made on that side will be sufficient for the protection of all working parties.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. BEAL,

Colonel, Commanding 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 19th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 5, 1864.

General ARNOLD:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say to you that General McClernand's infantry is advanced on the Bayou Rapides road and General Smith's force to a greater distance on the Opelousas road. He directs that you instruct your cavalry to observe the country between the two forces.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

