HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General ARNOLD,

Chief of Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to communicate for your information and guidance the following extract from the report of Colonel George L. Beal, on duty yesterday as commander of outposts:

The cavalry vedettes in front of the Thirteenth Army Corps infantry pickets should be advanced farther, as I found some of them within 100 yards of the line.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

G. N. LIEBER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General ARNOLD,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication, just received, I have the honor to inform you that the major-general commanding desires that you will advance the cavalry between the Red River and Bayou Rapides, and establish a good line of cavalry pickets at the point indicated in Colonel Smith's communication. So much of the cavalry force now there as may not be needed for this purpose will be withdrawn.

Very respectfully, general, yours, &amp;c.,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., May 5, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I forward to-day and amended report* of the action of the Cavalry Division in the late actions near Mansfield. I presume this report will develop explanations of my action regarding the train of the division possibly new to you. In justice to myself I have to request a careful perusal of the report and its consideration at your hands. Further, as the people and the press of the country are doing me an injustice, as I think, in charging the blame of its loss upon me, I respectfully ask permission to publish my report, or such portions of it as bear upon the loss of train.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General GROVER,

Commanding Post:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that no details be made from Colonel Dickey' command of colored troops which

---------------

*See Part I, p.453.

---------------

