
reliable, and probably you are better informed than I am of the force of the enemy in our rear. I am told that the Second and Fourth Louisiana Cavalry have crossed the Bayou Pigeon. Many of the inhabitants of the town are anxious to leave, and it is the general impression that there will be an attack upon the place.

I have, as you will see by my tri-monthly report, about 450 effective men.

The fort is not yet completed, but is progressing as rapidly as possible, and I have made requisition on the planters and citizens for men and teams for the purpose of hurrying up the work. I have eight guns mounted, seven 32-pounders en barbetter, and one 30-pounder Parrott siege gun on the levee side. However, we are very much exposed, as the levee itself will afford protection for the enemy. Until the work is complete a few flanking guns would be indispensable in case of an attack in force. I have the honor to request, if in your opinion it is advisable, that you will send me a section of light artillery for a few weeks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD G. SHAW,

Major 14th Rhode Island Heavy Arty. (Colored), Commanding Post.

POST ARKANSAS, TEX., May 5, 1864.

Brigadier General B. S. ROBERTS:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication dated May 2, 1864, directing that I proceed, with as little delay as practicable, to cross my command to some point on Saint Joseph's Island which would enable me to hold communication with the forces under command of Major Matthews, &amp;c. I inclose to you an order from Major-General Herron, by which you will see that between the two orders I am placed in a very delicate position. Having been assigned to his command and within his department, I must be governed by orders emanating from him. Permit me to state that I could not take the artillery from here for want of transportation. I could probably land the guns on Saint Joseph's Island with a favorable wind, but I have neither artillery horses nor harness-two 20-pounder Parrotts, one 18-pounded smooth-bore, one 20-pounder smooth-bore, and one 24-pounder howitzer, five in all, mounted, on very heavy carriages, and all in position.

I have the honor to report that I keep a constant scout both by land and water as far up as Cedar Bayou, and I have personally examined the reefs on this side on Arkansas Bay. I am convinced that no force can cross over to any point on Saint Joseph's Island, either on foot or on horse, and I am assured by those thoroughly acquainted with the bay (bay pilots and boatmen) that such crossing can be effected only at Oyster Shell Reef, guarded by Major Matthews' command. I have sent scouts on the mainland as far up as Lamra, and I am assured by reliable men that there is no organized force in that vicinity. I have scouts out continually, watching about 70 miles of the coast, ranging from the crossing to Padre Island, from the mainland 5 miles below Flower Bluffs to Lamar, thus guarding any movements attempted by the enemy on either Corpus Christi Bay or Arkansas Bay.

Colonel Ford has a force of about 800 in front of my position, but on the mainland and about 50 miles back from the bay of Corpus

