HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Grand Ecore, April 5, 1864.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,Commanding 19th, Detach. 13th A. C., and Cav. Div., Natchitoches:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you advance to-morrow morning with your command on the roads to Shreveport. The main force of the enemy was at last accounts in the vicinity of Mansfield, on the stage road between Natchitoches and Shreveport, and the major-general commanding desires to force him to give battle, if possible, before he can concentrate his forces behind the fortifications of Shreveport or effect a retreat westerly into Texas. You will therefore please march your column with this object always in view, and in such order as to be able to throw as much as possible of your force into battle at any time on the march. The march should be from the first as rapid as possible consistently with keeping your troops in good fighting condition.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES IN WEST LA., Numbers 83. Natchitoches, April 5, 1864.

1. The Twenty-third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, Major J. E. Greene commanding, is hereby relieved from provost duty at this place. Major Greene will report with his regiment to Brigadier-General Ransom, commanding detachment Thirteenth Army Corps.

* * * * * *

By order of Major-General Franklin:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Grand Ecore, April 5, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detachment 16th and 17th Army Corps,

On board Steamer Clara Bell:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you designate one division of infantry of your command to remain on board the transports of lightest draught of water in your fleet; that you supply them with a full complement of ammunition and rations for at least ten days (making requisition, if necessary, on the post commissary at this place), and that you disembark the remainder of your command without delay and prepare it for movement by land. You will please see that your infantry in the land column is supplied with 200 rounds of ammunition per man, drawing, if necessary, from the ordnance officer of these headquarters, and that the artillery is supplied with at least 200 rounds per piece.

You will please take with you, in the small number of wagons now with you, such supply of rations as may be practicable after pro-

