
Christi. His scouts are seen occasionally at Flower Bluffs and Corpus Christi. What he may attempt I cannot say, but I keep a close watch on him, and do not anticipate any trouble from him. I keep a continual picket at Corpus Christi Pass of mounted men, and I am not apprehensive of any surprise or an attempt to do so. I shall use every means in my power to co-operate with Major Matthews, and render him any assistance I can consistent with my orders. I shall continue a vigilant watch, so as to anticipate any attempt the enemy may make by way of Arkansas Bay or Saint Joseph's Island, by which either my own or Major Matthews' command would be affected, and if I gain any intelligence from the mainland in any manner affecting his command, I shall communicate it without delay.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. THOMPSON,

Major, Commanding Post Arkansas, Tex.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE, No. 23. Brownsville, Tex., April 8, 1864.

I. The Twentieth Iowa Infantry, having been reassigned to this command, is hereby made a part of the First Brigade, and will be at once taken up on all returns and reports in accordance therewith.

II. Colonel William McE. Dye is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade, and will relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Hudnutt, who will turn over all books and papers relating to the brigade to Colonel Dye, and assume command of his regiment.

III. Hereafter no sutlers will establish depots or stores for the sale of goods outside of the lines of the command to which they are attached without special authority from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Herron:

WM. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Jacksonport, Ark., May 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN W. STEPHENS,

Eleventh Missouri Cav. Vols., Commanding Post, Batesville, Ark.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the colonel commanding to reply as follows to your communication of the 3rd instant, which came to hand last night: With regard to scouts, the best that you can find are in the Fourth Arkansas Mounted Infantry Volunteers. The men being under you control, you can send them out on such special duty whenever, in your opinion, the exigencies of the service require it.

As soon as a boat arrives (and we are in hourly expectation of one) thirty days' rations will be forwarded to your command. Forage will also be sent in sufficient quantity to subsist the animals of your command for thirty days as least.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. FILLERBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

