
ROLLA, MO., May 5, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have just received an urgent petition from the citizens of Texas County, asking that the Government will furnish the destitute families of the county with seed-corn. There are 576 families resident in the county; 300 of the number are entirely destitute and unable to procure seed. Six hundred bushels of corn will enable them to plant 18 acres to the family, and greatly relieve these suffering and helpless families. If anything is done it should be done at once, as the season is already advanced. I therefore as the major-general commanding for authority to send the quantity of corn above named to Houston, to be distributed, under proper restrictions, for the purpose above mentioned.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 5, 1864-8.45 p.m.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Kansas City, Mo.:

Lieutenant Gooding with 36 men reported this evening, having followed trail of bushwhackers to within 6 miles of this place. He will start for Rose Hill to-morrow. Nothing further from Kingsbury.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., May 5, 1864. (Received 3.05 p.m.)

Captain J. M. STEGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Your order concentrating troops at Pleasant Hill just received. I would respectfully recommend that no change be made at present. The troops in this sub-district are stationed as follows: Company A, Hickman Mills; Company B, Kansas City; F and D, at Independence; M, at Snibar, with Major Smith; I and L, southern Bates County, with Captain Kingsbury; C and G, with Major Pritchard, at Harrisonville and south of here. Each command has a large part of their force continually scouting. We have a large amount of forage, both at Hickman Mills and Snibar. The troops are doing good service, and I don't see how I can spare Lieutenant-Colonel Dodd from Independence at present. Please answer at Kansas City; I leave immediately.

JAMES H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

