
WARRENSBURG, MO., May 5, 1864-3.10 p.m.

Colonel J. M. FORD,

Kansas City, Mo.:

The order concentrating your force at Pleasant Hill will be complied with, with the exsection of Captain Kingsbury's command.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 5, 1864-7.15 p.m.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Sedalia, Mo.:

I have information of 20 or 25 guerrillas having passed last night 6 miles north of this place, going toward Milford, on Black Water. They are being followed with probably 80 into Saline, in vicinity of Brownsville.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Snibar Station, Mo., May 5, 1864.

Lieutenant E. L. BERTHOUD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Kansas City, Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inform you that everything is quiet here. Am satisfied that there is a number of guerrillas in this vicinity, but in small squads, and furthermore, I anticipate nothing serious here, for I can whip any reasonable force, say 300, if they will attack me here. It is impossible for me to do much scouting at present, as I have only 38 horses serviceable, and at present it takes nearly all the force present to do guard duty, as I have to keep a strong guard at Company H's old camp, until I get the corn secured, which will take three days. It was my intention before Company H was ordered from here to take 80 men dismounted and put them in squads of 10 and 12, with three days' rations, and go myself (and have some given point to send messengers), and instruct the men to go to certain houses, where I think bushwhackers are fed, and watch the houses nights, and fall back in the brush daytimes, as I am perfectly satisfied it is the only way to get the best of them, for by what information I can get, which is, I think, correct, they go to these houses nights to get their eatables.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. MOSES, Jr.,

Captain, Commanding Station.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., May 5, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Grass is quite abundant here now and horses are grazing four hours each day. All our forage comes from Rolla now. Nearly

