
one-half the stock has been kept in Arkansas where three was forage. I have ordered all out now, except the Arkansas troops. Nothing new from the enemy.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 5, 1864.

Major BURCH,

Commanding at Neosho:

MAJOR: I have sent one company from here to re-enforce you, and Major Cosgrove will join you before you receive this. I think your force will then be sufficient to enable you to attack successfully any force of the enemy in that section. You will not, however, run down your stock too much after the enemy, or go a great way out of this department for him. If, however, you find the enemy concentrating anywhere within 50 miles of you, and you can strike and scatter them, you will probably do better to do so than to wait for him to strike you. If the enemy disappears from your vicinity you may send Captain Ruark's company to Carthage for the present, but it will always be held in readiness to re-enforce you when re-enforcements are needed. You will send me all information of the movements of the enemy as speedily as possible. Post commanders along the route will be ordered to forward your dispatches without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DIST. OF NORTH MISSOURI,Office Assistant Provost-Marshal, Troy, Mo., May 5, 1864.

Major JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Acting District Provost-Marshal, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have thought it advisable to issue General Orders, No. 2, in relation to arms in the hands of rebels and sympathizers in this sub-district, and inclosed I send you copy for your approval and that of the provost-marshal-general previous to the enforcement of same. In my judgment some such action is necessary on the part of the military authorities in order to insure the peace of the country during the coming season. Rebels are generally well armed and defiant. Loyal men look upon the condition of affairs with distrust, and ask that something may be done.

The time is rapidly approaching when rebels and sympathizers can use the arms in their hands against our loyal citizens if so disposed. The record of the past would seem to prove that we may expect them to do so. As a matter of justice and safety to loyal men, I have thought it best to guard against such a contingency. My opinion is that the better plan would be to collect in all the arms that can be found before making public the order, as otherwise they will resort to the old plan of hiding and swearing they have none in their possession. If approved by yourself and the provost-marshal-general, you will please return inclosed order to me for publication.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MARSH,

Major and Asst. Prov. March, Fourth Sub-Dist. North Mo.

