
[First indorsement.]

OFFICE DISTRICT PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Saint Joseph, May 12, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the provost-marshal-general, for information, and with the observation that I am perfectly satisfied, from long acquaintance, observation, and experience of the circumstances referred to in this communication, that such a course as suggested by Major Marsh is very necessary in this whole department. Rebels and banded men, and all who cannot prove consistent and persistent loyalty, should not be allowed the possession of fire-arms or ammunition. Loyal men should be. A general order of that kind from the general commanding would have a most happy effect, and a great prevention against bushwhacking.

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Major and Acting Provost-Marshal.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, May 15, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the general commanding, whose attention is invited to the proposed action of Major Marsh and the remarks indorsed by Major Dwight.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 18, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Fisk, commanding District of North Missouri.

With the light before him the commanding general is not prepared to act in accordance with the suggestions of Major Marsh. The general commanding feels that he can only rely upon the sound judgment and discretion of General Fisk, and prefers that General Fisk should become the responsible officer in matters of this nature. It is not desirable to aggravate unnecessarily the already strong feeling on the subject of depriving citizens of fire-arms; but if, in the opinion of General Fisk, it is a greater chance that arms in possession of these people will be used against us than that their possession will restrain lawlessness, the order must be issued irrespective of the bad feeling thereby engendered. If these arms are taken the people must be protected from outrage.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH SUB-DIST. OF NORTH MO., No. 2. Troy, Lincoln County, Mo., May 5, 1864.

Satisfactory evidence having been furnished at this office that rebels returned from Price's army and sympathizers who have ever been disloyal are generally armed with revolvers or other weapons,

