
and remonstrances being almost daily made by loyal men against such persons being allowed to carry arms, especially at a season when guerrillas and bushwhackers may be expected to commended their depredations, it is hereby ordered:

I. That all citizens of this sub-district between the ages of eighteen and forty-five not enrolled and organized in the Enrolled Missouri Militia, or exempted by the proper authority, shall immediately deliver up their arms, of whatever kind, to the provost-marshal of the sub-district or such persons as he may designate, at different points, to receive the same, taking receipts therefor.

II. All persons not included in the foregoing provision, and not being able to establish their loyalty by two reliable and loyal witnesses, are required to come forward and deliver up their arms as provided in paragraph I.

III. All arms delivered up in accordance with the foregoing provisions will be distinctly marked or labeled with the name of the owner, date of delivery, and place of reception, and will be held subject to the orders of the proper authorities.

A. C. MARSH,

Major and Asst. Prov. March, Fourth Sub-Dist. North Mo.

[Indorsement.]

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., May 12, 1864.

Approved in substance and respectfully forwarded to the provost-marshal-general.

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Major and Acting Provost-Marshal.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., May 5, 1864. (Received 7 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Colonel Chivington telegraphs from Denver yesterday that Major Downing, at the American Ranch, between the Plattes, had a fight with the Cheynnes yesterday; about 25 Indians killed and 35 wounded. Our loss 1 killed and 1 wounded. Captured about 100 horses.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, May 5, 1864.

Brigadier General L. C. HUNT,,

Inspecting Officer;

In conformity to your request of yesterday I submit immediate replies to your inquiries, in the numerical order you have presented them, with a design to present further details as soon as I can procure reports from my proper staff officers:

First. I submit a copy of my tri-monthly report, showing my entire aggregate in and out of the department and belonging to my command on the 30th ultimo, 6,504. Present for duty, 4,292; for duty, sick and under arrest, and on special duty, 5, 197. You will also see

30 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

