
reproduced in such quantities as to be depended upon. Besides, the country on the Kansas route, as far down as Fort Scott, affords supplies of corn, wheat, and flour, and even beyond, in the Indian country, facilities for raising crops are greater than they are on the Missouri route.

Yet I would not entirely abandon the Missouri route, for, in order to preserve the military possession and police of a country, you must have interior posts, and such posts had better be in lines for their own protection, and the occasional movement of trains over them is a support and security to the surrounding country. Interior posts may be made, supported by block-houses or redoubts, and both lines, therefore, the one through Missouri and the one through Kansas, do not involve the necessity of a large force or large expenditure. It is therefore, in my judgment, desirable to preserve and support the several lines of operation by the Arkansas, through Missouri and through Kansas, not only to supply Fort Gibson and Fort Smith and its dependencies, but especially to maintain the occupation and cultivation of the country.

I believe, general, I have covered the whole ground of your inquiries. I hope your personal attention will be earnestly applied to every topic, for I think the progress of the general conquest of the rebellion requires a cautions distribution of interior elements of power, in rear as well as in front, and I have therefore presented my views very fully to the heads of Departments at Washington, where I hope you will submit your views after a personal examination of the various topics.

In conclusion, general, I ask your special regard for this State of Kansas, which has sent forth more than its full proportion of troops, and suffered most in the burning, devastating, and murderous ravages of civil war; and contrast the very limited force in this State, and in front of this State, with other States, so as to convince the lieutenant-general of the necessity of more, not less, material force in this command; and I hope your inspection, general, will also induce you to favor my efforts to get the militia of Kansas organized, armed, and equipped so they can avoid the disasters of former years and move down, if occasion offers, against her foes that muster in force in her uncovered front on the waters of the Red River.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 5, 1864.

Major General J. L. McDOWELL,

Commanding Kansas State Militia:

In absence of the Governor the following dispatches are forwarded for your information. The general thinks that the threatening state of affairs along the border demands the placing of the State in the best possible condition for home defense, and that the militia ought to be ready to be called out at a moment's warning. I have just received a call on us for troops the Secretary of State at Topeka to defend the archives of the State.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

