
MOUND CITY, KANS., May 5, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I agree with you that my position here has never been right to insure a proper supervision over the affairs of the border, and as Company F, of the Eleventh, has taken station at Potosi, I feel that this portion of the border is now properly protected. A company of infantry, or what is the same, dismounted cavalry, is sufficient for this place, so our views coincide exactly. I am free to confess that I came here against my will, but the acquaintance of the citizens has been freely cultivated, and I assure you we have all become bosom friends. The conduct of the command here has been exemplary in the extreme, and a lasting friendship has sprung up between them and this people. I also flatter myself that affairs on the border are rapidly harmonizing and at last the citizens are with us a soldiers and protectors. This has and will be my special aim, for, in my judgment, it is the only sure way to success aside from duty and justice. Much as I now regret leaving this place, I am ready, for I deem it essential to the interests of the border.

I think Olathe is my proper station, with Colonel Hoyt at the Trading Post; that is, so long as your headquarters remain at Paola. In the event of a change, Paola should be my headquarters. As I am now writing you privately and freely, I will speak on other matters. When I came down here, it was with the understanding with Lieutenant Francis that quarters for myself and adjutant would be furnished, as also our office. He now telegraphs me that by direction of the chief quartermaster, Insley, he cannot do it. I have seen Insley, and he denies ever gibing him any such instructions, so that there is a screw loose somewhere. I am yet without a table, desk, or chair, and but little stationery, and I know this could easily be avoided by making the proper exertions on receipt of my requisitions. I have borne with it until "patience has ceased to be a virtue." I must before I leave pay the rent of this room out of my own pocket, for my word is pledged, and boarding in hotels and running around as I have been and will have to still is pecuniarily a poor business with nothing coming in.

I will now ask of you one favor, that you will permit me to retain Company B with me whenever I am stationed. The company love and respect me, and I admire and esteem them for their soldierly and gallant conduct. In the event of any change keep one company here.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.

PURGATORY, May 5, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON:

SIR: I am now at Purgatory, on Rio Las Animas. I have just arrived and have not had an opportunity to reconnoiter much yet, but think have struck a trail where it is probable I can accomplish something. No definite report at present.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. JOY.

