HEADQUARTERS,Camp Fillmore, May 5, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the situation of this camp is very unfavorable for grazing our stock, and as we cannot procure hay, I propose to move the camp either 8 or 10 miles up the river to nearly opposite Colonel Boone's, or 20 miles down the river to Spring Bottom. Both these last-named locations afford excellent grazing for stock, and I think that we may be obliged to change from our present location by reason of high water, and also that it would be much more favorable to the health of the troops to leave the present quarters before the rains set in and occupy tents. Please inform me by return mail if we are likely to remain long in camp, and if the above suggestions meet your approbation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. BACKUS,

Captain, First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Camp.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 5, 1864.

Major A. B. BRACKETT,

Commanding Battalion, en route to Sioux City:

MAJOR: General Sibley regrets to learn that you are progressing so slowly in consequence of the poor condition of the horses, but nothing can be done in the matter to remedy the want of hay forage if it is not to be found along the route. It is probable that you will be able to obtain supplies at Mankato and beyond at some points. The general desires and expects that you will make as much expedition on your march as possible without breaking down your horses. You could certainly be able to reach your destination by the 18th or 19th at latest.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. PRESCOTT,

Lieutenant, Sixth Minnesota Volunteers, Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 5, 1864.

Major E. A. C. HATCH,

Commanding Independent Battalion, Fort Abercrombie:

MAJOR: Much anxiety is felt by General Sibley lest your command be detained by the reported slow movements of the steamer International, and fail to relieve the garrisons at Fort Abercrombie, Pomme de Terre, and Alexandria in time to concentrate with the rest of the Eighth Regiment on 12th instant at Sauk Centre. The utmost possible expedition should be used in effecting this very important object, and the general trusts to you that there shall not be one day's delay that can be avoided. A leave of absence has been granted you of forty days, to take effect after your arrival at Fort Abercrombie. At the earnest request of the brigadier-general commanding you will

