
viding transportation for ammunition, and with two days' rations or more in haversack, you will please move your land column on Thursday, 7th instant, on the Shreveport road, following the march of Major-General Franklin's command until you shall overtake it. After you shall have overtaken the command of General Franklin arrangements will be made for giving your troops their share of advance-guard duty. Major-General Franklin has with him a full supply of rations, which he will divide with you on the march. The major-general commanding desires me to express to you the pleasure he feels in having your fine troops united with those of the Department of the Gulf on the impending important march.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Little Rock, Ark., April 5, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Yesterday evening Captain Turner, in command of a troop of Third Arkansas Cavalry, arrived here. He states that you had sent him to communicate with General Thayer, but after going to Mount Ida he did not see or hear anything of him, and as he was surrounded by the enemy he undertook to return to you, but on arriving near Arkadelphia he was informed that Shelby occupied the place and his men refused to go on. He turned this way and arrived as stated. I send him and his command to you, with Captain Bunner and a detachment of cavalry from the cavalry detachment here. General Thayer passed through or near Hot Springs four days ago, and I hope has reached you by this time.

Guerrillas are plenty on the north side of the river and up about Clarksville, Roseville, and Dardanelle. Colonel Judson, commanding Fort Smith, informs me that the post at Roseville was attacked Saturday, but [the enemy] were repulsed. They, however, succeeded in burning 133 bales of good cotton. The force at Clarksville had a skirmish with guerrillas and whipped them; killed 4 or 5, captured several prisoners, and took 19 horses and a lot of small arms. The Twelfth Michigan arrived here on the 3rd with 750 men--300 armed, the balance unarmed and recruits. I have them armed, however, and am having them drilled. You will have heard of Clayton's success against Dockery and Andrews' against McRae.

I sent out to Alum Fork after the records of Pulaski County. They were not there; had been moved two months [ago] to Washington by the deputy clerk, a Mr. Walker. The party I sent out had some skirmishing with bushwhackers and killed 5, captured 2. One, however, was a soldier of the Confederate Army on furlough. All is quiet about us here. Colonel Judson says his force is inadequate to protect that country from guerrillas. I have directed the Ninth Kansas to report there. That regiment left Lawrence, Kans., on last Friday. I need more mounted men, as infantry cannot be used successfully in ridding the country of guerrillas. The Fifty-fourth Illinois has not arrived, but we are looking for it in two or three days. It has been detained for a few days in Illinois by General Grant. Major Green will no doubt give you all important information. We have not heard from you since Ligherland returned, except through Captain Turner.

