
please, before availing yourself of this leave, to select your most trustworthy and reliable officer to take command of the important post of Fort Abercrombie, and give him strict orders as to the security and discipline thereof.

The command should be kept from straggling, and as much care exercised in guarding the approaches to the fort as if an enemy was known to be in the immediate vicinity. The large amount of ammunition and of other public property at Abercrombie affords a peculiar temptation to hostile Indians to endeavor to gain possession of the fort by a coup de main, so that officers who have heretofore been intrusted with the command have invariably been enjoined to exercise the strictest vigilance. You will also give such full instructions as may be necessary to prevent any interference by the officers and men at the post to be garrisoned by the battalion under your command with Indians who are acting as scouts under instructions from these headquarters, or half-breeds acting in the same capacity, and also with such Sioux as, having accepted the terms granted them by the Government, may temporarily linger on the lower Cheyenne River at no great distance from Abercrombie, awaiting the movements of the troops to be dispatched to the post about to be established at Devil's Lake.

It would be alike unjustifiable and inhuman to take advantage of the faith placed by them in the promises of the Government officers to permit any injury to be done them by our troops, so that too much care cannot be taken in this respect. At the same time they will not be permitted to visit any of the points occupied by our troops, unless the chiefs or principal men, unattended, desire a conference with the officer commanding, and even in such cases they should be required to make their visit very short, and not be permitted to acquire any knowledge of the condition or defenses of the post, of which any advantage could be taken, should any treachery be intended. Colonel Thomas reports that teamsters had arrived at Saint Cloud with statements that Indians had been discovered by them between Fort Abercrombie and Georgetown, but he places no reliance in them.

The Red Lake and Pembina bands of Chippewas are reported to have made a treaty with the Government which is entirely acceptable to them, in which case they will probably cease to annoy trains passing along the Red River, as has been the case heretofore to some extent. Still it will be well to keep one company of your battalion on patrol duty on the route between Abercrombie and Pembina during the summer, when their presence is not indispensable elsewhere.

The horses for your battalion have not yet arrived, but are daily expected. When they arrive they will be dispatched in charge of recruits for your command detained at Fort Snelling for that purpose. You will be expected to place everything in proper condition at the posts to be garrisoned by your battalion before availing yourself of your leave of absence. You have already been instructed that the garrison at Fort Abercrombie will consist of two companies, Pomme de Terre and Alexandria half a company each, leaving one company free, when the grass is sufficiently grown to subsist the animals, for the other duty indicated.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

