HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS.,In the Field, May 6, 1864.

General DWIGHT:

I visited the line of outposts and defenses during the past twenty-four hours, as you directed, under orders from headquarters Department of the Gulf. The general line of defenses is good. On the other side of the river three regiments, encamped half a mile from the river, have defenses on the right of trenches and pine logs; on the left there is nothing. The position, naturally, is very good, but it can be improved greatly with little labor. The laboring party near the dam have no trenches, and I think need none. Between the river and bayou I found two regiments under Colonel Smith, One hundred and twenty-eighth New York, skirmishing with the enemy. Cavalry outposts were afterward established, and the inner lines covered by the Thirteenth Army Corps was engaged with the enemy, and the outposts either moved forward or taken up by the advancing lines. The infantry picket-line was probably posted throughout.

Very respectfully,

T. H. BRINGHURST,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div., 13th Army Corps.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 117. New Orleans, La., May 6, 1864.

1. The detachment of the Twenty-fifth U. S. Infantry (colored), Colonel G. A. Scroggs commanding, having reported at these headquarters, in obedience to paragraph 42, Special Orders, No. 116, War Department, Adjutant-Generals' Office, will proceed at once to Carrollton, La., and on its arrival be immediately disembarked and reported to Colonel Wilson, commanding district.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

Alexandria, May 6, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you send two regiments of infantry from your command to report at the headquarters of Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of cavalry, at 6 a.m. to-morrow. They are required for escort to a train and are desired to have one day's rations.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

