
under the impression that all of your artillery was to be parked at Cameron's camp. Am I correct in this impression, and if I am, how did it get up? I recollect that we has some conversation about it, and that I agreed that the infantry regiments left with it might go forward. Tell me about this. Has the battle been postponed until late the next day, we could have brought 20,000 infantry against the rebels in one body, instead of fighting them with 5,000 infantry put in squads of 1,000, more or less. Had it been postponed until early the next morning, we could have commenced the fight with 11,000 infantry, and certainly could have held our ground until the arrival of General A. J. Smith with 9,000 fresh men. Let me hear from you soon.

Truly, your friend,

W. B. FRANKLIN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 6, 1864.

Colonel DICKEY:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you stop all work on the fortifications on your front, as it will be necessary to throw all available force into the work of building the dam. You will hold your present position by a strong picket-line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 6, 1864.

Colonel DICKEY:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you immediately send your largest and best regiment (the whole of it) to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, acting military engineer Nineteenth Army Corps, and encamp it at this end of the dam. As soon as it is concentrated you will relieve your detail now at work at that place. You will report to these headquarters the strength of the regiment and the execution of this order. The regiment should number 400. The rapid building of the dam is a question of vital importance to the army and navy. The general therefore expects that you will do everything in your power to hasten this work by occasional personal superintendence of your men, and by sending a staff officer to see that they do the whole creditably.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 99. Alexandria, La., May 6, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Commanding officers Second Brigade, First Division, of Third Division, of First Wisconsin Battery, of Second Ohio Battery, and of Battery A, First Regiment Missouri Volunteer Light Artillery,

