
will prepare to move forward at 12 m. promptly, with all their available force. Two days' rations will be carried by the men. The infantry will take 40 rounds in cartridge-boxes. A reserve of 60 rounds will be carried in wagons. Corps, division, and brigade headquarters will each take one wagon to carry office, mess furniture, and forage. The camps of these troops will be struck, the baggage loaded in the wagons, and the wagons parked in the rear of the present line ready to go forward or retire.

III. Commanding officer Fourth Division will occupy the Winn road line when the other troops advance. He will also control all detachments and men necessarily left in camp, and will forward all fit for duty belonging to the advance force not left behind by proper authority. He will supply the present grand guard from his own command.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Regimental commanders will call up their men at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning to be ready for any emergency.

VI. Hereafter the muskets must be uncapped and stacked on the color line of each regiment whenever a halt is made, and at night at least one sentinel placed over them to prevent the stacks from being broken. Care should be taken to prevent firing in camp, and to keep the men from passing outside of the lines. No drumming will be allowed except when the alarm is ordered to be beaten.

By command of Major General John A. McClernand:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., May 6, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that, owing to my present state of health, the command of the detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps in the field will devolve, temporarily, upon Brigadier General M. K. Lawler, in the capacity of chief of staff. In order to avoid confusion and contradiction of orders, and to afford myself some respite from labor and opportunity for recovery, I would request that all orders and instructions relative to this command be communicated directly to General Lawler. As he is at present acting under an order from department headquarters, transmitted through these headquarters, and is the senior officer present for duty, he has been instructed to report direct to your headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., May 6, 1864.

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: By virtue of your seniority and appointment as chief of staff you will assume command of the detachment of the Thirteenth

