
Army Corps in the field until further orders. During the period of your command you will report direct to department headquarters. Inclosed you will find copy of a communication to department headquarters, which will explain the reasons for this arrangement.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., May 6, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Under conflicting orders yesterday the Twenty-ninth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry was sent to protect the working parties at the dam on Red River. If not needed there, and if it can possibly be spared, I earnestly request that it be returned. We need it.

Very respectfully,

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 6, 1864.

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER,

Commanding Detachment Thirteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Regiment, which was on duty at the dam last night, for some unaccountable reason, was taken away this morning. The general wishes it to go back to the dam without a moment's delay, and remain there until regularly relieved. The work on the dam is of the utmost importance, and every facility should be given to push it on.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER,

Chief of Staff, Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In answer to your communication of this morning the major-general commanding directs me to say that it is of vital importance to this army and navy that the dam should be finished as soon as possible. Everything else must yield to this necessity. You will therefore send immediately a Wisconsin regiment to encamp near the farther end of dam, and there report to Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, Fourth Wisconsin Volunteers, acting military engineer Nineteenth Army Corps, in charge of the work. You will also send the remainder of the pioneer corps to the same place, to report to its commanding officer. Orders already issued to this

---------------

*See McClernand to Dwight, p.457.

---------------

