HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 6, 1864.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires you to get 1,000 cavalry ready to move at once. The chief of staff desires you to come to headquarters as soon as you have given the necessary orders for the above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DONALDSONVILLE, May 6, 1864.

Major J. LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The cavalry sent out by me last night have sent a messenger who has just arrived; he reports a rebel force in Napoleonville; does not know what force. Their telegraph line is down on this side. I shall send all the cavalry I have here immediately.

N. SHAURMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, May 6, 1864-10 p.m.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

The steamer George Washington will leave to-morrow morning, and, as communication with the headquarters of the department in the field is interrupted, I send the following resume of information: The last date at these headquarters from headquarters department at Alexandria is April 30. News by telegram to-day from Port Hudson and Baton Rouge is to the effect that we have lost three steamers (transports) on Red River, within the past few days, viz, Emma, laden with stores; City Belle, from Baton Rouge for Alexandria, with One hundred and twentieth Ohio on board, 700 strong. About half this regiment escaped and were reported near Alexandria, on left bank of river. John Warner left Alexandria May 4, 9.30 a.m., with Fifty-sixth Ohio, 250 strong, for furlough, with two gun-boats in company. About 215 of this regiment have reached Port Hudson. Two gun-boats also reported destroyed. These boats were destroyed by a battery some 20 miles above Fort De Russy, on right bank of river, supported by an infantry force estimated at from 1,000 to 5,000.

Telegram says Colonel Bassett, Seventy-third Infantry (colored), Colonel Mudd, Second Illinois Cavalry, and Colonel Spiegel, One hundred and twentieth Ohio, known to be killed. Rebel force concentrating at Clinton, La., threatening Baton Rouge and Port Hudson; latest information from Baton Rouge estimates this force at not more than 3,000. A reconnoitering force from Baton Rouge a few days since had an affair at Comite River, some 9 to 12 miles from Baton Rouge, in which we lost Colonel Boardman, of Wisconsin,

