
killed. Operator at mouth Red River sends rumor that the army is falling back from Alexandria to Simsport, but I incline to the opinion that a force has been sent from Alexandria to open the communication and not that the whole army has moved, as the latter would, according to our present advices, involve the destruction of eight or nine gun-boats that cannot get down the river with the present stage of water.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

P. S.-One of the telegrams states that a bearer of dispatches from Washington to General Banks was on board the City Belle, but gives no name or detail.

J. J. R.

RINGGOLD, GA., May 6, 1864-9.30 a.m. (Received 12 m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The following dispatch has just been received, and the War Department must give the necessary orders:

LITTLE ROCK, April 28, 1864. (Via Cairo, May 5, 1864.)

General W. T. SHERMAN:

A train of 240 wagons, with an escort of about 1,600 infantry, 400 cavalry, and five pieces of artillery, was attacked at Marks' Mills, 8 miles beyond the Saline River, on the Camden and Pine Bluff road, at 10 o'clock on the 25th instant, and after a desperate fight of three hours the train, with all the artillery and the greater portion of the infantry and cavalry, was captured. About 300 men escaped and have made their way to Pine Bluff and Little Rock. The enemy's force consisted of Shelby's and Fagan's command of about 5,000 men-cavalry and mounted infantry, and two batteries of artillery. I was informed by Captain Dunham, of General Banks' staff, and bearer of dispatches from General Steele to General Banks, that a very large train was captured by Marmaduke on the 18th instant, on the Washington road, some few miles out of Camden. This, if true, leaves General Steele with only about 150 wagons to supply his army. The chief quartermaster has sent an agent to Memphis and Saint Louis for wagons and mules. Will you please order, say, 2,000 mules and 200 wagons sent to this department at once. A special messenger bears this dispatch to Cairo, and will proceed to Nashville with a more detailed report of matters in this department. Communication between Little Rock and Saint Louis by telegraph has been cut off for three weeks.

Respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The whole movement on Red River was predicated on the fact of high water and prompt movements, but heavy trains have ruined General Banks and Steele both. I hope Steele will not sit down at Camden and wait for us. Now that his wagons are lost he can move fast and live on the country, and the enemy will be embarrassed by the heavy trains. I repeat, I am unable here to give Steele the necessary orders for mules, wagons, &amp;c., and must refer the dispatch to the War Department. That must decide whether we are to persevere toward upper Louisiana or watch our possessions west of the Mississippi for the time being.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

