
WASHINGTON, May 6, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General R. ALLEN,

Louisville, Ky.:

Dispatches just received from Little Rock, dated April 28, state that General Steele's supply train of 240 wagons was captured on the 25th, at Marks' Mills, on the Camden road, near the Saline River. You will immediately adopt measures to supply this loss in provisions and transportation by the Arkansas or Washita River, as you may deem most practicable. Officers or quartermaster's agents should be sent to Saint Louis, Cairo, Memphis, &amp;c., to collect wagons, mules, &c., and send them forward. The Department of the Missouri should be able to supply a part, at least, of your immediate wants. Telegraph for any orders you may require to take them, if General Rosecrans will not give them up.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, KY., May 6, 1864-8.30 p.m. (Received 10.05 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

It appears to be authentic that General Steele has returned to Little Rock. Will this modify your instructions? Can furnish 200 wagons and teams from Saint Louis as fast as they can be transported.

ROBERT ALLEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &C.,Little Rock, Ark., May 6, 1864.

General F. SALOMON,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General Steele asked me to write you and obtain the particular time of day that the skirmishing commenced at Jenkins' Ferry, the time of day when the fierce attacks were made, and at what hour they abandoned their position. There are discrepancies among us on those points, but your report is final.

Please let me have this data as early as possible, for the general wishes to incorporate them in his dispatch of to-day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &c.,

J. B. WHEELER,

Captain of Engineers.

[Indorsement.*]

Skirmishing commenced at 5 a.m. Line withdrawn one-half mile behind second field. First fierce attack, 5.45 a.m., on the right; repulsed after one and one-half yours' fighting. Second attack on our left 7.30 a.m.; our left flank partly turned, but position regained after one and one-half hours' terrific fighting; skirmishing always

---------------

*In pencil and without signature.

---------------

