
This force would be sufficient if concentrated, but that is impossible without abandoning the city. If I have to concentrate my troops below the city it would be plundered and the enemy enriched. If a raid should be made on the freedmen's farm, 3 1/2 miles below this place, with a force of 500 cavalry, and I attempt to repel it by marching out 400 cavalry, it will take every mounted man I have, as the Sixth Tennessee are only partly mounted, and it is a raw, undisciplined detachment, and I would have none left to guard the roads leading into the city. In view of the above facts I again ask for a good regiment of white infantry, one section of light artillery, with 1 good officer and horses, and 300 good cavalry to replace the Sixth Tennessee, which are now loaned me from Memphis only because they have no horses.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 6, 1864.

Colonel JUDSON,

Commanding District of the Frontier, Fort Smith, Ark.:

A scout from Neosho to Grand River has returned, and reports only 150 rebels at Gilstrop's Ferry and in that vicinity. An Indian, one of Stand Watie's men, captured, says Quantrill has gone north with 300 men.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, May 6, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Fort Gibson, C. N.:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of the 3rd instant is received. I send small boat with twenty days' rations for you and command at Mackey's Salt-Works. Your surprise of the enemy, and slaying them, was justifiable, after they refused to surrender. The killing of one of the murderers of Dr. Gillpatrick is truly gratifying. You having authority to mount your men will make your force much more effective and satisfactory, and have the opposite effect upon the enemy.

Very respectfully,

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 6, 1864.

General EWING,

Commanding, Saint Louis:

Twenty guerrillas passed up west of Bloomfield at 3 o'clock this morning. Our men got after them, chased them 25 miles, killed 2,

