
and took no prisoners. One had the oath of allegiance in his pocket, but as the bullet missed the pocket it failed to protect him. He was a notorious wretch. Major Carpenter leaves for Saint Louis in the morning.

J. B. ROGERS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, May 6, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In response to verbal instructions from the major-general commanding, directing me to institute an inquiry with a view to obtain such information as might contribute to the formation of a just conclusion as to the policy and economy of the completation of the southwest branch of the Pacific Railroad from this point to Springfield, by the Government, I have the honor to submit the following statement:

Fist. I am satisfied that it would be impolitic and inexpedient for the Government to undertake to construct the road from this point through to Springfield, for the reason that it would require at least two years to complete the work with any force that could be put upon it, there being two long tunnels and a number of heavy cuts, the work upon which could not be hastened. This long delay would, in my judgment, deprive the enterprise of its chief recommendation, if not of the only authority which would authorize its construction by the Government, viz, as a military necessity. Besides, the expenditure involved would be so large as to render it impossible that the Government would be reimbursed by the use of the road during the war.

Second. I am satisfied that it would be both politic and economical for the Government to render the company such aid as would enable it to complete the road from this point to the Big Piney, at the earliest possible date. My reasons for this conclusion are as follows: The distance is 23 miles, the grading is nearly finished, $500,000 would complete the whole work, and it can be done within five months from the time it is begun. I am satisfied, from conversing with those who are thoroughly familiar with the subject, that the cost of transportation from this place to the Big Piney will amount to at least one-third of the whole cost from here to Springfield. This results from the broken and rugged character of the country from this to Big Piney, and the bad condition of the road in consequence. It is estimated that one-half of the wear and tear to mules and wagons incurred upon the whole route may be attributed to this portion of the road. Besides, temas are able to haul one-third more, after passing the Big Piney, than they are able to carry from here to that point. I feel safe in saying that by the construction of that part of the road named the Government would be able to save at least 33 per cent, of the whole cost of transportation from this place to Springfield.

From the most careful estimate I have been able to make, I am of the opinion that the present cost of transportation from here to Springfield will not fall below 5 cents per pound, and that it cannot be much reduced below that figure as long as it shall continue necessary to supply forage from Saint Louis. The number of pounds.

