
carried over this road during the month of April past, by the Government, was 554,000. Whether this amount will be increased, and when, and to what extent, depends of course upon circumstances which are altogether conjectural and about which the major-general commanding is better able to form an intelligent opinion than myself. It occurs to me, however, that the meager force now in the southwest can hardly be reduced while the struggle continues, and that circumstances may arise at any moment to render to the economical aspects of the question. There are other considerations to which I would call attention, which I regard as altogether important as those to which I have already alluded.

As a permanent depot for supplies and a station for troops, the terminus of the road at Big Piney possesses great advantages over this place. Here during the summer season water is difficult to be had for the men, having to be hauled some distance, while it often becomes necessary to carry stock as much as 3 miles to procure it. Timber for fire-wood has to be hauled a distance of 5 or 6 miles, and that used for building purposes as far as 10 or 12 miles. At the crossing of the Big Piney you have an abundance of good timber, and a large and most beautiful stream of clear, pure water. The position is naturally a strong one and easily made defensible against almost any force. It is most eligible in every point of view, for military purposes, and I believe it will prove advantageous to the Government to occupy it at as early a date as practicable. In addition, as is well known, the whole Southwest has been devastated and depopulated. The desolating tread of contending armies has left a wilderness where the enterprise of a thrifty people had planted a garden. Not only have the loyal people of this region suffered at the hands of an exasperated and relentless foe, but many of them have had their farms destroyed by Union troops, either through necessity or wantonness. To repopulate this country and restore it to a condition of thrift and prosperity will require something more than ordinary stimulants. Nothing, in my judgment, will contribute more to the early attainment of that object than the extension of the southwest branch.

The inauguration of this work will afford labor to hundreds who are now subsisting upon the bounty of the Government, thus relieving the country from this unnatural tax upon its resources, and these suffering and unfortunate people from a degrading dependence entailed upon them by their patriotism and devotion to the Government. And as a paramount consideration to all that has been offered, I insist that the small expenditure involved in the contemplated extension would be but a pot remuneration to these war scarred people for all they have done and suffered in behalf of our struggling country, and but a fitting tribute to the noble heroism and devotion which prompted these sacrifices under circumstances so trying and inauspicious. For definite and detailed information in regard to the cost of the extension thereto, I refer the major-general commanding to Colonel George R. Taylor, president, and T. McKissock, chief engineer, of the road. These gentleman will, I am satisfied, not only take pleasure in furnishing any information desired, but will no doubt secure the hearty co-operation of the company in any measure the Government may deem expedient to adopt looking to the extension of the road. I regret that I have not been able to

