
present the subject in a more tangible and intelligible light, but trust that what has thus been crudely offered will induce a more rigid inquiry form abler hands, and that it may result in the early completion of the work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., May 6, 1864.

Major J. NELSON SMITH,

Second Colorado Cavalry:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit the following report of a scout composed of 7 men of Company A, 15 of Company E, and 14 of K, Second Colorado Cavalry: At 1 p.m. May 4, left Pleasant Hill; struck the timber of Big Creek, scouting down some distance; found the country very brush but no signs of any enemy. Leaving Big Creek, crossed the divide to a branch of Little Blue, scouting that to the main stream; camped near the junction; found the country very brush. The 5th, I scouted up Little Blue; found the timber to be very thick and wide; at the head of Little Blue crossed over to the head of Grand River, traveling down the Grand; the timber is 1 1/2 or 2 miles wide and very thick; at the head of Grand River found 1 man in the brush; pursued him with all possible speed, but he brush and timber beings so thick could not make much headway. Traced 2 of them down the river some 8 or 10 miles; found no traces of the enemy in a large force. Coming to a branch of the stream, found the bottom very wide and thick timber; following this tributary, came to Harrisonville and camped. The 6th, returned to Pleasant Hill, traveling in the three days about 100 miles.

ISAAC F. EVENS,

First Lieutenant, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Company C.

KANSAS CITY, MO., May 6, 1864. (Received 9.10 a.m.)

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

We have 7,000 bushels of corn at Hickman Mills, and about same amount at Snibar Station, which will be left unguarded. Shall I keep troops there until I get it removed?

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 6, 1864-9.15 a.m.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Kansas City, Mo.:

Leave sufficient guard at the stations named, and use dispatch in transfer of forage.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

