
the three lines of communication on account of the incidental encouragement thereby afforded to the "occupation and cultivation of the country." I have this day reviewed and inspected the troops at this post, consisting of one company Eleventh Kansas Volunteers Cavalry, four companies Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, one company Veteran Reserves, and one light battery, Fourth Kansas. The company of the Eleventh is well armed, well mounted, well drilled. The companies of the Sixteenth require horses. The light battery is newly organized.

The hospital, quartermaster's, and commissary depots were in fine order. Very extensive improvements, alterations, and repairs are going on, and a fine new guard-house of stone being built. The expenditures involved seemed to me very considerable for such a time as the present. I have not yet been furnished with returns of means of transportation by chief quartermaster, depot, or regimental quartermasters. I will procure them on my return from Fort Scott, and report any excess should it exist.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Inspecting Officer.

[Inclosure B.]

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., May 4, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Kansas:

MAJOR: Having been directed by Lieutenant-General Grant to make an inspection of this department, I have the honor to request, first, a copy of last tri-monthly report, showing the present disposition of troops, together with a statement of the number that can be spared for service at the front; second, a report of the means of transportation within the department, including those in the possession of post regimental quartermasters, together with a statement of the quantity that can be spared (especially of animals) for service at the front; third, a statement of the number of horses that can be spared from the department for artillery service at the front; fourth, the views of the commanding general with reference to the best method of forwarding supplies to Fort Gibson, Fort Smith, and their dependencies.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Inspector.

PAOLA, KANS., May 6, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Major Ross has not got orders to move, but to hold himself in readiness. There are 2 officers of Company E to be mustered in. The order for the major to move with that company was suspended to await the decision of General Curtis.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Dist.

