HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 6, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Sioux City:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 28th ultimo reached me on 2nd instant. Major Brackett marched with his battalion for Sioux City on 2nd instant, with orders to reach that point by the 15th instant, or as soon as practicable. I have received a communication from him dated the 4th, from which it appears that the horses furnished him, not having had time to recruit from the fatigue and want of proper care incidental to their transportation in crowded cars and barges from Detroit, are not in condition to make a rapid march, and that he may not be able to make Sioux City before 22nd instant. He has since received instructions to proceed with as much expedition as the state of his animals will allow, and I trust he will reach his destination not later than 20th.

The spring is very backward, thus far there being hardly the appearance of grass.

The detachment designated to join your command will be prepared to leave by June 1, if the grass shall be sufficient at that time to subsist the horses and mules. Bordache Creek, from the description you give, is the same as is named Bois Cache Creek on Warren's map, as I supposed. It empties into the Missouri a short distance below Little Soldier's Village. Unless some unforeseen and insurmountable obstacle should intervene, I have no doubt that the troops from this district will reach the point of junction with your forces on Bordache Creek by 20th proximo, as arranged between us heretofore. As they will necessarily march without any large surplus of subsistence it will be necessary for you to make the requisite arrangements to supply them.

I shall send your old acquaintance, Captain Jones, commanding Third Minnesota Battery, with the section of 6-pounders and one section of mountain howitzers, with the column, as he is the most competent man I know of to be placed in charge of all the artillery. I understand the arrangement about the post at Devil's Lake to be that I am do dispatch from here four companies of infantry to the Cheyenne River, there to await the movements of your expedition, and be communicated with by special messengers, so soon as you were prepared to dispense with the troops from this district; that the train of supplies would then be escorted from your post near the mouth of Heart River to Devil's Lake, the four companies of infantry to form a junction with the escort force at some point to be designated on the upper Cheyenne.

Since writing the foregoing I have received Major-General Pope's instructions to you of 3rd instant, which specify the arrangements as to the disposition of the force at the posts at Devil's Lake and James River more particularly. I need not state to you the importance of carrying out these arrangements as early as practicable after the primary objects of the campaign are consummated. The post at Devil's Lake should be commenced as early in the season as those more important considerations will permit. I shall be glad to receive all the information you can give me bearing upon all these subjects before you leave Sioux City for the upper country. I have advices from Pembina of the 22nd, and from Fort Abercrombie of 30th ultimo, but they contain no information on interest. Some of the

