
scouts were daily expected from James River, at the last-named post. Should any additional intelligence reach me I will not fail to advise you without delay.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 192. Washington, May 7, 1864.

By direction of the President, Major General E. R. S. Canby, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the Military Division of West Mississippi, which will include the Departments of Arkansas and of the Gulf.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 171. Washington, May 7, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

30. So much of Special Orders, No. 163, April 30, 1864, from this office, as relates to Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Vollum, medical inspector, U. S. Army, is hereby so amended as to read: In addition to the duties specified in Special Orders, No. 146, April 13, 1864, from this office, Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Vollum, medical inspector, U. S. Army, will make, in the Department of the Gulf, all inspections required by General Orders, No. 308, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, dated September 12, 1864. He will proceed forthwith up the Red River and make an inspection of the wounded in the recent engagements in that section and the means taken to provide for them.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

52. Orders given by Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi, will be obeyed by all troops on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

54. Major C. T. Christensen, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the War Department, and will report for duty to Major-General Canby, U. S. Volunteers, at Cairo, Ill.

55. Captain John F. S. Gray, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the War Department, and will report for duty to Major-General Canby, U. S. Volunteers, at Cairo, Ill.

56. First Lieutenant George S. Melville, Veteran Reserve Corps, is relieved from duty in the War Department, and will report to Major-General Canby without delay.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

