
by the occupation of so many points upon the Gulf coast, and in operating both upon the coast and by the line of Red River, has been against the advice and instructions sent to him by his superiors. Success can be gained only by concentration upon some important point, and avoiding all detachments and double lines of operations.

The co-operation of General Steele's corps with the main column on Red River was arranged between that officer, General Sherman, and General Banks, and his movement on Camden resulted from the danger of leaving the line of the Arkansas too weak if he should attempt to join Banks' column by water. His movement seems to have had the desired effect of at the same time covering the Arkansas and of drawing a portion of the rebel forces from General Banks' front. If on your arrival he should still hold Camden, it may be best for you to connect with him by the Washita, instead of operating on Red River, especially if the navigation of the latter should be impaired by low water. If General Steele should have returned to Little Rock, it will be for you to determine whether he shall again advance toward Camden or upon some other line. If General Banks has retreated down Red River, it is very probable that the enemy will throw a large force against Steele. At this distance from the theater of war it is not possible to give special instructions or to anticipate the condition of your command at the time you will reach it. You are therefore invested with all the power and authority which the President can confer on you, and you will act in all things as in your opinion may be best to secure the object in view, the restoration of the authority of the United States west of the Mississippi.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

P. S.-I am directed to call your attention particularly to the importance of protecting the gun-boats in the Red River by the military forces under your command.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 7, 1864.

Colonel CHANDLER,

Chief Quartermaster:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you send three boats of General A. J. Smith's fleet, under a convoy of two gun-boats, which will be furnished by the admiral, to Dr. Smith's plantation, to procure what forage is reported to be there by Lieutenant-Colonel Hubbard, commanding the Thirtieth Maine Volunteers, who was there on the 5th instant. A brigade of infantry and 200 cavalry, with twenty-five wagons, have been ordered to start at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning by land for that place. You will cause all the forage between Alexandria and that plantation to be secured and loaded on these boats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Admiral Porter.)

