
HEADQUARTER DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

Alexandria, May 7, 1864.

Colonel E. G. BECKWITH:

COLONEL: The commanding general desires me to say that he intends to move on Simsport at an early moment. He directs that you send twenty days' rations for 40,000 men to the vicinity of that place, to meet the army on its arrival. Colonel Holabird has been directed to lend every aid in his power. You will understand that this emergency is pressing, from the time we have been cut off.

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 38. Alexandria, La., May 7, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

5. On and after this date the issue of rations to this army will be reduced one-third, except in fresh beef, which will continue at full rations.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., May 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, as commanding officer of the outposts for the twenty-four hours ending 9 a.m. to-day, that I found the chain of posts covering the working parties and camps on the opposite side of the river to be continuous and well posted. Colonel Love with five companies of the One hundred and sixteenth New York Volunteers, picketing from the river above the dam to the left of Colonel Molineaux's line, fills the interval mentioned in previous day's report. Cavalry vedettes are posted in advance of an enemy on the line. Between Red River and Bayou Rapides 100 mounted men and 75 infantry performed the picket duty. There was no skirmishing, although the enemy's vedettes were but a few hundred yards distant. The picket-line of the Thirteenth Army Corps remained the same as the day previous.

The Fourth Division was doing the outpost duty for the corps, those not on the picket-line being line of battle; the remainder of the corps having advanced to the front. The left of the Thirteenth Army Corps pickets connecting with no other, although covered in front at some distance by cavalry vedettes posted along Bayou Robert, I ordered a detail of 50 men to continue the line to the Opelousas road. Striking the Opelousas road, I found the Second Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, going to the front to protect General Mower's rear at the junction of the Bayou Robert

