HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General EMORY:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that your order a brigade of infantry, with twenty-five wagons, accompanied by 200 cavalry, which has been directed to report to you, to move at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning down the river to Dr. Smith's plantation to get forage, reported to be there by Lieutenant Colonel T. H. Hubbard, commanding Thirtieth Maine Volunteers, who was there on the 5th instant. Three transports under convoy of two gun-boats go to this plantation to take on the forage obtained. The twenty-five wagons will be used to carry it to the boats. All forage on the banks of the river between here and Dr. Smith's plantation should be taken on the boats. These boats will start in season to be at the place as soon as the troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., May 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

I have just received a note from General Mower, stating that in his front on the opposite side of Bayou Boeuf there is no corn. What the rebels have not consumed they have destroyed. The corn from Bayou Lamourie has, and is now, being taken by our troops, after which will there by any necessity of keeping my command so far to the front? Please answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 7, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detachment Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to inform you that General Mower has been ordered to fall back after the corn has been secured, his retrograde movement to commence at 1 a.m. to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General MOWER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Captain Dunham, of the staff of the major-general commanding, reports you to be farther out than I anticipated. He (the major-general commanding) hopes you will not go beyond the

