
end of the railroad, and he trusts that you will not become involved in any serious combats. At the same time he is willing that you should run some risks for forage and for correct information as to the enemy's strength, position, and force. You are cautioned that about 500 of the enemy penetrated yesterday near to this place between you and General Lawler. They were merely observing. If you get hold of forage, by all means hold it until our trains can get it. Having accomplished what is so briefly indicated in this letter, you can return to Governor Moore's plantation and the bayou, your old position. You will not start to return, however, before 1 a.m. to-morrow, nor will you be obliged to return to your old position if you prefer any other in advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST AND THIRD DIVISIONS, 16TH ARMY CORPS,Crossing of the Railroad on Bayou Lamourie, 17 miles from Alexandria, May 7, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have just received your communication of this morning. The enemy is showing himself in our front this morning, but the nature of the country is such that I have as yet been unable to ascertain his strength. I regret to have to report that we have not found any forage, with the exception of one small lot of about thirty wagon loads. It seems to be the intention of the enemy to destroy what corn is in our front. He burned one lot last night to prevent our getting possession of it.

There are several plantations beyond this bayou where the enemy are. I will endeavor to drive them away and take possession of whatever forage may be found there. Should we not find forage to-day I will return to my old position, in compliance with your orders. Deserters and refugees give very conflicting statements concerning the enemy and their strength. The most reliable reports seem to be that the main body of their force is at and near Fort De Russy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 7, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. MOWER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch is received. The general wishes me to say that orders were sent you this morning by Captain Dunham, aide-de-camp, to move on in the morning. You are desired by the general to continue to advance, according to instructions by Captain Dunham, but to use caution and care.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

