
of providing means to cross troops over the river. The report is that they intend to collect them at Red Bluff. A steamer with a guard and one piece of artillery will go down the river to-night to destroy or bring to Little Rock all skiffs and flats to be found. You will please send a cavalry force up the river to see what is being done and to destroy all boats to be found on the river; also, have a squad on the river at Pine Bluff to observe that none are floating past. We have a rumor here that a train of eighty wagons en route from Pine Bluff to Little Rock was captured a day or two ago. The general wishes to know what there is of it.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, May 7, 1864.

Colonel O. WOOD,

Brownsville Station:

The One hundred and sixth Illinois Infantry, from Little Rock, and 60 cavalry from Devall's Bluff, are ordered to report to you.

Respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 7, 1864.

Colonel JUDSON,

Commanding, Fort Smith:

Major Cosgrove has returned from a scout on Grand River. Stand Watie was at Boggy Depot in person last Sunday, and had ordered all the troops of his command to move south, and his command left Maysville on that day and moved across Grand River and in a southwest direction. Quantrill moved north with about 80 men the same day. The force at Gilstrop's Ferry has gone.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 7, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Colonel Moonlight, Mound City, has undoubted evidences of Quantrill with 70 men crossing Osage near Papinsville, going north, last Tuesday. To-day he is reported as near Independence. Lexington mail robbed yesterday. One of my scouts reports Dick Yeager with 130 camped three days ago about 12 miles southeast of Little Santa Fe.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

OPERATOR:

Repeat the above to Colonel Ford, Kansas City; to General Brown, Warrensburg, and to General Fisk, Saint Jo; also to Lawrence and to Paola.

