
will please request General Smith to take him on his transport and facilitate his journey to General Franklin's headquarters. The Gazelle gun-boat will remain at General Smith's present position until the arrival of the major-general commanding. You will please remain on her and report in person on board the steam-boat when she shall arrive there.

Very respectfully, I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SUPT.'S OFFICE, U. S. MILITARY RAILROADS, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Algiers, La., April 1, 1864.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans:

MAJOR: It is represented to me by employes and others along the line of the Jackson railroad that a project is in contemplation by rebels on the mainland near Manchac to cut or destroy the road in that vicinity; that they are collecting boats on the farther side of Lake Maurepas, with a view of coming in through Bayou De Sair and capturing the guard at that place, then to await the arrival of the train and take possession of that to run up to the fort. From the information I have in regard to the country I consider the plan feasible, as the small guard at De Sair might be very easily surprised.

I am also informed by my foreman of contrabands at Big Prairie, 4 miles above Kenner Station, that 2 men in Confederate uniform (apparently officers), heavily armed, came into his camp early yesterday morning and had breakfast with the negroes. They made many inquiries in regard to our forces on the road, and finally went back through the woods toward the lake, as they had come in. I would request permission to arm the conductor, engineer, and train hands, and would suggest the propriety of furnishing a guard, either from here or Camp Parapet, to go up with the trains each day. The loss of either engines or cars would be almost irreparable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. MORSE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, April 5, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Roberts, commanding District of Carrollton, for action.

By command of Major-General Reynolds.

JOHN LEVERING,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CARROLLTON, Carrollton, April 6, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Captain Hawke, for his information.

I have ordered a daily guard of 1 commissioned officer and 20 men to go from here and return with the train. There should be no delay in getting the launch with the howitzer onto the lake, and accompanied by the skiffs, a reconnaissance should be made, with

