
otherwise directed. Will the general commanding give any direction or make any suggestion in this matter? The only question seems to be whether to move the force south of Boston Mountains and let it go to the Department of Arkansas, or bring it north to keep it in this department. I do not think I will be strong enough without this regiment to operate in Northern Arkansas.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, Mo., May 7, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major Cosgrove, Eighth Missouri State Militia, returned from a scout to Benton County, Ark., and the Indian Nation, last night. He had a skirmish with Stand Watie's command, killing 6 and capturing 3 prisoners. He reports that their force numbered about 400 men, and have gone south. The prisoners report that this force was sent out to reconnoiter and see their friends, and five days since received orders from General Price to come back south, and that most of the force had started before the skirmish. Quantrill left the Seneca Nation last Sunday, in person, with 57 men. Many of his men had gone on before, all moving up the border. All is now quiet in the district.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PALMYRA, MO., May 7, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have the honor to report myself at Palmyra. All quiet. Shall remain in the northeast a few days.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 7, 1864. [Received 7.20 p.m.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

My force very small; total present for duty, 4,292; total in Kansass for duty, 2,397. Have ordered some of Nebraska and Colorado troops to strengthen Kansas, but this will be a small and delayed relief for threatened raids in Kansas. I desire that Kansas militia may be mobilized and, like those in Missouri and other Western States, made available for any emergency, either as 100-day men or otherwise. I cannot draw from depots and stations for necessary escorts without a neighborhood terror and remonstrance against removal of necessary protection. Guerrillas are collecting and recruiting on the border and below. I have all my force on the alert, but I have no reserve to repel or pursue a raiding force. See details of my returns of April 30.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

