HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, May 7, 1864.

Hon. W. W. H. LAWRENCE,Secretary of State, Topeka, Kans.:

Yours of the 4th, and several other papers relating to the necessity of having troops stationed at Topeka, have been received and forwarded to the district commander, General McKean, who will do the very best he can in view of other pressing demands for forces. I am greatly disappointed in the occupation, by our forces, on what I regarded our proper line of defense, the Arkansas River. Troops withdrawn from that line have left the way rather open for rebels, and I am obliged to move troops from stationary points in order to repel approaching and accumulating rebel forces.

I have every man on the watch and will do all I can to keep our lines guarded, but I have urged the Governor also to organize, arm, and in every way prepare the militia for service, and I have also urged the honorable the Secretary of War to allow Kansas to call out the militia, as 100-days men or otherwise, as other States east of us are doing. The rebels are reported only in small bands, and General Rosecrans, in whose department they seem to have found shelter, assures me that his officers are vigilant in their pursuit and destruction. I think it would be well to have frequent musters of the militia and that they should come out with muskets, ammunition, blankets, and haversacks, displaying actual readiness for a few days' campaign if occasion should offer.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT GIBSON, May 7, 1864. [Received 10th.]

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

Train arrived and unloaded; starts back to-morrow. Captain Phillips, with one howitzer and 230 men, gone up Grand River three days ago. Quantrill crossed Grand River at Gilstrop's Ferry. I have a force on the east side toward Maysville watching the enemy. River slowly falling. I can send to Fort Scott for the ponies if I can get good ones there. They ought to be good as the horses of the enemy.

WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA, Omaha, Nebr. Ter., May 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. O. COLLINS:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 25th ultimo, reporting the seizure of certain ammunition and the arrest of Indian traders. The general commanding directs that the ammunition be retained till further orders, unless the parties have special authority for its sale Washington or from the department commander. In any case it should not be permitted to be so sold as to fall into the hands of hostile Indians.

