
The general commanding does not desire to give detailed instructions governing intercourse with Indians, as his information as to the circumstances and necessities of the case is quite limited. He directs, however, that the trade with warlike Indians be stopped, and that, being in the immediate vicinity, you must use your discretion as to the necessary restrictions to be placed on the trade with the other tribes to prevent the hostile Indians from profiting thereby.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. ON MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., May 7, 1864.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS,Commanding First Sub-District:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 3rd instant, covering one from Captain Butterfield, at Fort Abercrombie, has been duly received at these headquarters. General Sibley feels very deeply anxious at the threatened delay in relieving the companies of the Eighth by Major Hatch's battalion. If the companies at Fort Abercrombie, Pomme de Terre, and Alexandria cannot be relieved so as to reach Sauk Centre by 18th instant at latest, they must march across by Lake Traverse to meet the remainder of the column at Inkpa River, below Lac-qui-parle, which will be the point of departure from the waters of the Minnesota River across to the Missouri. It seems, however, hardly probable that these companies will not be able to concentrate at Sauk Centre before 18th instant.

The column must march from Camp Pope by 28th instant, so as to be able to leave the mouth of the Inkpa River by 1st June, in accordance with the understanding with Brigadier-General Sully. Everything needful is being dispatched to Fort Ridgely with all the rapidity practicable, except such stores as are requisite for the equipment of the Eighth Regiment at Sauk Centre and their subsistence on the march to Fort Ridgely. The cavalry equipments of the regiment, except such as will be required for the use of the men who will take up the horses, will be sent to Anoka to-day or on Monday, as they are here already. It is hoped that the transportation ordered by Captain Carling, chief quartermaster, to be furnished by Captain Kimball, assistant quartermaster, will be in readiness at Anoka to take the equipments and subsistence stores forward without delay. No time should be lost in pressing everything forward, as the orders of General Pope are peremptory that the column shall march not later than the time designated. Captain McCoy, with his company and a detachment of 41 deserters from the rebel army, will leave on the 9th with 500 horses for the Eighth Regiment, and Captain Aldrich, with the portion of his company ordered down for that purpose, will take charge of the remainder and be dispatched as soon as possible. General Sibley depends upon your well-known energy to push matters forward with all expedition. The command at Fort Ripley should move at one to Sauk Centre in a direct line as soon as relieved by the enlisted men of your regiment not fit for field service, who, General Sibley supposes, will form a detachment of 50 or 60 men at least. Sixteen of the best men among the rebel

