
deserters are assigned there also for garrison duty. You will order Lieutenant Harris to proceed without any delay to that post, and some officer will be detailed from these headquarters to assume the command.

Companies B and G, now at Ripley, and F, at Richmond, all of Second Regiment Cavalry, will accompany the Eighth Regiment from Sauk Centre to Camp Pope, and to avoid the delay in taking the horses for Company G to Fort Ripley, Captain Nix will be directed to proceed directly to Sauk Centre with the horses for his company, and the remaining men can proceed overland with the rest of the companies at Fort Ripley to the point of concentration. So soon as you have placed everything in motion to accomplish the intended movements, and deem your presence at Saint Cloud no longer indispensable, you will report in person at these headquarters to received your final instructions from the brigadier-general commanding. The Missouri River is represented to be in good condition for steamers, so that General Sully will not likely be delayed by low water, which fact renders the necessity of a speedy movement by the co-operating column from this district so much the greater.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 8, 1864-12 noon.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Ringgold, Ga.:

Major General E. R. S. Canby, U. S. Volunteers, has been placed in command of the Military Division of West Mississippi, composed of the Departments of Arkansas and of the Gulf, and has left to join his command. He will stop at Louisville to consult with General Allen in regard to supplies. Please sent the latest information you have to General Canby at Cairo. General Canby has authority to use any of your troops on the Mississippi River in case of an emergency, but not to interfere with your plans for the security of the navigation of that river. This arrangement relieves you from all further responsibility in regard to operations west of the Mississippi. General Grant's last orders were that A. J. Smith and his command were to remain west of the Mississippi River until further orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

TUNNEL HILL STATION, GA., May 8, 1864.

Major-General CANBY,

Commanding Division West of the Mississippi River, Cairo:

I am rejoiced that you are to command west of the Mississippi River, and will heartily concur in whatever you may undertake. A. J. Smith has his own division and the fragments of two others. I am willing you should have Smith's permanently, but the other fragments should be sent to General McPherson as soon as you can spare them. The garrisons at Columbus, Ky., Memphis, Tenn.,

