
Vicksburg and Natchez, Miss., will be instructed, through General McPherson, commander of that department, to co-operate in anything you may undertake. I can give you but little information as General Steele's reports are very meager and General N. P. Banks does not report to me.

Arkansas is the field of danger, and you should hasten there and see General Steele. His wagons having been captured by the enemy, he will need more, but unless you have the control of the resources of Missouri and Kansas you may not be able to cover them against raids. The firm possession of Alexandria and Little Rock would pre vent the passage of the enemy toward Missouri, but each point should be strong enough to act offensively. I would have no hesitation in seizing any horses or mules in the country and subsist on the country unless the people prevent raids and organized armies, but can hold the country people responsible for the acts of guerrillas. Such towns as Monroe, Alexandria, and Natchitoches should be held responsible for attack on boats, for if they fire on boats with women and children in, we can fire and burn houses with women and children. At Memphis and Helena you will get all the information possible of the state of affairs since I left.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 8, 1864.

Major ELFIELD,Engineer Department:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that you cease all work until further orders on the fortifications. You will return all the details to their respective commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS.2nd Brigadier, 3rd DIV. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Alexandria, La., May 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

SIR: As commanding officer of the outposts for the twenty-four hours beginning at 9 a.m. May 7, 1864, and ending at 9 a.m. May 8, I have the honor to report that I visited the entire line on the south bank of the river from a point 8 miles southeast of Alexandria, the extreme left of Brigadier-General Smith's line, to a point on the river 6 miles above the town. From the river on the right of the line to Bayou Rapides, a distance of 1 1/2 miles, the picket is exclusively cavalry, well posted and at short distance from each other. From that point down the bayou 1 1/2 miles there are no pickets, but from the nature of the ground on the opposite side, and the impassable condition of the bayou, it may be unnecessary.

Around the bend of the bayou is an infantry picket of 75 men, connecting with another on the opposite side and in front of the Thir-

