
teenth Corps, which extends through continuously to the Opelousas road, with a cavalry picket in front. From the Opelousas road to a point near the plantation of Mrs. Flowers there is only a single line of cavalry pickets, but this line is protected by a bayou, passable only at a few points; from this point to the extreme left of Colonel Smith's line infantry pickets protect the front, with a reserve of two regiments close in the rear. From the left of this line to Red River, a distance of 3 1/2 or 4 miles, there were no pickets of any character. About noon of yesterday a line of cavalry pickets was extended from Vincent's sugar-mill, about half a mile east of the Opelousas road, to a point on the river 3 miles below Alexandria. This line was not fully posted when I visited the line, but one of the officers in charge assured me it was being done, and would be completed as rapidly as possible. I did not visit the line on the north bank of the river, for the want of time. There was no firing on the line at any point, nor was the enemy seen, except a small force on the opposite side of the river in front of the cavalry reserve on the extreme right of the line.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. SLACK,

Colonel, Commanding 2nd Brigadier,3rd Div., Thirteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 8, 1864.

Major-General MCCLERNAND:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that by noon to-morrow you be ready to march at two hours' notice. If any impediment to your doing so exists, you will notify these headquarters at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Same to Generals Emory, Smith, and Arnold.]

ALEXANDRIA, LA., May 8, 1864-9.50 p.m.

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER,

Commanding Detach. Thirteenth Army Corps, in the Field:

GENERAL: Herewith you will find a dispatch* from department headquarters, which explains itself. You will take every proper precaution promptly to meet the contingency contemplated in said dispatch. As the detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps in the field is under your temporary command, you will see that all orders relating to its movements and operations are promptly executed. You will see that your authorization for that purpose is complete under my dispatch of the 6th instant. It may be advisable for you to aks frequent directions from department headquarters in the premises, to avoid delays and misapprehensions. Had you not better communicate with department headquarters at once?

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General.

---------------

*See preceding, from Drake to McClernand.

---------------

