HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER.

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you have the bridge over Bayou Robert, on the road which runs from Bayou Rapides to the Opelousas road, rebuilt as soon as possible. The road referred to is just beyond Mrs. Winn's. Inform these headquarters when the bridge is completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Middle Bayou, La., May 8, 1864-7.40 p.m.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The bridge directed to be built at south end of the Winn railroad, over Bayou Robert, has been completed and is practicable for wagons and artillery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS.2nd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Pineville, May 8, 1864.

Captain J. HIBBERT, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully request that a small cavalry force be sent to report to me for picket duty and scouting on this side of the river. The two companies sent me a few days ago number together but about 60 men for duty, the company from the First Louisiana about 40, making in all 100 men for duty. My detail for picket alone is 51, which brings men on duty every other day and leaves me no scouting party. I have used the companies of Louisiana scouts, but now that they are withdrawn from my command I am under the necessity of making application for 100 cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel, Commanding.

LA FOURCHE, LA., May 8, 1864.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

From a prisoner of the Second Louisiana, rebel, just brought in, who appears quite communicative, I have obtained the following information, which I respectfully submit for the information of the general commanding: He states his party of 31 under Lieutenant Kelley was sent over to capture our picket at Napoleonville and cut the telegraph, and were expected to remain in the country thereabout. His captain said the rest of them would be down in about ten days. General Major, late colonel, was, when the prisoner's party left, at Cheneyville with two batteries, viz, Saint Mary's Can-

