
noneers and another, and four mounted regiments, Colonel Vincent's Second Louisiana among them. They were to come, he thought, by way of Grossetete, and perhaps Plaquemine. Kelley's party came by skiffs from Irish Bend across the lake and through bayous into Lake Verret, and were sent in compliance with instructions from General Taylor. Two companies of my cavalry are still out; one at Napoleonville and one near Labadieville.

N. W. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, No. 40. Fort Smith, Ark., May 8, 1864.

I. Major Hunt, First Arkansas Cavalry, will detail from his command 200 enlisted men, with a sufficient number of commissioned officers, all mounted, if possible, with four days' rations, to be in readiness to march to-morrow at 9 a.m. Major Hunt will report in person at these headquarters to-morrow at 7 a.m. for instructions.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Colonel W. R. Judson:

T. J. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, May 8, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: At the request of the department commander, the Governor of Missouri ordered into service some of the Enrolled Militia, of which thirty-five companies are still in service. They are picked men, have been on the same duty as other troops in the U. S. Volunteer service within this State, are clothed and subsisted by the United States, but paid by the State up to October 31, 1863, since which time they have had no pay. Their families were left unprovided for, because their term of service was uncertain and they hoped soon to be disbanded and return home. But up to the of my assuming command it was not thought prudent to dispense with their services. Upon examination and consideration of the possible eventualities of the coming campaign, I deemed it prudent to concur in the opinion of the district commanders that they ought to be continued in the service.

The poor fellows themselves have submitted to the necessity and performed duty in the most praiseworthy manner, but their hardships are really great, and in the present aspect of affairs in the Southwest their services should unquestionably be retained. I therefore respectfully and urgently request authority to muster them into service for one year from the 1st day of November last, in order that we be able to pay them for their past services and retain them until the close of the campaign. General Sanborn and General Holland represent the case of urgency for prompt action. I concur in that representation and hope an early decision will be given.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

