
recruits wish to go through to Batesville, send them through, if possible, with proper escort. Let me know what move you make, and do the best that can be done.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Commanding officer at Cassville will forward this dispatch to Colonel Phelps without delay.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HANNIBAL, MO., May 8, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Direct Colonel Williams to see that the Saint Joseph Enrolled Missouri Militia have their arms in shape to promptly use them in any emergency, and to lose no time in gathering in the arms scattered about the district in the hands of the militia not on duty. General Rosecrans prompts me to see that this is done at once.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, Kans., May 8, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: I propose to have several companies of militia to guard the towns for a short time and take eight or ten companies of our troops from the eastern border for an expedition again guerrilla bands across the Missouri line, and capture or break them up before they can ascertain our weak points and make raids. But in order to do this we must have authority to go into that State and the co-operation of the troops there. If they are not strong enough to co-operate, we should at least know their position and strength. If you think favorably I will communicate further. All plans should be kept secret, and the first thing to be done would be to have a full understanding about the line. The next, a conference with the district commander east of me. The action in regard to the militia should not be published. I am confident the guerrillas are getting ready to concentrate, and that Quantrill is now east of us, and if we can strike first, all danger may be averted for the season.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. MCKEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

[Indorsement.]

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 11, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Rosecrans.

It Seems to me there should be a sudden and powerful effort to ferret out Quantrill's recruiting, cowardly assassins that occupy the Sni Hills east of General McKean. For this purpose hearty co-operation and a united movement is desirable. If General Brown is not cordial and constantly active, for God's sake change him for

