
Fisk or some other man. Quantrill has repeatedly recruited a force and sallied forth from the very region he now occupies, and this State or Kansas has been the victim. My troops have heard of Quantrill's successful march through the western tier of Missouri counties up to the vicinity of General Brown's headquarters. They are restive and the people on this side of the line are more so. Rebels in Missouri try to prevent united action on a pretense of Kansas men being all jayhawkers. This is all bosh. Our troops are Union men and generally the same everywhere-true to loyal men, but death to traitors,

Your early reply is requested.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

COUNCIL GROVE, KANS., May 8, 1864.

General CURTIS:

Although I have in my brigade district over one-half of the entire State of Kansas, yet my effective militia force is only a little over 2,000 men; these I am getting well armed as infantry, and intend, if energy will do it, to have them so organized that, if called to arms, the entire force will respond. Except at Fort Riley [where there is no danger and where troops are only needed to protect Government property] and Fort Larned there are no troops in my district. That we are in serious danger from the south and southeast, all admit. Such is the feeling of insecurity that people are kept in constant excitement. I know you have not troops to protect us, and to make a general call upon the militia now cannot be thought of except in case of an emergency.

I have thought some of calling out every tenth man. This could easily be done, and would result in no injury to the State, and would raise a force of 200 men; with these I could protect my entire district-I could, at least, with headquarters here-and take care of the threatened invasion from Texas. I write to ask your opinion of it [of course we should be under orders from you], in case you thought it best, whether you would order rations furnished the men from Fort Riley; also if you could furnish cavalry arms for that many men, with a couple of our favorite howitzers. I write to you in all frankness, for I only want to do what is best for the State and country. Of course if there is actual danger I shall call out enough men to meet it. I leave in the morning for Butler County and shall go down toward the Arkansas River, as the people down there are very much alarmed. We ought to have a block-house here, also at Chelsea, Butler County.

Hoping an immediate answer, I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. N. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Kansas State Militia.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, La., May 9, 1864-1 a.m.

Admiral PORTER:

Colonel Bailey informs me that the water has risen upon the dam 2 feet since sundown, and is still rising. It is impossible to say how long the dam may stand the effects of a continued rise. The pressure

