
is terrific. The boats of the fleet above ought to be put in readiness at once to take advantage of high water. I have been up to the fleet this morning, and found everything so quiet and still that I feared that there might be unnecessary delay in the movements in the morning, and ask your attention to it.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT ON THE GULF, Alexandria, La., May 9, 1864.

Admiral PORTER:

Colonel Bailey informs me that the river is within 6 inches of its height of last evening, and is rising. There is a space of 20 feet or more between the tree-dam and the barge, which, when filled, will raise the water from 6 to 10 inches, giving, we think, sufficient depth for the passage of the boats. Every exertion ought to be made to get them ready to-night, so that they may pass the falls to-morrow. I regret to say that our forage is so reduced that it will be impossible for us to remain here longer without periling the safety of the animals attached to the trains and the artillery. We have exhausted the country, and with the march that is before us it will be perilous to remain more than another day. Colonel Bailey thinks that the water can be raised to the greatest height which it will attain at any hour when the gun-boats may be ready for their passage. He does not want to accumulate the water until then, because a continued pressure is more dangerous to the safety of the dam than that of the weight of the water alone. I hope every exertion will be made to get the boats in readiness for the passage to-morrow. Lieutenant Beebe informs me that his arrangements are complete for the removal of the heavy guns to the bridge and below as soon as they are placed on shore. The detail of teams has been changed, so that they will continue to work during the night.

N. P. BANKS,Major-General, Commanding.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP CRICKET, Off Alexandria, La., May 9, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Dept. of the Gulf, Alexandria, La.:

GENERAL: Will you permit the wagons that are hauling ammunition from above to work all night? I find it impossible to get the guns down, because the bridge will not bear them. I am taking out the 8-inch guns and 32-pounders, which are old guns, and which I intended to condemn, and will burst them all. I am also taking the iron off, and the vessels then will be as light as they can be made, and quite light enough to come over.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

33 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

