
authorized by the commanding general to make an immediate and most thorough inspection and report of all transports and storehouses here, with a view to ascertain, with positive certainty, all the facts of the case, and also with a view to make arrangements to correct abuses which are said to exist. Your action in this matter must be immediate as well as thorough.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHANDLER,Chief Quartermaster, Nineteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: All the land and water transportation on Red River will be required to transport the material of the army and the property of the Government, and the freight of private individuals not connected with the army cannot be taken under any circumstances whatever. Officers of the army who use the transportation of the Government for other purposes will be subject to the penalties prescribed by the Army Regulations, and masters of vessels who take freight in contravention of this order will subject their vessels to confiscation. No person is authorized to use the army transportation for the purpose of hauling in cotton or other products of the country for private parties, and whenever it is used for this purpose the products so transported will be confiscated for the use of the Government.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. G. CHANDLER,Chief Quartermaster, in the Field:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding desires you to relieve the wagons that have been working for Admiral Porter to-day by an equal number of fresh teams, so that the work of bringing down ammunition may continue during the night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, May 9, 1864.

Lieutenant A. De ROULET,

Acting Aide-de-Camp:

SIR: You will proceed this afternoon, by steamer New Kentucky, to headquarters Department of the Gulf in the field, with the headquarters mail. On your arrival at Port Hudson, should you find

