
that there is a gun-boat at the mouth of the Red River, you will proceed to and take passage by her, and there await an opportunity to carry your dispatches to headquarters. It is essential that you should be as expeditious as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., May 9, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: As commanding officer of outposts for the twenty-four hours ending May 9, 1864, I have the honor to submit this report: I visited the entire line with the exception of a few posts above the town nearest the river. I have no change to report from the report of the officer of yesterday, with the exception that the space along Bayou Rapides, which was yesterday reported not picketed, is now supplied. From the Cheneyville road to the left [facing to the front] to the river, the posts are too far apart for a proper outpost. The pickets were very careless. In several cases I found but one on a post and his horse left at some distance, while he was washing or bathing. The fact that a force was in front may be taken in apology, but is no excuse for outpost duty. All has been quiet on the line. At the point where the cavalry picket joins the infantry, near the cattle guard, about half a mile to the right [going out] of the Opelousas road, the infantry picket-line is nearly at right angles with the main line and pointing directly in toward the town for three-fourths of a mile, which is not all necessary for outposts, and an unnecessary expenditure of force.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. NICKERSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., May 9, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

Being detained in New Orleans in consequence of the cutting of our communications on Red River by the enemy, I feel it my duty at this time to write a few lines to the honorable Secretary of War on the subject of operations in this department. My subordinate position here has devolved upon me the duty of obeying orders and carrying out the views of my commanding officers to the best of my ability. But affairs have arrived at that stage that it is absolutely necessary for me to speak, and it is hoped that I shall not be regarded as overstepping the rules of military decorum, for I have no other motive than promoting the public good.

The city of New Orleans is in our possession, and the Mississippi River, after a long struggle, was opened. The point paramount to all else in this department is to hold them. All troops that can be spared after that condition is satisfied should be set to work on the forts at the mouth of Mobile Bay and Galveston. The possession of Mobile Bay will not only stop all blockade-running there, but will relieve a large blockading squadron for other important duties.

