
this date on that subject. On the 6th instant, anticipating the same question, I wrote to General Lawler as follows:

GENERAL: By virtue of your seniority and appointment as chief of staff you will assume command of the detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps in the field, until further orders. During the period of your command you will report direct to department headquarters, which will explain the reason for this arrangement.

It is hoped that this brief resume of facts-at all events, the accompanying order assigning General Lawler, &amp;c.-will be satisfactory. I pray that improved health will enable me to rejoin my command at an early day.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort De Russy, May 9, 1864-p.m.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

GENERAL: I send Lieutenant-Colonel Warmoth's letter.* Am here with four transports and 1,000 men [Twenty-third Iowa and left wing of Twenty-second]. Am expecting Thirty-fifth Wisconsin, 900; Thirty-third Illinois, 500; and Twenty-second Iowa [right wing]. No facilities for getting up troops. Transports here loaded with forage. I am liable to attack here at any moment, but wait orders. I ought to have 2,600 men here to-night.

FITZ HENRY WARREN,Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

ALEXANDRIA, LA., May 10, 1864.

GENERAL: +The within dispatch affords information that the Red River below Fort De Russy is ours; that a quantity of forage awaits us there; that 1,000 men are already concentrated there, with a prospect of more; that we hold the flanks of the enemy's position near Fort De Russy, both above and below. As the dispatch is dated the 9th instant, may it not be supposed that the re-enforcements expected by General Warren have arrived? If, however, it should be deemed best by the general commanding the department, the detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps here could, as I am informed, be put in motion on two hous' notice. I would be pleased to avail myself of the opportunity afforded by any courier or party that may be sent from department headquarters to communicate with General Warren.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH.16TH AND 17TH A. C., No. 8. On Steamer Clara Bell, May 9, 1864.

This command will be placed in readiness for marching by land in the following manner: Three wagons only will be allowed to each regiment and battery, in one of which will carried the cook-

---------------

*Not found.

+Probably Dwight.

---------------

