
ing utensils of the men, one for rations, and one of ammunition, of which 15 boxes, over and above 40 rounds per man in cartridge-boxes, will be taken by each regiment. The regiments composing this command will draw five days' full rations [to include the 15th instant], three of which will be carried in the regimental wagons and two in haversacks. The men will go light and no tents will be taken. All camp and garrison equipage and stores in excess of the above will at once be stored on the transports. Each battery will have its boxes filled with ammunition and in addition will take one wagon load.

By order of Brigadier General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 9, 1864.

Brigadier General R. ARNOLD,Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: You are hereby directed to detail a force of 500 men from your command to protect the town of Alexandria when the army shall leave its present position, and to bring up the rear guard, taking every precaution possible to [prevent] any conflagration or other act which would give notice to the enemy of the movements of the army. Officers of responsibility and character should be selected for this duty, and they should be notified that they will be held responsible for the acts of the men under their command. They will occupy the town until all persons connected with the army have left it, and then cover the rear of the column on its march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Middle Bayou, La., May 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General ARNOLD,Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I send you, in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Worthington, three wagons belonging to your command, which came out here this morning, without apparent authority, to haul cotton. They were in charge of an employe of the quartermaster's department, who is also sent you under guard. I have taken the liberty of loading the wagons on their way down with the knapsacks of some of my men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

LITTLE ROCK, May 9, 1864.

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding, Pine Bluff:

General Andrews is ordered to Little Rock. The troops at Pine Bluff are subject to your orders, and will remain there for the present.

