
It is reported the enemy intend crossing the Arkansas and making a dash on the Memphis and Little Rock Railroad. You will please observe their movements, so far as possible, and report any information you may obtain.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DARDANELLE, ARK., May 9, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept.of Arkansas:

On the 1st instant I arrived here from Lewisburg, and on the 2nd instant received orders from Brigadier General J. R. West, commanding detachment Seventh Army Corps, to remain here personally and make such preparations as I deemed necessary for the evacuation of this post, I immediately ordered the camp and garrison equipage, public animals, and transportation to north side of river, retaining possession of the post with 100 mounted and 150 dismounted men. The defenses were one stockade completed, commanding south approach to town, and one nearly complete, commanding western.

We immediately set to work erecting two additional stockades, commanding the east and southeast approaches, also completing rifle-pits commenced last winter; and by Thursday last could have held the place against any force [without artillery] that the enemy could bring against us. All the commissary stores and ordnance stores [with the exception of 100 Enfeld muskets distributed to the Fourth Arkansas Cavalry Regiment] destined for Fort Smith have been shipped to that point. Wood-yards ought to be established at Lewisburg, Dardanelle, and Spadra Bluffs for the accommodation of transports plying on the river. As it now is, they re compelled to pick up wood along the river most convenient to access, and often in dangerous localities. And I would respectfully call attention to the fact of boats landing along the river for the accommodation of private freight and passengers.

On the north side of the river, along the Big Piney, is a gang of bushwhackers numbering nearly 200, who have sworn to keep the telegraph line cut, especially north of Dardanelle. I have ordered a scout of 80 men to leave this a.m., to be gone five days in that neighborhood. To accomplish anything effectual they should remain out at least three weeks, as the bushwhackers will fall back as our men advance and return in the rear of them, and the force at Lewisburg is not sufficient to send a force from there to co-operate, as I was compelled to draw from thee to send out the scout from this place this morning. The boat ordered by General West to be detained has been released, and will proceed to Little Rock this noon.

The camp equipage and Government property on the north side of the river is being returned here. A small guard will be left for the present on that side of the river for the protection of telegraph office, at present located on north bank of river.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

