
WARRENSBURG, May 9, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Department Headquarters, Saint Louis:

Received dispatch at 3 p.m. on the 7th, from Colonel Ford, that guerrillas, 80 to 100 strong, were collecting at Judge Grey's, 17 miles south of west from Lexington. Immediately dispatched Colonel Ford to move available cavalry from Independence, one squadron from Pleasant Hill, and detachment from Snibar Station, whole to concentrate in vicinity of Greenton; movement started 6 p.m. of the 7th. Citizen guard hold Pleasant Hill. Same time dispatched Captain Burris 20 miles southeast of Lexington to co-operate. Directed commander of post at Lexington to order out Captain Eneberg's company, and draw in detachment, 15 men, from Wellington. Informed Colonel Philips, and directed that he be prepared in case they were driven into his district. Storm has prevented hearing anything from Independence; nothing from Lexington. The withdrawal of detachment from Wellington may lead guerrillas into a trap. Balance of district all quiet.

JAS. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH SUB-DISTRICT, May 9, 1864.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Commanding Fourth Sub-District:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report to you the result of a long and complete examination of this sub-district, while employed as special scout, from the 10th day of March, 1864, to the 6th day of May, 1864; March 11, marched to Blue Mills, Jackson Count; traveled east; distance, about 22 miles. March 12, scouted on Little Blue River bottom; found one old camp; traveled north and southeast 15 miles. March 13, went to Fire Prairie Creek; found 8 bushwhackers; had a skirmish with them; killed 1 horse and wounded another, and captured 1 gun. Course, east and southwest; distance, 25 miles. We then followed them all night; lost their trail; went to Lieutenant Bennett's camp, who accompanied us with 15 men. Traveled north, and returned at sunrise, bringing in 3 prisoners, making a march of 55 miles. March 14, scouted on the Snibar in a southeast direction; distance, 15 miles. March 15, searched the headwaters of Big Creek; direction, southwest; distance, 12 miles. March 16, went as an escort for Colonel Ford from Pleasant Hill to Harrisonville; distance, 12 miles; course, south. March 17, found signs on Grand River near Cross Forks. Think that one John Holloway harbors thieves. I ordered him to leave, At Atkins' Crossing found more signs and hunt until dark, traveling south and west a distance of 50 miles. March 18, in camp at Wadesburg. March 19, scouted on Big Creek; found 1 bushwhacker 7 miles west of Wadesburg, and left him there. Traveled 18 miles west and north. March 20, scouted on Big Creek, and from there to Harrisonville by way of Camp Branch; distance 20 miles north and west. March 21, on headwaters of Grand River came upon 2 horsemen who looked suspicious; examined them and found they had passes; traveled north and east 25 miles. March 22, traveled northeast 15 miles. Had a snow-storm. March 23, scouted on

