
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MILITARY DISTRICT, Saint Joseph, Mo., May 14, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain Clayton Tiffin, who will, without delay, report the state of affairs in Ray County, and whether more troops are needed in the county or not.

By order of Colonel Williams:

W. D. McDONALD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

RICHMOND, May 17, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAMS:

SIR: Your communication, with that of Colonel Barr's, is just received. I will state that Camden was entered by a band of robbers. Camden is situated on the Ray side of the Missouri River. The robbers crossed over from the other side of the river in skiffs which were taken from Camden the same evening the robbery was committed. The robbers did not stay in Camden any length of time, as they were in dread of troops from here. Camden is 8 miles from here. I sent one of the men, who watched the robbers' horses while they were committing the robbery, to Chillicothe this day. All things in Ray are quiet at this time. I have sent 15 men to Camden. I have about 52 men in my company. With the remainder, 28 men, which I am allowed to recruit, I think I can hold Ray County. I did not deem the robbery of Camden any sign that Richmond would be robbed, still I keep my men with their arms at all times. With my company full I can hold Ray County all right.

C. TIFFIN,

Captain, Commanding, Ray County, Mo.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MILITARY DISTRICT, Saint Joseph, May 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Fisk, commanding District of North Missouri, with remark that I have full confidence in the report of Captain Tiffin, who has been in the service continuously since my connection with this military district, and has proven himself an efficient and reliable officer.

JOHN F. WILLIAMS,Colonel, Commanding.

[Fifth indorsement.]

CLARKE:

Write Williams to order Lieutenant McKown, into service with Captain Tiffin, as requested.

F.

[Inclosure.]

[MAY 17, 1864.]

Colonel WILLIAMS,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

COLONEL: You must recollect that we have some scary men in our county, and some who would like to have all the regiment called out at any season. Colonel, if you were to order out 750 men, we

