
could not raise hardly enough to support us; as it is, the thing is hard enough upon the farmer. When I get my company filled up to 80 I assure you I can keep all things quiet in Ray. I will ask this much: Will you please have Lieutenant Isaac McKown detailed for my company, for I can recruit up my company, as I and my first lieutenant are commissary and assistant commissary of exemption. I think I need the service of Lieutenant McKown. About Lexington being attacked, it is all a canard.

I am, your most obedient servant,

CLAYTON TIFFIN,

Captain, Commanding, Ray County, Mo.

LEAVENWORTH, KANS., May 9, 1864.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I desire that Major McNutt, chief ordnance officer of this department, be authorized to issue ammunition to State militia on requisition approved by me.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, KANS., May 9, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

If the company you mention is sent into this district I can station one at Topeka as soon as we can get the companies of the Sixteenth Kansas equipped. If a few of the absent officers were sent back, one could be sent there to look to defenses at once. I need an engineer. Letter will reach you next mail.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, May 9, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN,Commanding District of South Kansas:

DEAR GENERAL: Letters from you concerning a leave of absence, and one concerning your quartermaster, both expressing some doubts and dissatisfaction concerning your command, are duly received. I cannot just now [when Quantril is on the border recruiting for a raid into your lines and the people are much excited] see any way of granting you such leave of absence. The very fact that you have matters organized to your liking makes it important that you hold the reins steadily till the storm is over, which just now shakes the whole nation. There is no telling what a day or hour may bring forth. The great battles on the Potomac, the assignment of General Canby to the whole country west of the Mississippi, and the disasters on Red River and in Arkansas unsettle all of us. We may expect changes everywhere, and had better be at our posts ready for duty.

As to movements on foot to move you, I have heard of none, but we need not be surprised at such things any day, as everybody in Kansas thinks the military is to be moved on petitions to suit every neighborhood excitement. You may be sure of my giving you full opportunity to explain before I shall heed such proposals. As to quartermasters, I take it that we must use the appointed staff instead

