
of acting officers, unless some substantial objection exists to the staff officer. I suppose, too, there may be some propriety in giving preference to firm supporters of the Government rather than such s act otherwise, and I would not say or do more than this myself, or ask you to do so. The mere fact of an officer being assigned and persons objecting to him should not prevent a change if occasion seems to call for it. Captain Moore, a regular assistant quartermaster, is off duty, I believe, and my chief quartermaster was directed to give him a proper assignment. He cannot be placed subordinate to an acting assistant quartermaster with much propriety.

I am sorry Major Plumb, with so much of your force, is absent so long; he might have turned back when he met Indians enough to escort the train below Grand River. You will have to advise the officers in that region that we cannot spare forces for supply trains for other commands. They must send escorts from Fort Gibson. I have an application for an escort to Fort Larned and Santa Fe, and did hope to send the Fort Kearny company; now it seems needed at Topeka. If any of your companies are unarmed, try to get them armed in some way. We have Springfield rifles, and cavalry must use them, if they have no other, till cavalry arms can be drawn.

I suppose you have scouts or patrols out daily. The guerrillas will be pressed in Missouri, and they may come into this State, between the Kansas River and your place, with a view of robbing the Santa Fe mail. Have your troops instructed to follow and harass, and, at the same time, to give notice to other commands immediately. The want of such exertions last year enabled Quantrill to move through this State with impunity and lie around Lawrence for hours. I am trying to get the militia in a condition to aid us. Police escorts and defensive duties will require more labor than we can perform with our slender numbers.

But do not expect much quiet nor indifference on the part of the people; they had better be wide awake and watching, for they can be of great use, if they are on the alert, in case of invasion. I should be very sorry to hear of rebels marching through your district as they have through Brown's. Indeed, I am not certain that our pickets east of Fort Scott did exactly right, in not following the rascals that must have passed through Brown's district within a few miles of them. The news is glorious from Grant's army, and I hope it may continue so, but I tremble for fear of other news; we have so often had after claps of such a sad character from that quarter. We must act our humble parts patiently and earnestly and hope on and ever.

Truly, your friend and comrade,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, May 9, 1864.

Brigadier General S. N. WOOD,

Kansas Militia, Council Grove:

GENERAL: Yours of the 1st, with slip requiring the militia to organize and muster, is duly received. I was glad to see you had

34 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

