
train, when it came, had scarcely enough to do it to Fort Scott. I had it searched by the provost guard, but found they had short rations, and as it was a supply train took nothing from them. I was also notified of 300 sacks flour being sent here, which never reached here, and which notification resulted, I have no doubt, from some mistake. I forwarded papers to Fort Smith immediately to show the error. I have subsisted my command to a large extent since last November at mills which I am not permitted now to run.

It is true the country was much exhausted and could not have supported me much longer, but our circumstances are therefore such as to place us entirely dependent. I had been notified that I could not be permitted to move into the Choctaw Nation, and I sent southwest into the Creek Nation for corn, as I did not understand that I was forbidden from doing that. Even if the train from Fort Scott should be delayed or have no bread, my men can eat this corn, although it ought to be fed to the mules or howitzer horses. I have a report from Tishomongo that the council broke up determined not to surrender. The Cherokees of Watie and the Choctaws, of which latter there are said to be three regiments, are determined to try the effect of resistance once more. It is also reported that the Creeks, Caddoes, and others are breaking off in a westerly direction.

Very respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Gibson, C. N., April 5, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: In your letter of the 9th ultimo, you again direct me to complete the fortifications. Major-General Blunt has directed me to do nothing more to them until he can send an engineer to supervise or make a change. As I was not only the commanding officer but engineer, and as I not only planned but engineer, and as I not only planned but determined on the construction with a powerful enemy in my front last year, I do no wish to say anything in the premises. I have nothing to urge as to any courtesy that might be due me, but merely notify you that the orders of my immediate commander are the reason of my having done nothing.

Very respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., April 5, 1864.

Captain WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report, referring to Special Orders, No. 6, from these headquarters:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, No. 6. Fort Leavenworth, March 28, 1864.

That no military power shall be exercised to control the elective franchise, and to prevent confusion at the coming election for mayor of the city of Leavenworth, to take place on the 4th of April next, it is ordered that no officer or soldier within this command shall be found in, or be passed to, the city for that day, except he is

