
moved in that direction. In case of the invasion of Kansas I could not mass a regiment of Federal troops without calling militia to guard posts and stores where companies now guard them. I am particularly anxious about the Santa Fe travel and transports, and will be glad to hear of the arrival at Larned of troops I have moving from Colorado. Your town is an important outpost, and I hope you will have the citizens so armed and equipped as to hold it and support my other forces that move against the enemy if occasion requires. It is impossible to get cavalry arms. I have several cavalry companies which I am arming with Springfield muskets for want of cavalry arms.

Quantrill is evidently in Missouri, where he seems to be murdering and robbing without much resistance. Several other gangs of rebels are reported in Missouri border counties, but they have so far kept shy of my side of the line. General McKean has most of his forces distributed and ready to give them a warm reception if they come this way.

I have requested the Secretary of War to mobilize the militia of Kansas, as he has done in Missouri and in other border States, for defense of our frontier and other purpose as circumstances may demand. Mean time any preparatory efforts by the officers and men of the militia is the more necessary, since we hear of disasters in Arkansas that will retain troops that have been drawn away from Fort Smith, and which I hoped to have distributed along the Arkansas River, our best line of defense. Keep me advised of everything doing in your vicinity, and go ahead with your organization and arming the militia in Southwest Kansas.

Respectfully, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA, Omaha City, Nebr. Ter., May 9, 1864.

ALVIN SAUNDERS:

GOVERNOR: In the absence of General Mitchell I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of the communication of Mr. W. McLennan, stating the necessity for stationing troops in the southeast portion of the territory referred by you to General Mitchell. The troops were only removed from that neighborhood when a very pressing necessity existed for their presence elsewhere, and the lack of other available troops in the district rendered such withdrawal imperative on the general commanding. The scarcity of available troops still continues. There are, however, some unequipped troops at this post, and should General Mitchell succeed in procuring an equipment for them, which is partly the object of his present absence, and no emergency arises to prevent, a detachment may be sent south of the Platte as requested by Mr. McLennan. Upon the general's return Mr. McLennan's communication will be immediately placed before him.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

