HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, May 9, 1864.

His Excellency Governor JOHN EVANS,Denver, Colo, Ter.:

Yours of the 25th, concerning the danger and difficulties connected with Indian tribes on the Platte and other portions of your Territory, and the representations which you have made to counteract these, and the endorsements by Colonel Chivington, showing the movement of my troops under his command to suppress and subdue these belligerent acts, are duly received. I have forwarded the communication to the headquarters of the U. S. Army for information and direction. The weakness and dangers surrounding the posts on the upper Arkansas have induced me to order most of the California troops into the southern part of your Territory, there to be used as circumstances may seen to require.

The need of concentrated forces to crush rebel armies in Virginia and Tennessee has drawn heavily from the right wing of our army in the field, and exposed Kansas, especially, to invading rebel forces that threaten to move against us. The upper Arkansas is also liable to such invasions. To compensate for such a draft on our front line I am obliged to draw from the interior, and I hope the militia may in some way be made to take care of the settlements and travel that are liable to Indian depredations.

The fate of the nation depends much on the campaigns of this season against the great rebellion, and Your Excellency will see and feel the necessity of pressing forward against rebel armies every available man. I hope, therefore, Your Excellency will dispense with all the Federal troops you can spare, and use your utmost efforts, by kindness and militia force, to keep down Indian troubles and side issues that draw away men, means, transportation, and attention from the main widal question that seems to threaten and overshadow all our hoops and happiness. In the mean time, Governor, I will use the little force I have, not only in the front, but also in Colorado, so as to do all they can to sustain you and your people in their devoted efforts to lay the foundations of a new State, and add another star to our beloved country.

I have the honor to be, Governor, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LYON, COLO, TER., May 9, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding Military District of Colorado:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this post last evening; will assume command to-day. I find the quarters in a very dilapidated condition; will immediately go about repairing them as well as possible. The surgeon reports the absolute necessity of vegetables required for the health of the men; would recommend that the commissary be instructed to immediately procure the same. I would like to receive from headquarters full and thorough instructions in regard to the course I shall adopt in reference to the Indians.

I understand that there are Cheyennes in the vicinity of this post, but have no information in regard to any depredations recently committed by them. I would respectfully suggest that I be allowed to

