
turn over to the ordnance officer at Denver all surplus ordnance stores at this post. I inclose a copy of a letter* received here, which, if the author will furnish his name as he promises, may be worthy of attention. Before acting in the matter I would desire instructions from yourself unless in case of an emergency.

I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP.

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Fort Lyon.

MILWAUKEE, May 9, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK:

Company G, Thirtieth Wisconsin, is the only force I have in the whole State of Iowa; it is stationed at Davenport, guarding 300 Sioux warriors, condemned, to whom 90 others are to be added in a few days. Of course it cannot be spared.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, May 10, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

If General Buell can be assigned please order him to report at Memphis, where I will leave instructions for him. I have seen General Allen. Arrangements for transportation satisfactory. I leave for Cairo in the first train. Colonel Stager is with me.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 41. Alexandria, La., May 10, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

3. All cotton on the transports at this place will be taken off to make room for Government stores. No more sugar will be taken until all other Government stores are loaded. If transportation cannot be otherwise furnished for other commissary stores the sugar now on board will be taken off. All boats will be loaded to a draught of 5 feet. Captains of transports will be held strictly responsible for the execution of this order.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., May 10, 1864.

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER,

Commanding Detachment Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your note of inquiry directed to Captain Caldwell, acting assistant adjutant-general, Thirteenth Army Corps, is referred to me. I have the honor to inform you that the members of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

