
below this place on the river road. General Grover will remain in command of the post. General Nickerson will take temporary command of the division. The brigade upon the opposite bank of the river will be relieved by 300 cavalry this evening, in order that it may join the division before it moves. Any details out from this division will be relieved by the First Division.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General McMILLAN,Commanding First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you at daylight in the morning to recommence the work you have been doing to-day, with the same officer and details. Sugar will be loaded before any cotton whatsoever is loaded. You will yourself notify the details of this order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General SMITH:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires to call your attention to the following facts: Your command was ordered to be in readiness to move yesterday. Notwithstanding this, your public property was not on your boats at a late hour to-day. You directed that no Government property should go on board your boats until your own public property was on board, which has caused great and unnecessary delay, because you did not put your public property now here, it will be because you fail to allow that property to go on board your boats, which are amply able to transport it. You will therefore be accountable for such destruction of public stores.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. DETACHMENT 16TH AND 17TH ARMY CORPS, Alexandria, La., May 10, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: In reply to your note of this date I have to state that my command is and has been in readiness to move whenever called upon, day or night. I control my own boats, and will put my property on board when I please. If the boats you have had at this land-

