
ing during the last ten days had been used in the service of your country instead of being bartered to private speculators, you would have had no cause of complaint in this direction, but could have shipped in ample time all the public stores pertaining to your command. If you destroy any Government stores at this point, let the responsibility rest on your shoulders, who appropriated the transports in port for private purposes. This army knows well that I am not responsible for any of the mishaps that have occurred during this campaign.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 10, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,Commanding Detach. Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of this p.m., the major-general commanding directs me to say that he regrets that an officer of your rank, experience, and deserved military reputation should use the language employed by you in that communication. He is confident that, upon reflection, you have already regretted language inadmissible in a junior to his commanding officer. Although his order should be sufficient without explanation, yet, from deference to your rank and character, the general directs me to say that no boats under his control "are bartered to private speculators; " that Government property exclusively is now being loaded upon the boats; that the transportation, exclusive of your own, is not sufficient to carry all the Government stores; that, therefore, you are required to furnish transportation for Government stores to the extent of your ability. If, from any erroneous impression that this transportation is to be used for private purposes, you fail to permit such transportation is to be used for private purposes, you fail to permit such transportation, the Government of the country will hold you responsible for the consequent loss. The commanding general has great pleasure in adding that, as you correctly state, you are in no respect responsible for any mishaps that may have happened upon this campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 10, 1864.

Brigadier General R. ARNOLD,Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you send 6 of your most reliable scouts to-night in the direction of, and as near as possible to, Cheneyville to obtain as much information as possible of the enemy. They will communicate through you to these headquarters immediately upon their return.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

