HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 10, 1864.

Brigadier General R. ARNOLD,Chief of Cavalry, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you send 300 of your best cavalry across the river as early as possible this evening to relieve Colonel Molineux, who has been ordered to march before midnight. This brigade has been ordered to cross. It will therefore be necessary for the 300 cavalry to picket upon the opposite side, covering as large a front as the number of men will admit. Before the pontoon is taken up to-morrow you will send Captain Bunker to join this detachment of 300 men, to communicate with Fort De Russy. Captain Bunker will receive further instructions before he leaves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF THE GULF, Alexandria, La., May 10, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: Permit me to ask your attention to the fact that orders from the chief quartermaster are frequently sent to my quartermaster, which prevent me from exercising proper supervision of my command, and sometimes which are in conflict with orders received from the commanding general through the adjutant-general's office. It is as necessary for me to have control of the wagons of my command as it is to have control of the men, their equipments and horses. I am at present under orders to be ready to march at two hours' notice, yet my wagons are ordered away, necessitating unloading of stores so as to render compliance with the order impossible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General.

PORT HUDSON, May 10, 1864-6 p.m.

Brigadier-General BIRGE,

Baton Rouge:

My information yesterday, from persons I think trustworthy, was that there were not less than 1,800 camped near Clinton, and 500 or 600 divided between Bayou Sara and Jackson. Two companies were yesterday at Plains' Store. There is nothing satisfactory from Red River. It is yet blockaded above Fort De Russy. A courier got through yesterday with dispatches to New Orleans. Steele has lost his train, fought a severe battle on the 30th ultimo at Saline River, and fallen back to Little Rock.*

DANIEL ULLMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Repeated by Birge to Levering.

---------------

