
SANT LOUIS, May 10, 1864. [Received Memphis, 13th.]

Major-General CANBY:

Will it be agreeable for me to serve with you? Remember me in California. I know the troops and the State authorities of Arkansas. Have confidence in me and you will learn that fact when you get there. If you say yes, I will apply to the Secretary.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

KANSAS CITY, MO., May 10, 1864. [Received 8.30 a.m.]

Captain JAMES H. STEGER, A. A. G., Warrensburg, Mo.:

Major Smith returned to Independence. Went as far east as Wellington; found nothing. In obedience to orders of Brigadier-General Brown, regiment is concentrating at Pleasant Hill. Company B remained at Kansas City, Company E at Westport, Company G at Independence, Companies L and I in south part of subdistrict, Company M temporarily at Snibar, Company A temporarily at Hickman Mills.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS STATION, Hickman Mills, Mo., May 10, 1864.

Lieutenant E. L. BERTHOUD,Actq. Asst. Adjt. General, Kansas City, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have parties out up both Blues, with strict instructions to the sergeants to by no means let his presence be known should he find evidences of the enemy, but to discover, if possible, his camp and strength, posting himself on the approaches to his camp, &amp;c. Should there be, as reported, a camp southeast from Little Santa Fe, feel confident I will know all about it to-night or by night to-morrow. My scouts will remain until they have scoured all the country south and east of this post for 10 miles. They are notified of the presence of sergeant and party sent out by the colonel commanding Sunday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. JAMES,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

If they are within reach from this post, look for something stirring by to-morrow's express.

KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 10, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER, A. A. G., Warrensburg, Mo.:

The following just received from Pleasant Hill, May 9, 1864:

I received a dispatch from Captain Kingsbury last night at 11 o'clock, stating that 25 guerrillas crossed Osage last night. He has got a scout of 35 men out after them. Also a dispatch from Captain Norton, at Johnstown, at same time, that a party of 25 was seen coming north toward Pleasant Gap and Grand River. He has got all the men that have horses out after them.

E. P. ELMER.

JAMES H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

