HDQRS. DETACHMENT FIRST CAVALRY, M. S. M., In the Field, La Fayette County, Mo., May 10, 1864.

Lieutenant THOMAS DOYLE,Adjutant First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia:

ADJUTANT: I inclose herewith tri-monthly return for the 10th instant of the troops under my command, and forward this as supplemental thereto. On the 1st instant, I started from Mound Prairie Church, and marched toward Hopewell with Company A. Next morning was joined by Company G at Hopewell. With these two companies marched into the Sni Hills, west of the Texas Prairie, and on that and the following day scouted the country between Chapel Hill, Lone Jack, and Pink Hill. I sent an order to Captain Meredith on the 3rd instant to scout the country thoroughly on the Tabo and Davis Creeks. The Captain of Company H was then at Mound Prairie Church. On the morning of the 4th, moved eastward with Companies A and G. Same day received an order for Company A to march to Warrensburg for duty. Next day arrived in the vicinity of Oakland Church with Company G, since which time Companies G and H have been scouting in the districts most frequented by bushwhackers in the eastern part of La Fayette County.

The commanding officer of Company G reports the average distance that his company has traveled for the past 10 days at 78 miles. The commanding officer of Company H reports for his company 54 miles. The scouting has been done principally mounted. On the evening of the 3rd instant, 2 bushwhackers. Wilkile and Gann, robbed the stage and killed a soldier who was a passenger near Palo Bridge. His name was John Foster, private in Captain Eli Hughes' Company, Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. He was found by Lieutenant Groomer some half or three-fourths of a mile from where he was taken from the stage. His face and head was badly mutilated. These two are the only bushwhackers I have heard of in this part of the country for the past ten days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. W. MULLINS,

Major First Cav., Missouri State Militia, Commanding Detachment.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINTH CAVALRY, M. S. M., Fayette, Mo., May 10, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,Commanding District of North Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the privilege of purchasing and keeping fire-arms and ammunition is greatly abused by the rebel citizens of Chariton, Howard, Boone, and Callaway Counties. While some of the rebels in these counties, actuated by different motives, profess themselves entirely devoted to the Government, the remainder are as bitter in their hatred and as hostile now as ever. Under the pretext of defending their families and homes against marauders, they have all supplied themselves with arms. The guerrillas seldom molest such men, and when they do, the visit is regarded rather an honor than a disturbance. At the same time it is almost impossible for Union men outside of military posts to keep fire-arms of any description. They are now being continually robbed, while the rebel citizens remain unmolested, both by Federal troops and guerrillas.

