
Last summer while stationed in Fayette I was informed by several rebel citizens of Howard County that they would cheerfully assist in ridding the county of 5 or 6 horse-thieves who were molesting them, but that they would not fight Jackman, "he being a regular Confederate officer." A good many of the rebel citizens are careful to report guerrillas, but never when there is an opportunity to capture them. As an instance of the sincerity of these men I give the following: Last fall I administered the oath of allegiance to a rebel, and within six hours sent a sergeant in disguise to his house, who received the kindest treatment and was presented with the only arms the rebel had, a navy revolver, with the remark that if he could advance the cause of the Southern Confederacy with it, he was more than welcome to it. An hour after the sergeant returned, the rebel reported to me he had been abused and robbed by a band of guerrillas too strong for him to resist. Again, when all the citizens are allowed to carry arms, it is impossible for the troops to recognize guerrillas when they see them, for the guerrillas of North Missouri carry no guns now, and have no particular uniform, and only assemble when it suits their convenience. On certain contingencies the rebels of North Missouri will resist even now the Federal Government. They are all well armed and, I doubt not, secretly organized, and are able to give us much trouble. I therefore respectfully submit for your consideration the propriety of disarming all the citizens of North Missouri. The Union men cannot keep arms, and even if they could, the vilest traitor could easily prove himself more loyal than the stinkiest Unionist, if such proof depended on the number of votes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. LEONARD,

Major Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

DANVILLE, MO., May 10, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding North Missouri:

I have the honor to report that I have reliable information of 3 well-armed rebels having been seen two or three different times in the vicinity of Williamsburg, Callaway County. The last time they were seen was on the evening of the 7th. Their chief is said to be a stranger by the name of Prig. I also have notice of one Miller, who is a good Union man, living 1 mile south of Williamsburg, having been robbed of 3 horses prior to the 7th. A good Union man of this town was in Portland, Callaway County, recently, who was told that Ramsey and Brisco were in that neighborhood, with many others. These are 2 noted desperadoes.

General, I report this at the request I received of you, through James T. Beach, of Saint Joseph, Mo., and it will be a pleasure to me to give you any and all information which I may hear from time to time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

L. A. THOMPSON,

President Danville Council, U. L. A.

