HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Denver, Colo, Ter., May 10, 1864.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. HAWKINS,Commanding Detachment Co. B, Camp Collins, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: The colonel commanding directs me to instruct you that upon the arrival at Camp Collins of Company F, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry Volunteers, you will turn over to the commanding officer such Government property at the camp as does not pertain to your company, and will, with all of your detachment, proceed to Denver, and report at these headquarters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STILWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., May 10, 1864.

G. S. BENSON, Esq.,Chairman Idaho Emigrant Meeting, Shakopee:

SIR: In reply to your communication of 9th instant, I beg leave to state that I have no knowledge, official or otherwise, of the arrangements, if any such have been made, for an escort to emigrants for Idaho on the part of the arrangements, if any such have been made, for an escort to emigrants for Idaho on the part of the Government. A column of troops from this district will leave Camp Pope, on the Minnesota River, 25 miles above Fort Ridgely, on or about 28th instant, under the lead of Colonel Thomas, of the Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, to join Brigadier-General Sully's immediate command at a point designated on the Missouri River, to operate against the hostile Sioux, who are reliably reported to have concentrated in force below Fort Berthold, for the purpose of resisting the advance of the U. S.forces into their country, and to attack steamers or emigrant parties who are proceeding overland through their country to Idaho.

The column from this side will be of sufficient strength to protect any parties who desire to avail themselves of the opportunity to reach the Missouri River. After the Indians shall have been met and routed, General Sully's instructions from Major-General Pope require him to advance as far as the Yellowstone and clear the country of hostile savages. The point of crossing of the Missouri will depend upon contingencies connected with the expedition, which cannot be foreseen, and upon the course taken by the main body of the Indians after they shall have experienced a defeat. To your last inquiry, whether I would "think it advisable for 250 well-armed emigrants, under thorough and strict discipline, under a competent leader, to attempt the journey without an escort," I answer emphatically, no! Such a force would, in my opinion, be utterly insufficient to meet and repel the assaults which would inevitably be made upon them by a force of savage warriors more than ten times its superior in numbers.

The avowed determination of these great prairie bands is, as I have already stated, to close all the avenues of emigration through their country, and they will resort to every treacherous and bloody means to effect it, and I would advise no party less in number than 1,000 of well-equipped and reliable men to attempt a passage in advance of the expeditionary column of Brigadier-General Sully. After the enemy shall have been routed and severely punished, as they surely will be should they meet the troops in battle, as is

