
altogether probable, a comparatively small force will be able to traverse their country without serious danger. I have no information relative to the movements or intentions of Captain Fisk.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 11, 1864-3.45 p.m. [Received 14th.]

Major General E. R. S. CANBY, Cairo, Ill.:

General Grant designated particular regiments in the Department of Missouri to be sent down the Mississippi, but I do not know what they were. It is hardly to be presumed that General Rosecrans obeyed the order. The Indiana militia are ordered to Nashville; five regiments of Illinois to Columbus, and five to Memphis. The Iowa militia, as fast as organized, will be sent to Helena, or any other point you may designate. There are nine companies of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry at Alton without horses. They can act is infantry. Order them where you please, and I will telegraph to Governor Yates that they obey your orders. Please ascertain from him about his militia, and use them as you deem best. The Ninth Iowa Cavalry was ordered some time ago from Saint Louis to Little Rock. I cannot ascertain whether it has started. Ask General Rosecrans and hurry it up. Grant has had very severe fighting, but is still successful.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CAIRO, ILL., May 11, 1864. [Received 12.30 p.m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Information from below indicates that Arkansas is at present the seat of danger. I propose to concentrate as large a force as I can from the garrisons of Memphis and Helena to strengthen the line of the Arkansas River. Can Rosecrans replace any troops withdrawn by troops from Missouri? They will be more useful in defending this department than they will be in the State. I find fragments of McPherson's corps are still on the river and shoul be sent to him. A regiment of General A. J. Smith's division is in this neighborhood, and if Sherman consents to my retaining this division I will order it to join. How soon can the new State troops be available for service in garrisons on the Mississippi, and what number? I will see the senior naval officer on this station this morning, and will leave for Memphis this morning.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 11, 1864-3.50 p.m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY, Cairo, Ill.:

You are authorized by the Secretary of War to order, in his name, through General Rosecrans, any troops from the Department of Missouri

