
which, in your judgment, may be available for duty elsewhere, and General Rosecrans is directed to obey any such orders as you may issue.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CAIRO, May 11, 1864. [Received 9 p.m.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The payment of the men transferred from the army to the navy is delayed by irregularities in their papers, and as there is a pressing necessity for monitors to re-enforce Admiral Porter, I have, in your name, directed the paymaster to pay the amounts found to be substantially due and correct the errors hereafter. I will leave at 12 m. for Red River on a fast boat, which Captain Pennock is sending down, touching at Memphis, Helena, and Vicksburg.

E. R. S. CANBY.

CAIRO, ILL., May 11, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I received your telegram requesting me to meet you at Cairo at 2.30 p.m. yesterday, and left upon the steamer at 5 o'clock. Presuming that you would not leave until the arrival of the boat from Memphis, I did not telegraph you. Upon my arrival I found, much to my regret, that you had just left. As I cannot at present leave Saint Louis for more than a day or two, I shall return to-night. I would respectfully suggest for your consideration the propriety of making Vicksburg the depot for subsistence stores for troops upon the Red River. They now draw from New Orleans, and as I furnish a large portion of the stores, much additional cost in transportation accrues. I shall be pleased to afford you every assistance in my power to supply the troops of your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. HAINES,

Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Commissary of Subsistence.

CAIRO, ILL., May 11, 1864-3 p.m. [Received 12.30 p.m., 12th.]

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Canby started south at 1 p.m. Steamer Superior arrived from Red River. She was hit by 6 shells from a battery up Red River and badly riddled. Two men killed and 17 wounded. Soldiers on board silenced battery. Superior brings New Orleans papers of 3rd. No news of interest.

ANSON STAGER.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI No. 1. May 11, 1864.

Under the authority of the War Department General Orders, No. 192, May 7, 1864, the undersigned assumes command of the

