
Military Division of West Mississippi. Until the headquarters of the division are established, reports and returns from the Department of the Gulf will be addressed to the care of the commanding officer at Vicksburg, and from the Department of the Arkansas to the care of the commanding officer at Helena, Ark.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP CRICKET, Off Alexandria, La., May 11, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Dept.of the Gulf, Alexandria, La.:

GENERAL: Colonel Wilson called to see me this morning and seemed to think the navy were relaxing their exertions above. There is really nothing that can be done to the Carondelet until the water rises. The channel in which she lies is a cut channel, in the shape of an S, and when the bottom of a vessel is wedged in it there is no use attempting to haul her through; only water can help us, and we want but 1 foot of that to get every vessel through. It would be paying a very poor compliment to Colonel Bailey to suppose him incapable of supplying the desired quantity in one or two days. I am as anxious as yourself to se the vessels all through, and though I have every confidence in the zeal and ability of the officers in command, I would give all my personal attention up there, but am laid up with a complaint that perfectly prostrates me when I ride on horseback or move about; still I know every hour what is going on and give directions accordingly.

Don't suppose because the vessels seem quiet that nothing is being done; everything is being done that can be. I hope you will look this matter patiently in the face. I am sure that Colonel Bailey will have every vessel through in two days, and though you are pressed for forage, two days will really amount to nothing, and any loss we might sustain in horses up to that time would be nothing in comparison to the loss of one of those vessels. If we have met with reverses above, the rescue of this fleet from its peculiar position will redeem the past. You must have seen the tendency of the Northern press to cavil at our movements out here, and they cannot help but admit, if we succeed, that amidst our troubles the best piece of engineering ever performed in the same space of time has been accomplished under difficulties the rebels deemed insurmountable. Now, general, I really see nothing that should make us despond. You have a fine army, and I shall have a strong fleet of gun-boats to drive away an inferior force in our front. We can by making a united effort open the river when we please. I feel that the country is so abundant in grass and clover just now that there can be no real danger to the stock.

I feel that you are extremely anxious to move; so I am to get the boats down, and I am sure you will agree [with] me when I say that there would be tremendous excitement throughout the country if the vessels are not all brought over, which will certainly be done with 8 inches more of water, which there will be no difficulty in getting. The water is rising in the river below [the backwater from the Mississippi, which extends now to this place], the water rising here. I hope, sir, you will not let anything divert you from the attempt to get these vessels all through safely, even if we have to stay here and eat

