
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH.13TH ARMY CORPS, No. 1. Middle Bayou, La., May 11, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

II. In addition to the members of the corps staff, who have kindly consented to aid me with their services during the march, the following officers are announced on duty at these headquarters:

Captain Bluford Wilson, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain James G. Milligan, provost-marshal.

Captain Patrick B. Lawler, Eighteenth Illinois, aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant F. X. Cottin, Fifty-eighth Illinois, aide-de-camp.

By command of Brigadier General M. K. Lawler:

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., May 11, 1864.

Brigadier General FITZ HENRY WARREN,

Commanding First Brigade, First Division:

GENERAL: Your welcome note by Captain- reached me yesterday. It brought good tidings-you bring forage. Your position near Fort De Russy gives us a new base accessible from the Mississippi River. You should fortify your position and avail yourself of the protection of the gun-boats. We have been building a dam here for several days to float our gun-boats over; six are substantially over, five remain to be got over. If, according to report for several days, we move down on the right bank of Red River, the enemy will probably offer us battle on his own ground. In such an event, of curse, you will do all in your power to assist us. There is some talk, however, this morning of our morning down the left bank to your position.

I have been desperately sick for seven or more days, but am getting better.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, OFFICE CHIEF OF CAV., Alexandria, La., May 11, 1864.

Major G. B. DRAKE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I desire to send 3 or 4 scouts for information of the enemy near Wilson's Landing, the men to move down on the other side of the river, and one I wish to sen is the man Simmons, who guided Captain Bunker's party to and from Fort De Russy. Please advise me whether Simmons' services will be required for other duty before to-morrow night. I think there are other men among the Louisiana scouts who can safely take a party through to Fort De Russy. Please answer as soon as possible, as I wish to send the men to-night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General.

