
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., No. 26. Little Rock, Ark., May 11, 1864.

I. The Department of Arkansas is divided into districts as follows:

District of Little Rock, to include the line of posts from Pine Bluff to Dardanelle, and along the railroad from Little Rock to Devall's Bluff, Brigadier General E. A. Carr, U. S. Volunteers, commanding; headquarters at Little Rock, Ark.

District of Eastern Arkansas, to consist of the post of Helena, and such other points in the eastern tier of counties of the State as are now or may hereafter be occupied, Brigadier General N. B. Buford, U. S. Volunteers, commanding; headquarters at Helena, Ark.

District of the Frontier, to include that portion of the State, west of Dardanelle and the Indian Territory, recently transferred to this Department, Brigadier General J. M. Thayer, U. S. Volunteers, commanding; headquarters at Fort Smith, Ark.

II. Commanders of divisions and detachments will make to district headquarters all reports and returns required by existing orders and regulations. District commanders will make the necessary returns, &c., to these headquarters.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, May 11, 1864.

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding, Pine Bluff:

Send the detachments and ambulances to Little Rock as you reecommended. Give the officer in command such instructions as he may require.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Organization of the troops in the District of Little Rock, Brigadier General Eugene A. Carr, U. S. Army, commanding, May 11, 1864.*

FIRST DIVISION.

Brigadier General FREDERICK SALOMON.

First Brigade.

50th Indiana.

29th Iowa.

33rd Iowa.

9th Wisconsin.

28th Wisconsin.

Second Brigade.

43rd Illinois.

43rd Indiana.

36th Iowa.

40th Iowa.

77th Ohio.

27th Wisconsin.

Third [Cavalry] Brigade.

4th Arkansas.

1st Iowa.

1st Missouri.

3rd Missouri.

Artillery.

3rd Illinois, Battery A.

2nd Missouri, Battery E.

25th Ohio Battery.

---------------

*As announced in Special Orders, No. 100, of that date, from headquarters Department of Arkansas. The senior field officer of each brigade to command.

---------------

