
SECOND DIVISION.

Brigadier General JOSEPH R. WEST.

First Brigade.

18th Illinois.

54th Illinois.

61st Illinois.

12th Michigan.

3rd Minnesota.

57th U. S. Colored Troops.

Second Brigade.

2nd Arkansas.

62nd Illinois.

106th Illinois.

126th Illinois.

22nd Ohio.

Third [Cavalry] Brigade.

3rd Arkansas.

10th Illinois.

2nd Missouri.

8th Missouri.

Artillery.

2nd Missouri, Battery D.

5th Ohio Battery.

11th Ohio Battery.

CAVALRY BRIGADE.

13th Illinois.

1st Indiana.

5th Kansas.

7th Missouri.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Jacksonport, Ark., May 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN W. STEPHENS,Eleventh Mo. Cav., Commanding Post of Batesville, Ark.:

COLONEL: I deem it proper to inform you that, owing to the reverses met by General Steele's army, I consider it likely that the enemy, flushed with victory, will cut off his communications again to harass his various outposts. I may deem it best for you to evacuate Batesville, and should you find it necessary to do so fall back upon this point. For this reason I consider it right that you should be ready to move here at any moment.

Be wary of the enemy; keep advised of his movements; he may not cross Little Red, but I feel certain that he will, and that we will have warm work before long. Kirby Smith is an enterprising general and no sluggard. When you evacuate, if compelled to do so, let it only be either in view of the approach of largely superior numbers and secretly, or after repulsing the enemy by day, work out in the night, leaving your lights hung to deceive him. Try and avoid letting the enemy steal a march on you.

Press every serviceable horse in the country and send them down here to the district quartermaster. Mares are now included in cavalry services. Ponies are not. I cannot adequately caution you against the enemy's movements. Your own shrewdness, enterprise, and daring must help you through. Don't be afraid to send very small parties of bold, self-reliant men to the southwest of where you are after knowledge of the enemy's movements, and keep me thoroughly advised of all that transpires. I will never surrender, and hope nothing will permit you to either. Better to perish with honor and glory than survive disgrace. Glod bless you, colonel, and stand up to the work for the flag General Washington bequeathed us.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding Dist.

