HDQRS. COMPANY G, FIRST NEBRASKA CAVALRY, Jacksonport, Ark., May 11, 1864.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,Asst. Adjt. General, District of Northeastern Arkansas:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from Lieutenant Colonel William Baumer, commanding First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, on the 1st of May I embarked on the steamer Raymond at the post of Jacksonport, with a detachment of the First Nebraska Cavalry, and proceeded to Devall's Bluff, Ark., at which place I arrived on the 2nd of May, at 3 p.m., and reported to Colonel Geiger, commanding the post. After reporting I disembarked my command and went into bivouac camp, where we remained until noon of the 9th instant, when, according to orders from Colonel Geiger, I embarked on the Westmoreland steamer and the Pocahontas with my command, consisting of my own and the detachment of Captain Potts' First Nebraska Cavalry, of which I assumed command on arriving at the post of Devall's Bluff.

On the 10th instant I arrived at the post of Jacksonport in the afternoon at 3 o'clock, disembarked my command, and returned to camp. Two hours later Captain Potts, on the Pocahontas steamer, arrived at post and returned to camp also. While at the Bluff I caused the horses of my command to be grazed two hours every day on a prairie 1 mile distant from the Bluff, where the grass was abundant. My men were on duty every day, and while at the Bluff loaded the steamer Westmoreland.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS J. WEATHERWAX,

Captain, First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding Detach.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 11, 1864-3.10 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Secretary of War directs that any orders issued by Major-General Canby, in his name, will be obeyed by you.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

MOUTH OF RED RIVER, May 11, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Under the authority of instructions from the Secretary of War, I have the honor to request that from 4,000 to 6,000 infantry may be sent from the Department of the Missouri to report to me at Memphis, Tenn., at which place orders will meet them. They should be lightly equipped for service in the field.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

