
Kansas, to Leavenworth to report the state of affairs, and give me further information of what was required. He went and telegraphed back that all was quiet, and soon returned himself with the same message. The troops were not therefore sent. Governor Carney called upon me at the fort in the course of the afternoon, after I had sent Major Hunt to the city; said he had heard that troops were to be sent to the city, and requested that I should not do so. He also assured me that there would be no rioting if it could be possibly prevented, and that the civil authorities he thought were sufficient to maintain peace.

Between 9 and 10 o'clock in the evening I received by messenger from the mayor the following:

MAYOR'S OFFICE, LEAVIENWORTH, April 3, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Brigadier-General DAVIES:

DEAR SIR: Since my return from the fort the rioters have had a meeting and resolved to shoot one of the inspectors of elections. Several other parties have been beaten. Every appearance indicates that the rioters intend to defy all civil authorities. I would suggest that 100 more men be sent down. They ought to be here to-night; if not, by 7 o'clock to-morrow morning; trouble and bloodshed may come.

Major Hunt has not yet arrived. Quarters are prepared for the men at the market-house.

I am, your obedient servant,

D. R. ANTHONY,

Mayor.

I returned the following communication to Mayor Anthony:
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, April 3, 1864.

D. R. ANTHONY,

Mayor:

SIR: Your communication is received. Would it not be well for you to consider the propriety of acceding to the views of the voters in respect to the objectionable inspector, in order to remove any cause of collision. I have no views to advance on the subject except to prevent a riot, but it seems to me that another man might be found; if so, a great cause of difficulty would be removed, and no one would be removed, and no one would be injured. It cannot change the result, and may be the means of avoiding trouble.

Very respectfully, yours,

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Fearing some trouble might arise which the civil authorities could not control, and that they might require the aid of the military to quell the riot, I ordered about 150 men and two pieces of artillery to proceed, at 7 a. m. on the 4th April, to the vicinity of the town, and upon the military reservation, under the command of Major Hunt, Fifteenth Kansas, and to hold themselves to act in case of necessity, for which I would give the orders in person. The order was obeyed, and myself and staff, with some members of the staff of the major-general commanding department, proceeded to the Planters' House in the city of Leavenworth, where we arrived at 9 a. m.

There was a good deal of election excitement, but no rioting, and about the usual loud and threatening talk among some speakers, but no collision. I sent my staff through the town in various directions, and the uniform report was, all was quiet. I understood, however, that the mayor had undertaken to disarm a man claiming to be acting as deputy U. S. marshal, and that he was struck two or three times and knocked down in the mud; that the mayor ordered the

