HEADQUARTERS FOURTH SUB-DISTRICT,Kansas City, Mo., May 11, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Owing to a large number of guerrillas last week, and on account of the Blue being so high that it was impossible for the wagons to cross it has been almost impossible for all our troops to concentrate at Pleasant Hill. Lieutenant-Colonel Dodd., however, starts to-day. I have issued orders for the most of the scouting hereafter to be done on foot. I think, if I am allowed to keep, say, 15 men of each company constantly in the brush on foot, and occasionally cavalry scouts out at the same time, I will yet succeed in ridding the country of all enemies. We work, however, under many disadvantages; our uniforms are the same as theirs, and when we have to wait to give signals, bush whackers are soon out of sight in the brush. I should like to have some designating mark or badge, that our own troops can be known at first sight. I have ussued circulares to all commanding officers to keep at least 15 men on foot from each squadron, carrying from three seven day's rations. If to be gone more than five days, they will take a pack animal with them. The greatest care must be taken or some of our own men will be killed. I have also sent new "hailing words" for footmen, both questions and answers very short.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 11, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENEA,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose original papers* captured by colonel Phelps in an engagement on Richland a few days since, as follows, viz: Commission of Governor of Missouri to Ralph Smith, captain on the general staff corps; Special Orders, Numbers 24, District of Arkansas (rebel), Camden, March 28, 1864; General Orders, Nos. 11 and 14, headquarters Missouri State Guard (rebel); Special Orders. No, 158, paragraph 18, headquarters Trans-Mississippi, and general and special orders and letters from headquarters camp Cabell's and Lewis' battalions. These papers are all of recent date and throw some light upon the design of the rebels for the coming summer, and the attention of the general commanding is called to them for this reason.

Twelve of fifteen thousand dollars in Missouri State warrants were also captured and are now at these headquarters. I have not sent if forward, for the reason that it is not Confederate money, and think the best disposition to make of it to burn, it but will hold it until I receive instructions from headquarters. Company B, Second Artillery, has not yet reported. The veterans are absent. I could use more force to great advantage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

