
I can get no accession to my force till the terrible battles now pending are over. That is obvious. I expect two companies will arrive at Riley in a day or two. I can then send a company to Larned. Indeed, I have already ordered Captain Dunlap's company to move, leaving employes and recruits to take care of Rilley. When the companies from Nebraska arrive I will send one or both to your district.

Have the employes at Fort Scott enrolled, and have them drill every Saturday afternoon. I have some things published on purpose to keep the militia sensible of pending danger. It is the only way to have them ready to help, and without them we cold not mass a regiment, as I have informed the honorable the Secretary of War. This kind of watchful care and attention on our part is appreciated by friends and foes, and helps to guard the people of Kansas against the terrible surprises and disasters that have heretofore destroyed her towns and crimsoned her prairies.

You see, therefore, I have already been anticipating your ideas in the mains by pressing, the use of the militia and pressing, the dangers and gathering scoundrels on the attention of General Rosecrans. When I first came here I received cordial letters from Brown, while I answered in the same spirit, him to heartily co-operate with you, but since the rebels commenced moving into his district, and for some time past, I never a word from him, and not much from General Rosecrans. I fear the negro occupies the attention of the former, and the great M. V. fair the attention of the latter. Mean time, in all courtesy and propriety, let us do our utmost, and courtesy or not, crush rebel nests before the vipers hatch. The news seems favorable from the East, but this is a great day of trial and I tremble for my country.

Trully, your friend and comrade,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

ELEVENTH KANSAS VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,

Lawrence, May 11, 1864.

Captain HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A scouting party which I sent out to Council Grove several days ago returned this morning with information that a party of 6 were seen on the Santa Fe road about ten days ago, going southward, and supposed by the citizens to be bushwhackers; also that a party of 13 had been seen south of Emporia, about two weeks ago, representing themselves to be deserters from the rebel army. No further clue cold be obtained of either party, although much apprehension was felt by the people of those localities in regard to them. I could hear of no depredations having been committed by them. The fears of the people are that they may be part of a force now scattered, but preparing to concentrate and make a descent upon some defenseless portion of the western part of the State. I shall send out scouting paries immediately to watch them as closely as possible.

I am, respectfully, yours,

EDMUND G. ROSS,

Major, Commanding Post.

