
ments have been for sending forward the supplies that he may need, and General Washburn has been charged with the duty of aiding him in keeping open his communications with the Mississippi if they should be endangered. Steele has been instructed to concentrate his force as much as possible, to abandon all points not essential in the object of holding the line of the Arkansas, and to be in readiness for offensive movements. I have ordered some small, detachments from General A. J. Smith's division to join the division, and will relieve the detachments of McPherson's corps now with Smith. Engineer officers are needed in the Department of the Gulf, and I request that 2 may be ordered to report to me. The cavalry of that department needs an efficient head. I know of no one in the department that I can assign to it. Can one ordered to report to me?

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI.

May 12, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,Commanding Division of the Mississippi:

I was very much gratified by the receipt of your telegram of the 8th, and obliged for the suggestion it contained. I will send back as soon as possible the detachments of McPherson's corps now with Brigadier General A. J. Smith. I have ordered the detachment from his division now absent to join him at once, and with these and other troops, that I am able to relieve the others as soon as I reach Red River.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 175. Washington, May 12, 1864.

* * * *

12. Captain De Witt Clinton, additional aide-de-camp, is relieved from duty as judge-advocate of the general court-martial instituted in Special Orders, Numbers 122, March 19, 1864, from this office, as soon as he completes the trial of any case which my have been commenced before the court, and will report in person for duty to Major-General Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

On board Dispatch-Boat Wilson, May 12, 1864.

Captain PRICHETT, U. S. Navy,

Commanding District, &amp;c., mouth of Red River:

SIR: Will you do me the favor to communicate to General Washburn commanding at Memphis, and to General Buford, at Helena, any information that you obtain in relation to movements of the

