HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 12, 1864.

The major-general commanding directs that you hold yourself in readiness to move at any moment after 11 a. m. to-morrow, in accordance with verbal instructions given you this evening. An aide-de-camp will notify your of the moment to start.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- It is understood by the general that when you move, you strike the river road by the nearest route from your present position.

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 12, 1864.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Yours of 27th of April received this moment. We are working we will work, but Banks and Steele have been defeated. Little Rock is threatened; unless help comes, all will be lost. We want energetic men, earnest patriots to guide, and more soldiers, We need protection now, will be lost.

ISAAC MURPHY,

Governor of Arkansas.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,On board Dispatch-Boat Wilson, off Memphis, May 12, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding Dist. of West Tennessee, Memphis:

GENERAL: It is of the utmost importance that Major-General Steele's communication with the Mississippi River should be kept open, and under the authority of my instructions from the War Department the commanding general of the District of West Tennessee is charged with aiding in the accomplishment of this duty, and is authorized to employ any part of the force now or hereafter to be stationed at Columbus, Ky., Memphis, Tenn., or Helena, Ark., that may, in his judgment, be necessary for this purpose.

It is contemplated that a sufficient force of the Iowa and Wisconsin militia will soon report for duty at the points on the Mississippi River to enable a considerable portion of the force now at those points to be employed on this duty. All transports carrying troops or supplies for Major-General Stele's command will be instructed to report to you at this place for orders, before proceeding below, and you are desired to give notice in advance, if possible, of the sailing of any transports to the naval commander, at the month of White River, in order that arrangements may be made for convoying them up that river if it should be necessary.

