
Major-General Steele will be requested to advise with you directly in relation to his wants and the extent to which assistance from you will be needed. Should any official communications from Major- General Steele addressed to General Sherman or to myself be received you are authorized to open them and take such measures in relation to them as in your judgment the interests of the service may require. Please advise me as frequently and as fully as you can in relation to everything of military interest within your command or along the Mississippi.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 12, 1864.

Major-General F. STEELE:

Supplies of transportation have been ordered and are now on the way to you. Major-General Washburn, commanding at Memphis, has been charged with the duty of aiding to keep open your communications with the Mississippi. It is supposed that you will have not rouble between Devall's bluff and Little Rock. Communicate directly with General Washburn, and advise him to what extent his assistant will be required upon this point and with reference to supplies. Concentrate your force as much possible, and abandon all points not essential to the main object of holding the line of the Arkansas and keeping open your communication with the Mississippi, and be prepared to act offensively. Advise me as soon as possible of your condition and prospects and of your wants. If your communications are interrupted or threatened communications by cipher everything that relates to movements, numbers, and supplies, and send copies of important reports by different routes. The extent of your wants is not fully known, but orders have been given to be prepared to meet them fully and at once. A new cipher will be sent to you as soon as it can be done safely.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., May 12, 1864.

Major J. A. LENNON,

Commanding Third Brigade:

MAJOR: The general commanding this division has been directed to picket the southwest, south, and east sides of the town, commencing on the Benton road. You will make the necessary details at once for outposts and patrol on this line from the cavalry under your command, and give your personal attention to proper disposition of the same. You will also direct your brigade officer of the day to report daily at 9 a. m. at these headquarters to secure co-operate with the infantry pickets.

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

