HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, May 12, 1864.

SIR: My scouting parties have captured the following named, whom, with 3 sergeants and 10 privates, I have sent North this day, viz: Colonel John E. Josey, Fifteenth Arkansas Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel F. H. Turner, Ninth Missouri Infantry; Captain S. G. Hanley, First Arkansas [Helena] Artillery; Captain T. B. Collin, Sixth Texas Infantry; Captain T. T. Edmundson, Mayes' Squadron; First Lieutenant J. R. Jackson, Mayes' Squadron ; First Lieutenant James Blackburn, Cocke's regiment; Second Lieutenant W. P. Wargfield, Second Arkansas Infnatry. They have also captured the following-named persons, whom I have retained here,under very strict guard, and shall await the instructions of Major-General Steele before disposing of them,viz: First Lieutenant T. C. Casteel, First Arkansas Cavalry; First Lieutenant J. H. Verby, aide-de-camp to Dobin; First Lieutenant W. A.thomas, First Arkansas Cavalry; Private T. Stoneman, First Arkansas Cavalry; Private T. A. Duails, First Arkansas Cavalry; Private T. A. Duails, First Arkansas Cavalry; Private J. G. Smith, First Arkansas Cavalry; Private F. H. Hogg, Morgan's regiment.

All these persons have violated the laws of war by making midnight thieving excursions to the plantations leased by the Government to peaceful citizens and stealing from them their horses, mules, and watches, money, clothing, and provisions. I have evidence that Lieutenant Casteel has more than once fired on unarmed boats; that he has had one white man named Hoobs killed, and two negroes; that he has had other negroes unmercifully whipped, and that all the others above named have been principals or accomplices in similar acts of crime and barbarity. These men have all been secreted, harbored, and encouraged by the people in this vicinity, and they have had to them. Now, if such men should be treated as prisoners of war and exchanged it is certain they would return to their former hiding places and practices.

They with others, have stolen, over 200 mules and horses since I have been in command, which led to my enforcing General Grant's retaliatory order. I respectfully suggest that the Secretary of War be applied to for an order to incarcerate these men at the Dry Tortugas, or in some Northern prison, until the close of the war. If I should desire to try these, men I have not in my command experienced officers who understand the laws of war and the powers and duties of military commissions. These cases [involve] delicate questions; moreover, it would be difficult to keep the witnesses here and to have all the proofs presented to the curt. I have taken some time to consider these cases before making the above request.

I have the honor, to be your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Jacksonport, Ark., May 12, 1864.

Major W. D. Green,

A. A. G., 7th A. C. and Dept. of Ark. Little Rock, Ark.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have this day ordered the garrison at Batesville to evacuate that post and march to this

