
station. The country around Batesville for 60 miles is utterly destitute of forage, and the animals cannot be subsisted while out scouting. That portion of the country west of the line running through Back and White Rivers is so utterly exhausted that no enemy can subsist in it, and no enemy is to be found throughout it. by bringing the garrison of Batesville to this point I provide a strong garrison of Batesville to this point I provide a strong guard for the stores now accumulating here when I send out expeditions, which necessarily have to be large in view of the fact that the enemy has about 1,500 men now encamped at Richwoods, in Saint Francis County, under command of General Adams, a former lawyer of Helena, Ark. This point in my district, but I hope I will not be blamed if I run down there and break up this rebel brigade.

With the forces I have I am good against 4,000 or 5,000 such troops as have occupied the country, between White and Mississippi rivers. Should the enemy move toward Clarendon, which I am well informed is their intention, they can be easily bagged by my forces falling on their rear and driving them on the neck of land between White and Cache River. It is a common or rumor among the citizens from southern part of Jackson and Saint Francis Counties that General Adams has come up for the purpose of taking the whole force of the enemy and as many conscripts as he can obtain to General Price's army. I give the report for what it is worth.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cav., Commanding Dist.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ARKANSAS,Jacksonport, Ark., May 12, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,

A. A. G., Dept. of Ark., and 7th A. C., Little Rock:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the 4 enlisted men of forth Regiment Arkansas Mounted Infantry, to wit, Henry H. Wackerly, William H. Fuller, David Nolff, and Samuel Garner, mentioned in my communication of March 7 as being held by the enemy for desertion, have finally been returned to me under parole and are now with their command. The men state that they were heavily chained and were frequently told they were to be shot, but that after the flag of truce Colonel Rogan returned from these headquarters with my answer to General McRae he treated them more kindly took off their chains, and they have finally been saved from a cruel and unjust death from a savate foe.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cav., Commanding Dist.

SAINT LOUIS, May 12, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President United States:

Major-General Rosecrans is absent for a few days at Cincinnati. Your dispatch received in reference to disturbances in Carroll,

