
to send detachment of Company D, with howitzers, to Lyon to report to you for duty. You had better, send some scouts out to the Red River, and keep a sharp lookout for the rebels. Establish a stray picket down the Arkansas River, say at the southeastern line of Colorado, and an officer in charge of it. Send out scouts to keep posted. On no account whatever will a surprise be tolerated in any commander of outposts, detachments, or camps.

See that all officers put in charge by you are instructed suitably in this matter. General Curtis is fearful of his right flank lookouts. I desire to say to that we have a constantly increasing evil in this district-that is, the detailing an escort for every officer that comes on on leave of absence or duty from any part of the district, and then it is difficult to get them back to their commands, and it must be stopped; besides, be officers must not have soldiers for servants to attend to their horses, &amp;c., while they draw pay for servants. There are loud complaints on this subject from department headquarters. Hereafter no leaves of absence will be given and entered upon without first being approved at these headquarters.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 197. Washington, May 12, 1864.

The new posts recently established in the Department of the Northwest will be named as follows:

The post on James River, Fort Wadsworth.

The post at Devil's Lake, Fort Hays.

The post on the upper Missouri, Fort Rice.

The post on the Yellowstone River, Firth Stevenson.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 12, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit inclosed draft of an order establishing trade regulations with the Indian tribes in this department, which I desire to publish. To avoid conflict of authority with other branches of the public service, it is necessary that order be approved and authorized by the President of the United States. It is therefore respectfully submitted, with the request that if approved by the Secretary of War and yourself, the indorsement of the President be obtained and the order returned to me.

It is unnecessary to represent to you that some such regulations are necessary to control Indian traders in their dealings with the Indians and to force parties now uncontrolled and irresponsible to conform to the rules of fair with Indians which are enforced bylaw in transactions of the same character with white men. The opposite practice has been the occasion of great wrong to the Indians.

