
way as in times past, by hating and trapping. It is manifest that if these results can be secured the Indian question will be advanced far toward a final settlement; and as I believe that the measures hitherto proposed and the trade regulation herein transmitted will greatly conduce, to this end, they are respectfully submitted for approval and for the indorsement of that approval by the President.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 13, 1864, via Cairo, May 19, 1864.

(Received 11.30 a. m., 19th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I learn at this place that Red River, is still closed by the rebels below Alexandria. Nothing definite is known of the condition of General Bank's army, but a few troops, independent of this command, may be necessary to open the river. I will send orders to Generals Steele and Washburn to have all the force that can safely be spared from their commands in readiness for this contingency. I will be at the mouth of Red River, early to-morrow morning, and hope to learn the state of affairs at Alexandria.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 13, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I respectfully request that the following and material be ordered to Vicksburg, Miss., without delay, the detail to report to the chief signal officer, Military Division, of West Mississippi: Ten lieutenants of the Signal Corps, 10 sergeants, 60 enlisted men, 30 complete sets of signal equipments, 60 sets Coston lights, fitted for pistols, 30 signal pistols, 2 scale glasses. Officers and men, 30 complete sets of signal equipments, 60 sets Coston lights, fitted for pistol 30 signal pistols, 2 scale glasses. Officers and men to be fully equipped for service in the field.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

EN ROUTE, AT WILSON'S FARM, MAY 13, 1864-6 p. m.,

General DWIGHT,

Headquarters:

Your order to camp at Choctaw Bayou is received. Your troops are still 6 miles short of that point. Without the troops in advance move forward, it will be impossible to move farther. I can put the train in the vicinity of Wilson's Bayou, but no farther, as appears at present.

Very respectfully,

J. G. CHANDLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Quartermaster.

