HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

The commanding general desires me to inform you that the cause of the smoke over the town is a large fire. He lets you know, in order that you may be prepared for the enemy in case they push you.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. Middle Bayou, La., May 13, 1864.

I. The order of march to-day, the 13th instant, will be as follows; (1) The Fourth Division, with Foster's battery. (2) The Third Division. (3) The Second Brigade, First Division. The regiments will march left in front, with skirmishers thrown out well on the right flank. One commissioned officer will march in rear of each company to see that no man falls out of ranks unless in accordance with publish orders. No straggling will be tolerated.

The trains belonging to the different detachments, if they have not already been, will be immediately report by the division and brigade quartermasters Lieutenant Jesse Scott, in charge of corps, transportation. The pickets will not be called, in until the troops, commence their march. An aide-de-camp, will be sent to notify commanding officers as to the hour of march.

By command of Brigadier-General Lawler:

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Ten miles on the road from Alexandria, La., may 13, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:

Lucas is 3 miles in front of me, where the obstructions begin, and is skirmishing with the enemy at the same time that he is removing the obstructions. He sends the report back that he learns the enemy's position is only 7 miles from his front. He also learns that the enemy was re-enforced last night by Polignac's brigade, 5,000 men. I think that if General Arnold could be sent to the front with his scouts, and such additional cavalry as he might deem necessary, a road might be found leading from this one by which we cold turn the enemy's position by his left flank. The information, I confess, surprise me, that the enemy is only 7 miles from Lucas' front, which would only make it about 20 miles from Alexandria. The road by which General Smith comes in unites with this only half a mile to my front and I shall occupy it to-night. Colonel Lucas thinks that there is but a small force in his front, and that the enemy are still ignorant of our intentions.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

