
Steele to let each division commander work with all this available force on his front, General West taking from the right to Fort Steele, General Salomon rest. I have selected all the points and places for the works. General Salomon understands and has gone to work. I hardly expected General West to have his detail ready to-day. His detail can report at 7 a. m. to-morrow with implements at the infantry picket guard beyond the penitentiary, where a man will be to give proper directions.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. B. WHEELER,

Captain of Engineers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 2. Little Rock, Ark., May 13, 1864.

I. The following troops are constituted the garrison of Little Rock, and will relieve the present garrison at 8 a. m. to-morrow: Forty-third Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, Second Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, (Merrill's Horse.) The senior officer present for duty will command the post and report direct to the district commander. The regiments will furnish to their brigade and division headquarters all returns and reports that their commanders may require. Upon being relieved, Colonel Daniel Anderson, First Iowa Cavalry, and the troops, composing his command will report to their division commanders.

II. The detachments of the Seventh Missouri and Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry now on duty here will proceed to Pine Bluff and report to Colonel Powell Clayton, to whose brigade they are assigned by Special Orders, Numbers 100, headquarters Department of Arkansas, Seventh Army Corps, may 11, 1864. All transportation in possession of the above detachment will be turned over to the post quartermaster at Little Rock, Ark.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General A. E. CARR:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,

Little Rock, Ark., May 13, 1864.

Brigadier General SALOMON and WEST,

Commanding First and Second Divs., 7th Army Corps:

GENERALS: You are hereby directed to make what rifle-pits and other earth-works are necessary to cover the front assigned to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. PORTER,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., May 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General SALOMON,

Commanding First Division, Seventh Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will, with your command, take charge of the picketing and defense of the southwest, south, and east sides of the

