
MAY 13, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General STEELE:

DEAR GENERAL: This morning I requested Colonel Clayton, for my personal information, to telegraph me the news from the enemy. His reply is as follows, dated at 7.30:

Lieutenant Young has just come in from the Saline. He reports a force still at Jenkins' Ferry. Lieutenant Graves came in yesterday from Mount Elba, and vicinity he reports the enemy preparing crossing 6 miles below Mount Elba and at Long View. The truce party I sent out to Marks' Mills before you left has returned. They were not allowed to go farther than the Saline.

Yours, truly, &amp;c.,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LEWISBURG, May 13, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

Three hundred cavalry passed west of Perryville yesterday, going toward Danville. Major Van Houten sent scout over this morning; met a force near Oppelo Springs. Our loss: Lieutenant Ritter, Company I, killed; 2 men of Company M wounded; 2 citizens wounded. Enemy's loss not known. The major sent 200 men, under Major Clarkson as re-enforcement. I will recall them to-night. Where is Shelby? Can you tell me?

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, &c.,

SAINT CHARLES, MAY 13, 1864.

Brigadier General EWING:

I am just in received of Special Orders, Numbers 130 (General Rosecrans) detailing two companies of the Seventh Kansas Cavalry to go to Callway County to aid in enforcing the enrollment. By this morning's mail I am also advised from Callwary that the enrolling officers have been furnished guards by Captain Campbell, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and thus in my judgment, superseding the necessity of sending the Seventh Kansas to that country.

WM. F. SWITZLER,

Captain and Provost-Marshall, Ninth District.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL,

New Madrid, Mo., May 13, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that since orders have been issued not to let goods of any kind go out into Pemiscot and Dunklin Counties the trade been has turned to Cape Girardeu, and I am, informed that Colonel Clark, of the Ninth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, C. S. Army, who has his headquarters in Greene County, Ark., sends citizens to the Cape and obtains all the supplies he wants, the purchasers claiming the as family supplies. Dr. Sutton, of

