
Dunklin County,tells me that he knows these are facts; that he saw 40 barrels of flour in one train. Every thing is working admirably well here, considering the small amount of cavalry that is stationed at this post. But I fear there is too much money in the military business transactions at the Cape for the welfare of the Government.

I am, very respectfully,

O. P. STEELE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., May 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the general commanding, whose attention is invited to Lieutenant Steele's statements. I have had similar intimations from other sources in regard to the management of affairs at Cape Girardeau, but none so direct and unqualified. I think it deserving of immediate attention.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 20, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Ewing, commanding Saint Louis District, for thorough investigation. If the statement is correct, it shows a state of affairs at the Cape which needs prompt remedy; if not correct, it is time certain people making similar representations were punished for their false statements.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, May 21, 1864.

Respectfully returned, with the statement that I have ordered the commanding officer at Cape Girardeau to exercise the utmost vigilance to prevent the sale and shipment from that town of provisions and goods for the guerrillas in Arkansas. I respectfully suggest that the assistant provost-marshal at Cape Girardeau be instructed to help detect and break up the illicit traffic alleged to exist, as the evil is one specially calling from his attention. I sent to Greene County, Ark., a week ago, a force from Pilot Knob of about 200 cavalry to break up the camp of Colonel Clark, spoken of in the inclosed letter, and expect in a few days to hear of the result of the expedition. The intimation of fraud against the commanding officer at Cape Girardeau in the last sentence of the inclosed letter is of a character similar to the charges heretofore made against him, orally and in writing, on which he asked a court of inquiry, and which charges I understand Colonel Du Bois was sent to Cape Girardeau to investigate. I suppose it was not intended by the major-general commanding that I should order another investigation of these

