
charges, and I will therefore await the result of the investigation by Colonel Du Bois before acting him the premises. I will add that, in my opinion. Colonel Roger's management of the post and the troops under his command has been generally so good that I do not feel inclined to relieve him except on charges sufficiently well vouched to justify his arrest and trial.

THOMAS EWING, JR.

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND COLORADO CAVALRY,Pleasant Hill, Mo., May 13, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the headquarters of the Second Colorado Cavalry has been removed from Independence, Mo., to this place, as per inclosed order.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. H. DODD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CEN. MO., Numbers 62. Kansas City, Mo., may 6, 1864.

1. In obedience to orders from Brigadier General E. B. Brown, commanding District of Central Missouri, the Second Regiment Colorado Cavalry, Liet. Colonel Theo. H. Dodd commanding, with the headquarters of the same, will proceed as soon as practicable to concentrate at Pleasant Hill, Mo., bringing with them their camp and garrison equipage and turning over to the assistant quartermaster at Kansas City, Mo., all their tents as soon as they can draw shelter-tents in their place.

* * * *

By order of Colonel James H. Ford, commanding Fourth, Sub-District:

EDWARD L. BERTHOUD,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAYETTEVILLE, May 13, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Telegraph from operator at Van Buren informs me that Marmaduke with 1,100 men crossed the Arkansas River 15 miles below Van Buren night before last; they are reported to have gone toward Fort Gibson, but nothing definite is known; thinks they had no artillery. We may be attacked here very soon, though the more probable solution is that they will go to Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas. I cannot get communication with Fort Smith to-night, and with dismounted men it is impossible to keep up the line north. Operator says General their is coming up the river on boats and the escorts guarding them with artillery and cavalry are fighting their way up.

This is not official, but probably true.

M. L. HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

