
the clerk of the court, and take an oath that they do not know anything about who, constituted the mob, or if they do they will then be further examined as to what they know. The officer who administers the oath will keep a list of the names of all the men who take it, and send the oath signed by the parties to me. It is of the utmost importance to all of your command who are innocent that this misconduct should be fixed upon the proper parties, as al will no doubt have to be punished unless this is done.

I think that the guard on duty at the time should be arrested and tried for neglect of duty and cowardice for not firing as the mob approached and for surrendering to them without firing a shot. Your command should be made to understand that it is not on account of any sympathy for the men killed that punishment is and must be inflicted upon both guilty and innocent unless the guilty can be ascertained, but on account of the heinousness of the military offensive, the most so of any offense known to military law-the forcing of a guard. And if this can be done for one purpose and upon one pretense, it can for any other and upon any outer pretense, and there is no safety for any property or any persons in the charge or employ of the Government. Hence those guilty of such an offense must be punished, if many innocent have to be punished with them. give this matter constant and earnest attention until all is done that can be to save innocent parties, and send in the results of your investigation at the earliest day possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, May 13, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK:

A small party of guerrillas crossed the Missouri River and plundered Camden. A big scare at Lexington. The counties of Jackson, Bates, Cass, and the northern part of Vernon, on the Osage, full of small roving bands of guerrillas. The Second Colorado Cavalry are now constantly in the brush. i am satisfied that Quantrill leads the bushwhackers.

J. C. W. HALL,

Captain, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Station.

MACON, MO., May 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

I have just heard from Major Leonard that he carried out the idea of General Rosecrans, but was unable to hear, of Jackman. He learned of the presence of Frost, Pullman, and Holtzclaw; these men had robbed Union mein Boone County not long since. He scoured the counties of Boone and Howard thoroughly, but was unable to catch any of the thieves; he has men out, however, and may be able to do something. They are secreted at the houses of good men in the infested regions. H. Truman went to Saint Louis the day you passed here; will be up here and on the road to-morrow with his band. Major Leonard is instructed as to H. T. and will call in his

