
men when he appears in Howard. By the way, do you wish the major to stay any longer in Howard? If nothing else presses some of us would like to attend the fair for a day or two at least.

Respectfully,

DAN M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSORI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 13, 1864.

J. M. COMSTOCK,

Albany, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Your favor of the 10th instant, addressed to S. O. Schofield, esg. with inclosed affidavits and petitions from the citizens of Gentry County, was handed to me to-day, and shall receive immediate ademption and full and cheerful consideration. The abuses complained of shall without unnecessary delay be fully investigated and such remedy applied as may be found necessary to correct the evils. It affords me great satisfaction to see that you are taking such a lively interest in the cause of the country, and I assure you most cordially that all your efforts toward the restoration of peace and quiet in your country and vicinity meet with my hearty approval and shall have my earnest co-operation. Hoping that the time may soon come when the military may be dispensed with entirely, not only here in Missouri, but throughout the country and peace, harmony, and prosperity dawn once more upon our land, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, MO., May 13, 1864.

JAMES T. BEACH,

Saint Joseph, Mo:

DEAR SIR: On last Saturday night a raid was [made] into Camden, Ray Country, about 10 or 12 miles from this place, by some 15 or 20 bushwhackers from this side of the river. They robbed the town of such articles as they thought they needed and could over the river with them, besides all the money they could procure. The amount they took off is said to be over $800 worth. The Union men of that place and its immediate neighbor with to form themselves into a company or companies for the purpose of self-protection, and when organized and sworn in, they want arms and ammunition furnished them. They prefer shotguns. They say if they can get permission from General Fisk to organize, and arms and ammunition furnished, they can and will protect themselves.

I will give you the names of some of the citizens of Camden who desire to go into an organization of this kind: Washington Foster, John Foster, Daniel Mott, William Davis, lafayette Swearingen, John Harris, James Arkers, William Thomas, Orange Mott, John Tulkerson, Edwin De Master, Thomas Slater, William Slater. They say they can raise 100 good men. You will confer a favor by presenting this matter to General Fisk and write tome the result. There are 400 bushwhackers reported in or near Napoleon on the river west of this place. The country seems to be full of them.

37 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

