
Our fears are we will have hard times this season. there is certainly a lock of energy in our district commander, General Brown. He is not the man for this district; we want a radical commander, one who will treat rebels and their sympathizers radically. General Brown is not that man. Can you not do something for us on this score?

I have the honor to be, my dear sir, your obedient servant,

F. COOLEY.

[Indorsement.]

Friend CLARKE:

You may rely upon Mr. Cooley and his statements. In the press of business I inclose to you instead of presenting personally. Please copy and return.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JAMES T. BEACH.

PAOLA, KANS., May 13, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

Since telegraphing you this morning I have received additional information from department headquarters which renders it necessary for to change the programme. Send Companies A and K, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, from Pleasant Grove to Humboldt. See communication by to-day's mail.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., May 13, 1864.

Lieutenant GEORGE S. EAYRE:

SIR: If this note reaches you at Larned you will report for duty to the commanding officer at that post, with the section of the battery (I mean the men.) Send detachment of D Company with the howitzers to Fort Lyon, to report to the commanding officer at that post for duty. The Parrot rifled battery will soon be at Larned for your company. Captain McLain, will be with them. Balance of your company will be sent forward as soon as transportation can be had. Caution officer in command not to be surprised by any parties of Indians or rebels while en route between Larned and Lyon.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 13, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that the commanding officer of Fort Abercrombie has written, under date of 7th instant, that Gabriel Renville, my chief scout, had arrived at that post from his

