
camp near the head of the Coteau de Prairie, and reported that small parties of hostile Sioux were on the way to the settlements favor purposes of pillage and murder, and that one of them who had threatened to fire upon the scouts and steal their horses had been killed by them and scalped. He was recognized as one of the actors in the massacre of 1862; his name, Joptina. White Could's band had threatened to attack the scouts' camp hereford the troops could reach there, but as they are fortified with earth-works and are 10 or 12 resolute men in umber, I think they can defend themselves unless assailed by an overpowering force. Gabriel further states that the Sissetons who desire place have been prevented from coming to Abercrombie to sing the conditions by the hostile, and ordered in the direction of Devil's Lake. He thinks there will be a fight among themselves, but I doubt it, inasmuch as those who wish to surrender to the Government are largely in the minority.

I have private advices from the Red River settlement to the effect that part of the refugee Sioux are still there, about 22 lodges, or 40 men, who avow their determination to do what mischief they can along the Red River. It would not be difficult to destroy these wretches were it not for the fact that they will remain encamped so near the British boundary line as to elude pursuit by our forces. i trust your representations to the superior military authorities at Washington will induce the President to insist that the British Government shall no longer allow to these murdering ruffians a refuge in British territory, as has too long been the case. I am anxiously awaiting further information from yourself and Brigadier-General Sully relative to the stage of water in the Missouri River and the probability of General S.'s forces being able to reach the designated point of junction at Bordache Creek at the time indicated. The detachment from this district will without doubt be able to reach the place on 20th proximo, as agreed upon, although thus far we have no rain, and there is consequently less grass than we had last vera at this season. I am very apprehensive lest the troops from this district arrive on the Missouri too soon to enable General Sully to furnish necessary supplies.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 13, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY, Sioux City, Iowa:

GENERAL: I transmit inclosed, for your information and guidance, copy of letters just received from General Sibley, giving details concerning the movements of the column which marches from Minnesota to join you, together with the quantity of supplies they will carry, and setting forth the necessity of having supplies for them in time upon the Missouri River. I regret very much to learn that the Missouri is so low and so little apparent prospect of an immediate rise. It is believed, however, that the spring rise from the mountains has not yet come down, and that in time for your movement the river will be in good condition. It is not doubted that under any circumstances (after the experience of last year) you will be prepared to carry out your operations. In the event of the

