
river still continuing too low for navigation, in time for you to send yours stores up to Long Lake, some other made than that heretofore indicated must be adopted for the supply of the post at Devil's Lake. It will not be difficult, however, to supply that post by train from Minnesota, provided timely notification given.

You must endeavor by wagon or otherwise to send forward the supplies needed at the post near month of Long Lake, as it is guite essential that that post be established and supplied this season. Please write me immediately on these subjects and let me know the present and prospective condition of the Missouri; also what you propose in case there is no hope of navigation above Fort Pierre. Be careful to notify me in time by telegraph from Council Bluffs, in case you cannot send up sufficient supplies to Long Lake for the garrison at Devill's lake, as I must have time enough to contract for sending the supplies by way of Abercrombie. It is earnestly hoped that the provisions herein suggested may point to a state of things which will not occur, but after our experience of last season we must be prepared for the worst.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOUTH OF RED RIVER, LA., May 14, 1864.

(Received 12.30 p. m., 21st.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

I have no later news from General Banks than is contained in his cipher dispatch* forwarded to-day, except that he will reach the river at Simspost, 10 miles below this place. I will collect all the force that can be spared from here, Natchez, and from points below to assist him, if necessary.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

NEAR MOUTH RED RIVE, May 14, 1864.

(Received 10.15 a. m., 22nd.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

We have rumors through rebel sources that the gun-boats, except two, succeeded in getting over the falls at Alexandria on the day mentioned in General Banks' dispatch. It is not confirmed yet, but I think probable.

Very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 177. Washington, May 14, 1864.

* * * *

18. The leave of absence granted Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom U. S. Volunteers, in Special Orders, Numbers 104, April 23, 1864 from headquarters Department of the Gulf, is hereby extended seventy days.

* * * *

---------------

*Of May 8. See Part I. p. 192.

---------------

