
gun-boats are up. the road from Wilson's Landing to Cheneyville is distinct from Pierce's Landing, 3 miles below, and nearly parallel to it. I have heard nothing from headquarters.

I am, sir, respectfully,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Wilson's Plantation, May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detach, of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs you to move at once to this position. I is of utmost importance that your command should arrive here at the earliest possible moment, as your position, in the column has been changed, and the commanding general desires you to perform an important duty. You will start your train at once, leaving a portion of the cavalry that is with you to act escort. As soon you have given the necessary orders, the commanding general desires to see you here at once.

He expected your infantry to be here by 3 a. m. to-day.

Very respectfully,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Near Marksville, May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detach, Sixteenth and Seventh Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your whole command at 3 a. m. to-morrow, and take position on the right of the Nineteenth Army Corps. General Emory, commanding the Nineteenth Army Corps, has been ordered to move his whole command at 3 a. m. to the position beyond Marksville occupied by our advance this evening. You will move at daylight to turn the left flank of the enemy, and take possession of all the roads leading to Cheneyville. The major-general commanding desires you to make this movement with the utmost vigor, and to be ready to move promptly at the hours indicated. The wagon train will be in park in rear of the town, guarded by a brigade of cavalry. In moving across the prairies, and when practicable for the purpose of shortening the column, you more command in columns of regiments.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, OUTPOST,Cedar Bayou, Tex., May 14, 1864.

Lieutenant R. SKINNER, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: Inclosed I send, for the information of the brigadier-general commanding, a report of two of the scouts I sent out to Panther Point and elsewhere, to ascertain if feed could be obtained there, and to see if there could be found any authentic information

