
the mainland of this island, and it can only be approached by a narrow way through the eastward edge of this marsh, bearing directly on the bay shore, along which extends a shell ridge that widens as it approaches the point. Upon this ridge there is thick growth of shrubbery, principally chaparral.

Following this shore, around, not sufficient depth of water can be had within a considerable distance of the shore to float the smallest boat until very near the point. Here a channel that makes through these flats approaches to the shore, and, turning, makes down, the little cove, which has already been described. At this point a launch could easily land and have the whole of her movements concealed from view behind the chaparral and live-oak thickets that grow here very thick and dense. Leaving Panther, we proceeded as near as practicable to penetrate along the bay coast through the salt flats that, widening as they approach the east gradually forced us from the shore until, some 8 miles northeast of Bloodworth's we found ourselves surrounded on all sides by one vast labyrinth of bogs and quagmires, divided and intercepted by narrow sloughs or chutes, which connect a number of small pools or lakes of salt water flow and ebb with the tide. This bog, fen, swamp, or whatever, it may be termed, is also interspersed with numerous narrow ridges of small knolls of solid earth, upon most of which is a growth of various of shrubbery.

Looking toward the Gulf, the sand-hills are scarcely discernible, while toward the bay a greater distance intervenes, though much plainer to be seen on account of a chain of high ridge island, known as the Chain of Islands, upon which the shrubbery grows with great luxuriance and to a considerable height. These islands extend in close connection from about the point where we then were to within 6 or 8 miles of the fortifications, and are separated from these swamps by small, narrow bays, thus farming a shelter, as it were, to the bogs from the waters of Espiritu Santo Bay, and affording a convenient, sage, and easy landing for almost any vessels that can sail the bay. Being completely screened from this island any vessels could be landed without a risk of being discovered from shore, and in small boats run into any of the many little chutes of the swamp and effect for footmen an easy landing by which they could proceed to any point upon this island.

When we had arrived at this point we discovered, through one of the spaces intervening between two of these islands, a small sloop apparently standing for one of them. Securing our horses, we proceeded on foot through the marsh nearly to its edge, from which we could watch her movements. After tacking about for some time, she squared away and sailed to the westward, but we subsequently learned she was a small fishing smack from the fort. It may not be improper to state that while here we noticed a number of foot-prints, going down to the very marsh's edge, and apparently from a salt bed, out of two large heaps of which a quantity had been shoveled away. There are also very old wagon tracks approaching from the island as far as safe toward the same. No wood of consequence was to be seen along the route we scouted.

All of which is very respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servants,

C. W. WINN,

JAS. L. CARTER,

Texas Scouts.

