HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little rock, Ark., May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Commanding Second Division, District of Little Rock:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding district directs that if the engineers have not yet laid out the plans for the rifle-pits you do not wait for them laid out and finished yourself. Also that you have all trees and bushes within reasonable artillery range cut down, except such shade trees as you may think proper to leave standing. Also that the labor continue on Sunday as other days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE P. CARR,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., MAY 14, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of a communication from district headquarters, directing me to lay out riflepits and to continue work by fatigue parties to-morrow. Captain Wheeler, department chief engineer, made an engagement with me this afternoon to visit the proposed site of the defenses to-morrow morning and expressed his that no work should be done on Sunday. His idea is first to clear away all underbrush. Please lay this matter before the general commanding and inform me whether, with the understanding named above, it is still his desire that the instructions I have acknowledged should be carried out.

I am, captain,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Commanding Second Division, District of Little Rock:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding does not think that you ought to stop either for the engineers or for Sunday. Should any disaster happen in consequence of delay we should never forgive ourselves. General Salomon has already made considerable progress with his work. Underbrush, which is not high enough to conceal a man can be left standing till the last. If the engineer comes, well and good; work on his plan. If he does not, work without it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 3. Little Rock, Ark., May 14, 1864.

The battalion of the Third Arkansas Cavalry under, command of Major George F. Lovejoy, will proceed to Dardanelle, Ark., and

