
report to the commanding officer of the regiment. That portion of the Fourth Arkansas Cavalry now serving under the command of Colonel A. H. Ryan will proceed to Little Rock and report to Brigadier General F. Salomon, commanding First Division.

By order of Brigadier General A. E. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., May 14, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Little Rock:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to request that a guard of infantry of this division now on duty at the Government tan-yard, which is south of the Benton road, shall be relieved by a detachment of the first Division; also that the train guard, which is furnished by detachments from this division, stationed at Little Rock, shall in future be provided from the command at Brownsville. General Orders, Numbers 3. from your headquarters makes it necessary to define some limits within which the troops, of the First and Second Divisions shall not encroach upon each other. I respectfully request that so much of the town of Little Rock as lies north of the Benton road and west of West Main street be assigned to this division.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, May 14, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

From a woman, kept a prisoner by the rebels during the fight yesterday, I learn that the rebels about 150 strong, dressed in Federal uniform and armed with muskets and carbines, and claimed to be Shelby's men. The officer claiming to be Shelby was rather a small man, with light hair and whiskers. They left to-day, going toward Perryville, saying they were going after the balance of the command and three pieces of artillery (Now south of the Fourche), when they wold return and clean us out. I think they were several bushwhacking companies, combined to waylay steamers near Bentley's Bar.

Not knowing the position of the rebel army south of the river, the whereabouts of Shelby more particularly, I did not send a force over the river to-day, as the force here, 220 mounted and 100 dismounted is not sufficient to risk it and hold the post. A boy just in was kept prisoner by the rebels till this morning. He corroborates the woman's statement; says the rebels were well mounted, with Federal muskets, pistols and saddles. He says their talk was that they were going after more men, artillery, and a pontoon now near the Fourche la Fave; also that their camp was a large one. If there is any regular movement by the enemy, they will cut the wire. I would like to hear from the general before they do so. I will do my

