
best to keep it up, though. I haven't got a cartridge for the pistols (Remingtons.) The boxes I sent up were taken to Fort Smith. Can you have Lieutenants Witt send some up?

Yours,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 14, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have received instructions from the Secretary of War to order Brigadier-General Davidson to mount the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry immediately and send it to Little Rock Ark.; also, if the Third Michigan Cavalry cannot be immediately mounted, to send it to General Steele, as infantry, and give its horse, if it has any, to other regiments. I request, therefore, that you will immediately order the Thirteenth Illinois to report to Brigadier-General Davidson at this place,to be mounted and sent forward and the Third Michigan to be armed as infantry and report without delay to Major General Steele at Little Rock, Ark. I am directed to use the utmost General Steele at Little Rock, Ark. I am directed to use the utmost dispatch in hastening troops, to the field and beg that no efforts be spared to put them en route at the earliest possible moment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 132. Saint Louis, Mo., May 14, 1864.

* * * *

7. The Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, now at Jefferson Barracks, will proceed with the least practicable delay, to Alton, III., and relieve the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, in garrison at that point. Upon being relieved by the Seventeenth, the Thirteenth will proceed at once to Saint Louis, Mo., and report to Brigadier-General Davidson commanding cavalry depot, to be equipped as speedily as possible and forwarded to Major-General Steele, commanding Department of Arkansas. The quartermaster's department will provide the necessary transportation for the execution of these movements with the least practicable loss of time.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding:

If my scouts bring in reliable intelligence I will be read to move. Let the commission come on. I am ready, present or absent, and anxious. My hands is white.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.

