
PILOT KNOB, MAY 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

SIR: My command has started, and I leave immediately to join them.

Yours,

J. T. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

PATTERSON, MAY 14, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

I shall leave this place to-morrow at daylight. I hear that Reves is collecting his troops right on my road to Gainesville. I fear they will scatter when they hear of me. I will endeavor to carry the news of my approach . Hope for success.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

ROLLA, MO., May 14, 1864.

COMMANDER POST,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

A party of 20 rebels passed through Vienna, Maries County, at 4 a. m. to-day. They are aiming to cross the Missouri River, and have gone north in the direction of Bonnet's Mill, or west in the direction of Saint Thomas. I would suggest that a scout be sent at once to Bonnet's Mill by rail and another to the crossing of the Osage near Saint Thomas. A party of Enrolled Missouri Militia, under Captain Kinzey, may go in pursuit from Vienna, let your men look out for them; also for a messenger that may be sent from Vienna. The rebel band was attacked yesterday at 2 p. m., near cuba, 2 of them killed, and a number of arms and saddle horses captured. Their horses are much jaded, and with prompt pursuit form Jefferson I think they be can caught.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

PLEASANT HILL, Mo., May 14, 1864.

(Received 8. 30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Since my arrival here have sent scouts easterly and westerly directions. Sent scout this morning with instructions to proceed toward Kingsville, near Johnson County line, and from thence north to Lone Jack. This scout will probably, return to-morrow night. Shall send one to-morrow westerly, and also a foot scout into Snibar Hills, with seven day's rations. Have been unable to find any guerrillas so far, but find evidence of several small bands, both east and west of this place.

T. H. DODD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

