
rillas, and robbers, until all danger of raids by either the regular forces of the rebels or bands of guerrillas from the enemy's country is past.

Criminal law cannot be administered by civil courts, but must continue in the hands of the military power. A very marked change in the feelings of the people toward one another is apparent, and much of the bitterness of partisanship and enmity that existed between the original and all the time unconditional Union men and those whose sympathies, if not actually with the rebels, certainly were not with the U. S. Government, has passed away, and many citizens who were at the time I was stationed in the district about one year ago, of the latter class are now actively loyal, ready to take up arms to sustain the Government and punish those who are engaged in acts of pillage and plunder, and, unless an invasion by the rebel armies takes place, there is every indication of a speedy return of this whole district to peace and prosperity. Political partisanship will necessarily continue to create or more less dissension among the people until the Presidential election takes place.

The general trade of the country is in a healthy state, and no more goods are being brought into the district than are needed by the people. Those who raised crops last season have sold, them mostly to the Government, and the proceeds, have been used to purchase family supplies, and stock for their farms. A very large number of horses broken down in Government service have been purchased by the people of the district and are fast being recuperated and used for farming purposes, while few horses that are fit for the service are being brought in and sold to the quartermaster's department. Nearly all the proceeds, of the last crop having been expended, trade is now limited, and will remain so until the growing crop is harvested.

No trade of any kind is now carried on with Arkansas from this district and no goods are passing through, except for the trade stores at Fayetteville, permitted by Charles E. Moss, esg., agent of the U. S. Treasury. I learn from General Sanborn that very large amounts of cattle and sheep have been abandoned in Northwestern Arkansas, and that he has given orders to have them driven out with a view to their turned over to the	 trade agent here to be sold. This will largely benefit the farmers of this district, whose stock has been almost entirely consumed by the Government. The marked improvement in the general condition of this district is almost entirely owing to the excellent administration of the present commanding general, who by his firm, consistent, and energetic action has almost entirely removed the feeling of distrust and in security that existed among the citizens last year.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. MARSH,

Acting Provost-Marshal, District of Southwest Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 14, 1864.

Major O. D.. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

Colonel Harrison telegraphs from Fayetteville, at 10.30 p. m., yesterday, that Marmaduke with 1,100 men crossed the Arkansas river 15 miles below Van Buren on the night of the 12th instant, and re

