
these and all other desperadoes. The general, further directs me to assure you that he will use every endeavor with the limited forces at his disposal to accede to your request for movements of troops in your vicinity.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF STATE,

Topeka, May 14, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

DEAR SIR: Your kind favor at hand, and for myself and our people I thank you kindly for the encouragement it contained. While we have no disposition to ask unreasonably at your hands for defense here, we think the capital, archives of the State, and large amount of funds in State treasury (school funds) are inducements to raiders, and we have a very strong desire to be amply protected against any emergency of that character, and again ask, if not inconsistent with your views of the best distribution of your forces, that you give us the benefit of one company of mounted men, and with that, and a block-house for our citizen soldiers, we think we can protect the town against such a force as would be likely to come against us.

If we had the benefit of a telegraphic communication with Laramie, and Fort Riley, it would be largely to our advantage for protection, as well as a general good to the service and to this allow me to call your attention.

I am, dear general, very respectfully, yours.

W. W. H. LAWRENCE,
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, May 14, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding First Brigade, Fort Scott, Kans.:

COLONEL: I am directed by General McKean to say that orders have already been sent transferring Companies A and K, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, from Pleasant Grove to Humboldt. This transfer was made in accordance with the wishes of the major-general command of those companies. He may, however, at you option, be sent back to command at Pleasant Grove or remain at Humboldt. Should you think it necessary at any time to strengthen the station at Pleasant Grove you can send re-enforcements from Humboldt. The order for the change was made at these headquarters to save time, as a messenger was going to Pleasant Grove, and it was expected that the Indians would leave that Sac and Fox Agency for Humboldt on Monday, the 16th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

