
will locate Devil's Lake, or any other point they may select and designate north of the line before special, they will be deemed to be under the protection of the Government, and be in no manner injuriously molested by any troops of the United State as long as they adhere strictly to the terms hereinbefore set forth.

In testimony of all which we have hereunto affixed our names the day and date set forth in the column opposite each, at Fort Ambercrombie, Dak. T.

[Singed March 15, 1864, by J. R. Brown, special military agent, and 9 Indian chiefs and headmen.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Saint Paul, May 14, 1864.

I certify the foregoing to be a true copy of the original filed at these headquarters.

GEO. W. PRESCOTT,

Lieutenant, Sixth Minnesota Vols., Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsements]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Saint Paul, May 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters, for the information of Major-General Pope.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, May 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Halleck, for the information of the War Department.

The Indians thus surrendering number the larger portion of the Sioux tribes whose homes have been in Minnesota. No treaties will be renewed with them, nor annuity payments of any kind resumed. They will be located near the post to be established at Devil's Lake, under the conditions specified in this paper and under the direct supervision of the military post. They will hunt and subsist themselves as in times past, within the specified limits of territory, and no communication of any sort will be permitted with them except through the military authorities. The same disposition and arrangements, except as lo locality, will be made hereafter in this department with all Indians thus submitting.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOUTH OF RED RIVER, May 15, 1864-12 midnight.

(Received 2.45 a. m., 23rd.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Admiral Porter has just arrived. The remainder of the gun-boats will arrive to-night. General Banks will probably reach Simsport, on the Atchafalaya, to-morrow.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

