HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mouth of Red River, La., May 15, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding District of Vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

SIR: It is important that the route of the railroad Vicksburg to Shreveport should be examined as soon as possible, and so secretary that the suspicion of the enemy should not be excited. you will therefore please collect, as quietly as you can, all attainable information in regard to it, and if possible send two or three persons over or near the route for the purpose of ascertaining its exact condition. The road has been in running order as far as Monroe, and it is understood that it has been graded and prepared for the rails between that point and Shreveport, and that a small part in the neighborhood of Monroe is still used by the rebels.

The persons sent out for this purpose should be intelligent inhabitants of the country, and capable of giving an account of the condition the state of super instruction, the condition of the bridges nm bank meats, &amp;c., and also the character of the country through which it runs, with reference to military operations, supplies, &c.; the character and condition of the roads intersecting or parallel to the route, the steams to be crossed, whether fordable or otherwise, and, if not fordable, whether materials for bridging are found on the bank. Please collect also any information that may be within your reach with regard to the route from Gaines' Landing to Camden, on the Washita, and thence to Shreveport. These reports should embrace all the information essential t a correct knowledge of the routes indicated, with reference to military operations along them. You will please retain your report until I arrive at Vicksburg.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. S. R. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Choctaw Bayou, May 15, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: We shall camp to-night between Marksville and Mansure, headquarters at Marksville. Simsport is 20 miles distant. We shall make our headquarters there to-morrow night. I should

