
NEW ORLEANS, May 15, 1864.

Lieutenant G. S. MELVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

In pursuance of special orders received, troops have been ordered to report at mouth of Red River, as follows: Three regiments of infantry from Baton Rouge, three regiments of infantry from New Orleans, and all white infantry troops at Port Hudson except two regiments. The commanding officer at Port Hudson has been directed to stop the Thirty-seventh Illinois Veteran Volunteers, now coming down the river, at Port Hudson, and return that regiment to you. General Ullman has been instructed to advise you of his probable force he will send under above-named order. Transportation will be furnished by quartermaster's department soon as possible for forwarding these troops.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Choctaw Bayou, on River Road, May 15, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Defenses of New Orleans:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the army and navy arrived at this point last night. The navy leaves for Simsport by river this morning, and the army by way of Marksville and Mansura; probably will arrive on Monday. The commanding general directs that no more troops be sent to join him here, but that all available force be sent without delay to Brashear City and the La Fourche District. General Warren, with his force, is now at Fort De Russy with orders to proceed to Simsport.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, May 15, 1864.

Major J. LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch orders movement of Third Brigade, Thirteenth Army Corps. I suppose you mean Sheldon's command, which is Second Brigade, and have them in readiness to move on the Iberville at daylight to-morrow morning. No troops of Third Brigade, Thirteenth Army Corps, here.

Respectfully,

H. W. BIRGE,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, Numbers 116. New Orleans, La., May 15, 1864.

* * * * *

4. The Twenty-sixth Indiana Veteran Volunteers, just returned from furlough, will be equipped and reported without delay for duty to Major-General Canby, commanding Division of West Mississippi,

