
LEWISBURG, May 15, 1864.

Lieutenant GEORGE P. CARR,

Aide-de-Camp:

General Thayer's fleet left Dardanelle Friday noon. If the boats moved in close order they will not be down till Wednesday. If not in close order one boat ought to be here to-morrow. The arms are ready, and will be sent down first boat.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Lewisburg, May 15, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I send copies of dispatches* sent to your headquarters the past three days, and receiving no reply think the line has been tapped between here and the Rock. The operator here says that he knows of no private signal, cipher, or anything of the kind, in use on the line, and cannot tell if the line has been tapped, and for the past two hours it has ceased to work. The dispatches will explain matters as they stand here. From information received to-night there is no doubt but Shelby is in this vicinity in force.

The force that Major Clarkson met was his outpost on Cypress Creek, Shelby lying with a force and four guns on river bank near Brown's, 6 miles below here, expecting to capture the boats on their way up. I sent orders to-night to the boats on Van's Bar to return to Little Rock immediately. The battery has been shifted farther down the river, and I am greatly afraid the guns will be brought to bear on them before they get out of danger. I am confident if you receive the information as to Shelby's movements in time that it will result in the capture of his force. Is there any danger to be apprehended from McRae's command? I have not force enough here to watch in that direction very extensively at the present time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel Third Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding Post.

LEWISBURG, May 15, 1864.

Major-General STEELE,

Little Rock:

Four deserters from Shaler's regiment are here. They left their command on the 5th of this mouth below the Saline. They state that Shelby crossed the Fourche three days ago,with thirteen wagons and four pieces of artillery. They wish to go to their homes in Izard County, this State. Is it advisable to permit them to do so? I will keep them under guard till I hear from you.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

---------------

*See Ryan to Green, Part I, p. 933, and May 13 and 14, pp. 572,

590.

---------------

39 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

