
with his. I ask for the same reason that a copy of the instructions said to have been given to the provost-marshal-general of the department may be furnished me. I also ask what instructions were given to the officer commanding the depot guard at the railroad by the provost-marshal-general.

In the general order assigning me to the command of the troops along and north of the line of the Arkansas River, the staff officers of the major-general commanding the department who were to remain at Little Rock are designated; the provost-marshal-general is not one of those so ordered, and all instructions, orders, and passes to troops in this command will be given by me, except when transmitted through me from the major-given commanding in a proper manner. I am charged with the welfare of the troops designated in the order placing me in command, and I will be held responsible for any misfortune that may coma to them, and as such is my position it is my right to be informed as I have requested.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, April 6, 1864.

General NATHAN KIMBALL:

Glad to see you command north of the Arkansas. I am informed by General Sanborn that rebels and guerrillas are reported deserting Price and crossing to north side of the Arkansas. Please let me know the state of affairs, especially in the white River country, and what we gave to guard against. Can you occupy Pocahontas? If not, can I, and get subsistence up White River?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 6, 1864.

Major VAN HOUTEN,

Commanding, Lewisburg, Ark.:

MAJOR: You will at once send a company to Cadron and keep one there. I understand that the force has been withdrawn from that point. A garrison must be kept there. Colonel Ryan will leave here to-day for your post.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General.

LEWISBURG, April 6, 1864.

General KIMBALL:

The squadron at Cadron Mills was withdrawn yesterday. I send a squadron to occupy that point this evening.

H. VAN HOUTEN,

Major, Commanding Post.

