
LEWISBURG, May 15, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR, Little Rock:

GENERAL: From dispatch received last night from Lieutenant Carr I should infer that we were under your command. The last order I received was from General West, to report to department headquarters, which I have done, but have received no communication of any kind from there since receiving General West's order, consequently have been going it blind to the best of my ability.

Will you please post me and oblige,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

BROWNSVILLE, May 15, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Miner's post is 80 miles east of here. He thinks an expedition between the rivers would be a good thing, and would prevent the organization of the guerrillas, who are through that part of the country in squads of from 5 to 20, conscripting every man they can find and annoying the families of loyal citizens. Colonel Wood is here with four companies of his regiment. He has 35 mounted men. The whole of the Tenth is 1 mile east of Miner's post. If a company and the mounted men from here could be sent to report to Miner to-night, he could get off in the morning with 75 men, which every one thinks is enough. He can bring back as many beef-cattle as he can drive, and all his men can come back mounted. Colonel Wood says he can mount his regiment in two days.

H. T. PORTER,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., May 15, 1864.

Lieutenant H. T. PORTER,

Aide-de-Camp, Brownsville:

Send the expedition as proposed. Instruct them to bring in all serviceable horses they can find; also beef-cattle.

By order of E. A. Carr, brigadier-general, commanding:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., May 15, 1864.

Colonel W. A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding First Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

SIR: The colonel commanding directs me to say that he has concentrated all the troops in this vicinity at this post, and is expecting an attack from the enemy to-day. Their force is estimated at 8,000, under Maxey, and they undoubtedly intend to take us in. General Thayer with his command will be here by to-morrow noon, so that we are all safe.

T. J. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

