HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., May 15, 1864. (Received 18th.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: I have just received the inclosed order, Numbers 4,* of General Washburn. Had such an order been issued and enforced one year ago, not only from Cairo to the mouth of White River, but also from White River to New Orleans, I believe it would have done more toward conquering the enemy in the Southwest than all the efforts of our armies. With your permission I call your attention to the subject.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Missouri:

It is stated about 300 recruits of the Third U. S. Cavalry are without arms and equipments, and that there are none here for issue. They are to embark to-morrow evening for Little Rock, and it is directed that you cause such arms and accouterments and ammunition for these men to be turned over by the Twelfth Missouri Cavalry as are required to outfit them, and also horse equipments for the whole Third Regiment. You will please communicate with General Davidson on the subject.

By order of the Secretary of War:

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 15, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Lindell Hotel:

GENERAL: Your communication asking for information as to be movements of certain regiments belonging to this department, and whose movements are in accordance with suggestions contained in your letter of yesterday, is received. In reply I have the honor to inform you that the movements are now being made and with the utmost practicable rapidity. Five companies of the Third Michigan are embarking already and will leave immediately. The remainder of the regiment leaves to-morrow. It is armed and equipped as infantry. The Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry will leave Jefferson Barracks to-day for Alton to relieve the Thirteenth, which was directed by telegraph last night to be in readiness to come here as soon as the Seventeenth arrived.

I suppose it will arrive here to-morrow and report at once to General Davidson to get horses. The Seventeenth Illinois, I found this morning, has no arms at all, and it became necessary to supply the

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 4, headquarters District of West Tennessee, May 14, 1864, Vol. XXXIX.

---------------

