
regiment with infantry arms to enable it to do duty at Alton. This will delay the regiment two or three hours, but it will amount to nothing, as if the Thirteenth Illinois could be brought here to-day it could not get its horses for four or five days. Dispatching the Third U. S. Cavalry is a more difficult matter, but the chief quartermaster of transportation assures me that the entire regiment will leave to-morrow evening or early next morning at farthest. I believe you will thus perceive that everything has been done that can be to secure promptness in forwarding troops, and that therefore there is no one responsible for delay.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON BARRACKS, May 15, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two companies of our regiment have moved. Six more will go to-night. The master of transportation knows our wants and will supply them. The companies on detached service have not yet reported to us. We go by river.

J. P. KNIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Independence, Mo., May 15, 1864.

Lieutenant E. L. BERTHOUD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kansas City, Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inform you that George Todd was within 4 miles of this station last night, on the railroad between here and Little Blue. He stopped and talked half an hour with a gang of railroad hands. Some of the hands knew him well. Todd says he has 88 men and is not afraid of anything. The man that wears the shoulder-straps was with him. Todd has a large silver star on left breast. Four hours later all of his men were at a house near the same place. This is reliable. Look out for hell some place soon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUY C. MANVILLE,

Lieutenant, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Station.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 15, 1864.

Captain KEMPER,

Liberty, Mo.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your valued favor of 9th instant, and thank you for the information therein contained. I am glad to see you vigilant and active. Clean out and kill every marauding, thieving villain you find. I was not aware that Cap-

