
tain Ford's company had been placed on duty. Will see that Parkville has loyal troops if possible to obtain them. Your men must be on the alert constantly. I am quite satisfied that trouble is in preparation for us.

Be prepared to meet the rascals at the threshold, and let your determination convince them that we are in earnest-dead earned. Quiet we will have. Keep well posted touching all rebel movements; allow no strangers to come into your bailiwick without you know what they are there for. Keep your eyes on the Paw Paws, and jug the first one guilty of the least disloyal act. See that all not on duty are disarmed. Colonel Williams is unable to ascertain who has arms in Clay County, and how many Colonel Moss has distributed. I wish you to ascertain who has arms, and where they are, and what the disposition of the holders. I go to Saint Louis to-morrow; may telegraph you via Kansas City.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., May 15, 1864.

Captain I. W. STEWART,

Co. E, 67th E. M. M., Danville, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the general commanding to authorize you to call into immediate service a battalion of the Sixty-seventh Enrolled Missouri Military, composed of such officers as are of lower rank than yourself. The battalion will be solely under your command. Your will arm them as best you can, and will at once proceed to kill and exterminate al the bushwhackers and guerrillas who may infest your vicinity. This, of course, will not be done unless the state of affairs in your section may warrant; but if, in your opinion, public interest demands this, you will execute the command of this letter with the least possible delay, reporting by letter to Lieutenant-Colonel Draper for needed supplies upon entering service, and reporting the action taken upon this letter, together with results of your expeditions against the enemy, to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. T. CLARKE,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-The general upon reading over this letter, desires to say once more, "taken no prisoners."

CLARKE,

Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT JOSEPH, May 15, 1864.

Captain W. T. WOODS,

Weston, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: Your are charged with the duty of maintaining peace and quiet in the county of Platte and the river border of your command. You will increase your force from the best loyal militia of the county, under officers who do not rank you, until you have men

