
enough well armed and mounted to wage a successful war of extermination against the murdering, thieving gang of villains who are threatening your peace. Take no prisoners of that class; kill them wherever you find them in iniquity. Be prompt, vigilant, and active; select good men, maintain the best of discipline, and give assurance to the inhabitants. Colonel Williams will aid you in all necessary appointments for your command. Report to me often. Give the bushwhackers such a cleaning as will convince them that we are in dead earnest.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 15, 1864.

A. F. COX, Esq.,

Platte City, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: The communication addressed to General Hall by John W. Clark, yourself, and others, under date of 7th instant, and indorsed by the Governor to myself, has been placed before me for consideration. I believe Captain Woods to be a good, true man, and I have directed that he be authorized to increase his force in Platte County until he can wage a successful was of total extermination of the murdering, thieving villains that threaten your peace.

Quiet shall be maintained if it requires soldiers on every square mile. Thieves must be kept out, and you may rest assured that all the power in my hands shall be used in the proper direction. I hope Captain Woods will select good, true, loyal men, men of character, and also have the welfare of the country at heart and not their own personal political advancement or personal interests to specially care for. Oh for a healing tide of Christian patriotism to pass over Missouri, submerging all the differences that now separate Union men! For God's sake let us save the country first of all, then we will be Governors and off the Congress, and all that. I don't mean you and I will, but others who do want to.

Faithfully for liberty and union,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 15, 1864-10.50 a. m.

Brigadier General THOMAS J. McKEAN,

Paola, Kans.:

Citizens of Kansas City are fearful that the Sant Fe trains will be interrupted by thieves in your district. Will you please inform me if the necessary measures have been taken for their being fully protected? I suppose there are no causes for their fear, yet I desire your assurance on the subject.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

