
the other duties. He will establish such means of crossing the river as may make the communication easy and expeditions, and will have an understanding with the quartermaster's department, so that facilities can be had at short notice for crossing troops either way.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., May 16, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

CAPTAIN: Please invite the particular attention of the district commander to the following disposition of the artillery of this division:

Fifth Ohio Battery: Four guns at Pine Bluff, two guns at Little Rock.

Eleventh Ohio Battery; Six guns at Pine Bluff.

Battery D, Second Missouri: Four guns at Devall's Bluff, two guns at (unknown).

You will observe that but two are guns available for service at this point. I respectfully, suggest that the Fifth Ohio Battery, with the four guns at Pine Bluff, be ordered to report at these headquarters without delay.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, May 16, 1864.

Captain JAMES MARR,

Company K, First Missouri Artillery, Devall's Bluff:

Load your battery on the train and send the horses through by land. Call on Colonel Geiger, and the will furnish escort as he may think proper.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEWISBURG, May 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General CARR:

Shelby's loss in the Cypress was 8 killed, 1 lieutenant and 10 privates wounded mortally (number of others wounded, can't find out), and 8 horses killed. I think they have given up the idea of crossing the river for the present and have left this vicinity, going west and south, and from good secesh authority in Perryville, around the head of fourche la five for Camden. I have patrols on the river as far opposite as Brown's. I have sent orders to Dardanelle to be on the alert and to hold the post, and if necessary will re-enforce from here if advisable.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

