HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN, ARKANSAS,Jacksport, Ark., May 16, 1864.

Captain A. B. KAUFFMAN,

Commanding Expn. along course of Cache and White Rivers:

CAPTAIN: You are ordered to take command of 75 enlisted men, properly armed and equipped and furnished with four days' rations, and properly officered, to proceed east to Cache River, and

then in a southerly direction along Cache, coming back through the bottoms along White River. In this manner you will exercise the utmost sides a surprise unpardonable.

You will press all really serviceable horses and mares in the country, and none others, giving receipts to owners and keeping correct record of the same. These horses and mares you will turn over to the district quartermaster immediately on arrival and before you go to your regimental camp, giving him a list of horses and owners. You will gain all the information you can of the enemy's movements, and whenever you can kill, capture or drive him fail not to attack, and never permit your men to do any long-taw firing, but draw sabers to go into them, even if twice your numbers. Raise a yell and charge, him and you will be successful.

Capture as many conscript officers and Confederates as possible, and kill every enemy clothed in our inform or every guerrilla you encounter. Having but four days' rations at the end of your second day's marching, turn the head of your column toward Jacksonport and return here. Bear in mind that the object of your expedition is to procure horses, gain information, and damage the enemy. Do not allow your men to commit any excesses, prevent all straggling, allow no one to enter houses or yards, and let not your return here be followed by complaints of depredations by the citizens; teach the people that U. S. soldiers are not only brave, but generous and kind. Guard well all prisoners captured, and let your march reach as far south as possible. I went to August in less than a day; see how far you can go in two.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HDQRS. DIST. OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Jacksonport, Ark., May 16, 1864.

Captain T. J. MAJORS,

First Regiment Nebr. Cav., Commanding Expn. to Red River, &amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: You will give your personal attention, to crossing the whole of the force of 100 men First Nebraska Cavalry by 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, commencing early enough to accomplish the work as desired. The chief quartermaster of the district will cross you at the ferry landing and put your force on the point south side of White River. You will then proceed to the Glaize and thoroughly overhaul the whole country for serviceable horses or mares, and no other kind. You will proceed down to Red River, up to Randall's across the hills to Greenbrier, and anywhere else you hear of rebels being likely to be found. Do not divide your force, but keep to-gether.

