
Picket strongly and at some distance from camp; be exceedingly vigilant and do not be caught while feeding. When in this act keep out pickets far out, so as to get the alarm in time to mount and fight. Do not allow your men to enter yards or houses, or to straggle. Exercise the most rigid discipline, and do not let me hear of bad conduct on the part of your command among the citizens. Make early starts in the morning and travel far in the daylight, so as to prevent the enemy knowing your intentions. If you hear of any body of rebels being in Batesville, cross White River above Batersville and run into them. Tell your men what you except of them. Give receipts and keep record of the same for all good serviceable horses and mares you press, and remember that as the majority of the people in that section of the country have taken the oath, voted, and tried to be loyal, it is your duty to encourage and show them that while we are brave, we are generous and kind. On your arrival here make immediate report to these headquarters of your expedition, and turn over to the chief quartermaster of this district all the stock you obtain before taking it to your regiment, taking his receipt for same. In your movements go for rebels whenever you hear of them, day or night; follow the usual rules, killing all who wear our uniform all positive jayhawkers or guerrillas; capture and treat as prisoners of war all regular Confederates. Never parole a prisoner; you have no power to do so. Parson Good goes with you, and several guides of the Fourth Arkansas Infantry; afford them protection if they want to bring their families out, and press teams for that purpose. When you are coming back, send a courier ahead to notify the chief quartermaster, so as to facilitate your crossing. Wishing you much success, and hoping it is unnecessary to warn, you to keep strict guard over your prisoners,

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R . R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 16, 1864.

U. S. NAVAL COMMANDER,

Cairo, Ill.:

Several regiments of cavalry are en route to Little Rock, via Cairo. It is important that they should have escort of gun-boats as far as they go by water.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, ILL., May 16, 1864.

Major General A. PLEASONTON:

Gun-boats are stationed at the month of White River to give convoy to troops going up that river at the Arkansas. Do you mean that it is important that the cavalry should have escort of gun-boats from Cairo down? Please answer.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain and Commandant of Station.

