
The feeding of bushwhackers by the people is a serious difficulty, but any means heretofore used to prevent it has not had the desired effect, or in any manner lessened the evil. To remove the families takes away the only restraint that has held these villains in check.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Snibar, Jackson County, Mo., May 19, 1864.

Lieutenant E. L. BERTHOUD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kansas City, Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor herewith to make the following report of a scouting party sent out from this station on the 17th instant consisting of 1 sergeant, 3 corporals, and 17 men, they being dismounted, and had the following instructions:

First, to divide into small squads, and not let the people living in the vicinity know they were Federal troops, and, to further the disguise, they were instructed if they saw fit to visit any house not carry their carbines, but leave them with a reserve. On the morning of the 18th, while passing through a dense thicket, about 3 miles south of Blue Springs, and half a mile east of East Fork of Blue River, they discovered a house inhabited. The sergeant in command sent a corporal with 3 men, with instructions to pass themselves off as bushwhackers (the leaving their carbines with the main party) and try and ascertain where some of their party were. When within about 20 yards of the house, and in the act of getting over the fence, one of the children came to the door, and said, "Here are some Federals," whereupon they heard a general scattering in the house, and 2 men ran out the back door. Our men ran around the house and fired some 12 shots, just as they were going into the brush, and are quite positive that they wounded 1. The house proved to belong to Mrs. Charlotte Hopkins. There were also living with her two daughters and one daughter-in-law, Mrs. Mary Ann Hopkins. The last named says her husband is now in the South Army, she thinks in Texas.

Mrs. Charlotte Hopkins says her husband in Illinois, but does not know in what part of the State, which i am satisfied is all false, for the following reasons: On the night of the 26th of April last, when the guerrillas wee reported in force at or near Chapel Hill, there were 3 men came to one Mr. Lewis and said they were deserters from the rebel Army, had lost their horses near Lone Jack; also said that when they left to go South their families were living near Independence, and wished to get home and not be seen by the Federals.

Two of them gate their names as Hopkins. Mr. Lewis recognized them and knew that to be their name. Mr. Lewis gave me the following description of the men: The elder Hopkins rather short; hair grayish, a little inclined to dark; about fifty-five years of age. The younger Hopkins, a tall man, about 6 feet; perhaps, 6 feet 2 inches; black hair; black eyes. The other person, name not known, about twenty yards of age; sandy hair and dark eyes. The Mrs. Hopkins have given me a description of their husbands, and it core

