
sponds with the description I had of them exactly. Mrs. Mary Ann Hopkins says she has a brother in the Southern Army-name, Tucker. Gave me his description; it corresponds with the unknown name mentioned above.

In searching the house my men found a double-handful of rifled musket caps of the best quality. They also found tracks of women inthe bottom below the house in the direction the bushwhackers ran; also found where the bushwhackers mounted their horses, a short distance from the house, and, as our party was on foot, they could continue the chase no farther. I send the prisoners under guard to Kansas City, as I have not the men to guard them here. I am perfectly well satisfied that the bushwhackers are harbored by a majority of the people now living in this vicinity, though they generally deny it, but it is impossible for bushwhackers to live here unless some persons give them food.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. MOSES, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Station.

P. S.- Also when my men were firing on the bushwhackers, one of the children, said, " They will kill my pa.".

THOS. MOSES, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Station.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General E. B. Brown.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., May 16, 1864.

-BREITENBAUGH, Esq.,

Wellington, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of May 7 and 10. I do not intend to leave Wellington or an other portion of the country unprotected, unless the enemy force me to concentrate, and then it cannot be avoided; but to meet this I hope you will h ave a citizens' guard organized and prepared to temporarily protect yourselves. The order requiring that all camps shall be broken up is with the view to enable all our men to be on the move. All towns as large as yours have sufficient population to form their own guard, but the people inthe country must be protected by the troops. The guerrillas must not hold the country and we the towns. There are but few guerrillas in the country, and I hope there will be daily less of them.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

