HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., May 16, 1864.

Dr. A. L. TOWELS,

Miami, Saline County, Mo.:

MY DEAR DOCTOR: Returning from Saint Louis on the 14th, I had the honor to receive your communication of the 30th ultimo. It will be necessary that the" honest, loyal" citizens of Miami should be organized into a band for their self-protection. It is not intended, nor shall I permit, companies of citizen guards to be made that are not satisfactory to the Union men. The basis must be honest and loyal, but if the loyal men are willing to take into the companies men whose sympathies have formerly been with the rebellion, and they think that such men cannot be trusted, it will be left for their decision.

I have not order the company to leave your town, but I think General Rosecrans is of the opinion that a concentration may be necessary, and, in that case, it would be well that your people are in a situation to protect themselves. I shall they and visit your county before long.

With kind remembrances to Mrs. Towels and your family, I am, very truly, your friend and obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., May 16, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The rebel force that crossed the Arkansas River under Marmaduke have recrossed and gone south, except 300 or 400, who have scattered through the mountains. General Thayer arrived at Fort Smith last evening. Some Kansas troops are reported to have fought and driven the rebels on Mulberry yesterday.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, May 16, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri:

I inclose you herewith a condensed statement showing the number of and station of troops in my district. I desire to solidity in return a similar memoranda from your district. The connection which the districts bear to each other seems to indicate the importance and value of this interchange of information, as we will thus be enabled to tell where and to what extent in case of necessity, to look for aid and co-operation. In addition, I purpose to furnish you from time to time with information of any changes which may be made in stations of troops in the district, and prompt advice of all movements or demonstrations of the enemy. Our recent unfortunate reverses on Red River and in Arkansas have, in my judgment, greatly

