
County who know the country, and who will remain permanently stationed there. Please show to Mr. Henry C. Barnes, your neighbor, and assure him that the day of reckoning for rebel sympathizers in Callaway will surely come in an hour when they think not.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, May 16, 1864.

Major E. G. Ross,

Eleventh Regiment Kansas Cav., Commanding at Lawrence, Kans.:

MAJOR: I am directed by the general commanding the district to inclose for your instruction a copy of instructions* to Colonel Hoyt, commanding at Olathe, in reference to escort for Santa Fe trains, &amp;c., and to instruct you to co-operate with him in this service as indicated in that communication. It will be desirable that your escort shall go as far as Council Grove if practicable, and it will serve another good purpose to patrol the country, which it is very desirable to have done occasionally at all events. You will please confer with Colonel Hoyt in regard to the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, May 16, 1864.

Colonel G. H. HOYT,

Commanding at Olathe, Kans.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding the district to inclose a copy of telegram+ from the commander of this district to General Brown, commanding district in Missouri, who had inquired in regard to escort for Santa Fe trains from Kansas City. It is desirable to furnish such escorts for trains as far as practicable. You were telegraphed upon the subject to-day. Of course it is not expected you can furnish escorts without some notice, and you must make your own arrangements about time of starting from Westport, &c., as it cannot be expected that troops for this purpose can be sent only at such intervals as the convenience of the service will allow. You can notify Major Ross, commanding at Lawrence where he may relieve the escort by you, and the strength of the escort required, &c., and he will send to relieve at the proper time and escort the train on west as far as required by his instruction These escorts will answer a good purpose as patrols, at the same time prevent rebels from going through with the trains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

+See following.

+Embodied in Brown to Ford, p. 622.

