HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, April 6, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Pilot Knob:

Send one cavalry company to Saint Genevieve, there to take station for the suppression of acts of theft and robbery committed by scoundrels from both sides of the river. Select a company the men of which are orderly, and commanded by an officer fit for such a responsible separate command. Report your action by telegraph, and if for any reason you are unable to send such a company, state why.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., April 6, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: I respectfully make the following explanation, for the information of the major-general commanding, in reference to the horses and mules left by Shelby's raiders in October last, and now in the possession of citizens in this district. In consequence of the losses to loyal citizens of horses and mules, by Major-General Schofield's approval I directed the provost-marshal to allow such parties to retain the same number of disabled animals left by the raiders as they had lost, and the assistant provost-marshals were directed to issue permits for the purpose of protecting the citizens in the possession of the animals.

As is usual many persons availed themselves of this order to obtain the possession of contraband animals to a greater number than they had lost, and, in some cases, parties who had sustained no losses had them in their hands, which, during the past winter, as the facts became known, were from time to time taken possession of for the use of the Government, by my order. Through a misapprehension at the assistant adjutant-general's desk, an order was issued which caused the seizure of a few animals that were legitimately held, but as soon as it was reported, they were returned and the order corrected. This is the cause of the complaints made to your headquarters.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., April 6, 1864.

Honorable G. W. HOUTS,

Representative, Warrensburg, Mo.:

SIR: Your communication of the 30th March to March-General Rosecrans, indorsing a remonstrance of the Union citizens of Knobnoster against General Orders, No. 12, has been referred to me. You and the gentlemen who signed the remonstrance misapprehend the wording of the order and its object. The order says that all "honest men who will support and defend the Government of the United States will be organized for local defense and police." General Orders, Numbers 19, in reference to this organization, directs that

