HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., May 16, 1864.

Major E. W. WINKOOP,

Commanding Officer, Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours dated Fort Lyon, May 9, announcing your arrival, &amp;c., and I am directed by the colonel commanding to say that in repairing quarters you will have to be cautious about incurring expenses, as he last year applied to headquarters department for the privilege of doing the same thing, and it was refused on the ground that fort Lyon was only a temporary post. Do what can be doen without incurring much expense and what it absolutely necessary.

Antiscorbutic have been sent by the sanitary commission of Denver, and besides this, the colonel has ordered Captain Thomas to purchase 10,000 pounds of potatoes for the use of the troops at Fort Lyon, and these are now on the way down. You cannot turn over the ordnance and ordnance stores at Lyon to the ordnance officer at Denver, as there will have to be constant issues of ordnance stores at Lyon, and you have no authority to order him to issue or turn over such stores; and besides this, he is here and could not trust to any one to do business so important without occasional personal supervision.

If there are Cheyenne Indians in your vicinity you will see whether they participated in any of the thefts committed by that tribe, either on the waters of the Platte, Republican, or Smoky Hill. If they did, they should be punished; if not, and if they commit no offense, of course they will not be molested, but must be watched. You had better send for the name of the author of letter you sent me, and see to it that no one lets the Indians have any liqueurs. If this young Bent comes around, it will be well to take charge of him until you are satisfied. If he has been in the Confederate service and still talks in this way, it won't do him any harm or injustice to be put in guard-house in irons awhile anyhow.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. MAYNARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., May 16, 1864.

Lieutenant J. S. MAYNARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Military District of Colorado:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, that I am in receipt of dispatch from district headquarters, of date of May 12, 1864, in reference to threatened invasion of rebels, in regard to Lieutenant Eayre, &c. Of Lieutenant Eayre I have not heard; have forwarded dispatch directed to him to Fort Larned. I have made every arrangement to prevent a surprise at this post, as well as to gain information in regard to the movements of the enemy, by establishing a strong picket down the Arkansas and sending scouts in the direction of Red River. So many men being required for outpost duty, I would respectfully suggest the removal of the command at Camp Fillmore to this vicinity. There being no citizens employed at this post a large detail of soldiers is required in the quartermaster's depart-

