
ment. Will keep in constant communication with headquarters and any important report from my scouts and pickets will immediately forward.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Fort Lyon.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 17, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Near Spotsylvania, Va.:

You telegram of yesterday, in relation to General Banks, has been received. Nearly all of your wishes in this matter have been anticipated. Canby has general command of Departments of the Gulf and Arkansas. Banks was ordered to New Orleans and Franklin put in command of the army. It is rumored that Franklin is wounded. If so, Reynolds or A. J. Smith will take his place. The latter has been made a major-general for that purpose. Canby has full authority to make any changes in commanders he may desire. It is also arranged with Sherman that Canby shall use any troops or transportation belonging to the former on east bank of the Mississippi. Telegram from Sherman last night, saying that he had captured Resaca, and that Johnston was in full retreat. Expects to reach Kingston to-night.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,May 17, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the division desires to place in the field, as soon as possible, as large a force as can be assembled in this division. The Nineteenth Army Corps, and such other troops as can be spared after garrisoning points that must necessarily be held, will constitute a part of this force, and will be assembled at once at some point on the Mississippi River, to be selected with reference to healthy location and convenience in moving and supplying it. All detachments from the Nineteenth Corps, and from other commands that may be designated for service in the field, will be relieved and sent at once to the rendezvous. The equipment of these troops will be completed as soon as possible, and with special reference to mobility.

No supplies will be furnished that are not essential to health and efficiency, and care will be taken that the men are not encumbered with clothing that cannot be carried int he knapsack or on the person. The baggage of all officers must be reduced to conform to that of the men. The strength of the Nineteenth Army Corps will be increased by assigning to it any unattached regiments or battalions that may be on duty in the department. The proportion of

