
cavalry, artillery, and engineers will be determined hereafter. If any cavalry regiments are dismounted under the provisions of existing orders, they will be assigned to the Nineteenth Corps.

The force in your department will be concentrated as much as possible. All points not of vital importance will be abandoned, and their garrisons added to the field force, or concentrated at some eligible point and held in reserve. It is the policy of the Government to maintain a force in Texas, but the condition of this policy will be satisfied if a single point be held. The points to be retained will be strongly fortified, adequately garrisoned,a nd so supplied as to be able to withstand a siege of considerable duration. Your view upon these points and any information in relation to the service in your department are requested as early as possible.

The detachments of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, under Brigadier General A. J. Smith, will be relieved from duty with your command, and General Smith will be ordered to report at these headquarters for orders. The major-general commanding desires me to add that he will be pleased to receive from you any suggestions which your experience enables you to make.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, Numbers 44. Callahan's Plantation, La., May 17, 1864.

1. This command will march to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock, on the road to Simsport, in the following order: First. Nineteenth Army Corps. Second. All the trains in the order indicated by previous orders from these headquarters. Third. Thirteenth Army Corps. Fourth. Detachments of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps. Fifth. The cavalry will march in rear and on the flank of the column. Each separate command will halt at Yellow Bayou until camp can be indicated by a staff officer from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Banks;

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Simsport, May 17, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires you to direct Colonel Robinson to destroy the enemy's works on Yellow Bayou to-morrow. If more force is needed, you will direct Colonel Dickey to furnish the necessary details. General Smith has been ordered to protect Colonel Robinson while executing this order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

