
LITTLE ROCK, May 17, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: The enemy is reported to have bridges on the Saline at Jenkins' Ferry, Mount Elba, and Long View, and a considerable force of infantry at these points. They are probably there to cover the movements of their cavalry, which is crossing the Arkansas in detachments. They will probably concentrate and make a raid on the railroad between here and Devall's Bluff. I could easily prevent this but for the want of cavalry and cavalry horses. More than one-half of my cavalry are dismounted. Part of my veteran regiment, Third Iowa, has been delayed at Memphis; 600 or them are here. I desire that they may be ordered here immediately. We have about 1,000,000 rations here.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Have a copy of this made for General Wasburn, and direct him to use his judgment as to the points at which troops can be most efficiently used. Troops are now being sent up the river in considerable numbers, and will be available for service in Arkansas, but the emergency may be such as to require immediate action in keeping General Steele's communications open.

[E. R. S. C.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, May 17, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN, Commanding Sixteenth A. C., Memphis:

GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry is reported crossing the Arkansas in detachments, probably for the purpose of concentrating and making a raid upon the railroad between here and Devall's Bluff. For want of sufficient cavalry and cavalry horses I cannot catch them or prevent their crossing. Shelby was near Lewisburg yesterday and had a fight or a sharp skirmish with the Third Arkansas Cavalry. McRae will probably cross White River and join Shelby and Company; if you could send a cavalry force down Crowley's Ridge and disperse his force-about 800 or 1,000-and follow up to Clarendon and Cotton Plat, it would be of great assistance to me. Why is that detachment of the Third Iowa Cavalry veterans delayed at Memphis? They belong to my corps and about 600 of them are here. We have a force at Jacksonport; they have supplies.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., Numbers 106. Little Rock, Ark., May 17, 1864.

* * * * * *

VIII. Brigadier General Cyrus Bussey, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Brigadier General E. A. Carr, commanding District of Little Rock, for assignment to duty.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

