
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 17, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Commanding at Lewisburg:

COLONEL: Your dispatch just received. Fall back on this post. Were there any stores at Dardanelle? Where is the steamer Dove?

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., May 17, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Colonel RYAN,

Commanding, Lewisburg:

Fall back as ordered by General Steele. Bring you cannon and carbines. Keep patrols and pickets well to your rear and a heavy rear guard. Skirmish the enemy heavily, if he advances. He cannot overtake you in strong force. Your dispatch just received. I think the flat a good idea; will try to send scout to meet it and another to meet you.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., May 17, 1864.

Major G. F. LOVEJOY,

Third Arkansas Cavalry:

MAJOR: Colonel Ryan is evacuating Lewisburg and sending your arms and ammunition down the river on a flat-boat. You will proceed early to-morrow morning up the Arkansas on the south side to meet this boat. The Arkansas bends to the southwest about 20 miles from here, which will be the most dangerous place for the boat. You will go above the mouth of the Fourche la Fave if you do not me the boat sooner.

After seeing the boat safely past this bend, you will scout toward Perryville and south of that point to obtain news of the enemy, and report anything of information with the utmost expedition. Shelby has taken Dardanelle and is probably across the river. I wish to know whether any heavy force of rebels is following him. You will also send 3 or 4 men acquainted with he Lewisburg road to these headquarters to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, May 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General SALOMON,

Commanding First Division, Seventh Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will send out small parties of observation under active officers to-morrow on all the roads in your front to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy and what he is doing. Shelby has

