
taken Dardanelle and crossed to the north side of the Arkansas with four pieces of artillery. Do what you can to make your cavalry force as effective as possible.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Numbers 5. Little Rock, Ark., May 17, 1864.

I. Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 105, paragraph IV, headquarters Department of Arkansas, will report to Brigadier General J. R. West, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

II. Brigadier General Cyrus Bussey, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 106, headquarters Department of Arkansas, current series, will report to Brigadier General F. Salomon, U. S. Volunteers, commanding First Division, Seventh Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

III. By direction of the major-general commanding an expedition will be organized, to consist of all available mounted men of the escorts of Major-General Steele, Brigadier-General Carr, West, and Salomon, with enough from the Tenth Illinois Cavalry to make up 250 aggregate, to start early to-morrow morning on a scout against guerrillas. The commanders of the details from each escort will report at these headquarters at 7 p. m. to-day.

IV. the commander of the post of Little Rock will assume command of all recruits, white and colored, in and about the city, and will see that they are regularly and thoroughly drilled, and also that they perform their share of guard and fatigue duty.

V. The cavalry remount camp at Devall's Bluff is hereby transferred to the charge of the chief quartermaster's department of Arkansas for use of a general recuperating camp. The details now on duty will remain till further orders.

VI. Instead of going down the river, the expedition under Captain Snelling will proceed on the Lewisburg road, on the north side of the Arkansas River, to meet Colonel Ryan's Third Arkansas Cavalry. When joined by Captain G. T. Snelling, Colonel Ryan will send a sufficient guard with his cannon and stores to Little Rock, and with the remainder of the force will reconnoiter and harass the enemy and ascertain his strength and intentions, and report everything of importance, particularly any design on the railroad, in the most expeditious manner.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., May 17, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

CAPTAIN: There are small detachments of the Sixty-second Illinois, Third Minnesota Infantry, and Eleventh Ohio Battery at this place. I respectfully ask authority from the district commander to

