
order these detachments to report without delay to their respective commands at Pine Bluff. This will, to some extent, necessitate the withdrawal of the Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, and also of the remainder of the Fifth Ohio Battery, from Pine Bluff, of which I spoke to the general commanding yesterday.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF ARK.,Little Rock, Ark., May 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. P. OHR,

Commanding Sixty-first Illinois Infantry:

COLONEL: I left at the headquarters of your regiment this morning a certified occupy of paragraph III of the Special Orders, Numbers 4, 1864, District of Little Rock. Under that paragraph you will assume, as the ranking officer, command, in conjunction with that of your own regiment, of the Fifty-seventh U. S. Infantry (colored), and of a cavalry detachment of some 75 men now on duty in your vicinity. You are also authorized to control all officers of subordinate rank to yourself, and all enlisted men temporarily sojourning at or near the railroad depot, on the north bank of the Arkansas River.

Under General Orders, Numbers 3., 1864, District of Little Rock, it is within your province to appoint a provost-marshal for your command; and by General Orders, Numbers 5., from same headquarters, you have my permission to make such regulations about permits for officers and soldiers to leave camp as you may deem necessary. With your cavalry detachment you will picket your entire front east, north, and west. You must see that the horses of this detachment are properly foraged and the men properly supplied with subsistence. Each regiment of infantry will picket its own front, under your supervision. You will supply train and depot guards and fatigue parties in equal proportion from both your infantry regiments, but will not associate the two upon any other than fatigue duty.

You will require the commanding officers of the Fifty-seventh U. S. Infantry (colored), and of the cavalry detachment, to make a daily report to you of the strength of their commands. A small piece of ordnance will be placed at your disposition by the captain of the steam ferry-boat. Locate it in charge of your depot guard. Should the enemy threaten you in very large force suddenly, the firing of this gun, night or day, will place at your immediate disposal the ferry-boat, as a means of retiring your command to this side of the river. You are recommended to see the captain of the boat and have this point clearly understood. You are to hold the railroad depot and all U. S. property within your lines against the enemy, until all hope of a successful defense is abandoned. If you are compelled to retire you must destroy everything that you can, and leave as little to fall into his hands as possible. Please make an examination and report of such earth-works as might, in your opinion, if constructed, contribute to the defense of your position.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

