
Provisional Regiment, in there to take charge of and organize, arm, and feed the home guards, of whom I think there are enough to hold the country. He informs me that you had ordered all these companies to Fayetteville, and he did not want them to go. Had you any particular purpose in ordering them there? I think it would be better to leave [them] in that section, if possible. The Second Arkansas will be out and rendezvous in the vicinity of Cassville until the horses are recruited some. They should be out six or eight days and then can assist you. The whole country north of the Buffalo Fork is desolated, and all the Union people are out, except the home guard. Let me know your purposes and views. Sergt. Lewis K. Winchester's sick leave has been extended to June 10. I forget the company of your regiment. War news good.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WARRENBURG, MO., May 17, 1864-9.35 a. m.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD, Pleasant Hill, Mo.:

Signs of guerrillas are reported in eastern part of Jackson County. A scout of 40 men, First Missouri State Militia, are int hat section of country. You will arrange that scouting parties will move so as to protect all former stations. The clerk of Cass County writes to me that he has moved the records from Harrisonville to Pleasant Hill. Can't you protect that and other points fully, and at the same time carry out General Rosecrans' instructions to have your main command concentrated?

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., May 17, 1864.

(Received 8 a. m., 18th.)

Brigadier-General BROWN, Warrenburg, Mo.:

I cannot protect Harrisonville the way my troops are now stationed. The two companies that are stationed in the southern part of Bates county are hauling forage from here; distance, 45 miles. Would it not be well to move them to Harrisonville and let them scout from there south? We have large scouting parties, both mounted and on foot, in eastern Jackson, also in western Cass. Large scout leaves here for the Grand and Osage to-morrow early. Would advise not to abandon Snibar Station; it is a good point.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., May 17, 1864.

(Received 10.30 a. m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrenburg, Mo.:

Sent scout yesterday 30 miles, with instructions to scout in a westerly direction 12 miles, and thence north on tributaries of Little Blue and in vicinity of Fire Prairie Lake, to be absent three days. Also sent scout yesterday, 30 men, southeast direction, via Lone Jack, with instructions to leave 15 men dismounted in Snibar Hills

