
with seven day's rations. They will scout on La Fayette County line and through Snibar Hills generally. Scout returned from easterly direction last night; found no enemy, but found where two small bands had passed, going north. I shall send scout this day on Big Creek.

THEO. H. DODD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, MO., May 17, 1864.

(Received 9 a. m.)

Captain STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Scout returned last night. Another will leave to-day, scouting east and south on the Big Blue.

J. C. W. HALL,

Captain, Commanding.

CASSVILLE, May 17, 1864.

General SANBORN:

Captain Ray has just returned from a scout. He went to Bentonville, thence to Pineville. He learned nothing of any large force of the enemy, but ascertained that rebel Missourians are collecting on White Rock Prairie, near Pineville. They expect to be about 50 strong and to leave for Johnson County, Mo., about the 19th. A squad of 30 crossed the Wire road near Keytesville yesterday, going in the direction of Pineville.

J. HACKETT,

Major, Commanding.

FAYETTEVILLE, May 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

I am somewhat in the dark as to the intentions of the rebels this side the river; the country swarms with them, and I learn from rebel sources that Stirman and others are either in the country or expected soon. Some movements lead me to believe they are concentrating, as their total absence for several days from favored localities. There must be at least 2,000 scattered in an arc of 60 miles square. I can learn nothing from farther west than Cane Hill. Fayetteville would be impregnable if I had troops enough constantly in town to man all my fortifications. I also need two pieces long range artillery very much.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

FAYETTEVILLE, May 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding:

Did not know of your arrangements in regard to home guards. I only wanted them in detachments long enough to muster, organize, arm, and ration them and send them back. If you have done this

41 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

