
the end is accomplished. I did not intend to keep them here more than one day. My plan is to keep them near home to operate, reporting to me or other proper person by letter once or twice a month, and as large a number as may be kept raising crops. My plan here is, if you can assist, to put up stockades on Pea Ridge and at Cross Hollow, and station a few troops at each place to protect mail carriers and telegraph repairers, &amp;c. I have a good home-quard company on west of Pea Ridge who give protection to that country, and farmers are doing well. Captain Miser is commanding. Bushwhackers are increasing southeast and south of me.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

DANVILLE, MO., May 17, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on yesterday, the 16th, a stranger of a rebel appearance came to the house of D. W. Baker, who lives 7 miles east of Danville, Montgomery County, Mo., and demanded something to east, which was given him. He then asked the way to Moore's Mill, which is in Callaway County. He then went out to the farm and asked the contrabands the way to Hermann, and went that direction. On the 15th, a party of 4 men, dressed in Federal uniform, went to the house of one Tatum, 6 miles north of New Florence, in said county, and robbed him and his wife of all money in their possession. Tatum is a rebel and they claimed to be Federals. And also, on the 15th, a party of 8 armed rebels crossed the Missouri River at Coal Creek, about 3 miles west of Hermann, coming in this side, and made their way in the direction of Portland. They are said to be perfect dare-devils. And also, on the night of the 4th, a horse was stolen from one James Craig, who lives in the southwest part of Montgomery County. He (Craig) traced his horse to near Williamsburg, a rebel town in Callaway County.

The most observing Union men of this county (Montgomery) think the rebels are endeavoring to organize themselves somewhere in Callaway or the southwest part of this county, in such a manner as will oppose the forces now distributed over the county, and rob and kill Union Men, and thereby intimidate us in the coming election. It is thought that they are already spotting members of the Union League of America in this county, and especially in this town (Danville). The records of the county are here and could easily be consumed by fire. Rebels would like to have their bonds (for loyal behavior) destroyed. They are almost all well armed, either with shotguns or revolvers. General, I respectfully but earnestly recommend and independent organization of some kind, say for 100 days, for this county, and permission for the loyal men, as militia, to disarm all rebels in this county. It is proper to state that many of the Enrolled Missouri Militia under the last enrollment are disloyal. If such arms and authority is given us, we will use them judiciously, but not conservatively.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

L. A. THOMPSON,

President Daville Council, U. L. of A., for the State of Mo.

