HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 17, 1864.

HOWARD MERCER, Esq., or

IRA DUNHAM, Esq.,

Plattsburg, Clinton County, Mo.:

GENTLEMEN: You petition praying for the establishment of a military post in your vicinity is this day received. I am directed by the general commanding to say in reply that he is soon expecting troops sufficient to enable him to accede to your request and post a force in your vicinity. In the event of their not coming as now expected, provision will be made to organize a sufficient protective force from the loyal militia of the county.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., May 17, 1864.

(Received 1.20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

General McKean telegraphs that Colonel Blair's command yesterday attacked party of guerrillas 35 miles southeast of Fort Scott, killing 3 and wounding several. Our troops still in pursuit.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, KANS., May 17, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding First Brigade, Fort Scott, Kans.:

Give my thanks to both the officers and men of the detachments you sent against the guerrillas yesterday, and have the surgeon forward furloughs for thirty days for the 2 wounded soldiers as soon as they are able to travel.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Dist. of South Kansas.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Larned, Kans., May 17, 1864.

ASST. ADJT. General, DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,

Paola, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, at the present time, I have every reason to believe that the Cheyenne Indians will commence hostilities against the whites in a very few days. They have all left this vicinity and gone to the Platte country for the purpose of preparing for war, and numbers of their tribe, who are known to be friendly to the whites, and who have attended their councils, say that an attack will be made at an early day. They are at this time about one day's travel from this post. with the garrison at my command it is impossible for me to render any assistance in the way of escorts, and, unless there is a cavalry force sent here, travel across the plains will have to be entirely suspended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. PARMETAR,

Captain, Twelfth Kansas Volunteers, Commanding Post.

