HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Simsport, May 18, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHANDLER,

Chief Quartermaster:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that as soon as the bridge is completed over the river you have your trains move over the park at the place designated by Lieutenant-Colonel Abert, assistant inspector-general at these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Simsport, May 18, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BAILEY:

COLONEL: A brigade of cavalry has been ordered to cross the bridge as soon as completed. Troops will not cross at present. Wagons will be pushed over vigorously.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

Numbers 45. Simsport, La., May 18, 1864.

1. The Sixteenth and Thirty-fourth Indiana Volunteers, now at the mouth of Red River, will at once proceed to Carrollton, La., and report to the commanding officer at that post. They will proceed upon the transports they are now on.

* * * * * *

4. The Nineteenth and Thirteenth Army Corps, the Cavalry Division, and colored troops will at once cross to the east side of the Atchafalaya in the following order (the infantry will be ferried across by boats to be designated by Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Chandler, chief quartermaster): First, the Nineteenth Corps; second, the colored troops; third, the Thirteenth Corps. The cavalry, artillery, and wagons will cross the bridge of boats in the following order: First, cavalry; second, artillery; third, the wagons trains. The Fourth Brigade of the Cavalry Division will remain on the west bank of the river until all the troops above mentioned shall have crossed. Brigadier General Richard Arnold, chief of cavalry, will notify Colonel Davis when to cross. The crossing will commence at once and will continue day and night until completed.

5. As soon as the troops indicated in paragraph 4 of Field Orders, Numbers 45, from these headquarters, have crossed to the east bank of the Atchafalaya, Brigadier General A. J. Smith will embark his command on transports. Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Chandler, chief quartermaster in the field, will furnish as many boats as General Smith may require above those belonging to his own command.

* * * * * *

