
SIMSPORT, LA., May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detach. 16th and 17th Army Corps:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that a movement will be made in the morning by the Cavalry division, supported by General Lawler's corps, to pass beyond the right flank of the enemy to reach the cut=off in his rear. He directs that your order the cavalry in front, immediately upon the receipt of this order, to report to General Arnold, to participate in this movement. He also directs that you remain in the position you now occupy, or fall back this side of the bayou, whichever, in your judgment, may seem best. You will notify him of the position you adopt. General Emory has been ordered to hold himself in readiness to support you in case of a demonstration in your front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Simsport, May 18, 1864.

Major G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dept.:

MAJOR: I have been unable to withdraw the Fourth Brigade of my command, as ordered by the chief of staff last night, on account of a question of command. General Smith refused to permit the brigade to move to this side of Yellow Bayou through his lines. To-day I receive for information a copy of an order to Brigadier General A. J. Smith, directing that Colonel Davis' command, the Fourth Brigade, be withdrawn to this side of Yellow Bayou, but I understand that compliance with he order has been withheld. His command has suffered severely, and has urgent need of recuperation. I respectfully request that it be retired to camp inside of the infantry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF THE GULF,Near Simsport, La., May 18, 1864.

Major G. B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit below a copy of letter from Colonel Davis, commanding Fourth Brigade, Cavalry Division, in addition to the application which I have just made that the command be retired for rest:

I respectfully request that my command be relieved from duty and allowed to return to camp, for the following reasons: For five days and nights my men have been almost constantly in the saddle, and during that time the horses have had but one ration of forage. Since daylight this morning we have been in the saddle and engaging the enemy, and both men and horses are exhausted and actually suffering.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General.

