HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Simsport, May 18, 1864.

Major G. B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to recommend that a brigade of cavalry be at once sent across the river on boats, with their transportation, camp and garrison equipage, and supplies. It is not improbable that the enemy may send a force across the river below here to harass the left of the army line, held by my command, and a brigade of cavalry placed in camp on the other side can prevent any evil results from such movement, and in addition might inflict serious injury upon the enemy should he attack the left of my line across the dike at the mouth of Yellow Bayou.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Simsport, May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General R. ARNOLD,

Chief of Cavalry:

In accordance with your suggestion, you will please send a brigade of your command to encamp in the position indicated upon this side of the river.

By order of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Simsport, May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General R. ARNOLD,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: You will move with your command to-morrow morning, at as early an hour as practicable, supported by General Lawler's corps, with whom you will communicate to-night in order to have a thorough understanding, across the bayou by the dike, beyond the right flank of the enemy, endeavoring to gain to cut-off in his rear. You will furnish General Lawler with a guide. Colonel Davis has been ordered to report to you immediately. Having carried out the above, you will follow the verbal instructions given you be the major-general commanding, and you will communicate them fully to General Lawler. A full supply of ammunition will be carried.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, May 18, 1864-11 a. m.

Lieutenant MELLVILLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Div. of West Miss.,

At mouth of Red River, via Port Hudson:

In pursuance of instruction received from Major-General Banks, commanding department, dated 15th instant, three regiments of the

