
In other parts of the district the same spirit has been manifested, and there are good reasons for believing that in a very short time the people of the county will be prepared to protect themselves and enforce the mandates of the civil courts, and thus relieve the Government from the necessity of keeping a large body of troops in this part of the State. As the only opposition that has heretofore been manifest against the enforcement of this order has proceeded from one or the other of the two classes whom it is intended to protect the "loyal, honest people" from injury, and this the only instance where formal objections have been raised by gentlemen of intelligence and respectability, whose loyalty is undoubted, I have thought proper to answer you thus fully, in order to secure, if possible, the co-operation of all good men in an object so desirable as the peace and quiet of the country.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Clinton, Mo., April 6, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN:

COLONEL: Inclosed find reports from Companies K and E, which speak for themselves. Lieutenant Goodbrake has just returned. The excitement at Huntingdale was occasioned by a party from Springfield looking up forage. He tracked them up, so the alarm was causeless. Do you not think parties of the kind coming into our district should be required to report? Had the people of honey Creek been armed, they might have fared badly. Men should not travel about of nights without making themselves known. These men came in at night, and the first seen of them was the trail. We are all on foot again. I will send my muster-rolls as soon as all the officers sign the oath. Old Father Marvin is absent, and was elected first lieutenant.

I am very anxious that the Honey Creek company may be armed.

Your friend and servant,

HENRY NEILL,

Major First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

[Inclosure No. 1.] HDQRS. CO. K, 1ST CAN. Regiment, MO. STATE MILITIA, Osceola, Mo., April 6, 1864.

Major HENRY NEILL:

SIR: Yours of 5th instant was received in due time. Pleased to learn that the provost-marshal is on hand. All perfectly quiet in and about our station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

BEN. F. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Station.

P. S. - Paper scarce, major.

[Inclosure No. 2.] Troops stationed at Germantown, Mo., April 6, 1864: Company E, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry: Available force present for duty, enlisted men, 30; commissioned officers, 2; aggregate, 32.

5 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT III

