
as the width between the bluffs,a nd the parapet is much diminished by the curtailment of the line of defense. Five of six heavy guns should be immediately mounted in the redoubt (interior), so as to bear in that direction. These, with the two columbiads already bearing in that direction, would, I think, effectually prevent the maintenance of any enemy's batteries on that shore. There are one or two 8-inch Dahlgren guns and one columbiad up there without carriages. Hence, four heavy guns and seven carriages would have to be sent up there to meet the necessity.

Third. The working of the artillery up there is very fair, and that of the light batteries excellent, but no opportunity has yet occurred to practice at target and get the ranges of the different distances from the new line of work, the troops at present covering the whole ground in front of them. The general in command says that he will prepare a way for the practice as soon as possible.

Fourth. Upon the whole, Port Udson is in fine condition for defense, and excepting what is said in reference to the rear of the work it is everything that can be desired. At Baton Rouge, the field-works around the arsenal are sufficient for good defense, excepting some trifling repairs and alterations required about the embrasures. The artillery in them works well, considering the short time the regiment (First Indiana Heavy Artillery) has been organized, but, as a general thing, Baton Rouge would be defended outside of these works, especially if the line of rifle-pits were somewhat extended and the work around the arsenal held as a last resort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

BATON ROUGE, May 18, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans:

The following dispatch received from Red River:
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,May 17, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Baton Rouge:

The commanding general directs that you will send no more troops from your command to the mouth of Red River. The army of General Banks has arrived at Simsport.

GEO. S. MELVILLE,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The following dispatch I am directed by General Canby to forward:

MOUTH OF RED RIVER, LA., May 16, 1864.

Surg. H. L. SHELDON,]

Medical Director, New Orleans, La.:

Please send to this point, for use of Major-General Banks' command a supply of canned milk and beef tea, hospital clothing, ice, and castile soap, for 6,000 men; invoice to medical purveyor of General Banks' command. Please notify the agent of U. S. Sanitary Commission that an assortment of their food and supplies will be very acceptable.

EDW. P. VOLLUM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Medical Inspector, U. S. Army.

Steamer City of Memphis has passed below with latest news.

H. W. BIRGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

