SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Numbers 6. Little Rock, Ark., May 18, 1864.

I. The detachment of the Third Iowa Cavalry will report for duty to Brigadier General F. Salomon, commanding First Division.

II. The Eighteenth Illinois Infantry and the Fifth Ohio Battery, now at Pine Bluff, will immediately take up their line of march for Little Rock, crossing to the north side of the Arkansas River. The train taken to Pine Bluff by Lieutenant W. P. Haines, acting assistant quartermaster, will come up under escort of the troops.

* * * * * * *

VIII. Battery K, First Missouri Light Artillery, Captain J. Marr commanding, will report to Brigadier General J. R. West, commanding Second Division, for duty.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Little Rock, Ark., May 18, 1864-2.30 a. m.

Major JOHN A. LENNON,Commanding Third Brigade:

MAJOR: You will send out small parties of observation under active officers on all the roads in our front, to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy and what he is doing. these parties will start as soon as daybreak and as much earlier as consistent.

Shelby has taken Dardanelle and crossed to the north side of the Arkansas with four pieces of artillery. If the detail from the Third Missouri Cavalry sent yesterday to the tan-yard has not yet returned let them abe withdrawn without delay. Push forward to the extreme front three small parties, to consist of the men best mounted, and let other and larger parties follow, not going too far.

Instructions received from district headquarters are in the woods used above, "Ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy and what he is doing." Let, therefore, the entire country from the bounden road on the right to the river on the left be thoroughly scouted.

As these parties return the officers will immediately report in person at these headquarters. Much is necessarily, but very confidently, trusted to your discretion. these parties of observation are not to turn back at mere rumors nor at meeting two or three of the enemy's scouts, but at the same time they are to be prudent and avoid all unnecessary risk of capture. Let officers and men be particularly charged to use the carbine as little as possible. Let no shot be fired where there is not reasonable certainty of its taking effect. This caution, always in place, becomes all the more necessary from the fact that parties will be on all the different roads, and one party should not be intimidated by any unnecessary demonstrations from another. Officers must hold their men well in hand. Let the parties be directed to return at least before night sets in.

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

GEO. W. BURCHARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

