
SAINT LOUIS, May 18, 1864.

Colonel GRAY,

Adjutant-General, State of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to communicate to your headquarters the following facts: Some 20 or 30 men, clothed in U. S. uniform, are in the southwest part of Franklin County, pretending to be men of General Steele's command. They are buying horses and saddles and pay for everything they get in greenbacks. Having no authority to call out the militia, I most respectfully ask you to take measures to have this matter investigated.

I am, sir, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

A. KRUMSICK,

Colonel, Commanding Fifty-fifth Prov. Enrolled Missouri Militia.

[Indorsement.]

General EWING:

This is a case which seems to demand immediate attention. Cannot you start a detachment of the Seventh Kansas, well armed, at once? The men are evidently guerrillas (if the statement be correct that men are there at all) and ought to be wiped out at once. The detachment might start on the cars this evening.

By order, &amp;c.,

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., May 18, 1864.

General GUITAR,Rolla, Mo.:

The Ninth Minnesota Volunteers is ordered to be concentrated here to be sent to the front at once. Give necessary orders for sending forward with dispatch all that portion under your command.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General Brown, Warrensburg, Mo.)

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN.

Commanding District of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to desire you to take means to establish a system of co-operation of the troops under your command with those in Kansas under Brigadier-General McKean, whose headquarters are at Paola, Kans. The commanding general desires that in all operations against organized forces of the enemy or bands of guerrillas, when it is practicable, your force may act in concert with General McKean's and that your intercourse with him may be of a cordial and active nature. Should it become desirable that General McKean's forces should cross within

