
INDEPENDENCE, MO., May 18, 1864.

(Received 9 a. m.)

General E. B. BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

I have the honor to report 14 men scouting on foot in a northeast direction from this station on the Little Blue.

GUY C. MANVILLE,

Lieutenant, Second Colorado Cav., Commanding Station.

FAYETTEVILLE, May 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding District:

Mail riders from Fort Smith report that messengers came in to Van Buren while they were crossing the river, with news that Marmaduke and Shelby attacked and captured Dardanelle day before yesterday. No particulars. There is no telegraphic communication either way. Wire reported down for a long distance about 15 miles this side of Van Buren, also both sides of Cross Hollow; it is utterly impossible to keep it up with dismounted escorts; they follow and cut while repairers are putting it up. To-day my men found a black flag flying near Cross Hollow, and this notice pinned to it:

We will kill all men that pass this road, and woe be to the man that takes down this flag.

J. W. COOPER,

Captain, Bush.

I have used 2 miles of wire in last week, and have less than half mile left. We are entirely out of insulator, and can do no more repairing until we get some. The operator says he has repeatedly reported this to Saint Louis. If possible, I wish you would send a company or two, mounted, to stay near Cross Hollow. They can get rations and ammunition here, if necessary. I am satisfied preparations are being made to attack this place, and I need re-enforcement. Major Hunt had started here with my first battalion, but I am informed has been detained to protect Van Buren, where an attack was hourly expected. I have all the citizens and spare troops at work completing forts, and will hold the town at all hazards. Several old citizens are not far from here, Alf. Wilson, Colonel Stirman, Gunter, and others. Rebel women are unusually active,a nd make frequent visits to the country. Send cavalry down the Wire road, if possible.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., May 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,Saint Louis, Mo.:

The following just received from General Curtis:

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 15, 1864.

GENERAL: The bearer, Captain Fitzgerald, is the officer who ferreted out Colonel Winston. He has heard of another, and I want him to have a fair chance and due credit for what he does. He is entirely reliable, and a man well acquainted in

