
Western Missouri. Why does nothing appear to move in Brown's district? Party after party came up into the vicinity of Lexington, and that is the last I hear of them. If the bushwhackers are permitted to hatch there, we will have the devil to pay this summer.

There should be a large accession of unquestionable troops brought into the border counties of Missouri to neutralize doubtful ones. Can't say get General Rosecrans to do this?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

I have sent Captain Fitzgerald to Fishing River, Clay County, where there is a rebel camp. He is an officer of Kansas cavalry. I have sent Hornbeck, a detective, with him. Will report from time to time.

W. T. CLARKE,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. EIGHTH SUB-DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL, Fulton, Mo., May 18, 1864.

Major JAMES F. DWIGHT,Provost-Marshal, District of North Missouri,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report to you that I have made a requisition on Major Leonard, at Fayette, Mo., for force sufficient to break up the bushwhacker bands in this sub-district. The forces stationed here are out scouting day and night, but they are not sufficient to do much, as their number is so small. They consist of 47 men of Company L, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Captain T. L. Campbell commanding. Fifteen of these men are not mounted, and are, in consequence thereof, only serviceable for post duty. the balance of the company is on detached service, which leaves only 32 men for actual service, which force is entirely too small to do the scouting required.

The men of this company are all very good and willing for all duty, and are, in my humble judgment, at the right place, as a good many of them are recruits in this county and are well acquainted with all the roads and localities in this county. I would most respectfully ask your aid to have the rest of this company sent here. there are between 40 and 50 men of the Enrolled Missouri Militia in this county, all of them good, loyal men, and in fact the only men who enrolled this year for active duty, and if they could be called into service under Lieutenant David M. Dunlap here, I have no doubt that we would not only take care of this sub-district, but also break up all these marauders and bring at least a large portion of them to justice, as we would have a vast advantage in having men who are familiar with all the by-roads and every hiding place, as well as all disloyal persons in the sub-district where the bushwhackers generally get their supplies and provisions.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. D. LUDWIG,

Assistant Provost-Marshal.

