
cer at this post, I have the honor to submit the following information of interest to the general commanding the district: I assumed command on the 14th instant. A detachment of 20 soldiers, in charge of First Lieutenant Van Antwerp, Company L, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, having previously, at the request of the civil authorities of Davis County, been detailed to assist in arresting citizens charged with murder, returned to this post on the 15th, with 17 citizen prisoners, which were this morning turned over to the civil authorities for trial. I received intelligence to-day that Indians had been committing depredations in the county west of this post. The facts are sufficiently set forth in a copy of an affidavit herewith inclosed. I have sent Lieutenant Clark, Company H, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, and Lieutenant Van Antwerp, Company L, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, with 30 men, to investigate the matter, and as soon as they report, will advise you of anything of interest that may have transpired.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELISHA HAMMER,

Captain Company G, Seventh Iowa Vol. Cav., Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

STATE OF KANSAS,

Davis County, ss:

This day personally appeared before me, P. T. Taylor, probate judge of the county and State aforesaid, A. A. Morrison, of lawful age, who, being duly sworn, deposes and says: I reside in Saline County, Kans.; I left home yesterday morning; on reaching Abilene this morning I found there a number of settlers from Smoky Hill River, who had fled in haste from their homes during last night, and who stated that there was a report that wild Indians in large force were approaching the settlements from the direction of Fort Larned in a hostile manner, and that one man named Walker had been killed at Cow Creek Ranch. It is further reported that another man named Praber had also been killed. The terror among the frontier settlements is general, and unless aid is afforded the probability is that all the settlements will be abandoned, if the settlers are not murdered. The families at Abilene are those of Gash, Humbarger, Parker, Trasper, Osborne, John McReynolds, and others.

A. A. MORRISON.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 18th of May, 1864.

P. T. TAYLOR,

Probate Judge, Davis County, Kans.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Larned, Kans., May 18, 1864-12 m.

ASST. ADJT. General, DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, Kans.:

SIR: I have just received information that the Cheyenne Indians have, within the last day [or two], made a descent upon Rath's ranch, 32 miles east of this post, carrying off the stock belonging to Mr. Rath and the mules belonging to the stage company.

J. W. PARMETAR,

Captain, Twelfth kansas Infantry, Commanding Post.

