HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,Commanding District of Minnesota:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 13th instant has been received. Your letter on the same subject was forwarded to General Sully ten days since, with instructions to him to report to me at once the present and prospective condition of the Missouri River, in order that, if necessary, arrangements might be made to contract for the forwarding of supplies needed for the post at Devil's Lake from Minnesota. He was also directed to be sure and have proper arrangements made to bring the force you send from Minnesota to join him to such point in time that they will meet with the necessary supplies. Concerning the column you are to send to the Missouri, therefore, you need entertain no apprehension.

You will be informed in time concerning the supply of the post at Devil's Lake; mean time execute the orders you have already received on that subject. I learn, however, from the Saint Louis papers of the 16th instant that the Mississippi is very high and rising at that place, and that the Missouri River has 8 feet to Leavenworth and fully 5 feet to Omaha. It is therefore believed that the springs rise will soon make the Missouri navigable for the class of boats which Sully is using. I have received also a copy of the agreement with the Sissetons and Cutheads, which is approved, with the understanding that the "former peaceful and friendly relations with the Government" referred to do not imply that any payment of annuities is to be resumed or permitted.

The fact of the surrender of the lands at the head of the Minnesota and Lake Traverse by these Indians will be reported to the War Department, and such remuneration therefor as may be deemed judicious and harmless (by no means money remuneration, under any circumstances) will be recommended. The kind of remuneration recommended and the manner of its application, if granted, will be hereafter communicated to you. You are to understand distinctly, general, that the Indians who have thus surrendered are to be considered exclusively under the charge of the military authorities, and no communication with them will be permitted except through the same authority. No treaties nor annuity payments to them will be renewed without the order of the President or the Secretary of War, communicated to you through these headquarters.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., May 18, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state for your information that Major Hatch's battalion, after a long detention in awaiting the movements of the steamer on the Red River, where the water is at an exceedingly low stage, reached Frog Point, about 90 miles below Fort Abercrombie, on the 10th instant, from which the march would be made overland, so as to reach that point on 15th or 16th, in time

