
to relieve the companies of the Eight Minnesota Volunteers at Abercrombie, Pomme de Terre, and Alexandria, so that they with the remainder of the regiment will be enabled to concentrate at Fort Ridgely on 28th instant, the day designated for the assembling of the entire expeditionary force for the march to the Missouri.

I regret to be obliged to state that the whole country is parched up in consequence of unprecedented lack of rain at this season, and thus far there is hardly the appearance of grass upon the prairie, which may seriously impede the march of the column by the failing of the animals in strength, as a necessary result of want of forage. If the Missouri region has not been visited with more rain than we have, I have grave apprehensions lest the movements of Brigadier-General Sully by very much retarded. I trust that in no case will there be any failure in forwarding subsistence for the troops from this district to the designated point of juncture, as they will leave Fort Ridgely with but thirty days' rations.

I have no advices from General Sully since he left Saint Louis for Sioux City. A part of the Sioux refugees, if not all, still remain in the British settlements about Fort Garry, and they avow their intention to do all the mischief they can to our people. The mail carrier was fired at on his way from Abercrombie to Pembina, about ten days since, by 2 Sioux, a ball passing through his clothes, and he only escaped by the speed of his horse. The mail was left behind by him and was found and burned by the Indians, the lock and other portions of the iron-work of the mail-bag having been subsequently picked up by our men. My predictions of last winter of the course which would be pursued by these wretches, who were saved from starvation by British subjects only to renew their raid upon our settlements, are too apt to be realized, and I shall be happily disappointed if, as soon as the grass is sufficiently grown for purposes of concealment, they are not found renewing the outrages of 1862 on our frontiers, so far as they are permitted to do so unchecked.

Surely our Government owes it to our citizens who are exposed to the merciless cruelties of these monsters in human shape, along our extensive border, to insist that the British Government shall immediately adopt the most prompt and summary measures to restrain these outlaws from seeking a refuge from pursuit upon British soil. I shall dispose of the few troops I shall have at my disposal to cover the settlement as effectually as practicable, but it is evident that all exposed points cannot be guarded. I shall dispatch the four companies intended for the James River post as soon as possible after the departure of the expedition, and a like number to Cheyenne River, as you have directed. The stage of water is so very low that steamers do not attempt the Minnesota, and it is with great difficulty that any but small boats can ascend the Mississippi River to Saint Paul.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, May 25, 1864.

Respectfully transmitted to Major-General Halleck.

JNO. POPE,Major-General, Commanding.

