HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., May 18, 1864.

Mr. G. RENVILLE,Scouts' Camp, Sunk Lake:

I send you instructions for Paul Muzzah-kutem-annee and Frank Le Claire to come down and join the expedition against the hostile Indians on the Missouri. The others will remain in your camp until further orders. There will be troops sent soon to James River and the Cheyenne. You must be careful not to allow any of the friendly Indians to stray away form your camp, or they may be killed by the soldiers. As soon as you see my soldiers you must hoist a white flag and let them know who you are, so that no mistake may occur. Let me know by return of Alexis La Framboise all the news about the Indians, &amp;c., and should you kill any more Indians who are trying to do mischief do not allow your men to scalp or cut them up, for that is not like white men or Christians.

Major Brown has arrived here, and will go with the expedition.

Your friend,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SIMSPORT, May 19, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Division of West Mississippi:

MAJOR: In compliance with letter form headquarters Division of West Mississippi to Major-General Banks, of 18th instant, referred to me, I have the honor to submit the following report: The troops available for engineer operations in this department are one company of pontoniers (white) and five regiments (colored). The pontonier company, Captain J. J. Smith, has been enlisted about two monts. It has its own train, with tools and wagons and 180 feet of bateau bridge complete. It is under the orders of the chief engineer of the department. It is now with the army in the field. The five regiments are the Ninety-fifth, Ninety-sixth, Ninety-seventh, Ninety-eighth, and Ninety-ninth U. S. Infantry (colored). They have habitually been under the orders of the chief engineer of the department, except when temporarily assigned by the major-general commanding to some general in the field. Each has its own regimental train only, and when put in the field is furnished also with entrenching and some mechanics' tools.

These regiments are now disposed as follows: The Ninety-fifth constructing and repairing field-works at and near Brownsville, Tex., on plans furnished by its own officers. It is now under the orders of the chief engineer. The Ninety-sixth is similarly employed at and near Pass Cavallo. I understand this part of Texas has been evacuated, and infer, without knowledge, that this regiment is now awaiting orders near New Orleans, in which case I shall recommend that it be sent to Port Hudson. The Ninety-seventh and Ninety-ninth U. S. Infantry (colored) constitute the Engineer Brigade in the field, under command of Colonel G. D. Robinson, of the Ninety-seventh. They have 28 wagons and 270 spades, 245 picks, 790 shovels, and 425 axes and 4 chests carpenter tools. I inclose the last orders received concerning them (Field Orders, Nos. 4 and 30), by which they appear to be under command of Colonel Bailey, chief

