
engineers Nineteenth Army Corps. The Ninety-eighth U. S. Infantry is constructing field-works at Berwick City, on plans furnished by the chief engineer, under whose orders it is. After this work is completed, it is intended to send the regiment to Port Hudson to finish the work there.

In New Orleans is a new canvas advance-guard boat train, about 600 feet long, with its wagons and equipage complete. With the Ninety-fifth U. S. Infantry (checkered), at Brownsville, is about 80 feet of an old India-rubber pontoon bridge, so worn as to be nearly useless, and quite unfit to be sent into the field. Other remains of the same bridge are in New Orleans. With the Ninety-sixth U. S. Infantry (colored), at Pass Cavallo, are 200 feet, and with the Ninety-eighth U. S. Infantry (colored), at Berwick City, are 100 feet of the same wooden bateau bridge, of which the 180 feet with Captain Smith's pontoniers have been already mentioned. These are all the bridge trains in the department. A captain and acting assistant quartermaster assigned to the engineer department procures from the chief quartermaster of the department such tools and materials as he can, and keeps them on hand in New Orleans, or expends them on the field-works, and attends to their transportation. Others are paid for by myself, with funds furnished me by the U. S. Treasurer at Washington, on my estimate and requisitions, approved by the Chief Engineer of the U. S. Army at Washington. Such funds can only be expended for the works for which they are remitted, and are not available for the wants and uses of an army in ;the field. the colored troops have had some experience in bridge building and construction of earth-works, but are ignorant of all sapping and mining, and could only be useful as laborers in the operations of a siege with their present instruction.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN C. PALFREY,

Captain of Engineers, U. S. Army.

U. S. STEAMER, CHILLICOTHE, Simsport, La., May 19, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

SIR: The admiral has directed me to send the gun-boats St. Clair to him immediately. The St. Clair is below the bridge of steamboats, and I have the honor to request, in Admiral Porter's name, that you will have room made for that vessel to pass through the bridge. The St. Clair will proceed to the bridge. The St. Clair will proceed to the bridge as soon as possible, to pass through at the place most convenient to you.

Very respectfully,

WATSON SMITH,

Lieutenant-Commander and Senior Officer present.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Simsport, May 19, 1864.

LIEUTENANT-COMMANDER U. S. S. CHILLICOTHE,

Commanding Fleet in Atchafalaya:

The commanding general desires me to request that, if possible, you will supply the steam-boats now engaged in ferrying troops

