
NEW ORLEANS, May 19, 1864.

Lieutenant G. S. MELVILLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Div. of West Mississippi:

Orders in relation to forwarding troops received. None are forwarded except detachments of recruits and men returned from furloughs who belong to regiments in the front. This is done to fill up organizations.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

(Forwarded from Port Hudson.)

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 19, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE:

Your dispatch of the 17th is received. I am informed of very considerable re-enforcement on the way to you from Saint Louis, which I trust will put you all right without the co-operation you ask from me. I shall be glad to co-operate always, but I have been informed that Forrest has returned to West Tennessee with increased force. I want all my cavalry here to watch and take care of him; besides, as soon as I can I am ordered to make a cavalry raid into Mississippi. The Third Iowa was ordered to report here to me; I know not why, except that they knew that my wants were great. the Third Michigan Cavalry, which belongs to this corps, has been ordered to report to you.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 7. Little Rock, Ark., May 19, 1864.

1. Until further orders no one will be allowed to pass outside of our lines in any direction, except such as are on business for the army, and are known to be trustworthy. All persons coming to the pickets from the outside will be brought inside, and will not be allowed to go back with information of the location of the pickets. Persons trying to pass out, against whom there is the location of the pickets. Persons trying to pass out, against whom there is the slightest suspicion, will be sent to the nearest provost-marshal. This order will be communicated only to those whose duty it will be to aery it into execution.

2. All the cavalry now on expedition north of the river and railroad will be under the orders and control of Brigadier General J. R. West, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEWISBURG, May 19, 1864.

Generals STEELE and CARR:

Captain Snelling arrived here at 2 this a. m. Yesterday noon I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, Fourth Arkansas, via Galley Rock, and Captain Clear, Third, via river road, to Norristown, if they

