
of guerrillas need be apprehended. You will encounter many difficulties and vexatious delays, for these unfortunate citizens are very poorly supplied with teams, and I commend you to be forbearing in your intercourse with them, always bearing in mind the hours of misery most of them must have passed through.

At the same time you will urge them, by exceedingly early movements in the morning of each day and traveling to a late hour each evening, to make as long marches as you can possibly make out of their stock. Guard them well; keep out an advance, rear, and two flank guards; picket your encampments prudently, and be alive to the importance of delivering them in Missouri without accident. Whenever it is in your power to assist them, do so in such a cheerful, kindly spirit as will impress on their minds the nobility and generous character of the Government for which they have forsaken their firesides, and instruct your officers and men to do likewise.

On your return press every serviceable horse and mule in the country, but only those which are really serviceable; take mares, but no ponies. Give receipts for all taken, keeping a correct record of them, to be turned over to the district quartermaster on you arrival here. In this connection take care to distinguish between loyal and disloyal men, so classifying them on your list. Prevent your men from plundering or straggling, and maintain the most rigid discipline, ever bearing in mind that the conduct of our troops on the march leaves an indelible impression on the minds of our defenseless citizens. Promptly arrest and punish all violators of discipline, and fear not to be severe, for rest assured you will be supported in maintaining good order by me. Inasmuch as your rations will last but ten days, it is important that you time your movements and the distance traveled each day in accordance with this fact.

Fail not to attack the enemy if within any reasonable distance of you, when you have positive knowledge of his whereabouts, and his force is not over twice your own; kill all guerrillas and such of the enemy as you find in our uniform. You are permitted to deviate from a direct march on your return to accomplish any damage to the enemy, and I leave the safe conduct of the train, the pressing of a large number of horses, and the greatest possible damage to the enemy in your hands and judgment, well knowing you are fully equal to whatever emergency may arise.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cav. Vols., Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, May 19, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, JR.,Commanding Saint Louis District, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am directed to inform you that one company of the Ninth Minnesota Volunteers will leave Rolla to-day for this point. It would be well telegraph to Pacific, directing the company of this regiment there to accompany the one from Rolla.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

