
WARRENSBURG, MO., May 19, 1864-1.10 p. m.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I shall leave here for a visit to the border to-morrow.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., May 19, 1864.

(Received 10.40 a. m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

One scout from here, 35 men, with a commanding officer and ten days' rations, on the Grand; one from Johnstown, 30 men, on the Osage. The Snibar Hills are full of our scouts. I do not consider Independence safe. Most of the citizens have no rams or ammunition, and would make a poor fight. We have not troops enough in this sub-district. Only have 53 men here for duty this morning; the balance on escort and scouting duty. The two companies at Johnstown are without forage. Shall I order them up to the Grand or Harrisonville, where I can furnish forage from this place? Please answer.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 19, 1864-11.10 a. m.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Pleasant Hill, Mo.:

There is good grazing at Johnstown; with a little corn from the northern portion of the district, horses will do well. Move your scouting parties so as to throw them into Independence if necessary.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF OLATHE, Olathe, Kans., May 19, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,Commanding Fourth Sub-Dist., Dist. of Central Missouri:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose copies of my instructions in regard to the escort of trains, and the telegram from the general commanding this district to Brigadier-General Brown;* also copy of my instructions to my officer at Shawnee Mission. By these you will perceive that I am to be reasonably notified of the time and place when trains will be turned over to me. This may be done by notifying Captain Joy, Eleventh Kansas Volunteers, commanding officer at Shawnee Mission, who will be at all times in readiness to start a detail with train to this place.

---------------

*See Hampton to Hoyt, May 16, p. 628.

---------------

