
Hoping this arrangement will meet your approval and administer to your convenience, I have the honor to subscribe myself, your friend and obedient servant,

GEO. H. HOYT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF OLATHE, Olathe, Kans., May 19, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,Shawnee Mission:

SIR: You will from time to time be informed, by commanding officer at Kansas City, of the time when Santa Fe trains will be turned over to you for escort to this place, and will, when such trains report, detail a sergeant and 10 men to protect each train so reported to these headquarters, when the detail will be relieved. You will cause the details to be provided with cooked rations. Forage can be provided at this post for them on their arrival by arrangements with Mr. Warren. You will instruct the sergeant in charge of each detail, on approaching Olathe, to send 1 man ahead to give timely notice of their approach in order that the escort here may be in readiness.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. H. HOYT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 19, 1864-6.10 p. m.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Commanding, Sedalia, Mo.:

Until further orders, headquarters District of Central Missouri will be in the field. Communications will be addressed, as heretofore, to Warrensburg.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

JAS. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 19, 1864-10.30 a. m.

R. A. BROWN, Esq.,

Harrisonville, Mo.:

Your letter received. It is not the intention to leave Harrisonville, or any other place, unprotected, but to change the mode by reducing the number of camps and giving more troops for scouting. The scouting parties will now be in and about your place at all times. There should abe no want of protection under this arrangement, but the people and country will be better protected than under the former mode. I shall leave here for Pleasant Hill to-morrow and will be there on Saturday. Lieutenant-Colonel Dodd will forward this dispatch.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

