
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, No. 3. Macon, April 6, 1864.

In compliance with General Orders, No. 45, Department of the Missouri,* I hereby relinquish the command of this district to Brigadier General C. B. Fisk, U. S. Volunteers. In doing so I desire to return to the officers and men of the command my thanks for their prompt and efficient and men of the command my thanks for their prompt and efficient discharge of duty, and their general good conduct and soldierly bearing. In dissolving my official connection with the larger portion with and by me through the "long, dark night" of the impending struggle, I sever one of the strongest cords that ever entwined itself around my heart. The blood of your comrades has watered almost every battle-field in North Missouri. your name, wherever it has gone, has not only been the terror of rebels but the harbinger of protection to law and law-abiding citizens. Your eagle has never stooped in the face of an enemy, and your bugles have yet to sound the retreat.

Actuated by the same lofty principle, exalted devotion, and high courage, preserve untarnished the honorable name you have humbly yet justly earned. To the loyal and law-abiding citizens of North Missouri I tender my grateful acknowledgments for their cordial and hearty support and co-operation in the discharge of the responsible trust confided to my hands. The success and fidelity of its administration I submit to the judgment of an enlightened and impartial future. The relation which I bear to you as a citizen will justify a word of counsel. Your future peace and well-being is in your own hands. To preserve the one and promote the other you must remove from your midst the causes which engender the necessity of troops among you. you must submit to the constituted authorities, civil and military; if this err you have your redress. By this, I do not mean to imply that you are to submit to the illegal demands of the bandit and outlaw; these it is your duty to resist "unto death," whether it is intended thereby to deprive your of or hinder you in the exercise of a legal right. I trust you will accord to my successor that confidence and support which he merits, and that he may be able to preserve the peace of the district and protect all its loyal and law-abiding citizens.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, No. 4. Macon, Mo., April 6, 1864.

In compliance with orders from Major-General Rosecrans I hereby assume command of the District of North Missouri. The District of North Missouri comprises the portion of the State lying north of the Missouri River. Headquarters of the district will be established in the city of Saint Joseph on and after the 8th instant.

The following staff officers are announced:

Captain George A. Holloway, assistant adjutant-general.

First Lieutenant W. T. Clarke, First Nebraska Cavalry, aide-de-camp.

First Lieutenant A. J. Harding, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, aide-de-camp.

Changes in the district staff will be announced hereafter.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

---------------

*See Part II, p.731.

---------------

