
at least 20 men from the garrison at Madelia. The frontier outside of the line of settlements must be kept well secured, and in the movements of all troops you will see that they march as light and as rapidly as possible. It is to be hoped that not one of these red devils will be allowed to escape; that every one of them will be destroyed; and the brigadier-general commanding relies on your energy and determination to accomplish this object.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mouth of Red River, La., May 20, 1864.

(Received 3.45 p. m., 26th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

The army from Red River was delayed in crossing the Atchafalaya by the high water and insufficient pontoon equipage. The crossing was completed to-day, and the army is now moving across to the Mississippi. I returned to this place this evening, and will leave for points above to-morrow. Brigadier General A. J. Smith had a spirited engagement with Polignac's (rebel) division on the 18th instant, defeating it and driving it several miles, and capturing 300 prisoners.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Simsport, May 20, 1864.

Rear-Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: The transports here have been engaged in ferrying troops, and have in this way used up all their fuel. I would be much obliged if you would send a barge of coal to resupply them. Some will leave as soon as they can get the coal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK, Numbers 195. Off Mouth Red River, May 20, 1864.

General Orders, 80 and 141, are hereby revoked, and until further orders the districts and vessels belonging to the districts will be as follows:

First district.-From New Orleans to Donaldsonville, composed of the following vessels: Essex, Alexandria, General Price, Argosy, St. Clair.

Second district.-From Donaldsonville to Morganza, composed of the following vessels: La Fayette, Juliet, Chickasaw, Kenwood, Ouachita, Avenger, Nymph.

Third district.-From Morganza to Fort Adams, composed of the following vessels: Choctaw, Gazelle, Neosho, Ozark, Winnebago, General Bragg, Little Rebel, Fort Hindman, Cricket, Naiad.

