
Fourth district.-From Fort Adams to Natchey, composed of the following vessels: Chillicothe, Cincinnati, Champion, Siren, Lexington, Undine.

Fifth district.-From Natchez to Vicksburg, composed of the following vessels: Benton, Pittsburg, Judge Torrence, Curlew, Mound City, Rattler, Forest Rose.

Sixth district.-From Vicksburg to Arkansas River, composed of the following vessels: Louisville, Marmora, Romeo, Prairie Bird, and two other light-draughts.

Seventh district.-From Arkansas River to Memphis, composed of the following vessels: Hastings, Tyler, Silver, Cloud, Naumkleag, Queen City, Linden, Fawn, Exchange.

Eight district.-From Memphis to Columbus, composed of the following vessels: Carondelet, Osage, New Era, and one other light draught.

Ninth district.-From Cairo to head of Tennessee River, composed of the following vessels: Tuscumbia, Tawah, Ellen, Peosta, Key West, Paw Paw, Rob Roy.

Tenth district.-Cumberland River and the upper Ohio, composed of the following vessels: Brilliant, Moose, Victory, Fair Play, Springfield, Reindeer, Silver Lake.

The vessels of one district are not be ordered away by the commander of another district, unless it can be shown that a great emergency exists for so doing; but commanders of districts will cooperate with each other, and when occasion requires render all the aid and assistance in their power.

Observe and carry out the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 84.

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

GENERAL ORDERS, U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK, Numbers 197. Off Mounth Red River, May 20, 1864.

The late order of the Secretary of the Treasury permits persons to bring cotton from within the lines of the enemy, but does not give permission to land more than a limited quantity of family supplies. All officers are directed not to interfere with the cotton trade, but to afford protection to vessels getting it off. No vessel will, however, be sent up any river, bayou, or creek for the purpose of aiding any cotton dealers, who, if they land in such places, do it at their own risk. All that will be required of commanders will be to see that no articles contraband of war are landed, and that steamers do not carry persons away from landing places without permits or passes either from naval officers or from military commanders.

D. D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

GENERAL ORDERS, U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK, Numbers 198. Off Mouth Red River, May 20, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. Canby has been ordered to command the troops in the Department of the Gulf, and from Cairo to Red River, and

