
all officers under my command will co-operate zealously with him, give him all information with regard to the movements of the enemy, and call upon him at any time for assistance.

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Simsport, May 20, 1864.

Captain R. W. FRANCIS,Commanding Headquarters Troops:

CAPTAIN: Camp will be broken up immediately. You will accompany headquarters on the Universe.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 47. Simsport, La., May 20, 1864.

* * * * * * *

III. The 20 and 30 pounder Parrott batteries ordered on board of transports will march from this place under charge of Brigadier General William H. Emory, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps.

IV. The Thirteenth and Nineteenth Army Corps, the Cavalry Division, and the colored troops will march from this place to Morganza, on the Mississippi River, under the command of Brigadier General William H. Emory, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps. The men will take three days' rations. As much forage will be taken as there is transportation for. The days' marches will be slow, and every measure will be taken to save the men. The time of starting will be indicated in future orders.

* * * * * * *

VIII. Paragraph V of Field Orders, Numbers 45, form these headquarters, directing Brigadier General A. J. Smith to embark his command on transports, is revoked. General Smith will cross the Atchafalaya and march his command to the mouth of Red River, where he will report it to the major-general commanding the Division of West Mississippi. The time of starting will be indicated in future orders from these headquarters.

* * * * *

XI. As soon as the command of Brigadier-General Emory arrives at Morganza, Brigadier-General Arnold, commanding Cavalry Division, will endeavor, if possible, to march his command to Donaldsonville, through the Gressetete country. General Arnold will subsist his command as far as possible on the country.

* * * * *

XIII. Transports of this command now at this place will proceed, under direction of Captain C. G. Sawtelle, assistant quartermaster, to Red River Landing. The boats of General Smith's fleet will then take on such troops and Government property of his as may be on other boats. The boats of this fleet will take on such troops and Government property as may be on the boats of General Smith's

