
to water, but have no cover for an enemy, and should have a good, open range; should be capable of being extended by rifle-pits to accommodate a larger force, and should be, if possible, in a healthy place. The above conditions cannot probably be all of them fulfilled, but part of them can.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., May 20, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,Brownsville, Ark.:

No news from Colonel Ryan since 12 o'clock last night. He was then at Lewisburg. The line has not been working to-day. Your first news of Shelby will probably come from Major Lovejoy, unless the lines reopen to Lewisburg. Should this telegraph line fail, you will exercise command of all forces in your reach as far as you deem necessary. Colonel Geiger's scout camped at Arkansas Post night before last. Found nothing but small bands of guerrillas. I think you had better move to Austin to-morrow unless something new turns up.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., May 20, 1864.

General WEST,Brownsville:

The last dispatch from Colonel Ryan, received late last night, makes Shelby's force 1,300; no other near.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BROWNSVILLE, ARK., May 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General CARR:

I find that I shall be unable to move from here until to-morrow unless there is urgent necessity. My men have been kept up all night by clumsy arrangements on the railroad. Have sent to Devall's Bluff for 10,000 rations. There are five wagons here, and with the supply left in reserve here I can push out with confidence. Mean time we may be getting some news. Just received the following from Major Lovejoy:

CAMP AT BATESVILLE AND DES ARC CROSS-ROADS, May 19, 1864-7.30 p. m.

GENERAL: Arrived here at 4.30; 31 miles from Little Rock. Can learn nothing of Shelby. There are 90 bushwhackers in three companies in this vicinity. Shall move west in the morning if I get no news to-night. It is 90 miles from Dardanelle to this place.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

