
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 20, 1864-1 p. m.

Major LOVEJOY,

Commanding Third Arkansas Cavalry:

MAJOR: Do not think of falling back to Little Rock or Austin. You have done very well so far, but must keep it up, and if possible, do more.

Colonel Ryan is now at the crossing of the Cadron; will start at once, and will follow and attack Shelby and harass him constantly. You must do the same thing. Shelby appears to be moving toward Clinton with 2,500 men and four 10-pounder Parrotts. It is reported here that he started for Missouri, but that the rebel authorities have since ordered him back on account of reverses which they have met with on the Red River. We must not let him cross the Arkansas, at least with his artillery.

General West is at Brownsville, and will probably move to Austin to-morrow. Rebel reports say that Richmond is surrounded by our troops.

The above is by order of the brigadier-general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Brownsville Station, May 20, 1864.

Colonel W. H. GRAVES,Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The part of this division now here will move to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock, in the following order: The detachment of the Eighth Missouri Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Lisenby, is instructed to form front, flank, and rear guards. Infantry and artillery will move in column thus: Pioneer corps, with two companies of Twelfth Michigan Infantry as advance guard; the Twelfth Michigan Infantry, Marr's battery, the Fifty-fourth and Sixty-first Illinois Infantry, supply train of eight wagons, the One hundred and sixth Illinois Infantry, with two companies as rear guard.

You are charged with forming all the column, except the cavalry; that the command moves promptly at 6 a. m.; that company commanders, when the column is at the route step, march at the rear of their companies; that no straggling is permitted on any pretense whatever; that the usual halts are made for rest; that regiments ambulances accompany their regiments, and, finally, that the command be kept well together, ready at all moments for offense and defense.

I particularly enjoy upon you on all occasions to enforce quiet and to suffer no loud talking by the men. I do not fear the enemy, but I do disorder among ourselves; repress that and we have secured success.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

