
can judge of better than I. The quality of the troops with me would determine the number. Five hundred men at each place would be the minimum, with one piece of artillery. The supplies could be taken from Clarendon to Devall's Bluff by water and convoyed by gun-boats. Each train without a sufficient escort would be liable to be cut off. The flat county, the narrow roads, the impenetrable thickets of brush and cane afford concealment for guerrillas at every step. At this time Colonels McRae and Dobbin and other Confederates have a much larger force of cavalry between White River and this place than I have. My mounted force for duty is: Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, 284; Sixth Tennessee Cavalry, 77; Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, 40; total, 401; so that, retaining the troops for a picket guard for this post, an escort of 300 is all I could furnish. Colonel Dobbin is now encamped near Indian Bay, on White River, with a larger force.

The people on the route are all rebels, implicated in purchasing the property and horses and mules stolen from the leased plantations. If this route is to be opened and maintained, I would destroy all the supplies in its vicinity. I respectfully suggest to you the abrogation of all the trade stores on the Arkansas and White Rifers, and to allow no trade on the Mississippi until peace is restored. I have advocated this policy for one year, and the inclosed order* of General Washburn is the first evidence I have ever had of agreement with my policy. If you could end me a capable engineer officer, it would enable me the better to carry out any of your plans. Such a one may be found in the volunteer service. I have on one here who ever made a map or a bridge.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mouth of Red River, May 20, 1864.

Brigadier General ROBERT ALLEN,Chief Quartermaster, &amp;c., Louisville, Ky.:

Vicksburg will be the depot for troops operating in the Red River country. General Steele's deficiencies of land transportation should be filled at once. In the Department of the Gulf there is sufficient. I will give you notice in season of the water transports that will be required.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mouth of Red River, La., May 20, 1864.

Colonel T. J. HAINES,Chief Commissary, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Vicksburg will be the depot for the troops operating in the Red River country. A supply of subsistence for 40,000 men will be kept up at that place until further orders.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See foot-note, p. 611.

44 R R-VOL XXXIV. PT III

---------------

