
Springfield, Mo., May 20, 1864.

Colonel J. D. ALLEN,

Commanding at Mount Vernon:

SIR: It appears from dispatches from Major Burch, commanding at Neosho, that the force of the enemy has been greatly exaggerated there. Unless you have later information of the enemy, contradicting this report, you will retire the company of Enrolled Militia you have called into service within the last few days.

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

Very respectfully,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., May 20, 1864.

Major MILTON BURCH,Commanding at Neosho, Mo.:

SIR: A detachment of 100 has been ordered from Cassville to your support. since it does not appear that you need them, you will immediately order them to return to Cassville and report to the commanding officer at that post unless later developments of the operations of the enemy render their service necessary with you.

Hereafter, in ordinary cases, you will send your dispatches for these headquarters via Cassville, from which place they can be telegraphed to these headquarters. If, however, you think there is danger of a communication eying captured, you will send it both by Mount Vernon and Cassville. Communicate all information of importance to Colonel Allen as [well as] to these headquarters.

By direction of the general commanding:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, May 20, 1864.

Lieutenant CLARKE:

I cannot get away from here for Saint Joseph until I can see General Rosecrans, who is now in Illinois. I must know what I can depend upon in relation to troops before I return to the district. We are now waiting intelligence on that point from Washington. I hope Colonel williams will succeed in catching and killing the murderers. Captain Holloway is en route for Saint Joseph; come down when he arrives, bringing all the mail needing my attention, as well as my private letters, unless I advise you that I am about to return.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 20, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAMS:

I see by the morning papers that there is much uneasiness at Saint Joseph, that murders are frequent, and much serious trouble antici-

