
2. Brigadier General A. J. smith will detail a regimental and medical officer to proceed to New Orleans for the purpose of having such of the sick and wounded as belong to his command and can bear transportation transferred to Vicksburg. The respective staff corps will furnish the necessary facilities.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mouth of Red River, La., May 21, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,Commanding District of vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the division commanded by Brigadier General A. J. Smith has been ordered to Vicksburg, at which place it will arrive in a few days. The division will require to be refitted with clothing and camp and garrison equipage, and I am instructed to request that if the supply on hand at Vicksburg be insufficient for this purpose orders be given in season to have the quantity required sent down from Memphis.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mouth of Red River, La., May 21, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,Commanding District of West Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of May 18, the commanding general directs me to say that the services of the troops will not be required in this vicinity.

I am, general, very respectfully,

A. J. MYER,

Colonel and Signal Officer, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Mouth of White River, Ark., May 21, 1864.

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of West Tennessee:

MAJOR: In accordance with special orders from your headquarters of May 15, 1864. I reported at this post, and would now respectfully make the following report concerning the condition of affairs here: I found, on communicating with Lieutenant-Commander Prichett, that the troops had been ordered here in compliance with request made by Captain Prichett to General Canby, and that the captain had applied for two companies, while the general ordered 200 men. There are three trade stores and an extensive Government wood-yards here. I can see no need of troops here, except a force sufficient to act as detectives and pickets and prevent abuses by the

