
parties in trade here. This, Captain Prichett tells me, was the object in ordering the troops here.

I have six companies here (200 muskets), while I cannot use to advantage more than two. My rank entitles me to the command of the post, and to this the naval officers object, claiming this to be a naval station, and subject entirely to their control. Being the senior officer present I shall, unless otherwise ordered, insist on taking command of and regulating all affairs on shore at this post. My two largest companies (80 muskets) would be an ample force to do all duty required here, and if left subject to orders of the naval officer here everything would move smoothly. The location here is a very poor one. Many of my men are already sick. I would therefore respectfully request that, if consistent with your views, I may be ordered to report to my regiment with four companies, leaving my two largest companies here, subject to orders of Lieutenant-Commander Prichett. Excuse my addressing you direct, but being cut off, and believing this to be for the interest of the service, I address headquarters direct.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. STIBBS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detach. Twelfth Iowa.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., May 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Canby, with the request that such of these troops as are not required at the mouth of white River may be ordered back here; also that no troops from here be required to guard and protect trade stores.

C. C. WASHBURN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mouth of Red River, La., May 21, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he considers the extension of the telegraph line above Morganza as inexpedient for the present, and that he has, in consequence, ordered Lieutenant Wicker, of the signal corps (in charge of telegraph-boat), to return to New Orleans and report to you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mouth of Red River, La., May 21, 1864.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

New Orleans:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of you telegram, and to state in reply that not only will the Nineteenth Army Corps remain intact, but that he

