
intends to add to it as largely as possible. I am further directed to say that he will be much gratified to learn that your health will soon permit you to resume the command of the corps.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 17. Mouth of Red River, La., May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. Emory will detail at once, from the Thirteenth Army Corps, a force consisting of 1,000 infantry and 500 cavalry, to report at these headquarters without transportation. the men will be provided with five days' rations in haversacks. A reliable and energetic officer will be selected to command this force. Their baggage will accompany the Nineteenth Army Corps to Morganza.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mouth of Red River, May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

Commanding U. S. Troops, Morganza, La.:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that the Nineteenth Army Corps, now being assembled at Morganza, be held in readiness for immediate movement either up or down the river. the quartermaster's department will keep steamers in constant readiness for the movement of the entire command by water. the land transportation will be reduced to the lowest possible limit consistent with the efficiency of the troops, and will at once be put in perfect order for active movement. In addition to preparing his command for immediate service in the field the commander of the corps is charged with the duty of keeping open the navigation of the Mississippi River from the mouth of Red River to Baton Rouge, and of covering the approaches from the direction of Opelausas. The commander of the Department of the Gulf has been charged with the duty of garrisoning and holding the points within his department which it is necessary to retain, and of adding to the Nineteenth Corps any force that can be spared from other points.

It is particularly the wish of the commanding general that the corps be so lightly equipped as so be able to move with the greatest rapidity. General Banks has instructions to use troops of the thirteenth Corps in relieving detachments of the Nineteenth now absent, and these as soon as relieved will report at Morganza. General Smith has been ordered to proceed with his command to Vicksburg, but a portion of his troops will move by land for purpose of operating against the rebel forces understood to be in the neighborhood of Woodville. You will please facilitate as much as possible the movements of the Thirteenth Corps, in order that it may relieve

