
the detachments of the Nineteenth with the least possible delay. General Banks was instructed to select and assign to duty with the Nineteenth Corps 2,000 of his most effective cavalry. If this has not been done you are authorized to retain that force with you until General Banks' designation of the regiments to be assigned has been received. Vicksburg, Miss., will be the depot of supplies for the troops to be assembled at Morganza, but supplies that are immediately needed will be draw from New Orleans.

If the force of infantry and cavalry from your command ordered in previous communications of this morning have not been as yet detached, it will not be necessary now to send it. If, however, it has already moved in compliance with those instructions and cannot be recalled by you, it will rejoin you as you march down.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mouth of Red River, La., May 21, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier General WILLIAM H. EMORY,Commanding U. S. Troops, Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: The forces required from your command, as per instructions of this morning, are intended to operate against the enemy's batteries at or near tunica Bend, on the east side of the Mississippi River. The commanding general directs me to say that you are now charged with the suppression of these batteries, and to request that you will cordially co-operate with the navy in whatever movements may be necessary for this purpose.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mouth of Red River, May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM H. EMORY,Commanding U. S. Troops, Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that your order the Sixth Regiment Missouri Volunteer Cavalry to proceed without delay to the Red River Landing, at the mouth of Red River, and report to Brigadier General A. J. Smith for temporary service. If for any reason the Sixth Regiment Missouri Volunteer Cavalry cannot be sent in compliance with these instructions, the Second Regiment Illinois Volunteer Cavalry will be sent in its stead, and if this regiment is not available, some other reliable cavalry regiment, to be selected by yourself, will be sent forward immediately.

I am, general, very respectfully,

A. J. MYER,

Colonel and Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

