
to you that it will save much time and accomplish better the purpose had in view in writing them if they are addressed to me. I have been at much pains for some months to ascertain from all sources the true condition of matters in the Indian country north of the Platte, and the information upon which the military operations for the summer are based corresponds quite closely with that contained in your letter. I have long understood clearly that the main point in the proposed operations is of necessity to break down the power of the Indians, and that is the great object of General Sully's expedition.

In connection, however, with that expedition, it is my purpose to establish such military posts as are necessary to maintain proper control over the Indians after they have been beaten in battle. I inclose you an extract* from General Sully's instructions, from which you will see that the subjugation of the Indians of that region is the main business of his expedition. The establishment of military posts is only secondary. General Sully is now in Saint Louis organizing his expedition, and I do not doubt that he will be glad to confer freely with gentlemen so well acquainted as yourselves with the condition and disposition of the Indian tribes. I shall myself be much obliged to you for any information in your possession concerning these matters, and I assure you that any letters on the subject from you will be gladly received and respectfully considered.

I am, gentlemen, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., April 6, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that official information has reached me of the capture, by a detachment of my command stationed on the Big Cottonwood, of 12 Indian women of the Sioux tribe, some of whom are recognized as having been of the number dispatched to the Missouri Reservation last year. They represent themselves to be all from that region, and state that they be sent down to Fort Snelling, with a view, unless otherwise instructed, of turning them over, with the women and children who surrendered to Major Hatch and who are now on their way down, to the U. S. Indian agent or superintendent, as soon as practicable. If these people are not restrained from wandering back from the Missouri, where the government has transported them at great expense, the military authorities of this district will continue to be embarrassed, and to a much greater extent than they now are, in disposing of them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Referred by General Pope to the War Department.)

---------------

*Extract not found; but see full instructions in Part II, p.622.

---------------

