
Parrotts, crossed the Arkansas at Darbenelle and is threatening the railroad. Marmaduke is reported moving to cross below Pine Bluff. Their movements are covered by infantry and artillery on the Saline.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

MOUND PRAIRIE, May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Brownsville:

I leave this place for Peach Orchard Gap. Will be there to-night. A scout just in reports Shelby returned toward dover and Cabell coming up to cross at Dardanelle.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

BROWNSVILLE, May 21, 1864.

General E. A. CARR:

Ryan moved yesterday from Lewisburg. This morning he is at Cadron Ferry; 515 men is all he has. Where is Snelling? Ryan reports Shelby, with 2,500 men and four 10-pounder Parrott guns, now moving on his flank and rear. I have ordered Ryan to hand to Shelby's right flank, and as Shelby moves toward Austin or Searcy, to keep between the enemy and me. I have sent a scout to Austin, whence it may move to Searcy. Ryan thinks Shelby [is moving] to Searcy. If he does, the design is to united with McRae and attack Devall's Bluff. I am able to protect this point and the Bluff also, and shall do both.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, May 21, 1864.

General E. A. CARR:

I sent to Devall's Bluff for 10,000 rations; they should have reached he last evening. Finding that the train was kept there by Captain Carr's order, I telegraphed to Geiger to send it. He answered at midnight that it would start in a few minutes, and that is the last I know about it. A train that waited here all yesterday afternoon has just left here for the Bluff. I can only infer from this that I shall get no rations until this afternoon, if I get them then. I have three days' rations now. Unless I know that Shelby is close by, I shall not move until I get more. Should I go to augusta now, I will find myself there to-night with only two days' subsistence, not enough, in my opinion, to watch him with, although it would be sufficient to meet him with.

The way matters are working on the railroad I can have no dependence that if I leave subsistence will be sent after me. I have no further news from Major Lovejoy, but shall move out with what rations I have should occasion call for it. All my delay has been occasioned by Captain Carr stopping a regular train and still detaining; for what reason I do not know. Your message about field-

