
work at this station is merely suggestive. A site can be easily found, but Colonel Wood could do little or nothing at it with the few men he has. We must finish up with Shelby first, I fancy, but please let me know your oder.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., May 21, 1864.

General J. R. WEST,

Brownsville:

The following dispatch just received from Major Lovejoy by courier:

CAMP AT THE VENDABLE PLACE,

Thirty miles from Little Rock,

On Little and Clinton Road, May 20, 1864.

GENERAL: I marched northwest to the Harden place, 20 miles from the forks of the Batesville and Des Arc cross-roads; sent a scout up the Seacry road 4 miles north, but could learn nothing of Shelby. Harden's place is 60 miles from Dardanelle. Marched 12 miles south this p. m., to the Lewisburg and Des Arc road. Can learn nothing. Shall have in two scouting parties in the morning. If they can report nothing of Shelby, shall return to the Rock, unless receive orders contrary. If they report Shelby as having gone north to the upper Clinton and Searcy road, I shall go to Austin in the morning.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BROWNSVILLE, May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

Little Rock:

Received rations at 11 a. m.; remained here in hopes of being able to locate Shelby. Can come to no satisfactory conclusion myself as to his situation. Lovejoy's dispatch is in direct contradiction of Ryan's. I have a cavalry scout at Austin now, and may hear something during the night. What conclusion have you formed of Shelby's whereabouts since Lovejoy's news? Please let me know. Shall move from here at 3 a. m.; shall cover this points and Devall's Bluff. If I get the least chance to come in contact with the enemy, shall push forward, but must avoid his getting around me.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,May 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEST,

Commanding, Brownsville:

We must find Shelby; he may be gone to Missouri and he may be going back. Push out in the direction of Clinton till you hear from him, then straight at him. I think Ryan's and Lovejoy's dispatches agree with each other and with the rebel news that he is ordered back. I hope our cavalry can hold him till you get up.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

