
MAY 21, 1864.

General CARR:

The report I sent you stating that Shelby's guns are brass was incorrect. They are 10-pounder Parrott guns. I received the information from Lieutenant Babb, who was prisoner in their hands.

He looked at them attentively.

A. H. RYAN.

LITTLE ROCK, May 21, 1864.

Colonel RYAN, Commanding Crossing of Cadron:

I have seen your dispatch to General West. He is moving toward Austin. Major Lovejoy was night before last at crossing of Botesville and Des Arc roads, 31 miles from here, and would move toward Clinto to intercept Shelby. You must move out at once and attack. this order is positive. I ordered you to harass the enemy, to make him show his strength, and stop. You must expect to suffer, but you can make him suffer most, and, above all, can gain certain information. Leave a small guard at the Cadron with the operate, to keep up communications as long as possible. You cover them by moving against the enemy, but they must be ready to run. As far as you reports show you have not attacked him since he crossed. You will cover all points by attacking the enemy.

You should detach 200 men, under a daring officer, to hang on his right flank, and go with the rest and hang on his rear yourself. Each party should attack and drive in his pickets about twice a day, and make him form. If obliged to leave there they must come this way, and attack the instrument at another point. You men must be as well mounted as Shelby's, and we ought to make him rue the day he crossed the Arkansas. If he goes to Missouri, or wherever he goes, follow him as long as men and horses can crawl. You had better destroy the ferry, unless you can so fix it that it will certainly be destroyed on the approach of the enemy.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CADRON, ARK., May 21, 1864.

General CARR:

I should have moved on the enemy from Lewisburg, but felt it my duty to cover the dismounted and sick men from Dardanelle. I got the last of them away from here last night, under Major Jones. This morning I sent out over 300 men northeast, and will push everything as rapidly as possible. I have had my hands tied with disabled men, but am now loose, and will push everything.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., May 21, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER, Pine Bluff:

How many and what troops have arrived to-day?

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

