
that none but good, serviceable horses are to be brought in. Should other than this class be brought you will be obliged to pay the cost of forage for all such animals until they are claimed by the owners or otherwise disposed of.

See that your men commit no depredations whatever; if any transgress in this way arrest them at once, and turn them over to the proper authorities upon your return, for punishment. Threat all citizens with kindness, be careful with your stock, and see that the men attend to their animals properly. You will conduct your expedition in such a manner as to win respect even from your enemies. The colonel commanding reposes confidence in your ability to do this. You will operate in that portion of the country north of this station, between Black and Cache Rivers. A competent guide will be sent with you.

Upon your return you will immediately turn over all prisoners and horses captured to the provost-marshal. The pressed animals will be turned over to the district quartermaster. A full written report, embracing a journal, will be furnished these headquarters of your expedition.

By order of Colonel R. R. Livingston, First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry Volunteers, commanding district:

H. C. FLLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSONPORT, ARK., May 21, 1864.

Captain T. J. WEATHERWAX,

First Nebraska Cavalry Volunteers, Jacksonport, Ark.:

SIR: You are assigned to the command of a detail of 50 men, properly mounted, armed, and equipped, with four days' rations. You will proceed to scout the country thoroughly south of this station, between White and Cache Rivers. You will not confine yourself in traveling to the plain, well-beaten roads, but will go wherever you hear of the existence of an enemy. Kill and capture all you can. Parole no prisoners, but do the enemy all the harm in your power. Whenever you learn of the presence of an enemy, go for him. Kill all rebels wearing our uniform. Treat all citizens with kindness; capture or press all the good, serviceable horses you can. Bring in none but good animals (pressed animals).

Give proper receipts for all you press into the service. Do not allow your men to straggle or commit any depredations upon the inhabitants of the country through which you pass. Enforce the strictest discipline; be careful and not allow your animals to be run down or abused. When feeding along the line of march see that your pickets are properly posted, and allow but one-half your animals to be unbridled at a time. Upon your return to this place you will turn over to the provost-marshal all prisoners and horses captured, and to the district quartermaster all animals that you have pressed, together with a list of the receipts given for the same. You will furnish these headquarters, as soon as practicable after your return, with a full written report, embracing a journal of your expedition.

By order of Colonel R. R. Livingston, First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry Volunteers, commanding district:

H. C. FILLBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

