
LITTLE ROCK, May 21, 1864.

(Received, via Cairo, 25th.)

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

General Shelby has crossed the Arkansas at Dardanelle, and the last heard from was moving in a northerly direction. His force is variously estimated from 2,500 to 5,000, and four 10-pounder Parrotts.* It is supposed that he intends to make a raid on the railroad between Little Rock and Devall's Bluff. Perhaps he intends going to Missouri. I have a cavalry force observing him. I cannot use cavalry enough to attack in force. It is reported that Marmaduke is going to cross below Pine Bluff. They are all well mounted. What few horses we have are misdealt broken down.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General O. GUITAR,

Lebanon:

Your communication was received this morning. I will answer by mail at once. Rebel bands are constantly moving north along the border. Fully 250 per week for the last two weeks have gone north. The rebels have no forces above Buffalo, on White River. A large number of rebels are north of the Arkansas.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Sedalia, Mo., May 21, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Central Missouri:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 19th instant, inquiring what has been the effect of the removal of negroes from Sedalia. This would have been answered promptly but for my absence at Jefferson City as witness before general court-martial. The effect of this removal has been beneficial both to the negro and the citizens. With few exceptions, women and children and men were sent off who were without any possible means of support, or what was needful to thin out the great excess of this vagrant population. Those who were left (and they were many), for fear they would likewise be sent off, diligently sought out employment and went industriously to work. There has been very little vagrancy here since, and I think those now here are behaving well and providing for themselves.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cav., M. S. M., Commanding Sub-District.

---------------

*Dispatch as received by Rosecrans read ten 14-pounder Parrotts.

---------------

