HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., April 6, 1864.

Major J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Milwaukee:

MAJOR: I have the honor to reply to your dispatch of 2nd instant, containing extracts from General Sully's letter, asking that Brackett's battalion be dispatched to Sioux City, and directing me to respond to his application if practicable, that it will be impossible for that command to reach Sioux City by 1st to 5th proximo as indicated by General Sully. I had already inclosed to department headquarters copy of my communication of 4th instant to Brigadier-General Sully, advising him that if so ordered by General Pope I would hasten the departure of the battalion, but I did not believe that under the most favorable circumstances they could reach Sioux City sooner than 10th or 15th proximo. I will not delay a moment unnecessarily in dispatching the battalion after it shall be mounted, armed, and equipped.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Alexandria, La., April 7, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Department of the Gulf:

SIR: I would respectfully call to your attention the necessity of better communication between this place and the forces above, and also between here and New Orleans. Unless some more efficient measures are taken to insure the sending forward of supplies, as well as of supplying this depot, it may lead to some serious result. I am still unable to send to General Smith's command the 200,000 rations which I was ordered to send immediately, three days ago. It could be done, it is true, by unloading and loading the Polas Star and placing upon her some additional risk in crossing the rapids, in consequence of great draught of water, and an additional detention of twenty-four hours. Cannot boats be sent down from above? The Jennie Rogers is unserviceable and in a condition too dangerous to run up, and according to the report of the naval engineer here too dangerous to run at all. I shall have to send her down, and probably have her towed at that; cause, burned-out boilers.

The whole question of water transportation appears to me to need immediate attention.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

8 P. M.

P. S. - The Polar Star did not get up by the falls this evening; will go early to-morrow morning.

C. G.

