
SAINT JOSEPH, May 21, 1864.

General C. B. FISK, Saint Louis:

Captain Holloway arrived too late for me to start last night. With your permission I will not visit Saint Louis, as I don't consider it prudent for any one officer to be left at headquarters alone. Another murder yesterday. Sergeant Bradford was killed about 12 miles below town. This is the fourth murder within this week. It is the beginning of the end of the fight between the radicals and conservatives. There are no vitally important dispatches or papers that need your immediate attention. I will send down the pollbook on the sword vote Monday.

W. T. CLARKE,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

ALEXANDRIA, CLARK, COUNTY, MO.,

May 21, 1864.

Lieutenant W. T. CLARKE, Aide-de-Camp, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: Your communication under date 14th instant is just to hand. You can assure the general commanding that no effort has been, or shall be, spared on my part to maintain good order and the supremacy of the civil and military law. A few isolated cases, such as alluded to, have occurred in this county, which I deprecate, but, so far as my information extends, was not participated in by members of the U. S. Army, a large number of whom disapprove of such proceedings.

The spirit of taking matters into their own hands almost became epidemic, during the administrations of General Schofield and Guitar, amongst the truly loyal element in this section. But since the appointment of Generals Rosecrans and Fisk a better spirit prevails. They now feel they have generals in sympathy with them in their efforts to restore order and the supremacy of the civil law. Possessing as they do the confidence of the loyal men of this portion of the State, I apprehend that there will be but little further cause for complaint.

Complaints have frequently been made by the most disloyal persons, upon the most trifling protect, many of whom are returned rebels from the armies south, many from Gratiot Street Prison, and almost all of whom have taken the oath of allegiance several times. The same class of men have sought and succeeded in filling appointments, by petition and otherwise, with semi-loyal men and men weak enough to be molded to their purposes, their official position giving them influence, until, for a time, it appeared that to hold securely almost any place a man should be semi-rebel. Nearly all the wealthy and influential business men of this section are rebels. Their former good reputation has had its influence since the rebellion broke out, to the detriment of the loyal element. Could some judicious, intelligent, and discreet person be stationed here with a small detail, in executing the militia law of the State and as aid to Major Hiatt, I believe the objects of the commanding general would be fully accomplished.

This place appears to be one of the principal points for ingress and egress for disloyal persons to and from Illinois and Iowa. Many of the worst class of our citizens have taken refuge in Illinois and Iowa, and almost hold possession of the counties of Lee, in Iowa,

