
and Hancock, in Illinois. I am credibly informed that powder, shot, &amp;c., is purchased both in Iowa and Illinois and brought into this State; one individual supposes as much as 50 kegs per week. That the Knights of the Golden Circle exist, and are well organized, throughout all this section I have no doubt. You can assure the general commanding that no effort shall be spared on my part to effect the object desired, until our glorious Union, in here full proportion, shall stand forth the beacon light of the work, the home of the oppressed of all nations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM BISHOP.

OMAHA, NEBR. TER., May 21, 1864.

Major JOHN S. WOOD, Fort Kearny:

General Mitchell is at Pawnee Agency, bound for your post. I telegraphed to him and expect he will send your orders. No Gallagher ammunition here. If emergency demands, organize and hold emigrants; they are all well armed. Major O'Brien does not apprehend danger.

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OMAHA, NEBR. TER., May 21, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

The following received from Cottonwood Springs:

Have received the following from operator at Plum Creek:

"PLUM CREEK, May 20, 1864.

"Major O'BRIEN:

"The Indians on Box Elder Creek, 175 miles southwest from here, have killed and butchered 10 soldiers. They say they will kill all white men and soldiers on this road. There are 1,640 warriors; will be here in twenty-four hours. They are the Cheyennes. We have just come in from them, and they say they will strike the road near French's ranch.

"CINNAMOND,

"Operator."

Indian troubles are much magnified. I see nothing to cause serious alarm here, and this point is considered the most central.

GEO. M. O'BRIEN,

Major, Commanding Post.

Although requisitions have been made for ammunition for district, January 26, April 3, and May 16, none has come to hand, and Fort Kearny is destitute. General Mitchell has gone west, and I send this by his direction, received by telegraph.

Respectfully,

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., May 21, 1864.

Lieutenant J. S. MAYNARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. dist. of Colo., Denver, Colo.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of letter from district headquarters, of date May 16, and would state, for the

