
information of the colonel commanding, that I have just received a dispatch from Lieutenant Wilson, commanding Camp Wynkoop, a picket camp 60 miles east of this post, to the effect that the Cheyennes are about establishing a large camp in his vicinity, and have sent him instructions in accordance with those laid down in above-mentioned letter, with the exception that, after gaining all the information in his power in regard to the Indians, he will report the result of his investigation to myself, when, if they are a portion of the party of Cheyennes before named, who have committed the depredations, I will use the proper means to punish them. The announcement I have received of the fact of potatoes being en route for this post comes as welcome news, they being very much required. In regard to the repairing of quarters I am happy to state that I have succeeded so far in making repairs of material benefit without any expense to Government.

I am, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wiss., May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul:

GENERAL: Your telegram of this date* reporting small raids at Spiriti Lake and Watonwan has been received. It is not necessary to telegraph of these small raids, which are to be expected for a time. Neither injudicious another ways to make such things public, as they only tend to create unnecessary and injurious alarm and excitement on the frontier. You will agree with me that excitement of this kind is both unnecessary and injurious to the interest both of the Government and the State of Minnesota, and such reports ought to be kept to yourself, unless, indeed, there are important reasons to the contrary.

I would suggest to you that it would be advisable to send one company of mounted men (or cavalry) with each detachment of four companies of the Sixth going to establish the posts at Devil's Lake and on James River. If necessary, in order to do this you can keep back one company of infantry from each detachment which is charge with establishing these posts. I would suggest to you also that the column of mounted men under Colonel Thomas destined for the Missouri be instructed to march on different routes and speak themselves as much as judicious over the country, so as to reconnoiter it thoroughly and cut off and destroy any small bands of raiding Indians which many be near the frontier.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-If Colonel Thomas' command march in the manner above suggested, he must be careful that his different columns be near enough to concentrate without much delay in case of necessity, and that daily communication by messenger be kept up between them.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See May 20, p. 694.

---------------

