HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 21, 1864.

OSCAR MALMROS, Adjt. General, State of Minn., Capitol, Saint Paul:

SIR: In reply to your communication of 18th instant, inclosing extract of a letter from Captain Dean Stabler, of the Minnesota State Militia, and inquiring what measures had been taken for the protection of that portion of the frontier about Sauk Centre, I beg leave to state that a small force will be kept at that post and at Paynesville, and such other points along the line outside of the settlements to Fort Ridgely, as the limited force under my command after the departure of the expeditionary column will permit.

I propose, in addition to these guards, to keep at least one company of cavalry on patrol duty on each side of the Minnesota River during the summer months, for the protection of the settlers. But, with all the precautions that can be taken by the military authorities, it may be that small parties of horse thieves and marauders may steal their way into the settlements for the purpose of committing depredations, and I would therefore respectfully state that in my judgment all the settlers who reside at points which are more or less exposed to such raids should be properly armed, as the very fact of their being so will very much diminish the danger of attacks from such parties of 2 or 3 savages as will most likely venture in the neighborhood.

I am, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Natchez, Miss., May 22, 1864.

Captain PRICHETT, U. S. Navy,

Commanding District, &amp;c., Mouth of White River:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to request that you will be pleased to send to the care of the commanding officer at Vicksburg, Miss., as early as practicable, any official communications or bearers of dispatches that may have arrived at your post from General Steele, and also any information that you may possess in regard to the movements of our forces and those of the rebels in Arkansas. The commanding general will also be obliged for any information that you may possess respecting the troops at Pine Bluff and Arkansas River with the view of operating against Steele's communications between that river and the White River.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 22. Natchez, Miss., May 22, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. The water transportation which conveys the command of Brigadier General A. J. Smith from the mouth of the Red River to Vicksburg will be retained at the latter place until further orders.

By command of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

