HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., May 22, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I desire to know if the report and returns I am required to make to General Canby I am to send through the Department of the Gulf, or whether they are to be sent directly to Vicksburg. Nothing is said in my letter of instructions about the colored troops. What disposition is to be made of them should I leave here? I also have to request to know what accession I may expect to the Nineteenth Army Corps when the Thirteenth Army Corps leaves here, in order that I may get for them the water transportation required in my instructions.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 49. Morganza, La., May 22, 1864.

In obedience to orders from headquarters Division of West Mississippi, the Nineteenth Army Corps will be held in readiness for immediate movement either up or down the river. The land transportation will be reduced to the lowest possible limit consistent with the efficiency of the troops. All surplus baggage, land transportation, and camp equipage will be turned over to the chief quartermaster for transportation to New Orleans. All the sick and wounded will be immediately sent to the hospitals in New Orleans.

The inspector-general of the corps, and division and brigade inspectors, will at once make an inspection of their commands and report the deficiencies. Requisitions for quartermaster, commissary, and ordnance stores will at once be made. Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, chief quartermaster, will keep steamers in readiness for the immediate movement of the Nineteenth Army Corps, including the Third Division, expected here, and 2,000 cavalry. To obtain these steamers he will make requisitions upon the quartermaster's department. Vicksburg, Miss., is announced as the depot of supplies for the Nineteenth Army Corps, but all supplies that are immediately needed will be drawn from New Orleans. The corps and each division commander will be furnished with a small dispatch-boat.

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Marganza, La., May 22, 1864.

I. In pursuance to instructions received from Brigadier General William h. Emory, commanding U. S. forces, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps at this point.

