
the occupation of Pine Bluff is only for the purpose of protecting communication by the Arkansas River, the navigation of which is at all times treacherous and unreliable, it should be abandoned; if for the purpose of preventing the enemy from crossing the river and interfering with your communications with the White River, I think that that can be better accomplished by establishing a post east of Arkansas River. This is, however, a matter on which you are best able to decide, but all posts not of vital importance should be abandoned, as operations in contemplation require that the force in the field should be increased as much as possible. Send your communications to the care of the naval officer at the mouth of White River, who will be advised where they will reach me.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, May 22, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Arkansas:

MAJOR: I propose to turn out the whole force now here on the main line of defense to-day at 5.30 p. m., and will be glad for the major-general commanding to ride along the line. If he consents I will call for him at 5.30. The defenses are not yet completed and the timber is not yet all cut away, but much labor has been performed, and the work of one night would, in an emergency, render our position very formidable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, May 22, 1864-3 a. m.

Brigadier-General CARR:

Lovejoy is in Austin. Heard nothing of Shelby. I am just leaving, 3 a. m.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL: Operator at Brownsville says General West left, and will have nothing more to-night. Have not been able to raise the Cadron since 6 p. m. yesterday.

OPERATOR.

MAY 22, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Brownsville:

Send following by express to General West:

Brigadier-General WEST:

I have no more news from Colonel Ryan. The telegraph to Cadron has failed. You can furnish Major Lovejoy's battalion with provisions from your infantry supplies and start them forward again. Major Lovejoy is much to blame for coming to Austin; you had better send him in, as that command is not properly his,

