
but keep all his men. I sent 10 men, immediately on the receipt of his dispatch, with an order to him to stay out and to pursue and attack the enemy. These men may be lost. "Take no through of what ye shall eat;" I will try and keep you supplied; but you must not delay a moment on that account. Send me frequent dispatches. My opinion is that Shelby has gone back towards the river, in which case you will be out of the way to go by Clinton. There seems to be a road crossing the Cadron high up, and going direct to Dover. If the squad Ryan left at Cadron crossing should leave there they will destroy the boat, and it would take time to cross on it, any way; however, the country may be so impracticable as to make that the quickest route. If you leave your infantry, direct its commander to send me frequent dispatches.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

AUSTIN, May 22, 1864-9 p. m.

Colonel WOOD, Commanding, Brownsville, Ark.:

COLONEL: The general commanding requests you to telegraph the following:

Brigadier General E. A. CARR, Little Rock, Ark.:

I shall be at Quitman to-morrow evening with 450 cavalry under Geiger. If Shelby is crossing the Arkansas I shall have Ryan join me, and we will retard the crossing of the enemy until Graves can come up with the main force. If Shelby is lying still I shall watch him without discovering myself, if possible, until Graves shall come up. The latter will be in Quitman on Tuesday evening. Please give yourself no uneasiness about rations; I have got now what I wanted to carry out my programme with.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EBEN C. LITHERLAND,

First Lieutenant, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, and A. A. D. C.

CAMP ON CLINTON ROAD, May 22, 1864.

General E. A. CARR, Little Rock:

I herewith inclose copy of dispatch* received from General West yesterday afternoon. I have divided my force, sending Major Snelling's command, with Captain Williams' independent company, up the Clinton road. I will move with the remainder of my force toward Peach Orchard. I have been delayed somewhat on account of not being able to obtain forage and having to graze my stock. I shall go to Peach Orchard and as far beyond as possible.

Very respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., May 22, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICES, Devall's Bluff:

All troops arriving at Devall's Bluff will be retained there, unless ordered away be special order.

By order Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See West to Ryan, May 21, Part I, p. 931.

---------------

