
DEVALL'S BLUFF, May 22, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR:

I have sent 100 men out after the rebels who captured the mules.* I have all the available force of the camp at work unloading the boats. They will be ready as soon as possible.

E. M. BEARSDLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 10. Little Rock, Ark., May 22, 1864.

The Eighteenth Illinois Infantry and the four guns of the Fifth Ohio Battery, now with the regiment, will, for the present, encamp on the north side of the Arkansas River, and report to Colonel Ohr, commanding detachment.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,

Helena, May 22, 1864.

Lieutenant D. L. DOWNS,

Commanding Detachment:

SIR: You will proceed to a landing near Blesoe's to-night. You will endeavor to find Confederates in arms and capture them. You will get information of whom are union men and who rebels. You will ascertain who have violated their oath of allegiance by supplying rebels and giving them information. You will seize, for the Government, horses fit for cavalry use, and make a full report of the same; the truly loyal owners to be paid for the same. The steamer, with a large infantry and artillery force, will call for you at the place and time appointed. Should you meet a large force you can retreat to this place or to Memphis. If to the latter place, apply to General C. C. Washburn, with this order for transportation. Be vigilant and cautious. Respect private property. Do not act in violation of the laws of civilized war.

Your respectfully servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 22, 1864.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Commanding, Jacksonport, Ark., via Devall's Bluff:

COLONEL: On the receipt of this order you will move your entire command by river to Devall's Bluff, as speedily as possible, and on your arrival at that place you will report by telegraph to these headquarters for orders. Sufficient river transportation will be sent you for 1,500 men, 1,000 animals, and your artillery, wagons, and

---------------

*See Part I, p. 944.

---------------

