
supplies. Shelby, with a force of from 1,500 to 2,000 men and four pieces of artillery, has crossed the Arkansas River at Dardanelle, and is now between the Arkansas and White Rivers, reported to be preparing for operations on the Memphis and Little Rock Railroad. General West, with a column of cavalry and infantry, is in pursuit of him, and will press his rear should be attempt to operate against you while descending White River. It is desirable that your troops reach Devall's Bluff at the earliest practicable moment.

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Jacksonport, Ark., May 22, 1864.

Captain JOHN A. WARRINGTON,

Squadron I, Eleventh Mo., Cav., Jacksonport, Ark.:

SIR: You have been assigned to the command of a detachment of 50 men, properly mounted, officered, armed, and equipped, with four days' rations, and also two days' forage for their animals. You will cross Black River at the point (junction of the rivers) and proceed in a northwesterly direction, by way of Martin's farm, up Polk Bayou, thence to Lafferty's Creek, returning by way of Batesville. You will vary your course, at your discretion, to enable you to gather up any bands of rebels you may receive reliable information of. Whenever you may hear of the neighborhood of an enemy go for him and do him all the injury you can. Kill or capture as many of the enemy as possible. Kill all rebels wearing our uniform. Be careful and do not break down your horses. Press all good, serviceable horses you meet with, giving due receipts therefor, and keeping list of the same, to be turned over to the district quartermaster upon your return.

Maintain strict discipline; permit no straggling or depredations on the part of your men. If any transgress your orders in these respects, arrest them immediately and turn them over them over to the provost-marshal upon your return, for punishment. Treat all citizens (loyal) that you meet with kindness. Parole no prisoners. When feeding along the line of march allow but one-half of your horses to be unbridled at a time. Be sure that your camps are always well picketed. Above all things do not allow yourself to be surprised. Bring in none but good, serviceable horses and turn them over, together with the list of receipts given, to the quartermaster. To your well-known ability and energy the conduct of this expedition is confidently entrusted.

By orders of Colonel R. R. Livingston, Frist Regiment Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, commanding district:

H. C. FILLEBRONWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SNIBAR STATION, MO., May 22, 1864.

Lieutenant E. L. BERTHOUD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kansas City, Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inform you that the missing men in the fight yesterday have arrived at Independence.* Corporal

---------------

*See Part I, p. 943.

---------------

