
Sowell, one of the missing, was very badly wounded. Private Means escaped unhurt. Lost 2 horses, which the bushwhackers took; 1 wounded, which I think will die, and 6 mules. My scout sent out to-day report that the guerrillas divided up in small squads, and have gone in every direction; some have gone into La Fayette County, but I have not enough men to keep the country thoroughly scouted, men in camp having been on guard duty for the last forty-eight hours. Allow me to state that I am certain this attack was made to revenge the arrest of the Hopkins family. If they are allowed to go at large, will you please inform me of the fact. I think every person harbors bushwhackers that is settled in this portion of the country. We find horse tracks in the brush near the houses, they (the bushwhackers) always going to the houses on foot. I shall endeavor to get even soon.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. MOSES, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Station.

HEADWATERS BEAR CREEK, MO., May 22, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

I will be encamped 7 miles south of Forsyth to-morrow. My last information about the enemy was the crossing Arkansas River by 300 rebels, reported to be encamped at the source of Richland, 70 miles south of my old camp. It may not be so; I will learn more definitely when my reconnoitering party returns. I will re-enforce Berryville with one squadron, and wait for your orders about the quartermaster train in my hands, whether I shall retain or return it. I have not a serviceable horse in my command. I am moving at the rate of 6 or 8 miles a day, and when I arrive in camp will need forage, which I desire to be sent.

Mr. Hensley is here, with authority to take property belonging to him and others. He has 300 sheep, 50 or 75 head of cattle. This stock has been bought with Confederate money. He has men of First Arkansas Cavalry with him, who have authority from Captain Julian to recruit for Second Missouri Artillery. Shall I arrest the parties and take possession of the stock? While Major Melton was in command another party, in partnership with or hired by one McClements, under the auspices of recruiting parties for the Second Missouri Artillery, also carried on the same business, and even compelled parties to take Confederate money for cattle. My command is in such a condition I can drive no stock, as commanded. If there had been any, it was driven out before, and is being driven out by the parties mentioned.

JOHN E. PEHLPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 22, 1864.

Colonel JOHN E. PHELPS,

Commanding Second Arkansas Cavalry:

COLONEL: Your communication came to hand by telegraph from Cassville. Forage will start for you to-morrow. I had issued an

