
order to you to move to Cassville. You will make your headquarters there. After looking the whole matter over, I concluded that the best disposition I can make of your command for the present is to station four companies at or near Forsyth, two at Berryville, four at Cassville, and two at Cross Hollow. You will dispone of your command as above indicated and assign proper offices to each detachment. These officers will be instructed to use their stock as little as possible while they are compelled to subsist on grass simply, driving away only enemies that approach their lines and this district. Captain Owen informs me that he has already turned your over ten teams. He will turn you over ten more if you need them.

As soon as you can spare the quartermaster's train, you will send it forward to this post and draw more transportation and distribute it as you deem proper in your command. When you have detailed your detachments in accordance with the foregoing order, you will cause the detachment commanders to send forward provision returnees of twenty days from the time their present subsistence will be consumed, and if they have it, transportation to draw the rations. Caution the commanders to keep on hand full supply of ammunition, as required by existing order. If Hensley and those men have a permit of a Treasury agent to purchase and drive out stock you will not interfere with it; if they have not such a permit, you will seize the stock and send it to this place. One of the main objects hereafter will be to recuperate your stock. You will, of course, do the best you can in this regard, and I will furnish all the forage I can, but it will not be much for five or six weeks.

Hoping to hear from you again, I remain, yours, very respectfully,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

There is comparatively nothing accomplished in the way of organizating the militia of this city for an emergency. Matters are growing no better, and the public mind is very much excited over the percent outrages. In the absence of any instructions, I shall issue peremptory orders to the commanding offices of the several companies of Saint Joseph to put every man in shape for immediate work, and to distribute the arms which they have drawn to their men and hold themselves in readiness to answer any call. The annoyer seems decidedly lukewarm, and too much engrossed in private affairs to bestow his attention upon the interests of the city. Your presence is greatly needed. Major Bassett is in Saint Louis, Mo. Colonel Williams will do what he is told. Give me full instructions concerning the among of the companies of the Enrolled Missouri Militia in the country as organized by Bassett. They want arms, and some of them should be supplied. Answer.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

46 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

