
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., April 1, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: A dispatch has just been received from Brigadier General H. E. McCulloch, commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas, giving information that nine regiments left Fort Smith for Arkadelphia on Monday, March 21. A letter from General Maxey (copy of which was forwarded to you a day or two since) stated that these troops would move at this time, General Thayer in command. Officers at Fort smith stated that this column would join General Steele at Arkadelphia and move with him across Red River near the mouth of Mill Creek, near Laynesport. There is not time to-day to forward you a copy of this last dispatch. It will be sent to-morrow. Previous letters have indicated to you the policy of the lieutenant-general commanding not to risk a general engagement until the two columns of the enemy from Arkansas and Louisiana approach sufficiently near the enable a concentration of our forces against one or the other. A brigade of cavalry with some militia is concentrating at Marshall, Tex. It may assist in meeting the enemy should he move by Fulton. It may be of great importance ot us in securing communication across Red River in that vicinity. A detachment of 12 or 15 men was left by General Drayton to guard it. It will be well to give your attention to this matter. The pontoons should be drawn to the south and west bank of the river, and held ready to be burned in case of the enemy's approach and our inability to remove them. I have the honor to incline a memorandum* of the regiments supposed to have left Fort Smith. There is some artillery with the column, but the scout did not count the pieces. The lieutenant-general commanding urges the vital importance of keeping him constantly informed of the enemy's movements. Without this all his dispositions are made in the dark.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,Sabinetown, April 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff. Houston:

SIR: I arrived at this place this morning. Debray's regiment, with Moseley's and McMahan's batteries, crossed the Sabine yesterday; Buchel's is now crossing, which are the only two regiments of my command that have come up. I hear nothing of Terrell's or Gould's. Wood's and Likens' will be up in two days. I hear nothing of Gibson's battery. McNeill's and Bagby's regiments crossed three days ago and are doubtless at Natchitoches. Major's brigade will finish crossing to-morrow. The news from the enemy is exciting. They are advancing up the Red River, on the river, and on the out-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

