
side or ridge road, and were 25 miles from Fort Jesup yesterday. General Taylor has fallen back to Pleasant Hill on the same ridge road, where this command are ordered to join him. There is every prospect that the enemy will be between us before to-morrow night, but I feel satisfied that I have force enough to cut my way to General Taylor. The troops are in fine spirits. Your communication dated March 23, concerning extra transportation, has been received. The presence of Colonel Lubbock and Captain Hill will insure the fulfillment of your orders. The ordnance train is not up, but I leave orders for Captain Bradford, acting chief division ordnance officer, to comply strictly with the directions concerning the train of Colonel Fontaine. I shall have to store the ordnance stores at San Augustine, as I have no means of transporting it farther. The negro teamsters have been relieved, and will be sent to Hempstead in charge of Sergeant Phillips, of Pyron's regiment.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Camp at the Crossing of Mount Ida and Arkadelphia and Princeton Roads, April 1, 1864.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have scouts below Arkadelphia on the west side; also on this side and above. As yet their infantry are still camped at and around Arkadelphia. I feel compelled to remain here until he (Steele) moves. It is, as you say, hard to determine what he intends doing. Were I to cross the Princeton and Arkadelphia road for the purpose of getting between Arkadelphia and Rockport, and Steel was to move on Camden by the way of Princeton or the road I am now on, he would have me in a position where I could be of no service and risk my command to be cut to pieces. Besides, my orders thus far (I construe) intended for me to take his rear in case he (Steele) moved to Washington, and in case he moved on Camden on this side of the river to contest his advance. Should I thrown myself north of Arkadelphia I should be unable to do so. For that reason I have remained here for his move to be developed. Inclosed find dispatch * from Lieutenant Burch. The Federals that crossed Mount Elba came no farther than Marks' Mills. Lieutenant Trigg is here, and I will retain him for the present, as he has some knowledge of the country of the other side and will be of service to me. I will keep you well posted of all dispatches and news received from my scouts. Let me know by the return courier if my actions receive the sanction of the brigadier-general commanding.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

P. S.-Captain Adams has just arrived. I inclose his statement.*

JO. O. S.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

