HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,April 1, 1864.

Major EWING, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Mr. Bullock, a citizen, has just been brought in by my pickets. He gives me the same information that my scouts do-that is, the Federals left Arkadelphia about 8 o'clock this morning. He (Steele) moved out on the Washington road; also, a par of the command moved on the Camden road. You will hear from me soon. I dare not write. The bearer will inform you. I will return to Camden. His force is just about what you supposed.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

P. S.-I would respectfully suggest that every horse and mule be sent to the rear, as General Steele says he must have horses and mules to enable him to move. Dead horses and mules are lying all along the road in their rear.

JO. O. S.

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., April 1, 1864.

Major A. G. DICKINSON, Commanding at San Antonio, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to hand herewith, for your perusal, copy of an important letter from Monterey, Mexico, form my friend Mr. Henry Redmond, a gentleman in whose honor, patriotism, and veracity I have the fullest confidence, and most respectfully suggest and recommend that you take prompt and effective measures for the protection and assistance of our friends from Piedras Negras, who have been driven to this side of the river by traitors and renegades, combined with Mexican adherents of Jaurez.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

JAMES VANCE.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the major-general commanding. Mr. Vance is a very reliable citizen of San Antonio, and well known to General Magruder. His views are worthy of attention and consideration.

A. G. DICKINSON,

Major, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

MONTEREY, MEXICO, March 21, 1864.

DEAR SIR:

* * * * * * *

I understand there are late orders in pursuance of an act of Congress prohibiting the exportation of cotton, no permits being allowed except on Government account. If this is the case and strictly carried out, no person can complain; in fact, it would have been to the interest of the Government if such orders had been in force some time back. I think it will have a tendency to bring supplies into the country at a fair rate, and the Government will get the benefit, and not speculators. Matters are settling down quiet here, and I do not think we shall have any trouble at Saltillo, where President Juarez is with his government and some 2,000 men. At Saltillo there may be difficulty, as the reactionists under General Mejia are

