
marching on that place; the advance has reached Encarnacion, some 60 miles from Saltillo. This force is about 5,000 men 1,000 French. It is thought that Juarez will leave for Durango, the road to this place being guarded by Governor Vidauri's troops, which they cannot pass. He may, however, strike for the Rio Grande. In that case they will interrupt trade with Piedras Negras and be a good ally of our enemies at Brownsville. Alexander, a lawyer from Austin, is here; his business was to Saltillo with the Jaurez government, but Vidauri would not let him pass his lines, and report says he has secured his papers. I am told the object of his trip was to get permission from the Mexican Government to pass the U. S. troops up the Rio Grande, through Mexican territory, and procure supplies, transportation, &amp;c., for which he offers men, arms, and ammunition to oppose the French movement. The offer comes from Hamilton, who has returned to Brownsville. The Yankees here appear to be much pleased, and I hope it will be carried out, as it certainly will involve them in a war with France, and may also with other nations.

Very little business being done either here or Matamoras. There is no security at present, and a great deal depends upon the route this Jauarez government takes; if they should make their way to Matamoras it will stop all trade with Texas.

* * * * * * *

HENRY REDMOND.
HEADQUARTERS,Sabinetown, April 2, 1864.

Colonel P. C. WOODS,

Colonel J. B. LIKENS:

SIRS: The general commanding directs that in obedience to instructions from General Taylor, you deposit all baggage that can be spared in order to make a quick and rapid march; that you hasten on as rapidly as possible. An opportunity is now offered for the troops to distinguish themselves, and we are anxious to have our regiment in the fight. You will find further orders at Sabinetown; if not, proceed to join us as rapidly as your horses can travel. Bring along all the wagons you are allowed, loaded with provisions and forage, as none can be had here or on the other side of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. TARVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., April 2, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding District of Indian Territory:

GENERAL: Your letter of March 30 has been received. My letter of the 28th should have read:

Lieutenant-General Smith directs that upon the necessary instructions from General Price you will move all your disposable force to co-operate with General Price.

The omission of "disposable" was a clerical error.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

