
the laws of Congress strictly enforced, and if the Governor chooses to give the State over to the hands of the Federals by his factious opposition to the laws of Congress, on such grounds as "the dignity of the State" and "extreme State-rights construction of the laws of Congress," as inopportune as it is wrong, he must take the consequences.

I send a last proposition on the subject of the State troops to-day. I will not agree to the least change, for I yield more than I have a right to yield in making it. If he accepts and will heartily co-operate with me, and will bring his detail for halting cotton to what was agreed upon between my chief of staff, General Slaughter, and yourself as representing the Governor-that is, 1 man for every 40 bales of cotton-we may bridge over this dangerous and yawning chasm created by the efforts to impede the execution of the conscripts law. Use the ideas, but regard this letter strictly confidential. I know that god has not yet made you sufficiently insane as to believe that it is for your interest that the State of Texas should be turned over to the Federals, or that there should be great risks run of such a catastrophe.

If the Governor's chasm cannot be bridged I will leap it, and call upon all good men in the army and country to back me in organization all the military force of the country in accordance with the laws of Congress, without the passage of which laws and their acceptation by the State and people we would have been conquered and slaves-the slaves of slaves-long since.

See him and impress upon him the absolute necessity of accepting my propositions and of concurring with me heartily, and with all his authority in carrying out the conscript laws of Congress. We have lost precious time in these discussions. The Governor's militia is a failure, as there is no organization. General Barnes says so of his brigade, from which he heard after his return from Austin, and i know it officially and otherwise from all quarters of the others. If they informed the Government otherwise it was a gross deceit. It was a settled plan two months ago to operate thus on the Governor's susceptibility. I cannot wait. Action now or never.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HAVANA, April 2, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, Texas:

GENERAL: I have been authorized by Colonel J. Gorgas, Chief of Ordance, Richmond, to purchase and ship to you such arms as could be obtained in Havana, and have the pleasure to inform you that I hae now on hand several thousand stand, which I will send forward as rapidly as possible. You will receive by each sailing vessel reaching Texas from Havana 200 to 300 on Government account and as many on ship's account as I can induce the owners to take. Should I succeed in getting a steamer suitable, I will ship you as many as it is prudent to send at a time.

The Lilly will said to-morrow and takes 100 Enfield rifles and 120 English Tower muskets; the former are splendid, the latter strong and serviceable, though they require to be cleaned, as they are rusted.

