
I ship a like quantity by each the schooners Fanny and Laura, to sail in a few days. I inclose you invoice and bill of lading. I have the honor to inclose you the regulations adopted by the Secretary of War and of the Treasury and approved by the President, on the subject of our foreign commerce, to which I respectfully call your attention. I have not hear from you since the arrival at this place of Lieutenant Stanard.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CH. J. HELM.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., April 3, 1864.

Major General STERLING PRICE:

GENERAL: The enemy arrived at Natchitoches on the 31st ultimo, their force consisting of the Thirteenth, Nineteenth, and part of the Sixteenth Army corps, with four brigades of mounted men; is between 20,000 and 25,000. General Taylor has fallen back to Pleasant Hill, 65 miles from Shreveport. The movements of the two columns and all information received indicate that they have a common objective point. The distance from Natchitoches to Washington (200 miles) is too great for us to fight at either of the two points with a large concentration of our force. The column from Arkansas, on arriving at Washington, has two routes before it-one north and east of Red River, the other crossing the river in the neighborhood of Fulton and leading by way of Jefferson and Marshall. The lieutenant-general commanding desires that everything in your power be done to prevent the enemy from taking the latter route. While he thinks the column in your front is the one on which we are to concentrate, he wishes you to hold the bulk of your command so that if necessary it may move with the utmost expedition to the support of General Taylor. General Taylor has received instructions to hold his command in readiness to re-enforce you. I am directed to say that the movement of the enemy by Washington being now developed, your position at Camden is, in his opinion, not a good one. You should be nearer to the enemy's line of march and to this point. He desires you to inform him where Fagan's infantry brigade is. It should be moved back, as at Camden it is entirely out of the sphere of operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIANA TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., April 3, 1864-7 p. m.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge by to-night's mail the receipt of your letter of 31st ultimo (Numbers 2489), in which I am directed that in case I am too late to effect a junction with General Price I dispose my force so as to cover the crossing in front (rear) of Washington, naming the principal ones and inclosing a map, notifying me that at low water there are fords between Fulton and Dooley's Ferry which it may be well to look to; also, that Arkadelphia was occupied on the 28th by the enemy, from 10,000 to 15,000,

