
with twenty-five pieces artillery (reported); also, that all the militia which have arms and can be raised in Northeastern Texas will be sent to Fulton and held subject to my orders. I have never been ordered to effect a junction with General Price, but was ordered by letter, by your direction, signed by General Boggs, chief of staff, on the 28th ultimo, that upon the receipt of instructions from General Price I move all my force to co-operate with him.

On yesterday I received a letter from General Price, dated 28th ultimo, of which this is an extract:

Brigadier-General Cabell, with his brigade of cavalry, is at Washington. The major-general commanding considers it very desirable that you should send what cavalry you can spare to co-operate with that officer for the defense of our depots at Washington, now threatened by the enemy.

Letter written by Lieutenant-Colonel Belton.

I at once ordered General Gano to send every available man to Washington. His force is weak, 500 men having been sent by me as soon as I got definite information of enemy's move from Fort Smith to proceed to Roseville, Ark., destroy all cotton and commissary stores and the grounded boats, producing as much consternation by a movement of this kind in rear as possible. As soon, however, as I received your order of 28th ultimo, I directed Gano to recall Colonel Battle, sending him to Washington.

To-night I received a letter from General Price, by Colonel Belton, inclosing copy of telegram from General Boggs, dated 28th ultimo, as follows:

You are authorized to call on General Maxey to move to your support with all the forces he can command.

Also copy of communication from Captain Adams, commanding scouts. This letter of General Price, dated March 31, written by Colonel Belton, says:

The major-general commanding desires you to move as rapidly as possible with all your available force for the defense of Washington. The enemy at last accounts were at Arkadelphia. He moves slowly and cautiously.

All the available white force is doubtless en route for that point, under orders already issued. I regret the very weak and partially unarmed condition of the brigade. Upon being notified by General Bogg's letter of 28th that I was expected to assist General Price, I at once sent a dispatch urging Martin up. Last night I received a dispatch from him, a copy of which is inclosed. The regiment is over (as I am informed) 1,000 strong. You will observe its lamentable condition in the way of arms. Let me urge you, general, if possible, to send guns to some point (say Washington) at once for this regiment. I am told Martin is a good officer. Arm Martin's regiment well, and Gano can make a decent fight. I will at once direct Walker's Indian brigade to Laynesport, and, if possible, take it to Washington. It will be of service, however, to have it that close. Walker is a sensible man, and I think will exert himself to take the brigade where it may be needed, notwithstanding they are not required by the treaty to leave the Territory. The rest of my command is too far of to be of service in this move, and is all Indian, except a few dismounted at Boggy Depot and Wells' battalion, divided between Washita and Arbuckle.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

