
Red River above the raft is very low; fordable in many places. If thrown with other troops, as doubtless I will be, to prevent confusion, please give definite instructions to me in that event as to the extent of my command. I know the law, but think this better. Letters will reach me at Gano's headquarters, Laynesport, and be forwarded to wherever I may be from there.

MAXEY.

[Inclosure.]

McKINNEY, TEX., March 30, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding District of Indian Territory:

Under present orders I will report to you with my regiment very soon for permanent service. I therefore beg leave to call your attention to the very inferior arms in the hands of my men and the number which are entirely unarmed. My regiment is about full to the maximum number, one-third armed with shotguns (some very inferior), another third with various kinds, from the small squired rifle to the mammoth Belgium musket, and the remainder without arms whatever. If consistent with your views, I would be glad to have you call Lieutenant-General Smith's attention to the matter-that is, unless you can furnish arms in your department. I am exceedingly anxious to have my men armed well.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. MARTIN,

Colonel Commanding Fifth Regiment Texas Partisan Rangers.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, OFFICE OF THE COTTON BUREAU,Shreveport, April 4, 1864.

Lieutenant General E. K. SMITH:

GENERAL: Governor Murrah's letter of the 22nd ultimo, and that of Colonel Hutchins dated 25th, are respectfully returned. It has been manifest for some time that, without change of policy on the part of the Texas office of some modification in the plans of the State, your own plan to procure arms and other military stores would be in a great measure defeated. With the arrival of Judge Gray, to whom your difficulties will be promptly communicated, the remedy for existing troubles can be better determined than in advance of any knowledge on our part, either as to the new law in regard to exports or the means he will be able to furnish to felicitate the acquisition of cotton in Texas. I am clearly of opinion that as soon as the Treasury agent arrives, and is informed as to the necessities of this Department, a frank, intelligent conference with him between Governor Murrah and the cotton office should be had. if the Governor is a good man and a patriot such a conference should result not only in the inauguration of a better policy than any heretofore adopted, but some co-operation on the part of the State extended for the benefit of the Government in the right spirit.

It is not unnatural that Governor Murrah should be solicitous to do something after the imbecility which characterized the course of the previous incumbent during his term of office. Major Bryan and other gentlemen appear to have confidence in the Governor's ability and the correctness of his motives. He is a self-made, strong-headed

