
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 11. Shreveport, La., April 5, 1864.

Captain R. C. Newton, assistant adjutant-general, is assigned to duty in the office of the adjutant-general, department headquarters.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., April 5, 1864.

His Excellency P. MURRAH, Governor of Texas:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 22nd ultimo. I am much pleased to hear that you design non interference with the plans of the Government for the acquisition of cotton in your State. But, my dear sir, without intending it, the system inaugurated by your agents has already completely paralyzed the efforts of my officers to purchase. In confirmation of this I beg to inclose for your consideration some communications from the cotton office, to which your attention is respectfully called. I do not propose to discuss with you the legality or illegality of the measures initiated by the State, but I do which remind you of the very serious and disastrous consequences which may grow out of the further failure on the part of the Government to meet its indebtedness in your State or to procure the much-needed army supplies from Mexico. To meet either or both of these results I am dependent upon the cotton of Texas. If the article can by any proper means be obtained in sufficient quantity it will furnish a solution to our present and previous difficulties. I am perfectly well aware that the former anangement of the Government business on the Rio Grande was properly and severely criticized; that the great want of system and efficiency disordered our relations with Mexico and destroyed the credit of the Government.

In establishing the cotton office of Texas my object was to correct these evils, place the control of the business in the hands of well-known citizens of the State known to be capable, to have the public confidence. I understand that the selection of the board was highly approved by yourself, and that their policy and plans had met favor with the people. If their course has been injudicious I appeal to you to suggest changes or to co-operate with them. I am ready to do anything that is right that will give me the means to defend the country and enable me to keep the army together. I have not the time, in the pressure of military matters, to give such matters of business the proper attention. the subject appears to be delicate and difficult and has already proved very troublesome.

I require and am forced to rely upon my officers to procure supplies. I submit herewith their complaints. With the difficulties of the coming winter starting me in the face I cannot refrain from writing you earnestly. I have been informed that the Honorable P. W. Gray will come to this department as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury. He will doubtless be provided with the ate laws regulating exports. Will it be agreeable for you to come to some understanding with him by which conflict will be avoided hereafter?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.

