
a new duty is demanded. I have no doubt, from all the information I can gather, that Juarez is sustained by the Yankees. If this should be the case I apprehend serious difficulties again in regard to our commercial affairs. The French are at or near Saltillo. Vidauri, it is said, has been unsuccessful against Juarez, and is now on his way to unite his fortunes with the French; this, however, is mere rumor; I communicate it simply for what it is worth. If this should happen to be all true, the protection of our own interest may demand some action upon the frontier against the Juarez party that may favorably to the French.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. DICKINSON,

Major, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Eagle Pass, April 5, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of inclosing, for the information of the major-general commanding, the inclosed correspondence between myself and the authorities of Peidras Negras, in relation to the depredations committed by Yankees and renegades on the persons and property of our citizens on this frontier. If the course pursued by the Mexican authorities at present is continued this whole frontier will be broken up. Renegades from all portion of the State are continually arriving on Mexican territory in this vicinity, animated with the strongest personal, be the Mexican authorities; in fact, the Federals have their well-known recruiting officers and agents in that town, also commissary and quartermaster's stores, and the very leader of this band of banditti is known to hold a yankee commission to burn, murder, and destroy among the people and ranches of Western Texas.

I would respectfully state to the major-general commanding that for the future there cannot be much safety for our citizens or trade on this frontier so long as we are not permitted to follow these renegades across the river. Within the last ten days we hae run three parties of them across and pursued one party so closely that they had to abandon one horse and saddle. The Mexican authorities will not deliver these thieves up when we identify them, and I would suggest that about 300 men be stationed at this post and at fort Clark, with two pieces of artillery, and that we demand these men, and I will insure there will be but little fighting done to get them.

When we have a strong force the authorities are civil and obliging, and grow insolent as our force is weakened. Scouts are kept out almost continually, but owing to the thickets an broken nature of the country they easily evade us. We have obtained a clew to the place of rendezvous of this gang, who, to the number of about 100, are congregated near Monclova Viejo, but, as you perceive by inclosed dispatch, the Mexican authorities will not permit us to pursue them. They have, however, enacted the farce of sending out a scout of 15 Mexicans to arrest and bring them in.

The dispatches from the major-general commanding to His Excellency Governor Vidauri have just been received. He is now,

