
however, I am credibly informed, an exile from his country, and has sought the protection of Colonel Benavides at Laredo. From information received from Captain Gonzales, of our army, who saw the official documents, Governor Vidauri indorsed the course of Captain Giddings in the Pless affair previous to his abandonment by his troops, and also ordered the surrender to us of the felons Cullens and Kernagham, but as the Juarez party are now in the ascendancy, these men were released, and I have to add that we cannot expect any justice from them only what we can extort from their fears.

I shall await the instructions of the major-general commanding as to what disposition I shall now make of these dispatches under the different order of affairs existing in this portion of Mexico, and shall do my best with the small force at my command (about 70 men and 40 serviceable horses) to preserve order and protect our citizens, and if the major-general would sustain me I would make a strong effort to punish these scoundrels in their place of rendezvous.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. WEYMAN,

Captain, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS, Eagle Pass, April 5, 1864.

COMMANDANT OF PIEDRAS NEGRAS:

SIR: I have the honor to state for your information that on the night of the 3rd April a party of armed men, Yankees and renegades, under the command of one Bingham, a renegade from this State, and now holding a commission from the Federals to rob, murder, and plunder the persons and property of the citizens of my Government in the vicinity of the Rio Grande, crossed into Texas and robbed the stage company of 8 head of animals, also robbing mules from wagons on the road to San Antonio and carrying with them, by compulsion, a negro boy, the property of an officer of our army. These men, by the testimony of the boy, who made his escape last night, have taken refuge from their crimes in your Republic, and are now camped somewhere in the neighborhood of Monclova Viejo.

Sir, this is a most unmitigated outrage against our territory, and a gross violation of international law. I therefore demand of you, if indeed you desire to maintain the peaceful relations hitherto existing between us, that you cause this renegade Bingham and his party of robbers to be arrested and delivered to us, to receive the punishment due to their crimes, and that the property stolen be returned to us forthwith. I would also further demand that we may be permitted to send an armed force to co-operate with your troops in the pursuit of this company of robbers, and to render you any assistance that may be in our power.

I most respectfully request an early reply to this communication, as I wish to express to San Antonio, for the information of the major-general commanding, the state of affairs on this frontier, and to give him an account of the action of the authorities of our sister Republic in the premises.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. B. WEYMAN,

Captain, Commanding Post.

47 R R -VO. XXXIV, PT III

