
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS, Piedras Negras, April 5, 1864.

COMMANDER OF THE POST OF EAGLE PASS:

SIR: In answer to your official communication, in which you ask the surrender of a certain "Bingham," who passed on this side in command of a Yankee party after having committed some disturbances, robbed the stage and some mules, as well as one negro, the property of one officer of the C. S. Army, and which robbers are, according to the information given by your communication, camped in the neighborhood of Monclova Viejo, I have the honor to say that in this very moment I am occupied in sending an armed force with the purpose of scouting the vicinity of Monclova Viejo and the arrest of all foreigners that may be found, and have them brought to this place, in order to recover and deliver to lawful owners the stolen property. In what concern the persons I cannot surrender them, this being against the laws of the country, which laws have the strength and have always punished the criminals. By the same reason I cannot permit to any armed force to pass upon our territory, even for the laudable purpose of purpose of pursuing and chastising the criminals. Why, never Mexico has needed the help of another country. In regard to your allusion toward the relations which must exist between the two countries, I have the honor to state that everything that has beendone shall be in view of keeping the most friendly relations, but, strictly speaking, to the dignity of the country.

Independence and liberty, &amp;c.

FRANCISCO GARCIA.

HOUSTON, April 6, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Shreveport, La.:

Have just reached this place. Will report in person at once. Lieutenant-General Polk telegraphed the President that on the 12th ultimo 42 transports laden with troops left Vicksburg for Red River. I came through Opelousas, La., and learned there that the force Banks sent through the place a few weeks since consisted of twenty-seven regiments (averaging about 350 each), 62 pieces of artillery, 5,000 cavalry, and 1,500 wagons. I was unable to learn what force Banks sent up the Mississippi by transports. You have probably had this information, but I have deemed it best to send it to you. A telegram to Hempstead will reach me.

J. A. WHARTON,

Major-General.

APRIL 6, 1864.

General MARMADUKE:

The enemy is making no move whatever to-night, nor is he, nor has he evinced by his maneuvers the direction he intends taking. By daylight to-morrow I can probably determine what he intends doing. His movements this evening on the Camp Mitchell road

