
were very cautious. He is now distant from here about 5 miles. I anticipate no move to-night. I have a chain of pickets in front, about 3 miles in width and from 300 to 400 yards apart. So far the point at which be intends striking has not yet been developed.

Respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, &amp;C.,Houston, April 6, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I inclose copy of my communication to His Excellency Governor Murrah, dated 2nd instant. The lieutenant-general commanding will, upon reading this communication, be fully informed as to the question of the State troops.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District of Texas, &c.

[Inclosure.]

HOUSTON, April 2, 1864.

His Excellency P. MURRAH,

Governor of Texas:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 23rd instant by the hands of Brigadier-General Barnes. I have endeavored to ascertain, as far as possible, the rear strength of the State troops now in the field. The result shows that the expectations of Your Excellency have not been realized. In Brigadier-General Barnes' and McAdoo's brigades there are not enough now in camp to form three full companies. In General Ford's brigade the result is less encouraging. Brigadier-General Throckmorton has six skeleton companies at Brenham, and from what i can gather the prospect in the brigades of Brigadier-General Griffith and Cumby is no more encouraging. I am therefore satisfied that if the defense of the State rests to any great extent upon the organization of State troops, we shall be overwhelmed. Inasmuch as the law of Congress must be executed, and the patriotic efforts of Your Excellency have not had the result desired, I ask your co-operation in an energetic endeavor to organize at once a reserve corps as provided for in the law, and would respectfully present the following as the basis of the same:

In accordance with an order of Your Excellency authorizing the same, I propose to accept the skeleton companies of State troops, as the nucleus of the reserve corps for service in the State, embracing all between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty, and those over and under those ages. Orders will then be issued from my headquarters notifying all between those ages to report at the rendezvous named, to join these companies as volunteers, the number composing each company to be 125, rank and file, this privilege to be extended thirty days, at the end of which the companies will be reorganized and officers elected. Notice will be given that all those within those ages who do not volunteer within

