
may take it into consideration and direct the measure you desire. I will have the honor to advise you of the resolution of the supreme Government in this behalf, and in the mean time I beg to assure you that within the circuit of my faculties I will do everything that tends to the good and prosperity of the American Union.

Finally, I repeat myself, your most obedient servant,

JU. N. CORTINA,

Gov. and Mil. Commandant of the State of Tamaulipas.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY OUTPOST,Cedar Bayou, Tex., April 7, 1864.

Captain SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that everything is quiet this morning. The enemy pickets have not been seen for several days, and the indications are that there is no enemy in this vicinity. there is a large quantity of salt found down here that could probably be made use of in the commissary department.

If it is consistent with the views of the major-general commanding, I respectfully ask leave to cross with a portion of my command onto Saint Joseph's Island, and see if there are any signs of the enemy in that direction. I think I could probably cross Cedar Bayou and get some cattle and horses, and get back the same day.

I am, captain, respectfully,

A. C. MATTHEWS,

Major, Commanding.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Pass Cavallo, Tex., April 7, 1864.

Captain J. C. STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report in relation to the defenses of this island: Fifty-one men reported on left of exterior line from the Second Brigade on the 6th instant. These were employed in making revetments. Three teams reported at this end of the line. A detachment of 92 men from the First Brigade reported on right of this line on the 6th. Four teams reported in the afternoon. Seventy-one men were employed on the right of exterior line on the 7th instant, and 84 on the left. We do not have teams or men enough at or on this line. There should be a change in this respect if the work is to be pushed to completion. One hundred and four men were employed on Fort Esperanza the 6th and 109 on the 7th instant. Six teams were employed here these two days. Employed on the interior line on the 6th and 7th instant, 225 men. The progress is not what it ought to be on any of the works, for reasons which I have frequently reported,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. COBB,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.

