
way, or scare them off by declaring that they were Quantrill's men, whom they were afraid to arrest, having orders at the same time to arrest Quantrill's men if found absent from camp, as well as any others similarly circumstanced. There are some of these blue-coat men in the country still, but I think they are in the brush, except Quantrill's company, who have moved over into the Indian Territory and some others collected to make a secret expedition under the direction of General Maxey, with the approbation of Lieutenant-General Smith. The major-general may rest assured that I will do all in my power, as I have hitherto done, to get these troublesome characters out of the country, but I am free to confess that with the means I have had I have failed to do it to my own satisfaction, and with similar or less efficient means (State troops) I can give no guarantee of success in future. Some of the robberies lately committed have been traced to certain parties who have been arrested by some of the minutemen in Grayson County, and Brigadier-General Throckmorton is now at Kentucky Town investigating the matter, and I learn that some very important information has been obtained and much more is expected with regard to the robberies, &amp;c., perpetrated heretofore.

With all my labors and efforts to redeem this country, protect our friends, and untie the people, I have failed, and I feel the effect of the failure very keenly, not on my own account, but on account of that cause and country for which I live but to labor and for which I am perfectly willing at any moment to have all my personal prospects and interests sacrificed. I feel that I have not been supplied with the proper means to promise success in managing the many difficulties I have had to contend with in my district, but I have not and do not complain at my commanders on that account, as I have been and am aware that they have not been able to spare the necessary force from other portions of the field.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding North Sub-District.

CHEROKEE NATION, CANADIAN DISTRICT,

April 6, 1864.

General D. H. COOPER:

DEAR SIR:

* * * * * * *

I visited Fort Gibson on the 3rd of this present instant and captured 1 negro and started him to the Canadian, and on his way he made his escape. The information that I got there is as follows: The First Creek Regiment is encamped at Fort Davis, number supposed to be about 1,500; the Third Cherokee Regiment is at Fort Gibson, number about 800; number white troops there, one company, tow large cannon, and three small howitzers. The Second Cherokee Regiment, at Mackey's, numbers 340; that is all the force in that there. On negro regiment at Fort Smith, number 1,000; one regiment of Kansas, third full regiment. There is a recruiting officer getting up

