
a regiment of negroes at Cane Hill; know not how he has succeeded. No troops at Van Buren, also none [sic]; no fortifying at Fort Smith. There were 600 negroes expected at Fort Gibson to renew their fortification. One regiment at the next post on the river below Van Buren.

* * * * * * * *

They except to cross Red River this spring and get recruits there, as many as they want.

* * * * * * * *

J. N. HILDEBRAND.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., April 7, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: General Taylor has his command massed in the vicinity of Mansfield, with cavalry at Pleasant Hill. His Texas re-enforcements are daily arriving. The enemy have advanced by the river 20 miles above Grand Ecore. Their movement is slowly onward. Our positions favorable for concentration on either column. It becomes better every day as the enemy approach and we increase in strength. I will send you a tracing of the country and road above.

You will see that Steele has one of three lines to move upon after crossing the Little Missouri. He may attempt an inland march around the head of Lake Bistineau, by Minden, to effect a junction with Banks below; he may take the directs road east of Red River to this point; or he may cross Red River by one or all the crossing between Fulton and Spring Bank. The first is hardly practicable from the difficulty of supplies; the second is practicable, but not probable. The last was reported his plan. It becomes of the utmost importance to have prompt and constant communication with your headquarters. Strengthen the line of couriers and report at least twice a day, even if nothing happens. This is necessary, that there may be full co-operation and support in the general operations. Should Steele adopt either of the first two lines, you must retard and harass his march, destroying supplies and removing transportation in his front, reporting promptly and frequently. Should he adopt the last line, throw yourself on his rear, closing his return by the crossing of Red River, which must be held by you to the last extremity, one brigade of cavalry, if practicable, crossing Red River below and checking his march as much as possible in front. Whichever line of march he adopts I shall thrown myself in force upon and overwhelm him. In this connection the pontoon bridge at Spring Bank, concerning which you have been written, becomes an important element. It should be removed to that point, and placed in position for our crossing there, and guarded and prepared for destruction to prevent it falling into the hands of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

