
doubt or dispute as to the position I am to occupy. I inclose a copy of a letter from General Cooper, just received. It relates to a move that had been projected in rear of Fort Smith and Gibson. With the character of troops Watie has I know they will do more good in that way than with regular troops. I have directed Cooper to push the move, which was only delayed to have General Boogs' letter construed. I will advise you upon reaching Washington and after consulting with General Marmaduke what I think of matters. Until I hear from this I shall not interfere with the plan adopted, but will cheerfully advised with General M [armaduke]. I take this course, as I am at a loss to know what is expected of me. As to the militia of Texas ordered up, I have to say that militia is proverbial slow in concentrating and may raise a question about being ordered across. I wrote to Governor Murrah last winter that he had the constitutional right to order them across. I hope you will answer this at once to my address at Washington, and that you will appreciate my motives. No officer likes to have another ut over him on the eve of battle, and no ranking officer likes to be kept where a fight is anticipated without exercising the rights of rank. The labor I care nothing for. I can do as much of that and as cheerfully as most men, but I do not like a doubtful position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Washita, April 2, 1864.

GENERAL: Your communication dated March 31 is at hand. If Gibson and Smith are weakened to the extent your informant states we ought to destroy both. I wrote you last night that Adair is held in readiness to move, but awaiting further orders. I have directed Colonel Watie rapidly to concentrate his brigade near Boggy Depot, except the Seminole Battalion, which is ordered to join chickasaw Battalion at Colbert's Mill. Colonel Watie writes that Adair would be ready on 4th instant to move with 100 Cherokees, some Creeks, and Chickasaws, and Seminoles-say 500 men. Most of Adair's horses are at forage camp, Red River County. The Creeks are all to be at Carriage Point to-morrow. With exception of supplies and transportation, we all will be ready to march, say, by April 10 or 15 at latest. To send Adair north, if a movement on Fort smith is determined on, will weaken Watie. He (Adair) can make the contemplated expedition and be back on the Fort Smith road by May 1; but then comes General Smith's order, and although we both understood it to mean your disposable force, nevertheless you are not sure, nor am I. Adair will be ready to move any hour after the 4th instant. I do not doubt the advantage to be gained by it, but await your orders as to whether he shall march or not before you again hear from General Smith. I regret the Pickler case. The men all want to serve in this district, and had a right to expect they would serve in my command.

Respectfully,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

