
I am not disposed when I decide upon a course to be merely negative. I have taken the responsibility and I shall co-operate to the extent of my authority and influence. I shall be disposed at all times to reconcile differences and conflicts between the State and Confederate laws and authorities, preferring always, however, to arrange through legislative action conflict in the laws. The absence of a most cordial co-operation between the State and Confederacy and their authorities I should deprecate as the most serious of evils during this bloody struggle.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

P. MURRAH.

HOUSTON, April 7, 1864.

Captain BORDER,

Rusk:

Proceed at once with entire force to Sabinetown. In case enemy advance and are certain to capture Government cotton, burn it.

J. B. MAGRUDER.

HOUSTON, TEX., April 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSHEY,

Engineer:

You will proceed to Burr's Ferry and fortify that point in such a manner as will enable a small party, with a few pieces of field artillery, to prevent, or at least retard, the passage of the Sabine until forces can be concentrated in the interior to meet the enemy. You will cause ferry-boats to be established and will procure the necessary rope from the quartermaster's department, which is hereby directed to issue the same on your requisition, from the maine department, or from the rope-walk at Galveston. It is better to have a small work on this side of the Sabine if one can be erected, and that all the supplies of every kind be kept on this side of the river. The intermediate fords or ferries above and below Burr's Ferry will be pointed out by you to the officer in charge of the troops on the Sabine, who will have minor points watched, and important crossings guarded. You will take the negroes from the counties in the vicinity of the Sabine, and who are now at or near Houston, and set them to work, first at Burr's Ferry and afterward higher up the river, either at Logansport or Hamilton, as the movements of the enemy and your own judgment may direct.

If you have not working tools enough you will procure them here, taking the necessary steps to that end. The Labor Bureau is hereby directed to afford you all the facilities in their power, not to exceed 200 negroes in all, with the exception of the fortification at Logansport, if the enemy's movements will permit it. For this additional negroes will be provided in that neighborhood. You will be furnished with $10,000 to enable you to execute these works. You are hereby relieved from duty at Richmond, and will, with a sergeant and 2 privates of the snappers and miners and the negroes who are with the party, commence work as soon as possible on the Sabine. You will turn over to Major Wilson, at Houston, such public property as he may have in his possession at Richmond not needed immediately by him.

