
When it is practicable you will obstruct the roads leading from the fords and make the banks impassable, taking care to collect all the boats on the river and to keep them under your own control or that of the troops. You will report from time to time your progress and the movements of the enemy and he guided by your own judgment as to what the latter may require. You will take the best means to secure your party against attack or surprise, and to secure their safe retreat. You will call upon the commanding officer of the troops for necessary guard.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, April 8, 1864.

Brigadier General J. F. FAGAN,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Smith directs that you will hurry forward with your command as rapidly as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., April 8, 1864.

Colonel P. N. LUCKETT,Third Texas Infantry:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that if on the receipt of this you have not reached Carthage you will proceed from Carthage direct to Mansfield, crossing the Sabine in the neighborhood of Pulaski. If you have passed beyond Carthage you will cross the Sabine at Grand Bluff and proceed by the nearest road to Mansfield, La., and there report to Colonel Taylor, sending, if possible, a messenger in advance to notify him of your approach.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WEST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Prairie D'Ane, April 8, 1864.

Lieutenant General E. K. SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication on the 7th instant, and also tracing of the country from Paraclifta to Shreveport and vicinity. The instructions contained in your letter are carefully noted and shall be fully carried out. My headquarters are now at the west end of Prairie D'Ane,

