
by the Rio Grande frontier was a provision to enable the planter to purchase his supplies, and Mr. Oldham, who assumes to represent the planting interest particularly, ought to have been the last to complain of so considerate an arrangement. Suffice in to say, that no complaints have been made in Texas of any of these arrangements. I desire that it shall be represented to the President that I have had a laborious and difficult task to perform in Texas; that I recovered the coast from the enemy and fortified it, capturing his ships, guns, and men; that I have twice repulsed the enemy, a third time foiled him; that I have put down insurrections and arrested traitors, and kept the State thus far true to the Confederacy under great difficulties; that I received assistance from no quarter; and whilst I shall continue to do my duty to the very last, cannot but feel the disappointment natural to a soldier who has any pride when I find my juniors continually promoted over me. I am pained to be obliged to make this statement myself, but desire the President to know that I possess the sensibility which belongs to my profession. I will thank you, colonel, to request General Wigfall to present these views most respectfully to the President, but at the same time to state to him that he can depend upon me, whatever may come.

Wishing you a safe journey, I remain, &amp;c.,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C., Numbers 99. Houston, April 8, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. Colonel B. Timmons, commanding regiment, is hereby ordered to proceed with his command to Anderson, Tex., and take post.

4. The Second Texas Infantry is hereby ordered to proceed to Galveston and take post, reporting to commanding officer, Colonel A. T. Rainey.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Magruder:

E. P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., April 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HARRISON,

Commanding Battalion Louisiana Cavalry:

COLONEL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you proceed at once with your command in the direction of Mansfield, La. Upon your arrival you will report to Lieutenant-General Smith's headquarters. Captain Smith's company is here, and will join you on your reaching this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WEST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

48 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

