HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, April 9, 1864-5 a. m.

Colonel W. H. PARSONS, Commanding Texas Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: Lieutenant-General Smith directs me to say you will proceed as rapidly as possible and report to Major-General Taylor at or near Mansfield, General Taylor is fighting the enemy to-day.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN G. MEEM, JR.,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES, Camp Patterson, on the San Fernando, April 9, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

A. A. G., C. S. Army, Major-General Magruder's Hdqrs.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that General Orders, Numbers 74, though not officially forwarded, was received on the 6th instant and read to the command in presence thereof. I have been feeling for the enemy in various directions, but found he was not in force on this side of the sand. I had reasons to believe he was on the Rio Grande above Brownsville, and was preparing to ascertain the fact when I received advices from Colonel Benavides to the effect that some 500 Yankees with two pieces were in Rio Grande City. I shall move to-day, with Colonel Showalter's command and four companies of Major Nolan's, for Los Ojuelos where I propose forming a junction with Colonel Benavides and moving against Rio Grande City, Los Ojuelos is some 100 miles from Rio Grande City, and consequently not near enough to enable the enemy to gain an interior position and beat us in detail were he strong enough to do so. Major Nolan will remain here in command, with orders to move the depot to Preseno or Amargosa, to watch the pass from Padre Island to the mainland, to prevent raids from Corpus Christi and other points which may be occupied by the Yankees, to keep scouts well to the front, and cover out left flank.

I have the honor to forward, for the information of the major-general commanding, copy of report* of board of survey assembled to examine and report upon the condition of ordnance and ordnance stores, &amp;c. I have directed Colonel Benavides to place supplies at Los Ojuelos and have directed all the troops at Eagle Pass, save 30, to join me at Los Ojuelos. With the help of God and the proper discharge of my duty, I trust to be able to beat the enemy. We have no late advices from Brownsville. We are in daily expectation of the arrival of 2 men from Matamoras by whom we anticipate intelligence.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Mansfield, April 10, 1864.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inform you that he will be in Shreveport to-morrow. Permit me

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

