
your command would have made our victories more complete. You will hurry forward with all possible dispatch, taking the nearest route to this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Camp at Prairie D'Ane, April 10, 1864.

Major-General MARMADUKE,Commanding Division of Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Dockery states that he learns from citizens that several thousand of the enemy passed on yesterday on the road either to Tate's Ferry or Tate's Bluff, he does not know which. This force consisted of both infantry and cavalry, but mostly infantry. General Dockery also learns from Dr. Thompson, senior surgeon of Crawford's brigade, that Colonel Clayton, in charge of cavalry, and Colonel Marks, of infantry, were crossing the Saline at White Oak Bluffs and the ferry above, a distance of 35 miles from Pine Bluff. This force, intended as re-enforcements for Steele, consisted of 700 infantry and 800 cavalry, and crossed the river (Saline) on Thursday last. The major-general commanding directs that you make every effort to ascertain the facts as respects these reported movements. He suggests that Colonel Lawther is a proper person to be charged with this duty, as he is well acquainted with the roads to the Little Missouri.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General Shelby, who will take steps to determine what is required herein, and report information concerning same at these headquarters, returning this paper when he is through with it.*

By order of Brigadier General J. S. Marmaduke:

H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, April [10], 1864.

Major General THOMAS GREEN:

I am directed by Major-General Magruder to state to you, lest you may not have received the information before, that you are in command of not only your original division, but of all the mounted troops and batteries sent to Louisiana, under recent orders from these headquarters, and will be responsible for the same. You will therefore assume command, and are particularly instructed to cause the artillery batteries to be placed with the brigades, and to march with them so that they may be well protected by them, never per-

---------------

*This dispatch captured by General Steele's troops.

---------------

