
mitting them to make any march, even if no danger is apprehended, without ordering a sufficient escort of cavalry or infantry for their protection.

Captain Douglas, who delivers this, is sent temporarily to superintend the removal and establishment of such depots in Texas near the Sabine as the movements of the enemy may require. You will give him all the information in your possession to guide him and such advice and directions as you may deem necessary whilst operating in Texas, and if you have to fall back into Texas, give such orders as may be necessary to nay of the officers on duty in Texas and near the line of your operations, sending copies to these headquarters. Send to these headquarters information of the movements and force of the enemy by swift courier. This is important. Major-General Magruder desires me to say that it is reported by deserters from the enemy, and believed here, that Banks has at Vermillionville, en route to Alexandria or Texas via Opelousas, from 8,000 to 10,000 mounted infantry. They may come to Burr's Ferry. The depots ought to be removed from there and Burkeville and neighborhood.

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Selma, Ala., April 11, 1864.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance:

COLONEL: Your telegram of 8th instant received the 10th instant (Sunday), and I reply this morning by mail as requested. On December 23, 1863, I sent forward by ordnance messenger (C. H. Carpenter) 1,000 stand of arms, of which he crossed successfully 674 stand, and his crossing being interrupted by the enemy he sent back to Monticello 326 stand, which were taken possession of by Colonel Dillon, as per report of Lieutenant-Colonel Kennard. Neither Colonel Kennard nor myself have as yet an official report of the exact amount sent to Monticello, on account of the death of my messenger on his return from the Trans-Mississippi Department. I arrive at it only from the number received by Major Rhett. When my first train goes forward, if there are any arms belonging to the Trans-Mississippi Department and not issued, they will be forwarded. My great trouble is, as heretofore, men and transportation-especially the mounted men, about which I have written to yourself and Senator Mitchell. I must be able to move when and where I wish, or success will be but partial. I send you a statement of arms belonging to the Trans-Mississippi Department taken from us by General Polk and his officers.

Believe me, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. PRICE,

Major of Artillery and Ordnance.

[First indorsement.]

APRIL 21, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, for his notice.

Orders were given by you to General Polk to furnish escort for train of arms to the Mississippi. It has not been done. The officer

