
ized. A chain of rifle-pits extends from the rear of Old Town to the lower edge of Powder Horn; inside the bayou another chain, dug a short time before the enemy evacuated, starts from Powder Horn Bayou about half a mile in rear of the town, and runs northeast about three-quarters of a mile, thence east to the bayou immediately above New Town. Two small redoubts are built on the line running in rear, each intended for two light pieces of artillery or for one siege gun. Immediately below the point at which Stephens' Bayou can be forded at the upper end of New Town is a work of very considerable strength, but incomplete, which would command all the crossings, and would mount in its present condition five guns, and was probably intended for eight guns. This work is well built. Another small redoubt is built at the crossing of what is known as Blind Bayou, between the New and Old Towns. All of these are built high enough to present a front of 10 to 12 feet, independent of the moat or ditch.

The inner line of rifle-pits are dug in the shell, and will fill up with a violent rain; the outer is dug in earth, and is more thoroughly and substantially built, with the exception of a small square work made at the end of the wharf; no part of the defenses can be used by us against an attack by water. Had I remained here a short time longer I would cut trenches in the walls of the fortifications to admit rain, which in a short time would materially destroy them. As all of the defenses were built since my demonstration in some force on the 12th of January, it is evident that a large force was kept constantly at work until the order for its evacuation was received. My examination of the place satisfies me that it could have been carried in the manner suggested by me in my communication of the 3rd ultimo, but that it would have been a work of some magnitude if attacked in any other way.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES DUFF,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., April 12, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding District of Indian Territory

(Through Major-General Price):

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your letter dated April 7, and to reply that it was not his intention to remove you from your district, where he considers your services indispensable, and where you have discharged your duties so much to his satisfaction. His desire is to compel General Steele to advance slowly, and to keep him in check until sufficient re-enforcements have been received to meet and defeat the army coming up Red River, and then to turn on Steele and destroy him, if possible, which would enable a general advance on Arkansas River. This being a central point, wit both the enemy's armies moving upon it, affords every advantage for the movement proposed above. The enemy below have been defeated in two engagements and have been compelled to retreat, leaving numbers of prisoners, cannon, wagons, and stores in our hands. As soon as possible at-

