
tention will be given to Steele's command, and he hopes with such results as will enable him to make a general move toward Arkansas River. The order sent you written by myself appears to have been a misconstructions on my part of the wishes of the general commanding, which should have been that you should hold in readiness all you disposable force to send to the assistance of Major-General Price. As soon as you feel at liberty to do so the general commanding desires you to return to the immediate command of your district. General Smith being at the headquarters of Major-General Taylor when your letter was received, has occasioned this delay in replying.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL: After reading the above General Smith directed me to add that if you thought you had left the administration of your district in good hands and could render more efficient service where you are, you are at liberty to remain until such time as you think best, and that you would be entitled to a command in accordance with your rank.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. B.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, April 12, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say it is very important there should be no communication between General Banks and General Steele. The latter, hearing of Banks' defeat, might be induced to retreat, whereas it is of paramount importance that he should be drawn into the interior as far as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL PRICE'S HEADQUARTERS, In the Field, 8 miles northeast of Washington, April 12, 1864.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Trans-Miss. Dept., Shreveport, La.:

COLONEL: As you doubtless have been notified, Price's works at Prairie D'Ane were evacuated yesterday and this morning. Enemy now in front of that place. I think Steele's force about 12,000. This includes what Thayer brought to him from Fort Smith. Thrayer's forces embraced Arkansas Federals, negroes, and about 300 or 400 Indians, with some respectable troops. I know of no Federal Indians outside of Fort Gibson. From this I infer Fort Smith and Fort Gibson have been evacuated, or so weakened as to be easily taken. Troops seem to be in good spirits and to understand that this move works with Taylor's. Gano is here. Walker's Indian brigade has not come, and I fear will not. Unless he gets up I had

