
better return. No militia yet at Fulton. I have heard nothing from Martin. By a prompt re-enforcing of this army, the moment troops for the purpose can be spared from Louisiana, Steele can be annihilated and the valley of upper Red River made perfectly secure.

Respectfully,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General.

I have notified Cooper this morning, that he may at once see into Fort Gibson and Fort Smith.

MAXEY.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT INDIAN TERRITORY, Fort Towson, April 12, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,Commanding District of Indian Territory:

GENERAL: Captain Stanley is just in from his scout, and left the neighborhood of Fort Smith on 7th instant. On the 2nd instant Colonel Cloud arrived from Fort Scott, with his staff, at Fort Smith and was to be followed by 5,000 Kansas troops, daily expected. Up to the morning of the 7th no other troops had left Fort Smith than those who left there on the 28th, 29th, and 30th of March. So from Captain S.'s report General Blunt with troops had not gone to General Thayer. There had arrived at Fort Smith on the 2nd instant the First Arkansas Cavalry, Colonel Bishop commanding, about 400 strong, from Fayetteville, Ark. General Thayer took all the artillery with him from Fort Smith except four pieces (field guns). No troops at all this side Fort Smith at the time Captain S. came down, reports to the contrary notwithstanding. Captain S. tells me that it is his opinion that Captain Fitzwilliams will not at this time return to the command; that he thinks the reason he did not get with Colonel Battle was partly Fitzwilliams' desire to avoid a junction, that he might be free to stay; but that Colonel Battle did not pass within 30 miles of where they agreed to meet, and where Captain S. staid two days waiting for him. Captain S., however, states that Colonel Battle got to Roseville and burned the cotton at that place.

Captain S. says that he was informed that Colonel King, who went up in that direction, crossed the Arkansas, and that he thinks Fitzwilliams and he will get together and remain in that section of country. They are now in the neighborhood of Grand Prairie, and intend to go into bushwhacking. I let you know this, but Captain Stanley wishes it not spoken of as coming from him as informer. I inclose you a communication* from Captain Hildebrand and statement of William Green as to strength of forces at Gibson and Fort Smith. You will see there is some discrepancy between their reports and Captain Stanley's. Captain S. states that there are no troops at the first station below Van Buren (Ozark). Captain Stanley says, from all he could gather, that he comes to the conclusion that Blunt and Cloud, having gotten Thayer out of the way, will organize an expedition to move on the overland road, and this is also General Cooper's opinion. If I was allowed an opinion at all I would say that we must always judge the enemy to do us that which would be

---------------

*See p. 743.

---------------

