
the greatest injury, and we take it for granted they know as much of our country as we do. What would injure us more than penetrating Texas by the overland road?

Blunt and Cloud are at Fort Smith; they will gather the means; they have the dash-won't they make the attempt? I think so. The policy set forth in Lincoln's proclamation to organize State governments can be carried out only in the northern tier of counties. General Blunt is an old land speculator. To extinguish the Indian titles would be a good thing. Emigrant aid societies, negro colonization, and every other Yankeeism, all looking this way, gives me the opinion they will make this move. General Cooper wishes me to say to you that it is all important that you should get your command cut loose from where they are now operating, and bring them back to meet this move as early as possible. He thinks a demonstration up the Line road and on the overland road, to form a junction near Fort Smith, would disperse or hold their intentions in check. Excuse the length of this communication, general, but I know you feel interested in what I am speaking about, and that is my apology.

I am, general, respectfully, your friend,

T. S. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

N. B.-The Bonham mail has just arrived, and I received a letter from General McCulloch that he started that portion of Colonel Martin's regiment not sent to Shreveport to Laynesport on the morning of the 10th instant. I suppose you have left instructions at Laynesport for him. There has not been a word from you since the note to General Cooper in Sevier County, Ark. From this I am fearful the communication is interrupted and will therefore send you a duplicate of this by special courier, with directions to go immediately to you. The Laynesport mail in and nothing from you. I wrote you that the dispatch from General Gano was omitted in your envelope.

T. M. S.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Statement of William Green.

The First Indian Regiment, numbering about 1,600, is camped on both sides of the Arkansas River, part between Grand River and Arkansas, and a part south of the river in the neighborhood of the agency. The Second Indian Regiment, numbering about 600, and commanded by Colonel Ritchie, is at Mackey's Lick. The Third Indian Regiment is at Fort Gibson, Major Foreman commanding. Colonel Phillips commands the brigade, and has his headquarters in Dan Gunter's houses. All pretty well supplied with rations, and expecting a large train from Fort Scott the latter part of this month. Part of the women and families of the Creeks are in camp with the First Regiment; a part at the Government agency, and expected to come down with this train. The Pin families draw rations at Fort Gibson. All the Indian troops are infantry. There is neither white nor negro troops at Fort Gibson, and about a week ago they were looking for a company of mounted men from Fort Smith.

