
The Fourteenth Kansas, Moonlight commanding, about 600 or 700 strong, composed of Shawnees, Delawares, &amp;c., with deserters from the Southern Army, and fellows taken out of jails and guard-houses, is at Fayetteville. Ritchie, in a speech a few days ago, promised protection to people engaged in planting crops for 20 miles around. Phillips made a like speech at Fort Gibson. Common talk is that they will soon be disbanded to go home and make their crops. They are confident in the success of the column gone down to meet General Price, and say when that fight is over their troubles will be at an end, and they can then go home and stay there. The expected train, if is supposed, with take the route west of Grand River. Crab-grass did not stay in the bottom near Fort Smith, but returned to Fort Gibson. After Phillips' raid, Major Foreman went up Arkansas River, and drove in about 2,000 head of cattle. The pickets from Fort Gibson stand only about one-quarter of a mile from that place.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 13. Shreveport, La., April 13, 1864.

The following appointments are made in the Army of the Trans-Mississippi:

I. Brigadier General C. J. Polignac, Provisional Army, C. S., to be major-general, to date from April 8, 1864.

II. Colonel John B. Clark, jr., Ninth Missouri Infantry, to be brigadier-general, to date from January 1, 1864.

III. Colonel A. P. Bagby, Seventh Texas Cavalry, to be brigadier-general, to date from March 17, 1864.

IV. Colonel Horace Randal, Twenty-eighth Texas Dismounted Cavalry, to be brigadier-general, to date from April 8, 1864.

V. Colonel X. B. Debray, Texas Cavalry, to be brigadier-general, to date from April 8, 1864.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, April 14, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of paragraph XII, Special Orders, Numbers 39,* current series, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, authorizing General J. E. Johnston to send an officer to this department for the purpose of collecting and taking to "their proper commands, now in Tennessee, all the officers and men there (here) belonging to the Sixth, Seventh, and Tenth Texas Infantry and the Fifteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Twenty-fifth Dismounted Cavalry. I beg leave to state that it is impossible to comply with said order at present for the reasons that it is impracticable on account of the blockade of the Mississippi River for any number of persons to cross that river to-

---------------

*See Part II, p. 970.

---------------

