
gether. These men could only be crossed in very small squads, say 2 or 3, and at many different points, and this would require an entire willingness on their part. I am also threatened on all sides with a force of not less than 60,000, to oppose which I have only about 30,000 effective men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, En route on Camden Road, Ark., April 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Miss. Dept., Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt on yesterday evening of your letter of 12th instant. I am very much gratified to know that my administration in the Indian Territory has met the approbation of the general commanding. No man ever worked harder or with a more difficult task. My hopes are now sanguine. I believe that in view of Taylor's victories and, as I believe, the total failure of the grand campaign for the possession of upper Red River, I am glad to know the general has adopted the campaign chalked out in your letter. I think any man who understands his profession will fully indorse it. I fear that Steele will not and cannot be induced to remain long enough to fully complete it. The prayers of every true patriot should ascend to Heaven for those glorious victories and for the men who planned and won them. The army is full of spirit. I believe the men understand very well the object when a retreat becomes necessary. I could have brought on a general engagement in twenty minutes yesterday evening had it been politic. The same could be done any day. It is clear, however, that cavalry, unsupported by infantry and with insufficient artillery, could not, even with equal numbers, engage successfully a well-organized army, much less where the disparity is so great as here. I left General Cooper in command, who will attend to the district to your satisfaction during my absence. I left all the chiefs of departments with my principal adjutant (Captain Scott) in the district. I have two brigades (Gano's and Walker's Indian brigade) here. I do not believe they can well spare me. Besides, while others are getting honors conferred, I confess to a weakness that way, and I think I could work myself to a skeleton in the district and not do so much in that way as in a single day with opportunity in the field. I shall, however, return to the district with the troops I brought whenever in the opinion of the commander of the forces here we can be spared. I would leave without them whenever I thought I could be spared were it not that I know they need me, and that I know a man not infrequently loses his troops by getting them too far away. I have requested General Price to keep a lookout on the Fort Smith road and notify me if the Fort Smith troops turn off from the main column, in which case we should return without delay. I have Watie's command working toward Fort Gibson and Fort Smith, and will notify you promptly of results. God grant that you may be able to crush out this concern. I very much fear he will get away before you can re-enforce. This force can do little more than harass. I

