
respectfully refer you to a letter in regard to the campaign written about April 1, precise date not remembered. The opinion I expressed of the general commanding and his plan is unaltered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Since writing the above General Gano, whom I sent out this morning with 100 men on the Moscow and Camden road, has sent in 16 prisoners, 3 others on the way, and 5 killed. Gano received, I am sorry to say, a flesh wound in the arm. No other man of his party hurt.

MAXEY.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., April 14, 1864-12 m.

Major General S. PRICE,Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that should the enemy move upon Camden his object is doubtless to put himself in a position from which he can draw supplies more readily, be prepared for a retreat, and put himself, if possible, in communication with Banks. In this event he advises that if you find you cannot keep him out of Camden you throw a sufficient force of cavalry across the Ouachita to cut off the enemy's supplies and break up his communication with his rear. Meanwhile you will do everything in your power to retard the enemy's advance or communication in the direction of Banks' column. Before he reaches Camden everything in the shape of supplies there or in the neighborhood should be destroyed at all hazards.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., April 14, 1864-10 a. m.

Major General S. PRICE,Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 13th instant (10 a. m.) has been received. If, as you suppose, the enemy is moving toward Camden you will do everything in your power to harass him and delay his march. Banks' force is now above Natchitoches, to all appearances terribly crippled and much demoralized. I think it will be compelled to fall back upon Alexandria, as there is now in the river scarcely enough water to float his transports. It is of the greatest possible importance not only that Steele's advance upon Camden be delayed, lest he form a junction with Banks, but that everything in your power be done to prevent any communication between them by courier or otherwise. Three divisions of infantry are on the way to your support. They should pass through Shreveport to-morrow morning (15th). There is a commissary at El Dorado.

Your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.

