HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT, Bonham, Tex., April 14, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY, Arkansas:

GENERAL: Your call upon Brigadier-General Throckmorton of the 10th reached us this evening. I think it doubtful, with our information from Fort Smith, whether we ought to send the troops, but we cannot, perhaps, guard all the points, and as you are close to the enemy in Arkansas and can learn what they are doing from Fort Smith as well as we can, I must leave the matter much to you, and will place the troops as near you as practicable, as early as I can get them there. Five companies of State cavalry will be encamped northeast of Clarksville on Red River, and Captain Wilson's company at Clarksville, and Colonel Good's four companies at Paris (scarce of arms), all of which will be directed to respond to any call you may make on them. But I do not think I would order them east to Arkansas unless they were very much needed there, without you can learn positively that we are in no danger from the enemy from Fort Smith. For my own part, I cannot see how an army ran come from Fort Smith; yet it may possibly be done, and without any troops and the country filled with disloyal men, I can do nothing if they do make an effort to come.

Respectfully and truly,HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-Dist.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., April 15, 1864-10 a. m.

Major General S. PRICE,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 8 a. m., 14th instant, giving information of the enemy's retreat, and to say it is of the utmost possible importance that the enemy be delayed till the infantry reach him. The advance division encamped 18 miles south of this point last night. The cavalry in Steele's front should impede his march by every means in their power. Trees should be felled across the road wherever it will give him trouble, and his front kept back as much as practicable upon the main force. No supplies will be left for him. Should he move upon Camden you will exercise your judgment as to your ability to hold the works there against assault until your re-enforcements arrive. If you are sure that you can do so, it will, in the opinion, of the general commanding, be the best step that can be taken to throw your available force into them before Steele's arrival. Not knowing the condition of those works he cannot tell whether this course would be advisable. He does not, of course, wish any portion of your command put there to be sacrificed. It will be at least six days before the infantry can reach Camden. The general urges upon you the suggestions in his dispatch of yesterday--that before the enemy reach Camden every particle of supplies in and around the place in his reach be destroyed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

