
eral subsequent engagements, which have rendered immortal your name and the memory of those gallant officers and men who had the good fortune to go into action under your auspices.

It is not too much, I trust, to hope that your efforts may result in the capture or destruction of Banks' army and the expulsion of the foe from every foot of Louisiana soil. At the time that re-enforcements were moved to your assistance from this district I found myself in the midst of negotiations with His Excellency the Governor of this State in regard to the conscript element, and have found it impossible to take the command of the troops I sent you. It has always been my intention and desire to be at their head, but the paramount interests of this district seemed to claim my presence here.

My sole thought and object has been to increase the number of my forces as much as possible, so as to spare you, if necessary, additional re-enforcements. Now that you have defeated and almost vanquished the enemy, I am unwilling to be hasty to go where the command might devolve upon me after the work has been done and the victory secured.

I am glad to inform you that my efforts to come to terms with the Governor have been successful, and that the arrangements effected are satisfactory. The Governor has yielded all claim to the conscript element, and arrangements have been made by which I hope in a short time to complete the organization of 2,000 or 3,000 additional troops who have heretofore kept out of service, and thus by substituting these for my troops, now defending the coast, may be able to send you a larger number of re-enforcements should you need them. If the arrangements can be perfected and the conscript law strictly enforced. I hope to be able to materially increase the number of my troops, and add much to the strength of the Trans-Mississippi Department. I have just received information that the enemy has landed two additional regiments at Saluria. The object of this may be to create a diversion now, or probably may have formed a part of the original programme which contemplated a simultaneous advance from the coast of Texas with the rapid advance into Louisiana. Should the enemy change his base, rendering it necessary for me to meet him in large force, I shall not hesitate to ask re-enforcements of you, and with greater confidence, too, in your compliance than you seem to entertain of the success of your application to me for troops to support you.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 16. Shreveport, La., April 16, 1864.

The following appointments are made in the Army of the Trans-Mississippi.

* * * * * *

Colonel W. H. King, Eighteenth Regiment Texas Infantry, to be brigadier-general, to date from April 8, 1864.

49 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

