
A. H. May, to be captain in the Adjutant-General's Department, to date from January 1, 1864.

W. D. Maclay, Sixth Regiment Florida Infantry, to be captain in the Adjutant-General's Department, to date from April 15, 1864.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION ARKANSAS CAVALRY, Near Road where Shelby fought yesterday, April 16, 1864.

COLONEL: I have been near enough to see the train pass. They are moving very leisurely along, with a guard of about 6 men to the wagon, cavalry and infantry, mostly infantry. I think they are too strong for me to attack them, unless as a feint to cover some other move. I think by attacking them in two or three places at once we might destroy a large portion of their train; that is, with a sufficient force. Colonel, I will await here for orders. This road can be traveled with artillery very easily, but I think it will not be long until the rear will pass here.

Very respectfully,RAS. STIRMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded, for General Marmaduke's information. I sent Colonel Stirman out after sunrise this morning. He came to the road about 8 o'clock, and saw cavalry, infantry, and their trains.

J. F. FAGAN,

Brigadier-General.

JENKINS' OLD PLACE, April 16, 1864-4 p. m.

Brigadier-General MARMADUKE:

GENERAL: I came back here 10 miles from you, after believing the whole Federal force was in Camden, to feed my men and horses. You will see I cannot overtake Thayer in time to strike him to-day. Should he not get into C[amden] to-night I will be upon his rear by day in the morning. I have one brigade on the road already; I mean Crawford's. I sent him across from this to the old Washington road this morning. I will order him to attack Thayer's rear this evening.

Respectfully,

J. F. FAGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, April 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General PARSONS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that you will move with your column by the middle road, via Rocky Mount and Calhoun, in the direction of Camden. General Churchill's com-

