
Yankees or any of our disloyal citizens or soldiers I may have occasion to handle, and will show my commanding general the great necessity of sending me some troops that are reliable, and for which I have so long and earnestly begged. I have ordered Colonel Good, with four companies of Confederate cavalry, from Paris to this place, with the view of sending him to support Colonel Bourland, if necessary, and have ordered Colonel Bourland to arrest such of the disloyal leaders as he might know of his own knowledge, or should be pointed out to him by Major Quayle, and send them to Houston to General Magruder, as it is necessary to remove them from the vicinity of their friends and place them in the hands of loyal troops, where they can be efficiently guarded.

I have also ordered Brigadier-General Griffith to this place with his entire brigade, which I hope the major-general will approve under the circumstances, although only a part of the brigade reside in my sub-district. I heartily thank the major-general for the 300 stand of arms sent, which I have received, and respectfully ask him to send me 1,000 or 1,500 more, if he can spare them, as I am satisfied many of the militia or State troops will come without arms, if they come at all; but they are so slow reporting to their companies that I regard them as only soldiers in name, to be counted on the muster-rolls only in many instances, but they come out when they believe the enemy are coming to their homes, but many of them would feel more among their friends with the Yankees than with the Confederate troops. I have taken steps to find out all about the disloyal element west of me, and will take steps at once to put it down, whether in the army or out of it, if the Federals will give me time, and will arrest, disarm, and send to Houston any and all disloyal troops or leading citizens. Harris, alluded to in Colonel Bourland's letter, is no clerk, but a boot and shoe maker by trade, shrewd fellow, that I use as a spy both against Yankees and our disloyal citizens, and of course if he is useful he must appear to be a Federal. He has been very valuable to me, and I send him now among those men west as they very best man I can get for that mission.

If we whip the enemy badly in Louisiana and Arkansas they may not come upon us from Fort Smith, but their present determination is and has been for some time to press into Northern Texas, effect a lodgment on Red River, stir up and combine the disloyal element, and hold this section of the State, and with a very large portion of the Indian forces absent in Arkansas from the territory, and a very weak and unreliable force here, they may effect it, but not without some blood.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS BORDER REGIMENT, Gainesville, Tex., April 13, 1864.

GENERAL: Captain J. W. Hail, enrolling officer for Wise County, has just arrived here at Major Quayle's request, and makes the following statement, viz: Captain J. M. Luckey came down from Weatherford to Decatur on last Monday evening to see Major Quayle, and approached the major on the subject of his business by asking him

