
if he entertained the same views now that he did at the commencement of our difficulties (knowing that the major was opposed to secession at the commencement of our troubles), to which the major replied that he knew no change in his sentiments. He then asked the major if he (the major) would hold a conversation with him (Luckey), to which the major replied he would. He then wished to know if he (the major) would lay aside all his official capacities and talk with him as a citizen. Here the major became satisfied that he was going to let out upon something secret and traitorous, and after reflection replied that he would. He then asked the major if he would allow him to talk treason to him, to which the major replied yes; that if he (Luckey) had any treason in him to let it come out. He then told the major that he was opposed to this Government, and had been since the commencement, but that he had let on to be a secessionist through policy, but that he voted the Union ticket, and had been secretly working for the overthrow of this Government ever since its establishment.

He here stated to the major that he had learned from two members of the Sons of the South that he had been proscribed by the Sons of the South; that his case had been under consideration by them once, and would be decided on by them next Saturday, and that he had better get out of the country. He therefore wanted the major to furnish him a company of men to defend himself with, and under orders to go out on a scout to the Washita country under the pretense of arresting deserters, and while out there he could organize all the deserters that had gone west and hold a communication with the Federals, and that two-thirds of the frontier regiments of State troops would join him; that the Federals would advance on Eastern Texas; that Blunt would make an advance from Fort Smith, and that they would move down from the west upon the frontier, and that we would be at once crushed, but that they would take the major a prisoner and all would be well with him, and that this would all take place in the next twenty days, and would re-establish the United States Government in this portion of the country under General Blunt; that those who had been oppressed would have the olive branch of peace offered them and would be rewarded, and their oppressors would be arrested and tried, not by a mob, but by the civil laws of the United States, and punished according to their just deserts.

He also stated that a large portion of Major Quayle's militia forces were connected with their organization and that they did not consider the oath administered to them as binding, as it was forced upon them by a mob and not by any legal authority. He then gave a list of the names of the officers belonging to the organization and number of men belonging to each company. M. W. Matthews, a captain in Johnson County, has 100 men; Carmach, a captain in Palo Pinto County, has 50 men; J. M. Luckey, a captain in Parker County, has 50 men; Wiley Robin, a captain in Jack, controls all in the county but 3. He also states that there was a large number of the Chickasaw and Choctaw Indians ready to fall in with them, and that L. L. or L. M. Harris, chief clerk in General McCulloch's office, belongs to them, and was sent here by the Federals as a spy, and that the spies were instructed to pretend to be the most rabid secessionists. In giving the names of their officers I forgot to give D. O. Norton as their chief.

