
I have now given you the statement of Major Quayle as given me by Captain Hail, and await for you to suggest some plan upon which I shall act to meet this party. You will find a document from Major Quayle to General Throckmorton, which I think had better be detained, as I have written in another letter. I have written this in such a hurry that I have not retained a copy. Please return a copy.

JAMES BOURLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Frontier.

[Indorsement.]

Major Quayle writes me, confirming the within fully, and renders it entirely certain that he sent Captain Hail to Colonel Bourland to give him this information.

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier General, Commanding North. Sub-Dist. of Texas.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT INDIAN TERRITORY, Fort Towson, C. N., April 12, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas:

GENERAL:

* * * * * *

The latest news from Forts Smith and Gibson represent that on the 2nd instant General Cloud and staff arrived there from Fort Scott, and were to be followed immediately by 5,000 troops from Kansas. General Thayer, when he left there for the south, left four pieces of field artillery and about 600 troops. On the 2nd, the First Arkansas Cavalry arrived at Fort Smith from Fayetteville. There is at Gibson the First Indian Regiment, numbering about 1,600, camped on both sides of the Arkansas River; the Second Indian Regiment, numbering about 600. Colonel Ritchie commanding, at Mackey's Lick; the Third Indian Regiment at Fort Gibson, Major Foreman commanding, Colonel Phillips commanding the brigade, well supplied with rations. All the Indian troops are infantry; there are neither white nor negro troops at Gibson. One company mounted troops expected from Fort Smith.

The general impression is that so soon as grass will do to travel on they contemplate making a move on Texas by the overland stage road, as they expect to largely re-enforce in Northern Texas. Generals Blunt and Cloud are both good officers, and have the necessary dash to make the attempt to penetrate Texas, and I have no doubt that while our attention is called to Arkansas they are making preparations to move entirely to our rear. This information was all brought in to-day direct. General Cooper is now at this place, as he says, with his hands tied, for the want of information from the east. I will start a courier in the morning direct to General Maxey, as there must be something wrong on the line beyond Laynesport.

I am, general, with high esteem, your obedient servant,

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

