
[Inclosure Numbers 3.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST FRONTIER DISTRICT, Decatur, April 12, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas:

GENERAL: I received a dispatch on the 10th from Colonel Bourland, stating that a considerable trail of Indians [went] by Fort Cobb. I have called the companies of this district into the field, at least three-quarters of the men from the companies, keeping one-half of the men ready to move from the inner counties whenever they may be needed. One company from Cooke I ordered to assist Colonel Bourland on the line of Grayson County. The companies from Young and Stephens (there [were] four) to act with Colonel Barry at Belknap. I expected to go with those from these counties myself. I am informed that there is quite a quantity of flour and wheat at Weatherford. I do not think them safe there at this time. I think a new post receiver there would be of great advantage to that section. The course pursued there has been very injurious to us all. I hope you will pardon these recommendations. I would not make them if I did not believe my duty required it.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

WM. QUAYLE,

Major, Commanding First Frontier Dist. State Troops.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Magruder, with the remark that I am clearly of the opinion that the tithe agent at Weatherford, Major Hamsen, ought to be removed. If he is the best man in the world he cannot do the country good service while there is so much complaint as there has been in his case.

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES, Laredo, April 17, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,Asst. Adjt. General, Major-General Magruder's Hdqrs.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this point on the 15th instant, and have remained to regulate matters.

The Fourth Arizona Regiment is at Baronena, some 64 miles from here, near the Corpus Christi road. Captain Cater, with a portion of Major Nolan's command, is at Los Angeles, 12 miles this side of Colonel Showalter's. Scouts are well to the front. The troops from Eagle Pass have not yet arrived. Colonel Benavides has advices that on the 11th instant the Yankees were in full retreat, marching day and night. They were at or near Edinburg.

We shall soon make a forward movement and confine them to their lines, interrupt their communications, and fight them wherever we may find them. To surprise them would be very difficult, almost impossible. They have spies in every direction. General Vidauri has been at this point ten or twelve days. He did not succeed in getting his pieces to this bank. He has 15,000,000 percussion caps hidden in Mexico, which Colonel Benavides has taken steps to secure. I have done all in my power to procure them and conciliate

