
8,000 or 10,000 bushels can be had in this country. The enemy has not been here since they made the raid to Colbert's Mill. Small scouts came some two weeks ago to the neighborhood of Camp McIntosh.

Colonel Quantrill got in the neighborhood last night. He did not call but went on this morning. I have sent men to overtake him and try to come to some agreement with him. The Seminoles have not yet been heard of; I have sent to look for them. The grass is much shorter then I expected to find it. The Creek ponies are not able to go any farther. I will leave them to take out stock and such of their people as are here. We found some 400 Creeks in this neighborhood (women and children) who were supposed to be gone to the Federals. They are trying to move south. You had better let Colonel McIntosh send for them; they are anxious to move south. I think out horses would do well here. Our horses are improving very fast. Gordon has 20 men.

Your friend,

W. P. ADAIR,

Colonel, Commanding Scouts.

P. S.-The Creeks, what I can learn, of the Gibson command are encamped at the agencya and intend to farm there. This may be the first place I attack.

W. P. ADAIR,

Colonel.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT INDIAN TERRITORY, April 21, 1864.

The within just received from Colonel Stand Watie and respectfully forwarded, for General Maxey's information. From the steps taken in sending out the different scouts, I will be able in a few days to send correct information in regard to the reports made by Stanley and others, and will act accordingly.

D. H. COOPER,Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION CAVALRY, April 25, 1864.

This paper received this morning, also a letter from Captain Scott, assistant adjutant-general, dated Fort Towson, April 21, containing this clause:

A party of jayhawkers or bushmen, from Texas, crossed at mouth of Boggy and robbed Mrs. Caffrey and others. The Indians are still in pursuit, and at last accounts had the party dismounted. A company will be sent to picket mouth of Boggy.

Mrs. Caffrey lives on road from Boggy Depot to Fort Towson, about 15 miles from former place.

Respectfully, yours,S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General.

aThe agency is 10 miles below Fort Gibson.

