
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF LA., EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Numbers 4. Shreveport, La., April 18, 1864.

The Governor takes this method to thank the militia officers and men who have so promptly responded to his call. He will see that every man who has failed to comply with his order shall be arrested and brought into camp. Citizen soldiers, our recent glorious victories have inspired our countrymen with hope and courage. Our cause is triumphant everywhere. We have vanquished the enemy on every field. Within the last forty days we have won ten victories. The Confederate Congress has so amended the law of conscription as to embrace the entire militia of the State, who will henceforth belong to the reserve corps of the army. You are therefore permanently discharged from the command of the Governor. He parts from you with much regret, and tenders to each and all of you his best wishes for your health, happiness, and prosperity.

HENRY W. ALLEN,

Governor State of Louisiana.

T. G. HUNT,

Adjutant-General of Louisiana.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, April 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,Chief of Staff, Magnolia:

Dispatch from Lieutenant Cunningham, dated 7 p. m. yesterday. One of Walker's brigades reached Minden yesterday evening. The others encamped at Dauchite, 3 miles this side. From Minden they take the road by McCarthy's and Eureka to Calhoun, which point they will reach on evening of 20th. They will encamp to-night on Black Bayou, near Homer and Lewisville road. They have on hand eight days' rations. The marches will not average over 16 miles. About 50 sick will be left at Minden. Their road will intersect the road on which General Smith is moving 12 miles south of Calhoun. A prisoner captured by General Liddell said that 8,000 infantry and artillery had been crossed at and below Campti, but only to protect fleet.

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 90. Richmond, Va., April 18, 1864.

* * * * * *

XIX. Lieutenant General T. H. Holmes, Provisional Army, C. S., is relieved from duty in the Trans-Mississippi Department, and is assigned to the command of the reserve forces in North Carolina under General Orders, Numbers 33, current series.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

