
Our left flank was also attacked by cavalry at Okolona, but the rebels were repulsed without loss on our side.

The next morning early the enemy's pickets were discovered in our front on the south side of the river. Up to this time nothing had been heard of Thayer, although I had sent several scouts and two squadrons of the Third Arkansas Cavalry to communicate with him. One of the Third Arkansas men, having become separated from his command after they had been beyond Mount Ida, returned, bringing news about Thayer. It is supposed that the squadrons under Captain Turner have returned to Little Rock. Yesterday a messenger sent by Major Green brought us the first intelligence of Thayer. Instead of taking the Caddo Gap road, as agreed upon, he went to Hot Springs, having turned off his road above Mount Ida. It is expected that he will join us to-morrow. He is entirely out of rations, and our delay has caused a consumption of the supplies which might have lasted us to Shreveport. I am now confident of having sufficient force to walk over the rebels wherever they may meet us this side of Shreveport. I shall therefore move straight on camden after striking the prairie, and while supplies are reaching me from Little Rock or Pine Bluff will endeavor to clear your front, so that our will not be troubled with any considerable rebel force.

I have sent a letter of instructions to Major Green and directed him to consult with you before issuing the order. I am very sorry that there should have been any misunderstanding between you and Major Green. Colonel Andrews knows very well that I am opposed to disgracing gentlemen by putting them in jail for no crime. The gentlemen who were confined should first have applied to who for their release; if they had done so I presume there would have been no trouble about it. Major Green did not receive instructions from me to give orders, as a denier resort, in such cases, but I do not wish him to interfere with your prerogatives. I will write him a note, and I hope that everything will go on smoothly in future. Your letters by former courier were received at Arkadelphia. It was not deemed safe to send back at that time. I hope we shall soon be able to communicate without interruption.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

I omitted to tell you about the fight with Marmaduke. I suppose he attempted to get possession of the ford. His attack was fierce with artillery, cavalry, and dismounted men, but he was repulsed with the loss of 1 captain killed, 2 officers prisoners (1 of his staff), 6 men killed, and a good many wounded. I hope McRae will leave now. If he does not he should be visited again. I should like to hear from you as often as it may be practicable.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C.,Widow Cornelius', in the Field, Camp No. 9, April 7, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of Arkansas, &s.:

MAJOR: Your dispatch of the 3rd instant was received last night. The command which left Little Rock has reached this point, which is 5 miles south of the Little Missouri River crossing at Elkin's

