
ernor and myself, copies of which orders have been forwarded to department headquarters. I desired extremely to avail myself of the opportunity of going to Louisiana, though my command would only have been a small force of cavalry, but as General Smith left it to my option and I felt that the positions assumed by the Governor in relation to the State troops and conscripts involved the absolute safety of the department, I could not abandon my district at the moment when my presence was most necessary to secure these interests, which I now think I have done.

Independent of the embarrassments above alluded to, the accounts from the Northern Sub-District are most gloomy. It is said that the public mind there is in a most unsatisfactory condition, that a large portion of the people is disloyal, and that the Federal General Blunt is marching with a large force on Boggy Depot, and will probably enter that district and lay it waste. Lieutenant-Colonel Roberts, assistant adjutant-general, who is on duty at Bonham, has been to see me, and says that order can be restored if I can send up a reliable regiment not from that part of the country. I can send Pyron's regiment to Bonham instead of sending it to Louisiana, as I contemplated, it being embraced among the 1,500 men now in the field. There are, I am told, from 6,000 to 10,000 persons liable to military duty in the Northern Sub-District. Of these, several thousand can be got out by influential men like Throckmorton, using his influence as a State brigadier-general, but if the general would appoint Brigadier-General Throckmorton, who is a State brigadier, to have the same rank in the Confederate Army, we could thus secure his influence and utmost exertions, and furnish a brigadier-general to the reserve brigade.

Brigadier-General Throckmorton has, I am told, more influence in the Northern Sub-District than any other officer. He is gallant and distinguished on the field. I know there are objections, but I think they will disappear before the pressure of events. I have not the troops to defend both the Northern Sub-District and the rest of Texas, unless all who are capable of bearing arms can be got into the field and armed. If you have any later intelligence of the threatened invasion of the Northern Sub-District, please send it to me and keep me advised. Later information may reach department headquarters than that of Brigadier-General McCulloch.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-It is possible that the glorious victory you have won in Louisiana may prevent the advance of Blunt, but it must in some degree be provided for.

J. B. M.
HEADQUARTERS SABINE POST, Sabine Pass, Tex., April 20, 1864.

Captain L. G. ALDRICH,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Texas, &amp;c., Houston, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in consequence of Spaight's battalion having been ordered to Burr's Ferry, on the Sabine River, I have been compelled to evacuate the post at Calcasieu Pass. I deem it very important that a company should be kept at that place

