
in order to prevent the enemy from sending their launches up the river, and to enforce the several orders in regard to blockade-running and the exportation of cotton. There is nothing now to prevent the enemy from going up the Calcasieu or Mermentou and burning any of our vessels that may be about running the blockade. There is no company now here that can be spared for that purpose. I have at Sabine Pass and Fort Griffin only five infantry companies, one cavalry company, and two artillery companies. I therefore hereby make application that an additional company be sent to me to garrison the Calcasieu Pass and to guard the Calcasieu and Mermentou Rivers. A cavalry company would be preferred. As Captain Gibson's company, Daly's battalion, has been transferred to Colonel Benavides' command it is absolutely requisite that an additional cavalry company be sent to me before that company should be ordered away.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. GRIFFIN,

Colonel Twenty-first Texas, Commanding.
HDQRS. SIXTH BRIGADE, TEXAS STATE TROOPS, Brenham, April 20, 1864.

Major General J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,Commanding Dist. of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt by yesterday's mail of your favor of the 16th instant. I have issued a general order to the men of my district of both classes, urging them to respond at once to the call of duty, in accordance with the orders issued by yourself and His Excellency the Governor. At the time the orders were issued making a final disposition of the State troops the most of the troops in my camp at the reorganization had been detailed to bring in absentees, and those who remained left when the orders were issued. So I am left at present without even a nucleus around which to build up a new organization. I fear that all efforts will prove unavailing to get together any considerable number before the 11th of May. I assure you, general, that I esteem it no less a pleasure than a duty to co-operate officially and otherwise in every possible manner in bringing the troops into the field in the largest possible numbers and in the shortest possible time.

I am, general, very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. McADOO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Sixth Brigadier, Texas State Troops.

SHREVEPORT, April 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Magnolia:

I have just received the following dispatch directed to you:

General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

A large transport with 1,000 troops passed Galveston yesterday evening from the west, going east. The supposed force of the enemy upon our coast 5,000.

J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff.

The dispatch is dated Houston, April 21.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

