
make his way out of the country, but his force is now sufficiently strong to induce him, perhaps, to make a stand, and even undertake again to carry out his original intention of moving on Shreveport; at any rate he has not fully committed himself to any fixed policy. The general sent forward as many re-enforcements as he could possibly spare, and has even drawn to this quarter most of Duff's command, with the view of sending them forward to Louisiana if required. The garrison at Saluria has been recently increased by two regiments, and it may be necessary to order these troops back to the vicinity of Victoria to oppose the enemy, should they advance from Saluria.

The general directs me to say that you will, if your army can be supported, press the enemy and drive them from the Rio Grande if it can be done. The great distance from these headquarters to the Rio Grande prevents the possibility of giving specific orders, but the general is of the opinion that this is a suitable time for you to push the enemy in your front and drive him from the Rio Grande if it is in your power to do it. The general wishes you to communicate with him as often as possible, giving all particulars in regard to the enemy's movements, position, strength, &amp;c.

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, TEX., April 22, 1864.

Colonel J. BATES,

Commanding at Velasco:

If you have negroes who can be taken from the east side of the Brazos, transfer them by my order to the works at the mouth of the Caney for the purpose of leveling the rear of the work at that place. After this is done do the same in reference to the work at the mouth of the Bernard, and then return them to the places from which they were taken. In addition to this write a circular to the planters--there is every reason to think Admiral Farragut will be upon the coast very soon and that the forts at the mouth of the Caney and Bernard will probably be attacked by the navy in large force--that I cannot spare at this moment any troops in sufficient numbers to defend these works as they are; therefore, in this emergency, I direct that one-fourth of the hands between the ages of seventeen and fifty years of the counties Brazoria, Matagorda, Saint Bernard, and Wharton, be impressed in accordance with the impressment law, in addition to whatever hands they may have heretofore furnished, if they cannot be procured otherwise, bringing with them such spades, shovels, and hoes as the planters can send. In all cases where the planter proves that he has in the service of the Government more than one-fourth of his negroes between seventeen and fifty, the negroes brought out under this order will be returned after working the number of working days in a fortnight.

The exemptions granted to all negroes living within a circuit of 10 miles of Captain John Rugeley's house, for the purpose of building bridges, &c., are hereby terminated, as well as all special exemptions for the purpose of building bridges, working roads, &c., in any of the counties named. Any negroes serving as ferrymen, and previously so exempted, will remain so employed. Should the enemy land in force at Tres Palacios, or at any point on the coast by which he

