
can turn the works at Caney and the Bernard, after you shall have well ascertained it, withdraw the two batteries (Jones' and Hughes') to the east side of the Brazos at Columbia, by the most direct route if not threatened, via the mouth of the Brazos if threatened, informing me of his movements by rapid couriers. Always have preparations to burn the bridges, if you think they can be made serviceable to the enemy; but should you be informed from these headquarters that sufficient forces under the new organization can be furnished to prevent the enemy from turning the works at the mouth of the Caney, then the guns can remain in their present position. Should he advance from Tres Palacios have his march observed all the time. Communicate to these headquarters with the utmost rapidity whether he takes the road to Richmond or that to the mouth of the Brazos.

It is important to know if the enemy is re-enforcing or abandoning Saluria; procure this information, if possible, and inform these headquarters with all possible dispatch. It is impossible to provide for every case at this distance; in case not provided for expressly you will use your own judgment, and in order to be able to judge the following are the plans I desire you to know, in order that you may conform to them as far as in your power:

First. In our present weak state a large force of sailors and marines may take the works nearest the sea, at Caney and the mouth of the Bernard, when such a force could not probably take Brazos, San Luis Pass, Galveston, nor Sabine. Such a force would probably be foiled in attempting to take the more interior works at either of these places, because they are protected by creeks parallel with the works, to a greater or less extent; hence the necessity of opening the works nearest the beach in the rear, so as to enable our men, after they shall have been forced from them, to cross the bridges over the creeks, burn them, and defend the works behind them.

Second. I desire to strengthen the garrison by the new troops expected in a few weeks, and, should the enemy remain in his present force at Saluria, to concentrate sufficient of the new forces at Victoria and Texana to hold him in check.

Third. Should he advance before the new troops can be got out in this direction, I must meet him with the old troops at some place on the Brazos, where they can be concentrated by railroad, and withdraw them for this purpose from vital and important places to Richmond or Columbia. Should he proceed toward the mouth of the Brazos, that point must be defended to the last, and I will then throw these troops in his rear.

Fourth. Should the new troops get out before he advances I will substitute them as far as possible on the coast for such old troops as can be spared, and march them to Louisiana, or in case of a certainty of the enemy largely reducing his garrison at Saluria, I will, without waiting for the new troops, march such of the old troops as have heretofore been necessary for the defense of the coast to Louisiana to re-enforce General Smith.

I think it possible that the enemy is reducing his garrison at Saluria. As I before remarked, I wish as certain and rapid information of this as you can possibly obtain. All of the above which refers to our situation, strength, and plans you will consider strictly confidential.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

50 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

