
Trans-Mississippi Department. The successes which you have obtained are particularly well timed, and none can more heartily sympathize with them than myself. When your ordered me to send all my troops to Louisiana, except minimum garrisons, and to depend upon the State troops for the defense of this district, there was not a regiment of the latter in the field; nevertheless, I dispatched all as promptly as it was possible, except those absolutely necessary to maintain an appearance of defense on the coast. In anticipation of a speedy reorganization under the late conscript law, I hold on the railroad 1,500 men ready to march. Dispatches just received from Brigadier General H. E. McCulloch, stating that he is surrounded by almost insurmountable difficulties in his district, which he expects also to be invaded in a few days from Missouri, and asking for at least one reliable regiment of cavalry with which to operate, have induced me to order Pyron's regiment and a battery of artillery to his assistance, leaving about 1,100 men, whose services will be required at any point on the coast which might be attacked.

Not knowing the precise state of things in Louisiana, and anxious to do all I could toward enabling General Taylor to reap the fruits of the victory there gained, I was tempted to risk all before I could get other troops and send these old troops to General Taylor, but I received perfectly reliable information a few days since that the Federal General McClernand still had about 5,000 men at Saluria, was receiving horses and wagons, and was in daily expectation of re-enforcements from the North. Farragut's fleet is also expected on this coast, when the combined naval forces of the enemy will be very formidable. McClernand's forces can be transported to Galveston in twenty-four hours to assist in a naval attack on that place. Under these circumstances I do not think that I am justified in sending these troops to a distance until their places can be supplied with new troops. The enemy's forces on the Rio Grande I estimate at 4,000 or 5,000 men. Ford's forces cannot be over 1,500, including Benavides'. Seven companies of Anderson's new regiment have arrived at Tyler to guard the Federal prisoners. The other three companies will be sent there as soon as possible. I have as yet received no accession of strength from any quarter except Anderson's regiment, above mentioned. Under these circumstances I am determined to keep these 1,100 men in hand to endeavor to defend the coast at any point where it may be attacked, unless contrary orders are received from yourself.

I thank you, general, for your courtesy in leaving it to my option to remain in command of my district, or to proceed to Louisiana in command of the detachment of my army sent to General Taylor. I could have not coveted a higher honor than to have commanded these gallant men in the field; but it being left to my judgment, I felt that the public interest demanded imperiously that I should not leave my district until I had made some arrangements of an efficient character for its defense during my absence, and I hoped to have done this in time to participate in the expected battle in Louisiana or in Northeastern Texas. This pleasure was denied me, but I have succeeded in harmonizing the public mind, greatly agitated by the conflict between the laws of the C. S. Congress and those of the Texas Legislature, in securing the hearty co-operation of the Governor of the State, and in insuring the organization and disposition of the men in the State subject to conscription in such a manner as

