
there is a difference. As it would be very disastrous to revoke it, I do not feel at liberty to do [it] unless ordered by you. As it takes so much time to act in harmony with each other at the great distance which separates us, I would respectfully suggest that another order be published by General Greer simply directing that the order now prepared by him should go into effect on the 11th of May, and if there be any difference between it and the order already published by me, that it may be made to conform to my order, a copy of which has already been forwarded to your headquarters. I hope, general, that you will rest assured that whatever I have done in this case has been done solely with the purpose of strengthening your hands; for I have had complete and practicable evidence that wherever the Confederate authorities and that of the State came into conflict in Texas as to where the military services of the citizens not now in the field were due, so great is the desire of that class of citizens to stay at home that they would unhesitatingly make use of that conflict to avoid military service altogether, and certainly that of the Confederate States; nor is it by any means certain that this disposition would not be followed in some degree by a portion even of the Confederate troops serving in this department, either in or out of the State.

When the Governor first issued his proclamation claiming the conscript element in the State troops, you remember whole brigades disbanded and returned home. Immediately thereafter desertions from the Confederate troops became much more extensive. Now by my arrangement they will all be put upon the footing prescribed by the laws. The Legislature of this State is called by the Governor to meet in May to regulate some financial affairs. It is anticipated by most persons that this Legislature will be severe upon the Governor for having virtually given up the State organization prescribed by them at the last session. It is due to the Governor, to ourselves, and to the best interests of the Confederacy, in my judgment, that we should sustain him in the noble stand which he has taken on the side of the Confederacy and the interest of our common cause.

Believing that these views, when fully explained, will meet with your approbation, I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.

When I wrote the within I had not the law of Congress before me, but thought that the time allowed was thirty days. I have since found out that the time was sixty days.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES, Camp Angeles, April 23, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

A. A. G., C. S. Army, Major-General Magruder's Hdqrs.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I am on the march for Rio Grande city. I have requested Judge Pryor Lea to visit district headquarters and place the major-general commanding in posses-

