
sion of information I conceive of considerable importance, and I hope he will afford me the means of carrying into execution a plan which will drive the enemy from our soil. The Yankees are now concentrated in Brownsville. The troops from Eagle Pass have not arrived. I have not even heard from the commanding officer.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DUNCAN, Texas, April 23, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,Piedras Negras, Republic of Mexico:

I regret that it becomes my duty to call your attention to an act of open hostility to my Government, perpetrated so openly within the limits of your authority as to render it almost impossible that it could have escaped your attention or that of your authorities. A number of persons formerly residing in Texas have taken refuge from the just penalty of their crimes-have passed beyond the jurisdiction of the Confederate States into that of the Mexican Republic and are organized to invade this State. In relinquishing the right to pursue these felons to punishment wherever found the Confederate States have but made a just concession of respect to the sovereignty of Mexico, having full confidence that the comity which has always existed between the two nations and the friendly spirit which has characterized their intercourse and the vital interests of a trade mutually beneficial would be a sufficient guarantee that such a course of conduct would be pursued by all officials of that illustrious Republic as to insure and maintain the good feeling and sense of national justice which has thus far supplied the obligation of formal treaties.

I am now, however, informed that a person calling himself McManus is openly recruiting soldiers for the invasion of the Confederate States, and supplying these soldiers with rations from a store of provisions established for that purpose within the limits of your authority; that this so-called McManus has been permitted to open and read letters addressed by citizens of the Confederate States to their agents and friends and intrusted for safety to the sanctity of your posts, and this in his well-known capacity of recruiting agent and spy of the United States Government. A band of these thieves and renegades, organized under the protection of your national flag, recently (feeling themselves safe in doing so, from the well-known disposition of the C. S. authorities to respect the sanctity of the flag and territory of Mexico, and the confidence of that Government in the ability and disposition of Mexican officers to prevent these outrages upon national good fellowship) crossed to this side of the river and stole and carried away 8 horses engaged in carrying the C. S mail from San Antonio to this place, and these horses, although identified by the owner and having no other claimant, are still withheld from restitution.

I have now information, which I deem reliable, that the aforesaid renegades are armed, equipped, and organized to invade the territory

