
of the Confederate States. You cannot expect, with the disposition evinced by these repeated acts of hostility, the friendly relations existing between us can be long maintained, and I therefore consider it my duty, in view of the facts I have mentioned, and the facility with which any such expedition as that I have mentioned could be discovered and frustrated by your authorities if they had the disposition to do so, and their obligations to notify you that should any such band cross the Rio Grande it will be considered an act of declared hostility on your part; and however I may regret a rupture of our present amicable relations, I can but feel that the authorities of the Confederate States have done everything in their power to prevent such a result.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. WARE,

Captain, First Texas Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the Field, Monett's Ferry, La., April 25, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: If anything can add to the gratification I feel at our recent successes over the enemy in this State it is the receipt of the kind and generous expressions conveyed in your letter of the 16th instant, for I cannot forget the fact that for those successes I am in a great measure indebted to men whom you trained, and who, at Mansfield and Pleasant Hill, proved themselves nobly worthy of the heroes of Galveston and Sabine Pass. I am much pleased to learn that you have overcome the difficulties which embarrassed you with the Governor of Texas, and I join you in the hope that you will soon succeed in organizing a material increase to the army under your command.

When, before the recent advance of the enemy in this State, I called upon department headquarters for re-enforcements, I was informed that they would reach me on the 17th of March, and I naturally felt some disappointment that with so large a force opposing me they should begin to arrive in small bodies only on the 31st. I have since learned, however, that they delay was unavoidable. I was also disappointed that you did not accompany them, for I should most cheerfully have served under so tried and able a soldier, as I hope to prove should the occasion ever arise which would call you to my district or me to yours. Since the receipt of your letter I have driven the enemy from Natchitoches and from his fortifications at Grand Ecore, and am now 50 miles below the former place, pursuing him rapidly toward Alexandria. He is evidently greatly demoralized, and I have good reason to hope that I shall capture or make him destroy his large fleet, which I do not think the low and falling water will permit him to save.

I am, my dear general, with great regard, your friend and servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

