HEADQUARTERS BORDER REGIMENT, Gainesville, Tex., April 25, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. McCULLOCH,Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas:

GENERAL: Inclosed find two letters.* Captain Diamond is encamped on the West Fork of Trinity, east of the old Belknap road. The party that camped near Buffalo Station traveled out west near the road leading from Belknap to Radziminski, then turned south and crossed the old Belknap road leading from this place to Fort Belknap, all the main trails were leading in the direction of the Concho; the main body passed near Buffalo Station eight or ten days ago. Lieutenant Whaley came in and brings news from Captain Mains, of Montague, that the wives of the deserters from his company stated there were 1,000 men on the north side of Red River. A young man by the name of Carter came in this evening from Clear Creek; he has been with one of the deserters that has been lying out for three months, who told him that he was told by the party that had been encamped on Sandy that all that party were now high up on Beaver Creek, where there were about 3,000 Federals, who intended to make a raid in this country in about ten days. This is only rumor, although it came from different points. I will order Captain Diamond back, as he is too far behind them and his force is weak. I will send a party of men to the head of Beaver Creek. It is about 80 or 90 miles from this place. It is the best-watered stream in that country.

There may be a band of jayhawkers and Indians there, as it is on the same route that those heavy raids of Indians come in. At the same time I will send up to the head of Mud Creek, about 60 miles, and if they are in that country I will find them. Lieutenant Whaley says from the best information he can get there were 1,500 on the Concho. If there could be a force sent out to stop that party-they must have driven all the cattle from the border counties. There are certainly men on the Brazos and Colorado, a plenty to whip them and take all the stock they have.

Lieutenant Whaley also tells me that about two-thirds of the force at Buffalo Station and Fort Belknap deserted. We do not know if any have left Salt Creek Station or not. Captain Roland is here. I don't know anything of his business.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES BOURLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Frontier.

[First indorsement.]

HDQRS. NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Bonham, April 26, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the major-general commanding, who will see from this letter what the condition of things is supposed by some to be west and northwest of me. I think the whole matter overestimated, but there is not doubt that there are a good many deserters and disloyal men congregated in some two or three places west of us, who are determined to do nothing for our cause, and probably all they can against us, and if the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

