
enemy comes, or they have sufficient strength themselves, may turn upon our exposed frontier and do us much damage. I have no force to resist them.

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., Houston, May 3, 1864.

Respectfully returned. It is hoped that with the assistance of force sent to you-Pyron's, Duff's, and Frontier regiments, and two batteries-you will be able to capture the deserters and the stock. If Colonel Bourland will apply for a leave of absence, Colonel Townes will be placed in command of his troops.

By command of Brigadier-General Hebert:

L. G. ALDRICH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., April 26, 1864.

General N. G. SHELLEY,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have received your letter inquiring, by direction of the Governor of Texas, whether there are any arms subject to distribution to the States, and, if so, requesting that the quota of Texas be placed as far south or west as practicable with safety. I am informed by the Chief of Ordnance, from whom I called for a report on the subject, that after arming exchanged prisoners the surplus of arms in our possession will not be large, and, in view of possible contingencies, it is not deemed judicious to diminish that reserve. Every effort is being made to send arms from Havana to the coast of Texas, and with fair success. The Department has every disposition to meet the wishes of the Governor of Texas, and will be gratified, should future opportunities and supplies allow it, to furnish the arms needed.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., April 26, 1864.

Captain FAUNTLEROY,Commanding Light Artillery, Minden, La.:

CAPTAIN: General E. Kirby Smith directs that you proceed with the two batteries under your command without delay to his headquarters, in the field in Arkansas, and report to him for duty. You will follow the route taken by Walker's division. The general commanding further directs that you send by return courier to this office a report of the number and caliber of your guns and the amount of ammunition you will carry with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

