
not be able to overtake them, and that we will only be able to run them out of the country. The officer in pursuit says their number cannot exceed 500. I have no idea that it will reach 200 in any one body, though there are doubtless 500 or over in that section of country that are now engaged in making efforts to leave the country and go to the enemy, either at Forts Smith or Gibson or some part of New Mexico, this spring.

There are two companies of the Frontier Regiment stationed east of Fort Belknap that I desire placed at that post or west of it, as I think (owing to their uncertain loyalty) they may be more in our way than they do good; but I cannot find who commands them, and hence do not know where to apply to get them removed from their present localities. The militia force on that frontier have responded promptly to Major Quayle's orders, and many of them are now in active service, but having to furnish themselves they cannot remain from home but a few days at a time, and finding many of them disposed to enter Confederate service I directed Colonel Bourland to fill the vacancies that have occurred in his companies by desertion to the enemy, and then raise two companies in Major Quayle's district, with his consent, for the war, to be attached to his Border Regiment, all of which I hope will be approved by the major-general commanding, as there is a great necessity for strengthening our forces in that immediate vicinity to give confidence to the people and guard against raids with which we are threatened.

This regiment also occupies a position from which it could be thrown speedily to Fort Washita or Boggy Depot, to re-enforce either point should it be necessary; hence I desire to fill it as early as possible, and it would probably be better to do it from men who live in that section (if loyal, and Colonel Bourland will receive none other) and are disposed to enter the Confederate service for their own protection and the defense of their own immediate section of country.

Colonel Bourland is getting old, is in feeble health, and desires to be relieved from service. The major of the regiment is an excellent man and very good major, or would be a very good lieutenant-colonel; but this is an important command, and needs a man of energy and force of character as well as good executive qualifications to fill the position of colonel and commander, and I desire some first-rate officer placed in command, which could be done by simply relieving Colonel Bourland, filling the regiment, making the major lieutenant-colonel, and assigning some good colonel to the command, and I will here mention Colonel N. W. Townes as a suitable man for the position.

Most respectfully,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-Dist.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, In the Field, April 27, 1864.

Governor H. W. ALLEN:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 24th instant, informing me that you had ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Favrot with his command of the State Guard to report to you. I must confess my astonishment that these orders were issued directly to that officer, without any previous intimation of your intention being made to me. Engaged with but limited

