
the lake coast, I telegraphed you inquiring whether I should assume command immediately. Failing to get an answer, and determining to get to work without further delay, I went to Colonel Taylor's headquarters to-day to enter upon my duties at once, and fortunately found him returned and relieved him of command. On examining the reports in the office of adjutant-general, I find in camp for duty in this district only 604 guns, and they are encamped at a distance from the river, varying from 30 to 50 miles, in perfect inactivity.

By way of altering all this, and for purposes of inspection and organization, I have ordered them all into a brigade rendezvous at Clinton, and as soon as they are assembled shall move down to the river and keep them as actively employed as possible. In a circular to the troops of the district I have felt authorized, after my last conversation with you, to offer all absentees (non-commissioned officers and privates) an amnesty of ten days, at the expiration of which time the most vigorous measures will be taken to apprehend and punish the deserters.

Regarding the moral condition of the citizens, I have had no time yet to post myself fully, but am of the opinion that I shall have but little trouble with them. Where a people has become dispirited and contentious as these are represented to be, the best course for a military commander to pursue is to keep his troops always in front of the enemy, and by activity and success he will scarcely fail to silence the dissatisfied and inspirit the desponding. But it is nevertheless true that this trouble is in a great measure due to the unpardonable manner in which the commissary and quartermaster's departments have been managed here. Nothing could have been more neglected. The impressments were illegally made and nothing paid for. Every producer has his pockets full of informal receipts, but no money. There is, in fact, not enough Confederate currency to pay taxes with in this district, and as almost a matter of course, greenbacks are quite a circulating medium through the country. I have learned nothing reliable yet of the strength and disposition of the enemy's forces, but have taken steps to do so.

I regret that my guns were not in readiness to come with me, but learn that the Sawyers and Napoleons leave Shubuta to-morrow. An additional battery of Parrotts, say 10-pounders, will be absolutely necessary for winding up the navigation of the river, and I hope, general, you will order four of them to be turned over to Captain Holmes. In conclusion, general, I have only to add that the equipments of troops in this district are insufficient and indifferent, and it will be necessary for me to return my ordnance officer to your headquarters for a supply.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding District.

HOUSTON, TEX., April 28, 1864.

Colonel JOHN S. FORD,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy has sent re-enforcements to Banks in Louisiana. Now is your time. He orders that you press forward with all your forces

