
and endeavor to drive the enemy from the Rio Grande, and doubt less your brave followers will make easy work of it. Official dispatches have just been received from General Smith, in Arkansas, of another victory at or near Pine Bluff; killed 1,000 and captured 500. Banks is trying to escape from Taylor. Wharton and Bee are between him and Alexandria. A raid is expected soon from Missouri into North Texas. The major-general commanding has sent General McCulloch all the said he could. He goes himself to command a corps d'armee in Arkansas to-day. He takes temporary command, leaving General Hebert here in command. Address Brigadier-General Slaughter as usual. The major-general commanding has ordered the Frontier Regiment to McCulloch. God speed you!

L. G. ALDRICH,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HAVANA, April 30, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, Texas:

GENERAL: I have the pleasure to say I ship you by the steamer Susannah 200 Enfield rifles and 320 muskets purchased here, and 500 Enfield rifles shipped to this place from Nassau to me, and turned over to Lieutenant Stanard; on the latter I have paid all charges here; for the former I inclose you herewith invoice and bills of lading. I presume Lieutenant Stanard will forward you invoice and bill of lading for the 500 rifles shipped in his name. I should have sent you a larger quantity, but the steamer is small and the owners could not well take more.

I have in hand some 6,000 Enfield rifles, which, however, are not paid for, and am in advance over $40,000 to the Ordnance Department. Colonel Gorgas is exceedingly anxious to supply your department with arms and such other munitions of war as you require; he will push forward cotton here from Mobile to enable me to comply with my several contracts, but a few cargoes or parts of cargoes from Texas would be of infinite service, as the funds expected to be received here through the efforts of the Chief of Ordnance may all be required to pay for supplies already urgently requested, and which I am daily purchasing and sending in anticipation of the receipts of cotton from Mobile, which may never arrive. I therefore repeat that to insure your receiving supplies needed, avail yourself of the inclosed regulations.

I hope the steamers Alice and Isabel, even though already loaded when this reaches you, may bring for the Government a few hundred bales each. I could then send you such a return cargo as would delight your gallant army. I have just received my mail from Richmond, and inclose you copy of a letter received from Lieutenant Colonel Thomas L. Bayne, chief of the Cotton and Foreign Supply Bureau, for your information.

I have explained to your aide-de-camp, Major Magruder, the condition of affairs here very fully, who will communicate the same to you in person.

I am, general, with very great respect, your obedient servant,

CH. J. HELM.

