
Hamer is a strong sympathizer, to say the least, of the firm of McDowell &amp; Co., for whose benefit this army has been run. Please ask Captain Cantine, chief commissary of subsistence, to have Captain Adams retained in his present position, unless it is his desire to make the troops here entirely dependent on General Blunt and his combination of interest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Dist. of the Frontier, Dept. of Arkansas.

Very respectfully,

N. KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., April 7, 1864.

Colonel C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding Post of Little Rock, Ark.:

The general commanding directs me to say that he wishes you to relieve all local provost-marshals at this post, and order them to report for duty to the commanding officers of the detachments of the divisions to which they belong, excepting only Major George r. French, Twenty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and that all books, papers, and records of their offices be taken charge of by you. He directs that should you find the duties of the post provost-marshal too onerous for one officer, you detail and place on duty such as you may deem proper, in sufficient force to perform all its duries thoroughly.

He directs that during the absence of the major-general commanding the department you will inform your command and instruct your guards and pickets that they will be instructed in their duties only by you or by orders properly transmitter through you, and that they will respect and permit no passes except as are given by the assistant adjutant-general of the department and at these or your own headquarters. He directs that you cause all papers to be taken up and returned to your office for examination. The swarms of guerrillas and scouts of the enemy in rear of the army with the major-general commanding, and in the country around this post, render the exercise of the strictest vigilance necessary, and the general commanding expects you to use every exertion in your power to break up the passing of improper persons through the lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, April 7, 1864 - 12 m.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

It is impossible to get horses to mount the Third Michigan and Seventh Kansas at present. Every effort will be made by Brigadier-General Davidson, in charge of the bureau. I will do all I can for you; call on my whenever you have need.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

