
RICHMOND, VA., May 2, 1864.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Abingdon, Va.:

Special orders from this office of the 28th April assigns you to duty in Trans-Mississippi Department, and directs you to report in person to General Smith with the least practicable delay.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 2, 1864.

General E. K. SMITH,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The attention of the War Department has been repeatedly called to the fact that men belonging to regiments east of the Mississippi River are now in the Trans-Mississippi Department. As it is impracticable to return these men to their legitimate commands at present, the Secretary of War directs that the men belonging to regiments serving east of the Mississippi River who, for any cause, have been detained in the Trans-Mississippi Department be permanently transferred to regiments of their choice from the same State, in the some arm of the service, now serving on that side of the river. You will please cause this order to be carried into effect without delay, so far as it can be done without violating any principle and with a proper regard for the rights and feelings of the men. Let the men select their companies, and you will forward their names, the names of the company, regiment, &c., to which they now legally belong, and the name of the organization selected by them, to this office, that they may be assigned on orders from the War Department. Corresponding orders have been issued in reference to troops similarly situated on this side of the Mississippi.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

OFFICE INSP. OF FIELD TRANSP., DIST. OF ARK.,

Camden, May 2, 1864.

Major C. D. HILL,

Chief Insp. Field Transportation, Trans-Miss. Dept.:

MAJOR: Everything in this district for the last month has been actively on the move. On the 18th, General Price captured and destroyed a wagon train of 240 wagons, and on the 24th, General Fagan captured and destroyed about the same number at Marks' Mills, on the road from this to Pine Bluff, 112 of which, with 676 mules and a large lot of harness, we have received. The balance of the wagons were burned on the field. When General Steele evacuated this place he cut up and destroyed about 100 wagons and threw the harness in the river, all of which has been saved. I am now engaged at Prairie D'Ane, Marks' Mills, at this place, and on the field of the 18th collecting the iron of the burnt wagons and removing them to places of safety. They have been in most cases appropriated

51 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

