
by the citizens. A severe fight occurred between our forces and General Steele's at Jenkins' Ferry on the 30th. Our loss heavy. Enemy driven form the field, but I do not know what our ability is to follow.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. MORGAN,

Major and Inspector District of Arkansas.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 7, 1864.

The amount of transportation captured to date at Mansfield, 200 good wagons and 40 damaged, 1,000 mules, in bad condition; in Arkansas, over 800 wagons and over 4,000 mules.

C. D. HILL,

Major and Insp. Field Transportation, Trans-Miss. Dept.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,May 2, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas:

GENERAL: Let me thank you for your prompt compliance with my telegram. The campaign here has for the present virtually closed. The perfect desolation of the country and the absence of supplies of every kind makes a further prosecution of it now impossible. The probable occupation of Alexandria by Banks will make it necessary to move a portion of the infantry to Taylor's assistance. The permanent occupation of that strategic point by the enemy would be a serious evil to us. Our defeat of Steele in the Saline Bottom on the 30th ultimo was complete, though attended with severe loss. He destroyed and abandoned pontoon train and transportation, placing the Saline, which [had] overflowed its banks and covered the bottom, between us and his defeated and disorganized command. He has lost in the campaign over 1,300 killed, between 500 and 600 wounded (which have fallen into our hands), 1,400 prisoners, over 800 wagons, over 4,000 mules, and 11 pieces of artillery. Two brigades or his army have ben destroyed and full 5,000 men put hors de combat. The troops are ordered back of the Ouchita. I shall probably return soon to Shreveport, after ordering a cavalry command north of the Arkansas to destroy the railroad and cut of Steele's supplies. Under the circumstance the administration of your district had better be resumed by yourself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HDQRS. FRONTIER REGIMENT OF TEXAS CAVALRY,Camp Verde, Tex., May 2, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c., Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: I exp[ect to leave in a few days for Austin, and before doing so I feel it my duty under the circumstances to give you in a few words my views of the present condition and future prospects

