
of this immediate frontier, for if the destitute condition of the northern frontier you have already been apprised. In the first place, the good and loyal citizens of the southwestern frontier are very apprehensive for their personal safety, in the absence of any Confederate troops on the line. Their property they know will be driven to Mexico by deserters and renegades, and in the event of any provocation they themselves plundered and murdered. Very many of the men in the militia organizations are connected in some way with those who have fled the country, and I am credibly informed that bands of lawless men are already organized to rob and plunder the country as soon as the regiment is removed.

There never has been a time in my knowledge when regular organized troops were so badly needed here. Their presence at this time would be of incalculable benefit to the entire country, and without them I sincerely believe that the country will be devastated, and the good citizens reluctantly forced to retreat to the interior. The frontier will be broken up, and the outer line be thrown back to San Antonio and Austin, from 80 to 100 miles inside of the present line. Moreover, I believe that civil strife will be inaugurated on this border in less than three months form the present date, if troops are not thrown along the line from this post to the Rio Grande. The seeds are already sown, and they need but the absence of regular troops to insure a plentiful harvest of misery and devastation. In my opinion, general, it is of the utmost importance that one company at least should be ordered to the permanent occupation of Camp Verde, for the twofold purpose of protecting the camels, some 80 in number, belonging to the Confederate States, and for the protection of the surrounding country. That district is a key to several counties, and its occupation will afford protection to a large section of country.

Hoping that you will give this matter an early consideration, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. McCORD,

Colonel Frontier Regiment of Texas Cavalry.

Abstract from field return of Shelby's brigade of Missouri cavalry, Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby commanding, for May 3, 1864; camp at Bullock's.

Present for duty.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate	 Aggregate

 	 	 present.	 present

 	 	 	 and

 	 	 	 absent.

General staff	 6	 ---	 6	 6

Shanks' regiment	 35	 202	 335	 513

Gordon's regiment	 29	 198 	 227	 362

Smith's regiment	 33	 308 	 342	 568

Hunter's and	 28	 174	 206	 226

Pickler's

battalions

Collins' battery	 5	 47	 62	 78

Total	 136 	 1,019 	 1,178	 1,753

NOTE. - Major Elliott's battalion absent on scout; 150 men as guard with prisoners captured at Marks' Mills.

