HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUB-DISTRICT,Victoria, May 4, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to state that I have just returned after a week's absence at Lavaca and Indianola. The information I have collected leaves me to believe that all the white troops except 200 or 300 cavalry have been removed from Saluria and sent to Louisiana. I think it entirely reliable that Warren's brigade have left and that their place has been supplied by a regiment of colored troops. I am informed that the enemy have no confidence in their colored troops; that Warren thought it unsafe to leave them at Saluria without white troops; that the negroes mutinied on account of their pay, $7 per month; that 1 was shot by an officer; that 50 or 60 were court-martialed and sentenced to one, two, and three years on the Tortugas; that they absolutely refused to receive their pay, and that numbers of them would desert if they had a chance; that the enemy have sixteen forts at Saluria, three fronting Broad Bayoy, the remainder fronting the lower end of the island. the first three are mounted with six 24-pounders, one 12-pounder field pieces; that Captain Deitz, of the Engineer corps, who deserted from us, has plans of our works at Galveston and Velasco, and is now a member of General McClernand's staff. While at Broad Bayou I counted three large steamers, one tug, one schooner then in the harbor; two schooners went out over the bar, one steamer (blockader) lying outside. The best place to observe the enemy at Saluria is from Decrow's Point. I am told they seldom visit the point and that it would be very easy for a scout to secrete himself in the sand-hills and keep informed of all their movements. A man named William Moore, Company K, Hobby's regiment (at present detailed on the J. F. Carr), volunteers his services for this duty. I respectfully suggest that Captain Marmion, commanding the Marine District, be directed to employ Moore as a scout. The only point of observation on this side of the bay is below Alligator Head, near Broad Bayou, about 10 miles from Powder Horn.

The road to this place is dangerous and difficult on account of the boggy land, and a thorough knowledge of the country is necessary to enable the scout to make his escape in case the enemy's gun-boats should come up the bay. I deemed it important to place a good man at this point and one who is familiar with shipping, an therefore temporarily detailed Private Thomas Maine, Captain Woodward's company, Waller's battalion, Green's brigade, to act as my scout at this point and one who is familiar with shipping, and therefore temporarily detailed Private Thomas Maine, Captain Woodward's company, Waller's battalion, Green's brigade, to act as my scout at this point, and I respectfully request that application may be made for his permanent detail for this duty. The double-barrel guns sent me from Houston have arrived. These guns were sent in answer to my request to be supplied with fifty of the most suitable arms for cavalry service. The enemy had long-range guns; they can select their distance on the prairie and disable our men before we can get up to the range where the shotgun is effective. On the road to Powder Horn from this place there is scarcely a point for an ambush or an object that will afford the least protection to the men.

The country is an open prairie, and with all deference to the opinion of my superiors I beg leave to say that, in my opinion, for service on these prairies our cavalry ought to be provided with the

