
longest range arms we can procure. If these shotguns can be exchanged for rifles I would be glad to do so; if not, we must do the best we can with such arms as we can get. I think it necessary that other troops should be ordered to this point. Having sent a portion of my force to Texana, I have but about 100 men in this immediate neighborhood. Captain Webb's company, ordered to me on April 6, have not reported. Captain Cloud's company ran away to report to Colonel Ford. I am in hopes Captain Denman's company of the reserve corps may yet be ordered here. I am in hopes also that Lieutenant-Colonel Mann's battalion can be spared for service at this point. Should the enemy land 500 cavalry they could advance to this point and destroy this town with perfect impunity.

I am satisfied that the enemy are fully informed as to our strength here. Parties of negroes and deserters are continually going down of saluria, and it will require all my present force to prevent force to prevent this in the future. I therefore respectfully request that I may be re-enforced by Lieutenant-Colonel Mann's battalion, if possible. The man Prounty mentioned in my communication from Lavaca as accused of giving information to the enemy was arrested near this place by my orders and placed under guard. Last night the guard was overpowered by some unknown parties and Prouty was taken out and hung. There is not the slightest doubt of Prouty's guilt, but I sincerely regret that the citizens should have taken this course for his punishment. I inclose papers* found on his person after his death. Judge Allen, of Indianola, has escaped from Saluria. I expect to get much valuable information from him, which I will forward as soon as received.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

O. STEELE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

5TH.

P. S. - I inclose report of Captain Upton. There are contradictory reports in town of the landing of the enemy's boats at Indianola. I deem it improbable, as I have heard nothing from my scouts to-day.

[Inclosure.]

NEAR LAMAR, REFUGIO COUNTY, TEX., May 1, 1864.

Colonel O. STEELE,

Commanding 3rd Sub-Dist., Forces of the West, Victoria, Tex.:

COLONEL: Late yesterday evening my pickets at Cape Carlos brought to me 2 men and a boy, escaped from the enemy at Saluria. They were taken prisoners in December last, in the bay. The had passes (one of which i inclose+) to go to Arkansas (Mustang) and Brazos Santiago. Instead of going thither, they made their escape from Saint Joseph across the reef and dug out to the mainland at Cape Carlos, and surrendered themselves to my pickets. They being known here as loyal citizens, I passed them to their homes at Flower Bluffs. They inform me of the force of the enemy, &c., as follows: At Saluria there are about 4,000 negro troops, and 600 or 800 whites.

---------------

*Not found.

+Omitted.

---------------

