
In the last week two regiments of whites have left for New Orleans; also that troops have left Brownsville for the same point to re-enforce Banks (they acknowledge a small defeat in Louisiana). When the prisoners left Saluria the enemy were planning an attack on Matagorda and the gun-boats Carr and Dale, to be made in a dark, still night. I hope this may reach you in time to warn the commander there, should you deem the information sufficient to warrant a special courier. I have no doubt myself of the relievity of the escaped prisoners. They say the expedition was planned by one Gray, formerly of Lavaca, a good pilot, &amp;c.; also that one Jones, formerly of Matagorda, is engaged in it, both renegades, as I understand from these men.

There is but one general officer left at Saluria, General Roberts, a man well advanced in years. There is great disaffection among the negro troops. The free negroes of the North and the escaped slaves do not harmonize, and if there was the least chance of deliverance, the slaves would undoubtedly embrace the opportunity to return to their masters. My pickets, at their different posts, report all 	quiet within my line of duty. Should the enemy on Mustang remain quiet, as I think they will for the present, I shall visit Victoria in a short time, in the hope of a personal interview with the commander of the Third Sub-District. Will you inform me, colonel, by the return of my courier, when I may be likely to find you at your headquarters?

I have the honor to be, colonel, yours, respectfully,

E. P. UPTON,

Commanding Local Defense Company for Refugio County.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 105. Richmond, May 5, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XX. Major Samuel K. Hays, quartermaster, is relieved from present duty and will report to Major General S. B. Buckner for assignment to duty in Trans-Mississippi Department.

XXI. Lieutenant A. C. Gibson, acting ordnance officer, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Major General S. B. Buckner for assignment to duty in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHREVEPORT, May 5, 1864.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT,

Commanding, &c., Houston:

Send Waul's Legion to Alexandria via Niblett's Bluff, to report to General Taylor as rapidly as possible. Send Terry's or Bradford's regiment to relieve Colonel Spaight, and with Nichols' battery to drive off enemy from Calcasieu Pass. Spaight's battalion may be used for same purpose, if necessary, after which Spaight will proceed to Alexandria, escorting Nichols' battery. Depots of corn and

