
yesterday evening or this morning. Lieutenant Garza was immediately sent in that direction with 50 men. This morning the Camargo people fired a cannot every ten or fifteen minutes for some time - probably celebrating some saint's day. Lieutenant Garza heard the firing; supposed we were engaged and returned, after having gone almost to the Couras.

The enemy are reported in the neighborhood of Edinburg. I have ordered Colonel Benavides to come up with all his command save one company. I shall attempt to flank the Yankees by way of Sol del Rey, moving at the some time in their front. Captain Littleton has been ordered to march directly to this point with his company, Barker's, Scott's, and Doty's. Major Fly will remain in command of the line of the Nueces; he will place one company at San Fernando, one at Los Cavallos, and one at Santa Rosa. Supplies are coming to us from Matamoras. Don Rafael Lopez, of Camargo, is furnishing us with what we require for the moment. I think the arrangement with Campbell &amp; Co. will be sufficient to supply me.

An express left Camargo yesterday morning to notify the enemy of our arrival. With the exception of the forward movement in the direction of Edinburg, I shall for a short while occupy a line from Ringgold to Corpus Christi, and induce the Yankees to believe we intend to act on the defensive. Judge Pryor Lea and Major Russell have already explained the motive for this. I have invited the Mexicans to return to this bank and peaceably pursue their vocations. In this connection I issued an order, a copy* of which is forwarded. It will be some time before the court-martial directed by the major-general commanding can be assembled without great detriment to the service.

I will endeavor to have the instructions of the major-general commanding concerning cotton executed, but in many instances it will be impossible to furnish the required information. It would be difficult to identity bales unmarked, found secreted in the chaparral. I again inclose a requisition for blanks, and urge the necessity for their being immediately forwarded. The Mexicans say that the Yankees surrendered Mr. Rijon, Governor Vidauri's secretary of state, to Cortina without any demand from the latter.

They are anxious to have the extradition treaty enforced. Major Russell informs me there is some probability that President Juarez will permit the Yankees to enter Tamaulipas and march upon Laredo. Captain Samuel reports that Colonel Stockton reguses to turn over ordnance or ordnance stores to him unless him requisition is approved by the lieutenant-general commanding.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, AJDT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 106. Richmond, May 6, 1964.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XX. Major General J. H. Forney, Provisional Army, C. S., will proceed without delay to Shreveport, La., and report to General E. K. Smith, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, for assignment to duty.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

