
XXII. Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Claiborne will repair to the headquarters of Trans-Mississippi Department and report for duty to General E. K. Smith, commanding that department.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND INFANTRY DIVISION,In the Field, May 6, 1864.

Major T. A. FARIES, Chief of Artillery, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that your order the battery of siege guns to move immediately via Cheneyville to Lloyd's Bridge.

I am, major, very respectfully, &c.,

J. C. MONCURE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 19. Shreveport, La., May 6, 1864.

The allowance of transportation to the troops in the Trans-Mississippi Department when in the field will be as follows: One 6-mule wagon to every 100 men; one 6-mule wagon to each regimental headquarters' one 6-mule wagon to each regimental medical staff; one 6-mule wagon to each brigade headquarters; two 6-mule wagons to each division headquarters; three 6-mule wagons to each commanding general of a corps; four 6-mule wagons to each division, for field hospital service; one 6-mule wagon to every battery of 100 men; two 6-mule foraging wagons to each field battery. The ordnance train of each brigade will be sufficient to carry 100 rounds of ammunition, including the rounds carried by the troops of the brigade. The chief quartermasters of divisions will retain a sufficient number of wagons to carry eight days' subsistence for the troops of the division, and one forage wagon for every six wagons allowed to the command by this order. The division wagons will be divided into trains of twenty-one wagons each, three of the wagons in each twenty-one to be forage wagons. All the serviceable wagons and teams of the different commands of this department, except those allowed in this order, will be turned over to the chief quartermaster of each district, and all unserviceable wagons and teams will be turned over to the district inspector of field transportation.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHREVEPORT, May 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General HEBERT, Houston, Tex.:

Pyron's and Duff's regiments and Dashiell's battery, intercepted at Crockett and Navasota, to move direct to Alexandria. Nichols' battery, intercepted at the same places, to join the force sent by you to Calcasieu.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

