
from the Red River Valley. Had our whole force been pushed on Banks' retreating column it could not have been subsisted, would have effected little more than has been accomplished, and Steele might have advanced on Shreveport, destroyed our shops, and brought Taylor back too late to remedy the evil. The movement here was made with the approval [of] Taylor's judgment. The only change made was that I came in command when he was to have commanded the troops. Divisions for the movement were selected by himself. I care not what is said. I do not fear that I shall be injured. I feel that I have acted conscientiously and, I believe, wisely and in accordance with true military principles. General Steele has lost all his transportation. Thayer was killed and Steele wounded.* Two hundred and fifty wagons were left in and near the Saline Bottom, the Federals throwing away their arms and evidencing the greatest demoralization in their rout. I have ordered the cavalry across the Arkansas to destroy the railroad and operate on his communications. Steele may yet be compelled to evacuate before our infantry returns for a campaign in Arkansas. I thank you again, Governor, for the kindly feeling you have always evidenced and the hearty co-operation given me. You will always find it remembered and reciprocated by,

Respectfully and sincerely, yours,

E. KIRBY SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND INFANTRY DIVISION,In the Field, Lecompte, La., May 7, 1864.

Major T. A. FARIES,

Chief of Artillery, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that you use every means possible in your power to obtain a pair of timber wheels and oxen to remove from the bank of the river in the direction of Paul's, where they can be turned over to Colonel Brent, the two Parrott guns captured from the gun-boats of the enemy. It is very important and desirable that these grunts of our victories over the enemy's gun-boats shall be saved to us as well as lost to them. Indeed, the general would express his earnest wish that you should use every exertion to take away and turn over to Colonel Brent any number or all of the captured guns.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. MONCURE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, May 7, 1864.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Shreveport, La.:

Information from Saluria states Brigadier-Generals Dana and McClernand, with two brigades, gone to Louisiana. Force on the island still large, from 4,000 to 6,000, expecting re-enforcements, accumulating vast supplies and transportation. They now have 150 cavalry and 200 mounted infantry and 50 Texas scouts.

P. O. HEBERT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*A mistake in both cases.

---------------

