
SHREVEPORT, May 7, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Camden, Ark.:

Your dispatches in regard to the disposition of Pyron's and Duff's regiments, Waul's Legion, Dashiell's and Nichols' batteries, have been received and orders sent in accordance with your directions. I have just received from General Hebert the following dispatch, dated at Houston to-day:

Griffin attacked the enemy at Calcasieu yesterday morning; captured 2 gunboats (Granite City and Wave), 16 guns, and about 80 prisoners.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHREVEPORT, May 7, 1864.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT,

Houston, Tex.:

The following dispatch has been received from General Smith:

Dashiell's and Nichol's batteries, Waul's Legion, Pyron's and Duff's regiments, will remain in Texas, subject to order of Major-General Magruder.

Orders have been sent to all but Waul's Legion to halt. Where is it? Your dispatch of the capture of Calcasieu has been received and sent to General Smith.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Lecompte, May 8, 1864.

Major T. A. FARIES,Chief of Artillery, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs me to express his unqualified satisfaction with the energy displayed by you in removing the guns from the captured gun-boats. The general desires you also, if it can be done by any means, to have the ammunition referred to in your communication of the 7th instant removed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. C. MONCURE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHREVEPORT, May 9, 1864.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT:

Thanks for the affair at Calcasieu; thank in order those engaged. Banks will now invade the coast of Texas. Let Major Cave announce this in a short proclamation, signed by myself, and order reserve corps, whether regiments or battalions or single companies, except Northern Sub-District, to march at once to designated points near the coast, sending in muster-rolls forthwith. Order Major Pendleton to keep 20,000 rations at Burr's Ferry and thence to Hemstead, at points already designated, the same amount, and Major Bloomfield to have at least 2,000 bushels of corn at Burr's Ferry and each

