
of other points. Depots at Sabinetown and Nacogdoches not needed at present can be drawn from. Corn and provisions for 10,000 men must also be sent to points designated on Alexandria and Calcasieu road, and 40,000 rations and 2,000 bushels of corn must be kept at Niblett's Bluff and Beaumont each, and 20,000 rations and 2,000 bushels of corn at Hempstead, independent of couriers' supplies, and depots of supplies established east and between East Bernard and Victoria, and particularly within reach of the mouth of Caney, besides supplying rest of the coast. According to previous orders, Major Burk has orders to turn over all the transportation except twenty wagons. Tell him to turn over the twenty for Clemson from upper Texas. Troops necessary to defense of Sabine Pass should be sent without delay from Calcasieu, leaving what may be necessary at latter place. I shall leave in four days for Houston.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., No. 130. Houston, May 9, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XII. Brigadier General J. M. Hawes will order five companies of Cook's regiment to proceed to Hempstead, Tex., as soon as practicable, and take post.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Magruder:

E. P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT,

Bonham, Tex., May 9, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Dept., Shreveport:

GENERAL: I herewith inclose copies of letters from Major Thomas and Major Lanigan, with my reply, from which you will see that the means afforded are entirely inadequate to the service required of me, and that I am constantly called upon to render service which requires me to assume responsibilities and powers that do not belong to me or allow our army to suffer. These things ought not to be so; the duties of this position are sufficient to tax the energies of both body and mind of a man of my capacity to the utmost, if we were afforded all the means necessary to enable him to work its machinery properly, and when he has nothing furnished it is more than he can do to keep things moving, and I am at last driven to the mortification, for want of the necessary means, to se our friends, who are in front of the enemy, suffer for bread and bacon when they no doubt believe it is my fault. Several months ago the proper requisitions were made for transportation; not a great while after that I thought I could see that I would probably not get anything by it, and in an emergency asked for funds to buy transportation with, and was answered that a large amount of funds had been turned over to Captain E. A. Burk for that purpose and

