
that none could be furnished me; since that I have several times, directly and thought my chief quartermaster, Major King, tried to obtain transportation through the legitimate channels, and if we have obtained a single wagon or mule except by our direct exertions under my orders to purchase, hire, or impress, I do not know it.

I have often mentioned in my letters to district headquarters that I was directed from department headquarters to furnish supplies to the District of Indian Territory, upon requisition approved by the commanding officer thereof, and that I was constantly being called on by them to furnish supplies of various kinds, and that I could not comply with these demands without I was furnished means to do it with, and that I occupied a position here that rendered it necessary constantly to forward supplies to Arkansas and Louisiana; also that heavy details were necessary to be made from the small command. I had to drive beef, hogs, thrash grain, grind flour, make barrels, &amp;c., and hunt up and catch deserters and absentees from the army, and send them to their commands, and that I needed additional force, but none was sent me until within the last few days. I am officially informed that two cavalry regiments and two batteries have been sent up to me, and I suppose are now on their march. I have tried to labor and not complain, and would be wiling to do so still if i could see that I was to have the necessary funds even to pay the debts that I have been compelled to contract, and to buy such things as I have been and am compelled to take from the people, but i have despaired of that and do not feel that I can be censured, chided, or blamed for asking respectfully to be relieved from a command in which I have done myself no credit and my country but little, if any, good, and in which I can see but little hope of doing good in future under the circumstances.

It is exceedingly humiliating to me to ask to be relieved from the command of a district which I leave in no better condition than I found it, and one in which neither the life nor property of the citizens are safe from thieves, robbers, and murderers who infest it, and I have held on long and struggled hard to avoid this mortification, but I cannot see far enough in the future to see the "brighter day," and hope I will be relieved at once and sent wherever the department commander may think proper to send me.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.

[Inclosure No. 1.] OFFICE CHIEF PURCHASING COM. OF SUB., 4TH DIST., Paris, Tex., May 6, 1864.

GENERAL:

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

I wrote Major King last mail requesting, if practicable, transportation for supplies to be sent to Arkansas and Louisiana, and inclosing extract from a letter of Major Thomas (department headquarters) of the 28th ultimo. I now inclose copy of another letter of the 30th, received to-day, from which you will perceive, general, how anxious Major Thomas is to get these supplies forward. I can load immediately about 200,000 pounds of flour and bacon together.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. LANIGAN,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

