
will excuse me for asking you to use your influence with the commanding general of this department to continue the protection necessary to secure the lives and property of the loyal citizens of this frontier. Within two weeks, and since the removal of the troops from Camp Verde, the Indians have made two visits to this neighborhood, killed two good, loyal citizens, killed and driven off nearly all our horses. We are now not only exposed to the depredations of the Indians, but our worse foe, the renegades and organized members of the Union League. We have very little confidence in the present partially organized troops of the frontier, as we believe many of them are men that have fled from the interior to avoid conscription and are and have been Union men form the first, and are friends and sympathizers with the deserters and renegades that infest the mountains of this frontier and the Rio Grande.

We are fully convinced that regular troops only can keep down the spirit of disloyalty and vengeance that exists among the renegades that infest this frontier. Believing that you will generously use your influence in our behalf, and knowing as you do our dangerous and exposed situation, I have appealed to you. Camp Verde is the key of protection to all this portion of the frontier. If consistent to do so we would beg that Captain Lawhorn's company, with one other good company, be placed at Camp Verde, as we have full confidence in them as true, loyal Southern men and prompt and energetic in driving out the Indians. Captain Lawhorn's company has the entire confidence of all loyal citizens of this frontier.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. DOWNS.

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., May 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. G. DICKINSON:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to the defenseless condition of that portion of the frontier between Camp Verde and the Rio Grande, which is being daily run over by bands of Indians and lawless white men with impunity. Having been stationed on this part of the frontier for more than two years, I feel it my duty to lay before you for your consideration few plain, simple, and stubborn facts in regard to the condition of the good and loyal citizens of that portion of the frontier. You have already been informed of the removal of the Frontier Regiment; this leaves that entire scope of country destitute of any protection whatever, save the militia. This, in my opinion, in their present weakened condition, leaves them not only subject to lose their property by bands of lawless white men who are daily driving off their cattle by the hundreds, but their families are subject to fall victims to the savage foe at any time.

On the morning of the 6th of this month it was reported to me that these bodies of lawless white men and Mexicans had stolen and run into Mexico more than 5,000 head of stock cattle from and near Fort Clark, and that a body of the thieves was at that time camped on this side of the river. These lawless white men have been so lightly dealt with that they have already advanced ad low down the country as the Rio Frio, and in my opinion, if these loyal citizens are not relieved from their present embarrassed condition by at least one

52 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

