
Genevieve. This change I recommended and urged some time ago, and think a very gook one. I shall order the company form Farmington right off to Saint Genevieve, unless countermanded by you.

JNO. N. HERDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, April 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HERDER,

Commanding, Pilot Knob:

You will not send the company until further orders.

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, DIST. OF SOUTH KANSAS,Mound City, April 7, 1864.

Lieutenant JOHN GRAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Inclosed I have the honor to transmit a printed circular of instructions, issued for the government of the troops under my command. The system of patrolling was the very best I could think of. You will observe that the entire line is traveled daily by squads of 11 men, in addition to escorts for forage, &amp;c. Less than 10 I did not think would be safe, and more could not be spared from other duries. The commanding officer at Mound City can only send 5 in his turn to the Trading Post, as he has another daily patrol east and south. These patrols can carry any communication, and unless there is come thing special I think no their messengers wil be needed north and south. If I can get the hearty co-operation of the officers in wooing the citizens into our confidence, I think the border will be safe.

That the soldiers have ill-treated the citizens in certain, and my first aim will be to change the tide of affairs by enforcing discipline and inculcating upon every man his moral duties and the right guaranteed to every citizen. I have faith in succeeding, and had this been done long ago the present state of affairs has never existed. I send up to-day a man named Armstrong, private in the Seventh Kansas, whom I had arrested for stealing. He is a fair sample of the Ninth and Seventh, on the border. I do not class the Eleventh in this scale, for they are above it. I have forwarded to Captain Simpson all the evidence in the case of Armstrong, so that you can have him dealt with instantly. I will start up the border as soon as the paymaster leaves here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. MOONLIGHT,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULARES OF HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, DIST. OF S. KANSAS,

INSTRUCTIONS. Mound City, April 5, 1864.

With a view of securing to the citizens of Kansas living in the border counties that protection in lives and property to which they are, as loyal citizens, entitled to receive at my hands, and with which

