
from either. The moment a forward move is made toward Little Rock I shall move toward Fort Smith, thus holding in check the troops at that place, which can be managed by my command. I therefore urge that I should be kept advised of movements in Arkansas.

If that line moves forward I can. In the address of General Smith the soldiers of Arkansas, Missouri, Texas, and Louisiana are specially named. The soldiers form this Territory bore an humbler part in the campaign, and although they did not do a great deal, yet a fair share of the killed, wounded, captured, and captured property and cannon can be credited to them. I had a number of General Smith's address struck off for circulation here, and knowing the omission would be noticed and left, I inserted after Louisiana, "and of the Indian Territory," which I hope will not meet General Smith's disapproval.

I would suggest that want of transportation in this Territory will cripple movements very much. I have referred this matter time and again to those controlling it, but I get no wagons. If nothing better can be done, the cotton agency, or whatever it may be called, controls the best character of transportation for a supply train in a campaign in a prairie country - large ox road wagons. Thirty or forty of them would be of great service.

During my absence General Cooper urged General McCulloch to help him in this particular; General M. replies he can do "absolutely nothing." I am not disposed to complain about anything, but I do think this thing ought to be understood and regulated. Supplies of breadstuffs and forage, as well as clothing, sugar, &amp;c., all having to be drawn from beyond the limits of this Territory, a more than ordinary supply of transportation is necessary. To that for the troops must be added that made necessary by the destitute thrown on the hands of the Government and who must be taken care of. I do not expect General Smith to investigate and study the peculiar characteristics of command here so closely as I have. He hasn't the time, nor is it necessary. In my opinion no effort should be spared to hold this country. Its loss would work a more permanent injury than the loss of any State in the Confederacy. States can be recovered - the Indian Territory, once gone, never. Whites, when exiled by a cruel foe, find friends amongst their race; Indians have nowhere to go. Let the enemy once occupy the country to Red River and the Indians give way to despair. I doubt whether many of the highest officials in our Government have ever closely sturdies this subject. It is the great barrier to the empire State of the South from her foe, now and in peace. Let Federalism reach the Red River, the effects will not stop there. The doctrine of ut possidetis may yet play an important part.

I believe form what I have heard that Mr. Davis has a fair knowledge of this subject, and I think from conversations with General Smith he has, but his whole time being occupied with his immense department - an empire - I trust he will pardon me when I say that no effort of commissaries, quartermasters, or anybody else should be spared to hold this country, and I only regret that it has not fallen into abler hands than mine. I send you my last advices received this evening from Fort Smith.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General.

