
November, 1863, which conveyed to me for my information certain resolutions passed by the delegates of the six nations, and the executives of the same, in general council assembled.

The welfare of the citizens and soldiers yo represent are identical with those of all the Confederate States in the great struggle in which we are now engaged for constitutional rights and independence, and you are regarded by this Government as peculiarly entitled to its fostering care.

I am, therefore, very much concerned to hear that you consider the Confederate Government has failed fully to redeem its pledges made to the Six Nations for supplies and protection. It is consolatory, however, to be assured by you that the attributed failure does not arise form any want of good faith on our part, but from other causes which you have mentioned. And you may rest assured that those officers and ageist to whom you allude as having not only neglected their duty,but prevented their authority to the commission of wrong, this Government will hold to rigid responsibility, whenever the proper proof in each case is brought before it.

Your requests as well as your complains have received my earnest consideration, and I take pleasure in saying that, while it will always gratify me to be able to grant the one, I will ever most respectfully give heed to the other. All treaty stipulations between us shall be sacredly observed and carried into effect to the full extent of my power as President of the Confederate States. The policy of constituting the territory of the Six nations a separate military department, outside of the control of the commanding general of the department west of the Mississippi, has been thoroughly considered and discussed by the Executive Government here, with your delegates elect.

In pursuance of the result of that discussion I have caused the Indian Territory to be designated as a separate military district, and the Indian troops to be placed under the immediate command of General Cooper - the officer of your choice. It was thought manifestly better for the interest of all concerned that your Territory should be constituted a separate military district, rather than a department, so that the commanding general of the Trans-Mississippi Department may be responsible for the defense and protection of your district, as well as for all others under his charge, and will gel it his duty to aid and protect you with all the promptitude and efficiency that unity in the whole force will confer. This view has been presented to your delegates, and I hope, when fully explained, will meet with your approval.

You will learn from your delegates as well as through this channel that additional brigades in the Territory will be formed as rapidly as the number of regiments will warrant, and brigadiers appointed over them, in the selection of whom your recommendations will be specially regarded. As there are not yet a sufficient number of Indian troops to constitute a division, a major-general cannot now be properly appointed; but as soon as there are at least three such brigades, I propose to appoint a major-general to command them. In this view, but more especially in view of the public interest, I earnestly urge upon you the policy of making the requisite organization of Indian troops as rapidly as possible. As the law now stands I have not the power to constitute such courts as you specify, but measures will be taken to secure justice to those claimants you describe, as fully and promptly as is practicable. Arrangements have been made with Major Le Flore to have a certain number of arms delivered on the west side of the Mississippi river for the Indians, and General Smith has been instructed to give every facility for their transportation.

Your last resolution, which instructs your delegates to assure the Confederate States of the unshaken loyalty of the Six Natins represented in the grand council to their treaties with this government, is highly creditable to them, is what I expected from them, and claims my grateful recognition. The soldiers and people of the Six Nations in treaty and amity with us are regarded by this Government with the same tender care and solicitude as are the soldiers and people of all of the Confederate States.

Our cause is one, and our hearts must be united; we must all put forth our whole energy, cultivate harmony and confidence, practice fortitude, bring forth promptly every available man into the field, and resolve to do, and if need be to die, in defense of our birthright. And with the providence of God to guide and to shield us, victory will perch on our banters and bless us with peace, independence, and prosperity.

Accept my best wishes for health and happiness to yourselves and to the people of the Six Nations, and believe me, very truly, your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

