
possible relative to the movements of the enemy, and the supplies to be obtained in Arkansas Valley. To enable your to accumulate supplies more readily, he suggests that but one division be kept near Camden, and that the other be sent to such point to the rear, as Minden or Lewisville, as will enable it to be supplied and gotten ready for the campaign without having to draw form your depots.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

SHREVEPORT, May 19, 1864.

General PRICE,

Camden:

Churchill's and Parsons' divisions have been ordered back to Camden. General Smith directs you at once to put your whole staff at work for the purpose of collecting supplies, putting your trains in order, and establishing depots, &amp;c. You will also inform yourself as to the amount of supplies in the Arkansas Valley. The enemy have left Alexandria, and the bulk of our force will be withdrawn from lower Louisiana and be made available for a campaign northward, which is the object for which you are directed to make the above preparations.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Dover, Ark., May 19, 1864.

Colonel S. D. JACKMAN,

Commanding Recruits:

COLONEL: You will collect together all squads of men who may be operating in the section of country in which you may be operating, and cause them to enter the regular service; therefore you must make every exertion in your power to bring these men into the service. All men who are on the north side of the Arkansas River and have been paroled, and claim to be Vicksburg and Port Hudson prisoners, must be arrested and put into companies. All men between the ages of sixteen and fifty who will not voluntarily enter the service must be conscripted and put into a company. You will send details under good officers to arrest all bands of jayhawkers, whether Southern or Union, who may be committing outrages upon the citizens. In all cases where the proof is sufficient against any person or persons who may be or have committed depredations upon the citizens of Arkansas, you will cause them to be shot. All squads and unorganized bands must be broken up. You will subsist and forage your command, giving proper vouchers for everything purchased.

By command of Brigadier-General Shelby:

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Cols. J. T. Coffee and W. O. Coleman, Lieutenant Colonel M. D. Baber, and Major Pickler.)

