
I am intrusted by the general commanding, it is hereby ordered that a continuous system of patrols be kept up from station to station throughout the entire border line, as follows, commencing on the 11th instant:

First. From Mound city to the Trading Post, 1 sergeant or corporal and 4 men, returning on the 12th. From the Trading Post to Rockville, 1 sergeant or corporal and 10 men, returning on the 12th. From Rockville to Coldwater Grove, 1 sergeant or corporal and 10 men, returning on the 12th. From Coldwater Grove to Aubrey, 1 sergeant or corporal and 10 men, returning on the 12th. From Aubrey to Oxford, 1 sergeant or corporal and 10 men, returning on the 12th. From Oxford to Shawnee Mission, 1 sergeant or corporal and 10 men, returning on the 12th.

Second. From Shawnee Missikon to Oxford, 1 sergeant or corporal and 10 men on the 13th, returning on the 14th; from Oxford to Aubrey, the same; from Aubrey to Coldwater Grove, the same; from Coldwater Grove to Rockville, the same; from Rockville to the Trading Post, the same' from the Trading Post to Mound City, the same; and so on back again up the line as on the 11th and 12th. In addition to patrolling the country in the direction of the Trading Post, in turn, the commanding officer of Mound City will patrol daily, east and south of his post, so as to complete the chain to the southern boundary line. Daily patrolling will also me made as Colonel Hoyt may deem proper, by the troops at Shawnee Mission and town, to the Kaw River.

By this system the entire line form the Kaw River to the north line of Bourbon County will be traversed daily. These patrols will carry communications from station to station, and, except in urgent cases, it will not be necessary to send other messengers. Commanding officers of sub-districts and stations will be held responsible for the prompt and faithful execution of these instructions. It will not be considered the duty of these patrols to simply go from station to station, but they will be required to scour the country, searching for armed men in rebellion against the Government of the United States; to thwart the schemes and foil the plans of the enemy, who will doubtless watch these patrols with murderous intent.

Regularity as to the hour of starting will not be observed; sometimes in the morning, sometimes in the evening, and again at noon; nor will directness of route be heeded, but, on the contrary, circuits to the right and left will be made, so that every day there will be a change of direction and time in traveling, thereby preventing the possibility of running int traps likely to be laid for them, and at the same time convincing the enemy that there is no safety for him on Kansas soil.

It will also be the special duty of these patrols to make themselves acquainted with the citizens on the border, encouraging them by soldierly conduct and gentlemanly treatment to give timely notice to the nearest military commander of the approach of an enemy, and it is hereby enjoined on every officer and soldier in this command to cultivate as far as possible the acquaintance of every citizen residing witting his boundary; make each and all of them feel that you are soldiers in the true meaning of the word, and that your duty on the border is to protect, and not to persecute, loyal men. by following this rule every farmer will become a sentinel an every homestead a dwelling place of loyalty and happiness.

