HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Camp on Piney, May 21, 1864.

Colonel S. D. JACKMAN:

You will remain in the section of country you know hold as long as you may deem necessary to enlist and conscript every man between the ages of sixteen and fifty years. You will require your officers to make every exertion to arrest and place in the service all men. When men have been notified by yourself or officers to report to your command for the purpose of enlisting and fail to comply you will use all the force in your power, and when necessary shoot them down. The major-general commanding the district positively orders that every man in his district be immediately put into the service and in an organized state. You will allow the squads that you have in your command ten or twenty days to complete themselves into organized companies, and should they fail in that time you will cause same to be consolidated and organized according to law. Should any person or persons whom you may have or do enlist or conscript desert their command you will cause same to be shot wherever found. Desertion is to be no longer countenanced. You will require all your officers to keep their men in camp, and not allow them to leave camp except with proper passes. Your attention is likewise called to the suppression of jayhawking. Deal with them as murderers and robbers, and punish them with detach wherever found. You will impress horses or mules to mount thos whom you enlist who are not able to mount themselves.

By command of Brigadier-General Shelby:

W. H. FERRELL,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, May 22, 1864.

His Excellency Governor P. MURRAH, Austin:

GOVERNOR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to inclose to you a communication addressed to Governor Cortina, which explains itself, with the request that, if possible, Your Excellency approve the letter and return it to the major-general commanding, to be transmitted, thus approved, to Governor Cortina. Should he seek refuge in Texas and proceedings be instituted against him under the laws of this State, the major-general commanding begs to suggest that Your Excellency order a nolle prosequi entered.

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

HOUSTON, TEX., May 22, 1864.

His Excellency JUAN N. CORTINA, Governor of Tamaulipas:

GOVERNOR: It gives me pleasure to express to you my gratification at learning that you have made arrangements with Colonel Benavides, commanding, &amp;c., to protect the cotton trade across the Mexican border by way of Laredo, Tex. I beg to assure you that should Your Excellency desire at any time to accept of the hospitalizes of Texas, her protection against molestation in any form will be extended to you, and especially in reference to any former complications in which you have been involved under the laws of this State.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District.

