
I sincerely hope I will be spared the degradation of having to bring to justice any officer or soldier of my command for violating the right and privileges guaranteed to any loyal citizen of the United States.

The patrols will at all times be kept well in hand by the non-commissioned officer in charge, and he will be held to a strict accountability for the conduct of his party. A list of these details will be kept by station commanders for future reference, that praise may be awarded or punishment meted out as deserved. This system of patrolling will not be considered sufficient, in itself, for protection, and officers must not be lulled into security of position, but ever watchful and vigilant. A rigid and uniform system of drill must be kept up in each squadron or detachment, no matter how few men may be in camp. The regulations require at least one drill each day, which must be complied with. Without regularity in drill there can be no discipline, and without discipline there can be no efficiently, but in its stead lawlessness, pillage, and demoralization. These are the very evils officers must guard against by a steady and firm yet equitable government.

Uniformity in purpose and action, with an eye to honor and justice, is a sure guide to military fame and renown.

The following are transcripts from letters of instruction to me by General McKean, which will be closely observed:

Measures should be immediately taken to keep the troops at all times fully armed and equipped and regularly supplied, and the detachments should always be ready to move on notice.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

It is understood, also, that complaints have frequently been made by commanding officers in Missouri, near the line, against troops sent over from this side. To remove as far as practicable all cause for such complaints and to prevent collision, detachment commanders in your brigade have been instructed not to cross the line into Missouri, except in the following cases: First, by roofers from district headquarters; second, when requested by a post or detachment commander in Missouri; third, when in close pursuit of the enemy.

THO. MOONLIGHT,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., April 7, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

District of North Kansas:

SIR: In pursuance of instructions from the general commanding, I have the honor to report that on the receipt of his order on Sunday evening, I proceeded forthwith to Leavenwirth City, accompanied by 2 men of the post battery.

On my arrival in the city I traversed the most frequented streets and principal thoroughfares without perceiving any signs of commotion or riot, and after the most diligent inquiry of prominent and leading citizens, I came to the conclusion that no cause did then or had during the day, existed for the interposition of the military authority.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient,

R. H. HUNT,

Major Fifteenth Kansas Vol. Cav., Commanding Post Battery.

