
direction of the Red River expedition. I have accounts from him, meager in details, that he was on the 23rd March within 15 miles of Arkadelphia, where he was to make a junction with General Thayer, form Fort Smith. I take it for granted that he found no trouble in overcoming all opposition as far as Red River, where he will find the gun-boats and Banks' and Smith's forces. I have sent my instructions of the 7th instant, copy inclosed,* to General Hurlbut at Memphis, with instructions to send it by an officer up Red River till he deliver it. In order that General Grant may see the whole tenor of my correspondence with General Steele, I send with this also copies of all my letters to him and the admiral on the subject.+ Many of these were written when I had no right to command General Steele, but now that he will regard my views as binding on him the whole will be respected by him.

From my best information the force of 10,000 men under A. J. Smith, who had just come in from Meridian, got to Alexandria before General Banks, taking Fort De Russy en route, and I also hear from General Hurlbut, at Memphis, that General Mower had captured another batch of four guns, caissons, &amp;c., complete, up toward Natchtoches, but i rather think this capture was made near Cotile or Plaisance, some 20 miles above Alexandria, where I know there is a large bayou crossed by a substantial bridge. At all events, if my 10,000 could clean up the river for 140 miles, capturing all guns and material of war, surely General Steele can go on the Shreveport, now that the river is in good stage. I have claimed my 10,000 for the Army of the Tennessee on the 10th of April, as I have other work for them, and therefore must leave as you see I do, to General Steele a wide discretion as to what he should attempt. If our conjoint forces reach and capture shreveport, it should be held at any cost, as it is the very key of all Texas. all the disposable forces in Missouri and Arkansas should in that event be moved to Shreveport and Alexandria, laving my 10,000 to come by Grenada, and Banks' forces to swing against Mobile. Please read these papers and communicate the substance to the general, as I have more faith in his judgment as to the measure of strength to make certain military ends than in my own.

I am, with respect, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 8, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Red River Expedition, Vicksburg, en route:

GENERAL: Changes in circumstances render it better that our entire division and command should come by water via Cairo, Paducah, and up the Tennessee via Clifton. You need not, therefore, attempt to march to Grenada and across by land, but come in your boats by the route via Cairo. Copies of this will be sent Generals McPherson and Hurlbut and commanding officers at Cairo and

---------------

*See Sherman to Steele, p.76.

+See Sherman to Steele, March 4,6, and 8; to Smith, March 6, and to Porter, March 7, Part II, pp. 496, 516, 529, 514, 519,

respectively.

---------------

