
After making such explanations as removed his suspicions and inspired his confidence, I called his attention to divers considerations threatening the continuance of amicable relations between the United was frustrated by the accessibility of Mexico to rebel cotton and other articles of rebel commerce; that a refuge was found in Mexico by traitors to the United States, armed and unarmed; that these traitors were constantly intriguing to embroil either the Governments or the citizens of the two countries in hostility with each other; that the presence of such lawless men along the Mexican side of the Rio Grande endangered our transports and supplies on that river, and exposed our country to predatory raids. Pointing out these things I requested that he would use his authority or influence to remedy them, and afterward addressed him a communication in writing upon the subject, to which he promptly replied. Both the communication and reply will be found herewith.*

The reply of the Governor is a bold one, amounting to but little less than a declaration of war against the rebels, and should it be carried into effect by President Juarez, according to the Governor's recommendation, will be in fact a declaration of war. the attitude of the governor toward us, considering the present extremity of his own country, must, as it ought to, appeal strongly to our admiration and gratitude. Colonel Davis, who bears this dispatch, will present to you Colonel S. M. Velez and Senor Luis Silva, charged with dispatches from Governor Cortina, for whom I ask your friendly civilities. Colonel Davis is possessed of my views more fully than it would be convenient to reduce them to writing, and will afford any desirable explanation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major General, Commanding 13th A. C. and Coast and Frontier of Tex.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 90. New Orleans, La., April 8, 1864.

1. Paragraph 7 or Special Orders, No. 58, current series, from these headquarters, is so far amended as to direct that Major-General Dana will proceed to Philadelphia instead of to New York, and thence report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army for instructions.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHARD B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER, VA., April 8, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

(Received 9.05 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The Thirty-fifth Wisconsin may be ordered to General Sherman. Notify Sherman, however, to send the order for it, as he may wish to send it to Steele, now that he has been directed to take the Red River into his command.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See April 7, p.73.

---------------

