
CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 8, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK:

Are there any regiments of cavalry, either new or old, in the Western States unassigned? If so, I wish to have two or three regiments sent to General Steele at Little Rock.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HELENA, ARK., April 8, 1864.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT:

GENERAL: I earnestly request that you send me 200 good American cavalry. It is now impossible for me to communicate with General Steele, my departmental commander. He wrote me he could not furnish me, but I was authorized to detain any cavalry [that] passes this post. I have not had that in my power. The enemy continue to make raids to my picket lines, and have captured about 150 mules, within the last month, from the Government lessees of the plantations in this vicinity. I have commenced to enforce General Grant's order No. 4, in retaliation. The guerrillas take the mules off as far as White River, and then sell them, and my force is not sufficient to divide in pursuit, without danger of being outnumbered in a difficult section of country. My cavalry brought in 12 prisoners and 90 animals last night.

With the additional force which I request form you I will try to crush out those marauders. I am obliged to weaken my little squad of white infantry to-day, by detailing from them a guard for 35 prisoners of war, now in my hands, including Colonel Josey and 3 other officers. I am of the opinion that I have not a sufficient number of troops to do the duties required of me.

Your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, ARK., April 8, 1864.

Major General W. D. GREEN, A. A. G., Little Rock:

There are various rumors of an attack along the railroad. McRae is said to be near Austin with quite a force. A lot of citizens came into the camp at Bayou Meto last night, with the report that an attack would be made before morning. I think the guards should be strengthened by troops from Little Rock, and that the train guards should be increased.

B. O. CARR,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., April 8, 1864.

Captain LYMAN RICHARDSON, Master of transportation:

SIR: I design sending a scout of 75 cavalry across the river to-night, and it is very important that the steam-boat Davenport should be in readiness so that they can all be crossed at once and without delay.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General.

