
northeast of Lone Jack, and on the farm of one Scott deployed the men in squads of 3 and scouted the brush thoroughly from that point to the house of Jemina Johnson, which is situated at the junction of the county lines of Jackson, La Fayette, and Johnson Counties, finding nothing of importance. From Johnson I scouted again in the same order through very heavy brush toward Round Rrairie; found many tracks of unshod horses and one or two old camps, and at a point about 1 mile east of Round Prairie, in a deep hollow, I found a camp evidently left but a short time; found canteens, plates, knaves, butternut clothing, and halters, together with some U. S. cavalry clothing.

The parties who had occupied the camp had a number of animals and had taken forage from Smith's farm, near there. A house within 200 yards of the camp was occupied by an old widow woman named Plunkett and two other women, whose names were Martin and ----. The outhouses were full of meat, and every evidence was seen of its being a place where the bushwhackers were harbored, for which purpose it is very conveniently situated. I was totally unable to glean any information from the women; the younger women were very indignant at the house being searched. This house should be well watched. From this point scouted through the brush to Round Prairie, when the command came together, meeting a scouting party of Captain Burris' company, Missouri State Militia. Being near night, marched to the farm of Robert Moore, in Clay Township, La Fayette County, and there went into camp at sunset.

April 6. - Broke camp at sunrise and scouted through the brush to the house of Judge Grey. Surrounded and searched the house; every trace that men had been secreted in the hay-loft the night before; was informed that Grey was at Lexington, under arrest, Elicited nothing further. Proceeded thence to Napoleon, Mo., in search of one Potts; searched every house in town; finally heard of his whereabouts and found him on a farm near Harris' place, on the Lexington road, about 3 miles from Napoleon. He has a pass to reside in La Fayette and Jackson Counties. This man is strongly suspected of harboring bushwhackers. He expresses disloyal sentiments, and in my opinion should not be allowed to live in Jackson County, as his antecedents all point to the fact of his being a disloyal man. From there scouted through the brush at and near Bone Hill, toward evening sending Sergeant Leslie with 7 men through the brush to the northward of Pink Hill; found three camps, evidently lately occupied; went into camp near Seminary at sunset. Plenty of forage in this section of the country. The men scouted this day part of the time on foot.

April 7. - Broke camp at sunrise; took the brush at Pink Hill and scouted southeast. The men deployed over a space of 1 1/2 miles, a part of the time on foot; found many traces and tracks of guerrillas; there is evidently a traveled track for them across the frontier of the county; found also there old camps, clothing, &amp;c. Party rendezvoused at Lick Skillet; scouted thence through the brush to Round Prairie, coming in on the opposite side from where we entered it the day before; wisited again the Plunkett house near the large camp; dogs gave the alarm before we were within 1,000 yards of the house; surrounded and entered the house and outbuildings; found a third of the meat before reported had been taken away; ordered the dogs to be shot. This house is a very suspicious place and should be well watched. Scouted through the brush for a circle

