
First Lieutenant W. T. Clarke, First Cavalry, Nebraska Volunteers, aide-de-camp and chief of cavalry.

First Lieutenant Amos J. Harding, Sixth Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, aide-de-camp and judge-advocate.

Lieutenant Colonel S. P. Jennison, Tenth Infantry, Minnesota Volunteers, district provost-marshal.

Surg. Frank G. Porter, Missouri State Militia, medical director.

Major E. Wilmot, assistant quartermaster, Missouri State Militia, quartermaster.

Captain William Barr, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, commissary of subsistence.

Second Lieutenant Albert G. Clarke, Second Cavalry, Colorado Volunteers, assistant provost-marshal.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., April 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRAPER,

Commanding, Macon, Mo.:

A marauding party consisting of less than 10 villains visited Brookfield and committed robberies last night. They are supposed to be about 13 miles from Brookfield, in the fork of Yellow Creek. Can you send an exterminating squad after them? Muster out the rascals if you find them. Squire Moore and Mr. Myers were among the persons plundered.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

EASTON, April 8, 1864.

General FISK:

RESPECTED SIR: For some time I was expecting to see you personally, but as my furlough is up to-day i must repair to the battle-sod; but I was greatly surprised after an absence of two years form my native State and village to see those same reptiles on whose hands still smoke the blood of our murdered brothers domineering over our sons and aged fathers in a most shameful manner, supplied with arms by the United States. That is a great wrong which I as a soldier that never turned his back on either frien or foe humbly ask your excellency to rectify.

MICH'L CALLERY,

First Lieutenant Co. K, Eighteenth Missouri Vet. Vols.

BROOKFIELD, LINN COUNTY, MO., April 8, 1864.

General CLINTON B. FISK,

Commanding North Missouri, Saint Joseph:

DEAR SIR: Last night a party of armed men, numbering some 6 or 8, came to several houses of conditional Union men in the vicinity of this place, and took by force horses, guns, clothing, &amp;c. They

