
took from Squire Moore one horse, saddle and bridle, overcoat, shotgun, and ammunition, and quite a quantity of clothing. They then went to the house of Louis Myers and took form him one horse, saddle and bridle, and $20 in money; from there to Richard Crystal

s and took shotgun and ammunition; then to George Stiene's, and there took a horse, saddle, and bridle. Three of them were recognized. I have learned the name of but 1, but will find out the other 2 that were recognized. One was named Williams; he lives near the mouth of Elk Creek where it empties into Yellow Creek.

It is reported they belong to a gang of robbers, commanded by Jackman, who are committing such depredations to quite an extent, and are located in Howard County. About one year ago we were visited by one of these individuals, who were then commanded by Holtzclaw. He has quite a good many men in his company from Linn County. When they came here before I was assistant provost-marshal for Linn county, and I arrested the fathers and brothers of those who were known to belong to the gang, and in several instances other prominent rebels of the county, and held them personally responsible for the peace and safety of all their respective districts, putting them under bonds.

This last raid seems to be located in a different locality, but I am told some of the same parties are connected with the gang. Whether we shall be able to prove any of them guilty, if caught, remains to be seen. I hope we may.

These men who were plundered have ever been unconditionally for the Union, and as they have been used nearly the same way for the past three years at least once a year, they begin to get greatly exercised over it, and I am fearful of a collision between them and those who are known to sympathize with traitors. Many of our men (who are good reliable citizens) met yesterday for the purpose of organization to devise some means of retaliation. I have advised them to not be hasty, but hold on. I have assured them that as soon as matters could be regulated in this department steps would be taken to put all bushwhackers and robbers out of the way.

We would like it, if it is consistent, to organize a company of men from those who reside here in this place and vicinity, for self-protection; it would be comprised mostly of men connected with the railroads, who would at any time stop their work to hunt bushwhackers for a few days at a time, and could no doubt keep this county free from them.

Colonel Hayward's regiment, the Thirty-eighth Railroad Regiment, Enrolled Missouri Militia, I think, are all armed; at least Company G, of that regiment, have their arms here at this place. We have also some ammunition. We could, with your consent, very readily reorganize the company, and extend the enrolling into the company to a few men who are not connected with the road, and very soon get ourselves in good condition for home service at no expense to the State or Government, except for ammunition, if we should need it. As I said before, we have good rifled muskets, and would hold ourselves in readiness on short notice to look after such matters in this county and adjoining ones.

I trust you will excuse the length of this uninteresting document, and believe me,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. CRANDALL.

7 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT III

