
FORT LEAVENWORTH, April 8, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON:

I hear that Indians have committed depredations on or near Platte River. Do not let district lines prevent pursuing and punishing them . Give Colonel Collins and General Mitchell your full co-operation and [all the] information you can. You can furlough veterans, but give them Government transportation.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major, &amp;c.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., April 8, 1864.

Colonel R. N. McLAREN,

Commanding, Fort Snelling:

COLONEL: The Indian prisoners from Pembina encamped with their guard at Coon Creek, about 5 miles above the Falls, last night, and will reach the post under your command during the day. major Camp will leave them after they have passed through Minneapolis, and give you due notice of their approach. In order that the train and prisoners may not be pressed upon or interfered with, you will detail a company of infantry to meet them at a convenient distance from the fort, and conduct them safely to their appointed station. It will be necessary also to have a proper guard to protect the women and children from molestation. The men captives will of course be placed under guard.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Pleasant Hill, April 9, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

The land column that was intended for the movement against Shreveport encountered a superior force 4 miles this side of Mansfield, and, being unable to communicate with the forces from the river, has been compelled to retreat. It is now our expectation to fall back to Grand Ecore. You will make your dispositions accordingly. the fighting was very sharp, but, from the situation of the country, it has been impossible to bring but a portion of our forces against the entire strength of the enemy. The loss of the enemy has been very severe; ours serious. General Ransom has been wounded.

If possible, send a communication to General Steele.

I am, &c.,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

