
Answer. Nothing but my own command. I took position in the trenches with my command. I relieved the troops of General Burnside's command, the Ninth Army Corps, on the evening before, with the exception that I had one brigade, which I did not put in the front line. I kept that in reserve to fill the vacancy left in our line at the point where the assaulting column was to debouche from our intrenchments.

Question. Could you see the formation of the assaulting column?

Answer. Yes, sir; I saw it before it made the assault.

Question. What was the formation?

Answer. I should judge it was in column of battalions.

Question. Was that the First Division?

Answer. I think it was, sir. It was very dark, not yet daylight in the morning. I left General Burnside's headquarters at 20 minutes after 3 o'clock, and as I passed going down I could see the column on my left, in column of battalions I should judge. The position I had did not afford me a good opportunity for observing anything but my own immediate command, as I was in the trenches during the engagement and remained there until 12 o'clock that day. At about 8.30 o'clock General Turner, of the Tenth Corps, was ordered to form his division in rear of the intrenchments, and in doing so he found that it would crowd too much on the troops in his front, and that there was no room to get his division in there. He immediately sent for General Ord to come down - I think it was General Ames who called upon General Ord to come down - and see the position of the troops for himself, and he went down to see the position of the troops in the trenches. As General Turner was forming his command an attempt was made by the troops on my right to charge the

rifle-pits. I saw a vacancy, a gap, that I thought about four regiments would fill and assist that line of battle that was going over our breast-works to take those rifle-pits. I immediately took command of part of Turner's division and ordered them over the line to join the line of troops then advancing, and told them to charge the rifle-pits in their front, which they did. That was about 200 yards on the right of the crater. After putting those troops in I stepped back from the intrenchments some ten or fifteen yards toward the covered way, and I had scarcely got back to the lower end of the covered way then the stampede began, and I suppose 2,000 troops came back, and I was lifted from my feet by the rushing and carried along with it ten or fifteen yards in the covered way. What staff I had with me assisted me int stopping the crowd in the covered way and in putting some of them in position in the second line. Some were in the first line. I left General Potter in the covered way.

Question. Was there any good reason that you know of for this retirement of the troops?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you notice any arrangements that were made for the passage of troops over the parapet and through the abatis of our lines?

Answer. No, sir. There as no abatis in the front where, I was, at least, I did not notice any abatis. There was abatis to the right of it.

Question. If you had moved your troops to the front how would you have got through our lines; what mode would you have taken to get them through; what formation would you have adopted?

Answer. I should have formed a column of divisions.

Question. Were there intervals made in our line for the passage of such a column?

Answer. I could not say, sir. All I know is what was in my immediate front. I saw that there were no obstructions to prevent troops passing over our intrenchments to the enemy's work. The rifle-pit I speak of was an advanced work of the enemy where they had a thin of skirmishers. The main line was behind it.

Question. Did the enemy fire from the main line upon your party that took the pits?

Answer. Yes, sir; briskly with musketry. I do not know the exact hour; but I think that was about 8.30 a.m.

