
the assault. And I think, had the troops been pushed forward properly, the columns following as one column should have followed another, there would have been no difficulty in the place being carried.

Question. Then there were no physical obstacles in the way of our success?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Is it your opinion that if we had had not had the mine we would have been more successful?

Answer. No, sir. The mine of itself was a success. The consternation of the enemy in consequence of the explosion of the mine more than compensated for the flanking fire which they opened upon us. But it was three-quarters of an hour before they opened fire.

Question. Were adequate preparations made for the passage of our troops over parapets and through the abatis?

Answer. There seemed to be room enough at our salient to pass over-certainly in regimental front.

Question. Could artillery have passed through?

Answer. No, sir. I saw no place where artillery could have passed through at any point within 200 or 250 feet of the salient. I do not know how practicable it was farther to the right or left. Leading up from the hollow to the front the covered ways were very narrow, not at all adequate to the necessities of the occasion for conveying troops to the front. And there was room enough in that hollow to have massed all the troops under cover of darkness. had that been done, as it was not light whet the mine should have exploded, they would have all been in the enemy's lines before they could have been much hurt.

Question. Who gave your orders for preparing the fascines, gabions, and intrenching tools and working parties in the Eighteenth Corps?

Answer. I got them from General Ord. All I had were shovels, spades, picks, and sand-bags.

Question. Did you see General Burnside on that occasion?

Answer. Yes, sir; I saw him quite frequently.

Question. Any of his division or brigade commanders?

Answer. I only noticed one division commander.

Question. Name him.

Answer. General Potter. If the others were there I did not happen to see them.

There being no more witnesses in attendance the Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on 6th of September.

FOURTEENTH DAY.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,Jones' House, September 6, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-General Hancock, president, Brigadier-Generals Ayres and Miles, and Colonel Schriver, judge-advocate.

The proceedings of the twelfth and thirteenth days were read and approved.

There being no more witnesses a present the Court was cleared.

The record of evidence was referred to, and discussions took place, after which the court adjourned to meet at 10 a.m. on the 7th of September.

the following-named officers, on account of sickness, or absence, did not appear as witnesses before the Court: Brigadier-Generals Ledlie, Turner, and Burnham; Colonel Sigfried, and Lieutenant-Colonels Loring and Pleasants.

