
FIFTEENTH DAY.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,September 7, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-General Hancock, president, Brigadier-Generals Ayres and Miles, and Colonel Schriver, judge-advocate.

Discussion was resumed, and the Court then adjourned till 10 o'clock on the 8th of September.

SIXTEENTH DAY.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,September 8, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-General Hancock, president, Brigadier-Generals Ayres and Miles and Colonel Schriver, judge-advocate.

Lieutenant A. A. SHEDD, Forty-third U. S. Colored Troops, being duly sworn, says to JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you at the assault on the 30th of July, and in what capacity?

Answer. As aide-de-camp to Colonel Sigfried, commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division, Ninth Corps.

Question. Were you in the crater at any time?

Answer. I was.

Question. Were any of your troops there?

Answer. They were; they went in under Colonel Sigfried; they were not all in.

Question. If they halted there, why did they so?

Answer. There were so many troops in before they came; that is one reason.

Question. What efforts were made to push them forward beyond the crater?

Answer. The colonel (Bates) of the Thirtieth Regiment Colored Troops led his through; that is the only one I saw go through the crater.

Question. Was Colonel Sigfried present with his troops in the front all the time?

Answer. He was. He came out when the troops did, about 10 to 11 o'clock.

Captain E. T. RAYMOND, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, duly sworn, says to JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you at the assault on the 30th of July, and in what capacity?

Answer. I was, as brigade inspector, First Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Corps.

Question. What was your general position on the field on that occasion?

Answer. In the crater a portion of the time; part near the right of the our brigade in our works.

Question. Under whose immediate orders were you serving?

Answer. Colonel Z. R. Bliss, Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers, commanding the brigade.

