
I.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., July 29, 1864.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have directed General Butler to order General Ord to report to you for the attack on Petersburg. The details for the assault I leave for you to make out. I directed General Sheridan, whilst we were at Deep Bottom last evening,to move his command immediately to the left of Warren from Deep Bottom. It will be well to direct the cavalry to endeavor to get round the enemy's right flank. Whilst they will not probably succeed in turning the enemy they will detain a large force to prevent it. I will go out this evening to see you; will be at your headquarters about 4 p.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-If you want to be any place on the line at the hour indicated inform me by telegraph, and I will meet you wherever you may be.

U. S. G.

J.

CITY POINT, August 1, 1864-9.30 a.m.

(Received 11.40 a.m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Have you any estimate of our losses in the miserable failure of Saturday? I think there will have to be an investigation of the matter. So fair an opportunity will probably never occur again for carrying fortifications. Preparations were good, orders ample, and everything, so far as I could see, subsequent to the explosion of the mine, shows that almost without loss the crest beyond the mine could have been carried. This would have given us Petersburg with all its artillery and a large part of the garrison beyond doubt. An intercepted dispatch states that the enemy recaptured their line with General Bartlett and staff, 75 commissioned officers, and 900 rank and file, and recaptured 500 of their men.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

K.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 29, 1864.

The following instructions are issued for the guidance of all concerned:

1. As soon as it is dark Major-General Burnside, commanding Ninth Corps, will withdraw his two brigades under General White, occupying the entrenchments between the plank and Norfolk roads, and bring them to his front. Care will be taken not to interfere with the troops of the Eighteenth Corps moving into their position in rear of the Ninth

