
M 1
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 26, 1864-12 m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I wish you would submit in writing your protect for the explosion of your mine, with the amount of powder required, that these preliminary questions may be definitely settled. You had better also took for some secure place in the woods where the powder required can be brought in wagons and kept under guard, thus saving the time it will take to unload it from the vessels and haul it to your camp. Whenever you report as above and designate a point I will order the powder brought up.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

M 2.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 26, 1864.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inquire whether anything has transpired connected with your mine that leads you to believe that it is in danger from countermining. If it is your conviction that it is so endangered then the commanding general authorizes you to make every preparation for springing it, but directs that you do not explode it earlier than to-morrow afternoon, Wednesday, the 27th, say at 4 o'clock, if not otherwise ordered. The commanding general further directs me to say that the charge of the mine should be determined by the usual rules governing such subjects. It is not intended by the commanding general to follow up the explosion of the mine by an assault or other operation. If, therefore, the mine can be preserved for use at some early future day when circumstances will admit of its being used in connection with other operations, the commanding general desires that you take no steps for exploding it as herein prescribed.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

N.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 29, 1864-9.45 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

A dispatch from General Ord refers to the late hour at which his troops will relieve yours in the trenches. The commanding general has informed General Ord that it is not necessary for you to wait for your troops to be relieved in the trenches by General Ord's, before forming them for the assault. They should be formed for the assault at the hour you deem best without any reference to General Ord's troops, who will enter the vacated trenches as soon as they can.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

