
Meade ordered him attacked. Failing in getting the attack made before dark, he then ordered the left corps back to the position which they had just left. This was taken without being followed up by the enemy.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, June 24, 1864 -2.30 p.m.

I find the affair of the 22nd was much worse than I had heretofore learned. Our losses (nearly all captures) were not far from 2,000, and 4 pieces of artillery. The affair was a stampede and surprise to both parties and ought to have been turned in our favor. Richmond paper of yesterday states that Hunter, at last accounts, was at Salem, retiring by the route taken by Averell last fall. Our cavalry (small detachment) is now on the Weldon road destroying it. Wilson, with 7,000 cavalry, started the night of the 22d. Richmond paper announces that he struck the South Side road in Dinwiddie. This morning, about 7 o'clock, the enemy attempted an assault on General W. F. Smith's front, prisoners say in three lines. None but the skirmish line reached our advance and most of them were captured.

U. S. GRANT,Lieutenant-General

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., June 25, 1864 - 11.30 a. m.

Richmond papers of yesterday state that Hunter at last accounts was at Fincastle. He will probably go to Beverly. There will be no use in Stahel attempting to reach him. All quiet here. Sheridan is now crossing the river where the army crossed. Yesterday evening Gregg's division had a very severe fight with the enemy between Charles City Court-House and Long Bridge. I do not know the result, but understand unofficially that we saved all the wagon train, which seemed to be the object of the attack. The loss was said to be heavy on both sides, the enemy coming in close canister range. The same Richmond paper announces that Wilson reached Burkeville. I shall try to give the army a few days' rest, which they now stand much in need of.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.

CITY POINT, VA., June 26, 1864 - 4 p. m.

All is quiet and our men resting. Sheridan is crossing the river near Fort Powhatan unmolested by the enemy. Gregg's loss was much less

