
will turn over to his successor, all orders and instructions and information that he is possessed of pertaining to the duties specified. The commander of the guard of the trenches will report to him for instructions at 8 a. m. The guard of the trenches will go on duty at dark. Previous to the commencement of his tour of service the commander of the guard will report hourly to the general of the trenches what is transpiring in front and immediately anything of importance. The general of the trenches will make similar reports to the corps commander, who will transmit anything important to the commander of the army. Upon being relieved the general of the trenches will make a written report to his corps commander of the operations carried on during his tour, which will be forwarded to the commanding general of the army.

6. For the work of the trenches details from the two corps named will be made upon the requisitions of the chiefs of engineers and artillery. These requisitions will specify the character and locality of the work to be performed. An officer of high rank will be detailed daily to take charge of the working parties of each corps. He will be responsible for the faithful and energetic performance of duty by the working parties, and will see that they conform to the directions of the engineer and artillery officers in charge of the works. In the event of an attack he will command the working parties under the orders of the general of the trenches, and as soon after the commencement of his tour of duty as practicable he will report to that officer the manner in which the working parties are distributed. He will report for instructions at the headquarters of his corps on the day before he goes on duty, and will confer with the engineer and artillery officers in charge of the trenches,and receive information from them as to the manner of performing the work, and visit the localities before dark, so as to make himself familiar with the same. He will go on duty at 8 a.m. Upon being relieved he will turn over to his successor all orders, instructions, and information pertaining to the duty that he may be possessed of. Working parties will go on duty just before daylight. They will be equipped for action. Upon being relieved he will make a written report to his corps commander of the work executed by the working parties under his charge, which will be forwarded to the major-general commanding the army.

7. Materials for the siege will be prepared by working parties detailed from the corps not in the trenches upon requisitions of the acting chief engineer and chief of artillery.

8. The corps will relieve each other in the duties of the trenches should it be found necessary.

9. The acting chief engineer and chief of artillery will report every twelve hours to the commanding general the progress made in the operations. The morning report will include a statement of the work proposed to be executed in the next twenty-four hours following the tour of working duty them going on. These reports will be accompanied by drawings exhibiting the same. Duplicates of these reports will be furnished to the commanders of the corps on whose fronts the operations are conducted.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

