
cessful springing of General Burnside's mine, and particularly your views as to the subsequent operations after carrying the enemy's first line and following up a lodgment on the crater of the mine.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

July 24, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of this date, I have the honor to state that the line of the enemy's works in front of General Burnside is not situated on the crest of the ridge separating us from Petersburg; that the enemy have undoubtedly occupied this ridge as a second line. Should General Burnside succeed in exploding his mine he would probably be able to take the enemy's first line, which is about 100 yards in advance of his approach. Beyond this I do not think he could advance until the works in front of the Fifth Corps are carried, as the Ninth Corps columns would be taken in flank by a heavy artillery fire from works in front of the center of the Fifth Corps, and in front by fire from the works on the crest near the Cemetery Hill. I do not believe that the works in front of the Fifth Corps can be carried until our lines can be extended to the left, so as to envelop the enemy's line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. DUANE

Major of Engineers

Numbers 5. Reports of Major General George G. Meade, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., August 22, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith I send you reports of the operations of the 30th ultimo against Petersburg. As the whole matters of our deplorable failure on that occasion has been submitted to investigation I will not make any report myself until after the report of the Court of Inquiry is submitted, and then will probably confine myself to remarks on their proceedings.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC

August 16, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the operations on the 30th ultimo, when an unsuccessful assault was made on the enemy's works in front of Petersburg.

