
ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,August 2, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith the proceedings of a board of officers convened at this place by virtue of Special Orders, Numbers 205, paragraph 4, Army of the Potomac.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Recorder.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

August 2, 1864

Respectfully forwarded for the information and action of the lieutenant-general commanding.

The points raised by the Board are, in my judgment, valid, particularly so far as expressing an opinion on the facts collected. The Board might be instructed to collect facts without expressing any opinion, but under the circumstances I would prefer not giving any further, instructions, but would respectfully suggest the matter be referred to the President of the United States, with the request that he either confirm the powers given to the Board or constitute them into a court of inquiry. I am clearly of opinion the interest of the army and of the country are involved in having an investigation. I am desirous that my conduct, as well as that of all others concerned, should be thoroughly examined. This examination should be immediate and prompt. There is the broad fact, that well-laid plans, executed under the most favorable circumstance, have failed. Yet the absence of official reports, and the difficulty of getting them, prevent my having the necessary knowledge to act in the premises, and it appears that this Board, which was convened to collect the facts on which I might act, is of doubtful legality. I trust you will exercise your influence to induce the President to confer upon the Board the necessary authority, and for this purpose I would suggest an officer being sent to Washington.

GEO. G. MEADE.

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

Proceedings of a board of officers which convened on the 2nd of August, 1864, pursuant to the following orders:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Numbers 205. August 1, 1864.

* * * * * * *

4. A board of officers will assemble at such time and place on Tuesday, the 2nd instant, as the presiding officer may appoint, to examine into and report upon the facts and circumstances attending the unsuccessful assault on the enemy's position in front of Petersburg on the morning of July 30, 1864. The board will also report whether in their judgment any party or parties censurable for the failure of the troops to carry into successful execution the orders issued for the occasion.

