
duties in the action before Petersburg, Va., on the 30th of July, 1864, and having been duly ordered by his commanding officer, Major-General Meade, in orders dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, July 29, 1864, to advise him of every step in the progress of the operation and of everything important that should occur in that action and connected therewith within the command of him, said General Burnside, did fail to obey said over, although he was repeatedly called on verbally and in writing to do so. This before Petersburg, Va., on or about the 30th day of July 1864.

Specification 2nd. - In this: That Major General Ambrose E. Burnside, commanding Ninth Army Corps, being charged with certain important duties in the action before Petersburg, Va., on the 30th of July 1864, and having been duly ordered by his commanding officer, Major-General Meade in orders dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, July 29, 1864, to advise him of every step in the progress of the operation and of everything important that should occur in that action and connected therewith within the command of him, said General Burnside, did fail to advise the commanding general Major-General Meade of any steps in the progress of the operations, or to make any report of any kind to him between the hours of 11 a.m. July 30, 1864, and 9 a.m. July 31, 1864, although events of importance occurred within time in connection with said action, within his, said General Burnside's, command. This before Petersburg, Va., on or about the 30th and 31st days of July, 1864.

Specification 3rd.- In this: That Major General Ambrose E. Burnside, commanding Ninth Army Corps, being charged with certain important duties in the action before Petersburg, Va., on the 30th of July, 1864, and having been duly ordered by his commanding officer, Major-General Meade, in orders dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, July 29, 1864, to advise him of every step in the progress of the operation and of everything important that should occur in that action and connected therewith within the command of him, said General Burnside, and having been specifically ordered by his said commanding officer, by telegraph, at about forty minutes after 7 p.m. on the 30th of July, 1864, to report to him (said specific order being in form and manner following)-
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 30, 1864-7.40 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Commanding Ninth Corps:

The major-general commanding desires to know whether you still hold the crater, and, if so, whether you will be able to withdraw your troops from it safely to-night, and also to bring off the wounded. The commanding general wishes to know how many wounded are probably lying there. It will be recollected that on a former occasion General Beauregard declined to enter into any arrangement for the succor of the wounded and the burial of the dead lying under both fires, hence the necessity of immediate and active efforts for their removal in the present case.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

-did fail to give the information required by said telegram, or to make any reply thereto. This before Petersburg, Va., on or about the 30th day of July, 1864.

Specification 4th. -In this: That Major General Ambrose E. Burnside, commanding Ninth Army Corps,being charged with certain important duties in the action before Petersburg Va., on the 30th of July, 1864, and having been duly ordered by his commanding officer, Major-General Meade in orders dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, July 29, 1864, to advise him of every step in the progress of the operation and

