
June 27.- Major General Hancock resumes command.

June 30. - In position before Petersburg, Va.

July 1. - In position on the line in front of Petersburg.

July 12. - Destroyed the corps line of intrenchments and massed at Williams' house.

July 13.- Moved to vicinity of Deserted House, going in reserve.

July 15.- Second Division placed on left of the line.

July 26.- Moved across Appomattox and James Rivers to Strawberry Plains.

July 27. - Engaged with the enemy, capturing prisoners.

July 28. - Third Division moved back to vicinity of Petersburg.

July 29 and 30. - Returned to vicinity of Petersburg and massed in rear of Ninth Corps. In reserve during the action of the 30th; in the evening returned to vicinity of Deserted House.

First Division.

June 13. - Crossed at Long Bridge and marched to Wilcox's Wharf, on James River.

June 14. - Crossed the James River in transports.

June 15. - Marched to present position, near Petersburg.

June 16. - Assaulted the enemy's works.

June 17. - Assisted General Burnside's corps in capture of redoubts.

June 18. - Assaulted.

June 21. - Marched to the left, near Williams' house; advanced to within one mile and quarter of Weldon railroad, but were recalled.

June 22. - Advanced, but were obliged to return to first position to prevent being outflanked.

July 2.- Moved to Williams' house, destroying the intrenchments previously held by the division. At 6 p.m. of the same day moved to the junction of the Jerusalem plank and Reams' Station roads, returning to Williams' house at 11 p.m.

July 13. - Moved to position in rear of Fifth Corps.

July 26. - Moved across Appomattox and James Rivers.

July 27. -First Brigade advanced and took the position occupied by the enemy, capturing four 20-pounder Parrott guns.

July 29. - Recrossed the James and Appomattox Rivers.

July 30. - Moved in rear of the Eighteenth Corps. At 8 p.m. returned to former position in rear of the Fifth Corps.

First Brigade, First Division.

June 13. - Crossed the Chickahominy at 9 a.m. at Long Bridge; marched in the direction toward Charles City; arrived on the banks of the James at Swynyard's Landing at 4 p.m. and bivouacked for the night.

June 14. - Remained in camp until 11.45 p.m. ; moved to the landing.

June 15. - At 2.30 a.m. we embarked; crossed the James and landed at Wind-Mill Point. At 6 a.m. marched about one mile from the landing and bivouacked in an open field all forenoon. At 1.20 we moved, and arrived within three miles of Petersburg at 11.30 p.m.

June 16. - At 3 p.m. moved to within sight of Petersburg, and from thence moved to the left about two miles. At 5.30 a.m. formed the second line for a charge on the enemy's works.

June 17.- At 4 a.m. charged the enemy's works in conjunction with Burnside.

