
number of prisoners without a loss of 300 men. It was in getting back to our lines that the loss was sustained. The enemy attempted to charge and retake the line captured from them and were repulsed with heavy loss by our artillery; their loss in killed must be greater than ours, whilst our loss in wounded and captured is four times that of the enemy.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, N. C.

ADDENDA.

CITY POINT, August 2, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to request that the President may direct a court of inquiry, to assemble without delay at such place as the presiding officer may appoint, to examine into and report upon the facts and circumstances attending the unsuccessful assault on the enemy's position in front of Petersburg on the morning of July 30, 1864, and also to report whether, in their judgment, any officer of officer are censurable* for the failure of the troops to carry into successful execution the orders issued for the occasion, and I would suggest the following detail: Major General W. S. Hancock, Brigadier General R. B. Ayres, Brigadier General N. A. Miles, Volunteer service; Colonel E. Schriver, inspector-general and recorder.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

No. 2. Dispatches of Charles A. Dana, Assistant Secretary of War.

MOODY'S, VA., June 13, 1864 - 6 a. m.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Wison's cavalry crossed without opposition at Long Bridge about 8.30 p. m. yesterday. A pontoon bridge was laid at once, and Warren's corps got across and advanced upon and held the road leading toward Richmond. Smith, Wright, and Hancock withdrew from the lines before Cold Harbor without difficulty. Everything is going prosperously forward.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

LONG BRIDGE, VA., June 13, 1864 - 8 a. m.

(Received 9.15 p. m.)

Everything quiet. Hancock's corps is all close up here ready to cross. Wright and Burnside are moving to Jones' Bridge. No enemy in the way on either road. General Warren reports that there is no obstacle between here and James River. Wilson, who is feeling out with his cavalry toward White Oak Swamp bridge and toward Bottom's

---------------

* As received by Halleck this word is answerable.

---------------

