
July 27. - Crossed the James River at Deep Bottom at daylight. Formed line of battle and took part in the capture of the enemy's works and 4 guns. Remained at Deep Bottom until the evening of the 30th [29th]; again recrossed the James River. Marched all night and reached a point in rear of the Eighteenth Army Corps. Formed line and remained on reserve during the action of the Ninth Corps of that day [30th], returned to this camp at 8 p.m.

Fourth Brigade, First Division.

June 13. - Crossed the river at noon, and reached the bank of the James opposite Wind-Mill Point at 5 p.m.

June 14. - Crossed at 9 p.m.; moved a few miles up the river and rested for the night.

June 15. - Marched at noon.

June 16. - At 3 a.m. reached a point within a few miles of the defenses of Petersburg. After a few hours' rest the command advanced and took position on the left of the line. At 6.30 an attack was made on a rebel fort in the left and front, which was not successful. The brigade lost heavily in officers and men. Colonel Beaver, commanding, was wounded severely while at the left of the line directing the advance. After the repulse the brigade fell back to the breast-works.

June 17. - Supported a part of the Ninth Corps in a charge on the enemy's works farther to the right.

June 18. - Advanced half a mile and intrenched.

June 20. - Being relieved by other troops, the brigade withdrew from the line; passed the night near its first position.

June 21. - Marched in the direction of the Weldon railroad. Before taking up a line some sharp skirmishing occurred; breast-works were thrown up and occupied.

June 22.- The lines were advanced some distance, but failed to hold the position, the enemy penetrating to the rear of the line, and the brigade fell back to the rifle-pits, where it remained to the close of the month.

July 12. - The command moved from its old position toward the Williams house, where it laid in line until dark, when it took up a line of march south on the Jerusalem plank road to support Gregg's division of cavalry, returning, at midnight to the Williams house.

July 13. - At daylight the brigade proceeded on the road toward the James River, halting about noon in front of Petersburg, where the command halted and remained until the afternoon of the 26th.

July 26.- Took up the line of march; crossed the James River at Deep Bottom to support a cavalry force.

July 30. - Not being engaged with the enemy, it returned to the old place of encampment in the evening, losing only 1 man wounded.

Second Division, commanded by Major General John Gibbon.

June 13. - Crossed the Chickahominy and bivouacked near Charles City Court-House.

June 14. - Crossed James River and reached fortifications in front of Petersburg on the 15th instant, relieving a portion of the Eighteenth Army Corps. Participated in the several engagements with the enemy in front of Petersburg to the 30th instant.

During the month ending July 31 this command occupied a position on the left flank of the army in front of Petersburg until the evening

