
of the 26th, when, with the corps, it moved to the extreme right of the army, crossing the James River and participating in the skirmishes occurring in that vicinity.

July 29.- Recrossed the James River; marched until daylight of the 30th, when it was assigned position in rear of the Eighteenth Army Corps. On the evening of that day it returned to its former position on the left.

Third Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Thomas A. Smyth, First Delaware Infantry.

June 13. - Crossed the Chickahominy and bivouacked near Charles City Court-House until the next day.

June 14. - Crossed James River.

June 15. - Marched to and reached fortifications around Petersburg, relieving a portion of the Eighteenth Army Corps. Participated in the engagements before Petersburg with the division until the close of the month.

During the month [of July] this brigade occupied a position upon the left flank of the army in front of Petersburg until the evening of the 26th, when, with the corps, it broke camp and took up the line of march to the James River.

July 27.- Arrived at Jones' Neck at early dawn; crossed the river; participated in the skirmishers occurring there.

July 29. -Recrossed the river at dusk; marched all night, reaching Petersburg at daylight of the 30th.

July 30. - Massed in rear of the Eighteenth Corps, ready, if necessary, to render its services in the engagement of that day, but were not called upon. At night the brigade again returned to its former position on the left.

Third Division.

June 13. - Crossed the railroad at Dispatch Station at 5 a.m. and the river at Long Bridge, resting at Wilcox's Landing, on the James River, at 6 p.m.; threw up earth-works.

June 14. - Moved at 10 a.m. to the river and commenced crossing to Wind-Mill Point, which was accomplished by 4.30 p.m. and the troops massed near the Wilcox house.

June 15. - Two regiments moved at 7 a.m. as far as Cocke's Mill (or Powell's Creek), where they awaited the remainder of the division, which arrived about 11 a.m. During the remainder of the day the march was steady and severe, and the head of the column arrived near the ground where General Smith was engaged at 6. 15 p.m. and at midnight the whole command was in position in front of the works which the enemy had evacuated.

June 16.- Attacked at 6 a.m. with one brigade; at 6 p.m. with the division and intrenched on the advanced position gained.

June 17. - Major-General Birney was placed in command of the corps, and Brigadier-General Mott in command of division.

June 18. - Advanced at daylight crossing two lines of the enemy's works, and coming upon them strongly intrenched near the New Market race-course; intrenched. At 4.30 p.m. the First and Second Brigades, commanded by Colonel Madill, One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Colonel Chaplin, First Maine Heavy Artillery, respectively, charged the enemy's works and were repulsed with great

