
loss. The Third and Fourth Brigades reported to General Gibbon in the morning, and participated in an attack made by his division (Second) about noon.

June 20. - Relieved at midnight by Ninth Army Corps; moved to left and rear about one mile and massed.

June 21. - Marched at 8 a.m. crossing the Norfolk railroad and taking position on the west of the Jerusalem plank road.

June 22. - Advanced to take new line, which we were intrenching, when, at 4 p.m., the enemy turned the flank of the division on our left, which caused us to fall back to the point occupied in the morning.

June 23. - Advanced at 9 a.m. and found the enemy had retired. Retained this position without change of importance until the 30th instant.

July 1 to 11. - Division occupied the breast-works, right connecting with the Fifth Corps, with no firing of importance by us or from the enemy.

July 12. - Division, except the picket-line, withdrawn from the intrenchments at about 3 a.m. by way of the Jones house and plank road, massing about one mile to the left and rear, near the Williams house.

July 13. - Moved to the right about three miles and encamped in rear of the Fifth Corps; remained in camp performing fatigue duty until the 26th.

July 26. -At 5 p.m. broke camp and marched, crossing the James River, via Point of Rocks and Jones' Landing.

July 27. - Arrived at Deep Bottom at daylight and attacked the enemy.

July 28. - Recrossed the James River at 9 p.m.

July 29. - Relieved the Eighteenth Corps in the trenches.

July 30. - At dark returned to our former camps in rear of the Fifth Corps.

First Brigade, Third Division.

June 12. - Accompanied the army on the march toward Petersburg.

June 14. - Crossed the James River.

June 16. - Participated in a severe conflict with the enemy, in which it was successful, our troops behaving nobly, since with time we have occupied the front line of the works, holding the center of the division.

Nothing of interest occurred up to July 26, when the brigade broke camp and marched toward the James River, crossing the Appomattox about 11 p.m.

July 27. - Arrived at the James River, near Deep Bottom, at daylight. We immediately crossed the James River and attacked the enemy; had a brisk skirmish, in which the brigade lost 4 officers and 44 men.

July 28. - Recrossed the James at night and marched until daylight.

July 29. - At dark we relieved General Turner's division, of the Eighteenth Corps, in the trenches.

July 30. - We were relieved at night, and returned to our present camp.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

June 12. - We received marching orders and the same night the brigade started with the rest of the division for James River.

June 13. - Arrived at the river at night.

