
July 28.- Our position was changed somewhat, and we intrenched preparatory to an attack of the enemy; but as they concluded that discretion is the better part of valor, they did that valiant deed and left us alone. On this date the First Maine Heavy Artillery was temporarily transferred to the First Brigade, and the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers transferred to this brigade, Colonel H. J. Madill, of the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania, assuming command of the brigade. At night we were ordered back to the south side of the James River, which order was executed, getting into position at daybreak.

July 29. - In the evening we marched to the front lines and relieved a part of the Eighteenth Corps in the trenches.

During the engagement of the 30th we had sharp skirmishing with the enemy, in which our loss was 1 killed and 4 wounded. The same evening we were relieved by the Eighteenth Corps and returned to our former camp, that we occupied on the 26th, arriving there on the morning of the 31st, where we remain at the present time.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

June 13. - At 10.30 a.m. crossed the Chickahominy River at Long

Bridge and marched in the direction of James River.

June 14. - At 10 a.m. marched to the banks of the river. At 2 p.m. commenced crossing in transports from Wilcox's Wharf. At 6.30 p.m. the command had crossed the river and halted at a point two miles distant from Wind-Mill Point.

June 15. - Marched in the direction of Petersburg, arriving in front of that place about 10 p.m.

June 16. - Went into position in front of the enemy's works and intrenched. At 4 p.m. advanced on the enemy along the Petersburg road. At 9 p.m. intrenched the position gained during the advance.

June 18. - At 4 a.m. advanced upon the enemy and took possession of another line of rifle-pits. At 4 p.m. the brigade made an assault on the enemy's works in front of Hare's house with heavy loss.

June 20. - Moved to the left and rear about one mile and massed.

June 21. - At 10 a.m. marched three miles to the left, crossing the Petersburg and Suffolk Railroad; went into position and threw up a line of works to the left of Second Division of this corps; advanced skirmishers and discovered the enemy's works in our front.

June 22. - Moved to an advanced position in front of the works we had occupied and commenced to intrench. About 4 p.m. the enemy made an attack upon the troops of the First Division of this corps, which occupied a position in our immediate left,causing them to fall back in confusion. The enemy then advanced upon our rear and flank and the brigade fell back to the position occupied yesterday. Remained in this position until the present date [June 30.].

July 1 to 12. - Remained in camp in front of Petersburg.

July 12. - Moved to the left one mile and massed on the Jerusalem plank road near the Williams house.

July 13. - Moved to the right about two miles, and went into camp in rear of the Dunn house.

July 26. - Marched at 4 p.m., crossing the Appomattox River at 10.30 p.m., arriving at the banks of the James River at Deep Bottom about daylight, and went into position near the point of crossing.

July 28. - Recrossed the river at 9 p.m.; marched until 3.30 a.m. of the 29th, and massed the brigade near the headquarters of the Eighteenth Army Corps.

