
July 29. - Marched at dark and occupied the works in front of the enemy vacated by the Eighteenth Army Corps.

July 30. - At 9 p.m. was relieved by the troops of the Eighteenth Army Corps and marched to our present position.

Artillery Brigade, commanded by Major John G. Hazard, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

June 13. - Arrived at the James River.

June 15. - Six batteries moved with the corps, arriving at Petersburg.

June 16. - Engaged; the remaining batteries arrived at 4 p.m.; also engaged. Engaged till June 23 more or less in the numerous assaults on the works around Petersburg.

Quiet the remainder of the month; now near the Jerusalem plank road, three miles from Petersburg.*

Moved from the neighborhood of the Jerusalem plank road to the Deserted House; in camp until the 26th.

July 26. - Moved across the James River to Deep Bottom.

July 27. - Four batteries engaged.

July 29. - Recrossed the James River.

July 30. - Lay in reserve during the assault.

July 31. - Returned to former camp near the Norfolk road.

FIFTH ARMY CORPS.#

June 13. - Moved out to White Oak Swamp, and skirmished with enemy. At 7 p.m. set out for Charles City Court-House; marched all night.

June 14. - Reached Charles City Court-House.

June 16. - Crossed James River at Wind-Mill Point, and marched until after midnight, arriving at Petersburg.

June 17. - Part of corps engaged in supporting Ninth Corps.

June 18. - Advanced against enemy; drove him to his intrenchments and made heavy assault at 3 or 4 p.m.; took up position close to enemy's lines. Remained in this position skirmishing with the enemy daily during rest of the month.

During the past month [July] the corps has been in position in front of Petersburg, Va. It has been constantly engaged in constructing works for the purpose of advancing the siege, and in holding the left flank of this army.

July 30. - The artillery and a portion of the corps were engaged with the enemy during the assault upon his works by the Ninth Corps.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Charles Griffin.

June 13. - In the morning crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge, and resumed the march for Charles City Court-House the same evening.

June 14. - Reached the James River.

June 16. - Crossed the James River near Wilcox's Landing; resumed the march for Petersburg, going into position near that place the same evening.

---------------

*End of the June record.

#Commanded by Major General Gouverneur K. Warren.

---------------

