
The division participated in the assault made on the interior line on the 18th instant. From that time up to the present date [June 30] the command has remained in front of the enemy at this place.

[July 31.] - Since June 30 the division has remained in front of Petersburg, performing picket duty and constructing earth-works and batteries.

First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel William S. Tilton, Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry.

June 13. - It crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge, and halted for the day on the south side of the river; at night-fall it again moved forward.

June 14. - Encamped in the afternoon near Charles City Court-House.

June 16. - Crossed the James River in the morning on transports at Wilcox's Landing, and marched in the direction of Petersburg.

The brigade participated in the assault made on the interior line of the enemy's works on the 18th instant. From that time to the present date [June 30] the command has remained in the front line of earth-works. No enlisted men have been transferred to the Veteran Reserve Corps during the month.

[July 31] The brigade still occupies the position it held at date of last monthly return, and the troops of the command have been engaged in doing picket duty and building breast-works and batteries.

Third Brigade, First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Joseph J. Bartlett.

July 1 to 31. - In the trenches before Petersburg, Va.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Romeyn B. Ayres.

Two brigades (Second and Third) occupied the trenches in front of Petersburg, Va., until the 27th and 28th [July], when they were relieved by the First Division, the First Brigade being already in reserve.

July 30. - The division was marched to the support of the Ninth Corps,and held in reserve during the assault upon the enemy's line.

Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Nathan T. Dushane, First Maryland Infantry.

June 13. - Crossed the [Chickahominy] River at 4 a.m., and moved in a westerly direction about two miles.

June 14.- Brigade marched to Charles City Court-House, at which place we remained during the 15th.

June 16. - At 11 a.m. brigade crossed James River on board transports, and extended our march in direction of Petersburg.

June 17. - The brigade moved up to the trenches.

June 18. - At 3 a.m. the brigade was ordered to support General Cutler, occupying the extreme left of the army; were ordered by General Cutler to form in line of battle, throwing out skirmishers,and advanced on the line to find the enemy; pressed forward and found him. We sustained a loss of 6 killed and 19 wounded. At 2 p.m. we joined our division,and took position on the south side of the Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad. Remained in camp until 5 p.m. of the 22d, when

