
the brigade was ordered to report to the Jones house, and from there to General Birney, commanding Second Army Corps, who ordered the brigade to the support of General Barlow; returned to camp during the night.

June 23.- At 5 p.m. the brigade was ordered to report to General Wright, commanding Sixth Army Corps, at Williams' house; were placed in line on the extreme left of the army, protecting the flank; threw up earth-works. At 12 o'clock, midnight, the brigade was ordered to take position on the left of Williams' house, where it remained until 5 p.m. of the 24th, when it rejoined division.

June 25. - At 8.30 p.m. the brigade relieved the Third Brigade, which was occupying the trenches in front of the enemy, at which place the brigade remained during the balance of the month. The brigade remained in the trenches until the 28th [July], when it was relieved and moved to the rear, and encamped.

July 30. - It marched to the front, supporting the Ninth Army Corps, which made an assault on the enemy's works. At 10.30 a.m. brigade returned to camp.

Third Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel J. Howard Kitching, Sixth New York Heavy Artillery.

June 13. - In the morning crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge.

June 16. - Crossed the James River on transports.

June 18. - Advanced on the enemy's works at 4 p.m.; engaged them and established our line about 350 yards in advance, and encamped in front of Petersburg and commenced building works.

June 30. - Position unchanged.

July 1 to 27.- This command has occupied the rifle-pits in front of Petersburg, Va.

July 27. - Was relieved from the rifle-pits and sent to the rear in reserve.

July 30. - Ordered to the front as a reserve for the Ninth and Eighteenth Corps. At night was again ordered to the rear in reserve.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Samuel W. Crawford.

June 13. - Crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge at 1 a.m.; halted at daylight in line of battle; advanced about 6 a.m. in support of the cavalry (General Wilson), about three miles, near the Charles City Cross-Roads. At 10 p.m. moved to Saint Mary's Church and halted for the night.

June 14. - Continued our march at 6 a.m., passing Ladd's Store and Georgetown; halted at 11 a.m. about one mile from Charles City Court-House.

June 16. - Broke camp at daylight; marched three miles to James River; embarked at plantation landing on transports; landed at Wind-Mill Point on the south side of the river; marched to within three miles of Petersburg; halted at 2.30 a.m.

June 17. - At 11 a.m. advanced three-quarters of a mile to the outer works of Petersburg; formed line of battle; at dark advanced in support of First Division, Ninth Army Corps (General Ledlie), Third Brigade in front, the First and Second Brigades in supporting distance; captured the Thirty-ninth North Carolina Regiment, colors and all.

June 18. - Commenced advancing to our left at 4 a.m.; advanced our lines about a mile, crossing the Suffolk railroad; threw up intrench-

