
ments; remained in line, much annoyed by sharpshooters, until June 24, when we were relieved by General Wilcox's division, Ninth Army Corps; moved to the left about three miles; relieved General Gibbon's division, Second Corps.

June 28. - Portion of our line thrown forward, making close connection with the Second Army Corps.

June 30. - In line of battle on the Jerusalem plank road.

July 12. - The division was withdrawn from intrenched line in front, connecting on the right with Griffin's (First) Division. The First and Second Brigades occupy the large and small redoubts on our left flank, the Third Brigade in reserve; position of picket-line unchanged.

July 13. - Two hundred men of the Second Corps picket, connecting with the left of Third Division picket, relieved by same number from Second Brigade.

July 14. - Relieved all of the Second Corps picket-line from the Jerusalem plank road near Williams' house, on the left, to the point of woods where the line breaks to the rear on the right by Third Brigade.

First Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel Peter Lyle, Ninetieth Pennsylvania Infantry.

June 13. - Took position near White Oak Swamp bridge; skirmished during the day, and after dark marched to Saint Mary's Church, bivouacking.

June 14. - Encamped near Charles City Court-House.

June 16. - Crossed the James River, and halted three miles from Petersburg.

June 17. - Remained in reserve.

June 18. - Advanced and drove the enemy's skirmishers across the Norfolk railroad into their works; threw up intrenchments, connecting with the Ninth Corps on the right. Remained in this position until the morning of the 24th, losing many men daily from the close proximity of the enemy's works.

June 24. - Moved to the left; relieved a portion of the Second Corps, on the Jerusalem plank road, where the brigade remains at this date, June 30.

[July 31.] - Since July 1 no movements or changes of importance have transpired. The command has been engaged in building fortifications. Transferred to Veteran Reserve Corps-Sixteenth Maine Volunteers, three men, Ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, four men, One hundred and fourth New York Volunteers, one man. Total, eight enlisted men.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

June 13. - Brigade ordered to relieve the cavalry; Ninety-fourth New York deployed as skirmishers, the enemy opening on them; threw up breast-works and remained in position all day. At dark marched to Saint Mary's Church.

June 14. - Reached that point at 4 a.m. At 6 a.m. started, reaching Charles City Court-House.

June 15. - Remained in same position.

June 16. - Moved at 3 a.m.; crossed the James River on transports; rested two hours. At 2 p.m. marched on the road leading to Petersburg.

June 17. - Arrived near that city at 8 a.m.; at the outer works of Petersburg in the evening; marched to the left in support of Ninth Corps; returned same night to former position.

