
June 18. - Marched to left, formed in line of battle, and advanced on the position held by the enemy. At 4 p.m. brigade and one of the First Division pressed forward. On getting out of the woods behind the bank (where the line had been formed) the enemy opened a heavy fire. Losing heavily, and not being supported, the brigade fell back behind the bank, remaining until dark, then retired to the next crest and threw up a line of breast-works, working all night.

June 19. - Lay behind the works all day.

June 20 to 26. - Same position.

June 26. - Moved at 12 p.m. relieving the Third Brigade, taking position in their works on the Jerusalem road.

June 30. - Remained in same position.

July 1. - In intrenchments on Jerusalem plank road; remained until

July 11; moved to the rear one mile, leaving a detachment as picket.

July 17. - Brigade commenced building abatis.

July 18. - Built breast-works on the left, connecting with Second Corps.

July 29. - Received orders at 12 p.m. to prepare for an attack; troops under arms at 3 a.m. [30th]; this brigade not engaged.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

June 13. - Crossed the Chickahominy in the morning with Wilson's cavalry; engaged the enemy near White Oak Swamp from 2 to 10 p.m., then marched to near Saint Mary's Church.

June 14. - Arrived at that place in the morning, making a distance from Providence Church of twenty-five miles; marched to Charles City Court-House a distance of five miles.

June 16. - Moved at an early hour; crossed James River at Wind-Mill Point on steamers; marched until the morning of the 17th, a distance of twenty-two miles, and encamped near Petersburg, Va. In the evening had an engagement, and captured a number of prisoners, arms, &amp;c., had daily skirmishes with the enemy until the 22d.

June 23. - Crossed the Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad and relieved a brigade of the Second Corps, under a galling fire of artillery and musketry; remained in rifle-pits until the end of the month.

[July 31.]- The entire brigade has been engaged doing picket and fatigue duty daily to the left of the Jerusalem plank road up to the 14th, at which time they relieved a division of the Second Corps, doing picket duty at the extreme left of the line the remainder of the month.

Fourth Division, commanded by Brigadier General Lysander Cutler.

June 13. - Crossed the Chickahominy at 5 a.m. at Long Bridge; marched at 5 p.m. as train guard, and bivouacked about two miles from Charles City Court-House.

June 16. - Moved at 4.30 a.m. to cross the James River; embarked at 10.30 o'clock, and landed on south side about three miles above Wind-Mill Point. At 3.10 p.m. moved on Petersburg; bivouacked at house of Mr. Burchett, about two miles beyond Prince George Court-House.

June 17. - At 7 a.m. moved one mile and a half to the front; encountered the enemy, when we intrenched; shelling all day; loss slight.

June 18. - Moved at 4 a.m.; passed the enemy's outer and second line of works, which the had abandoned during the night. At 3 p.m.

