
made an unsuccessful charge upon the enemy's works in front of us; loss very heavy; intrenched at 10 p.m.; have occupied the same ground since; loss each day from sharpshooters has been very heavy.

No movement of the division has been made since last report [for June]. Heavy details have been furnished during the month for fatigue duty, digging trenches, roads, &amp;c.

July 30. - Engaged the enemy with musketry during operations of Ninth and Eighteenth Army Corps, without leaving the trenches.

First Brigade, Fourth Division, commanded by Colonel Edward S. Bragg, Sixth Wisconsin Infantry.

The brigade was engaged in the action of Bethesda Church [May 31], and participated in the skirmishing, marching, and fighting of the corps from that time to the end of the month [June], at which time it is in the works southeast of Petersburg.

June 11.- Those of the Second Wisconsin Volunteers whose term had not expired were transferred to the Independent Battalion Wisconsin Volunteers, and the remainder left for Wisconsin to be discharged the service.

[July.]-Participated in the siege of Petersburg.

Second Brigade, Fourth Division, commanded by Colonel J. William Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.

June 13. - Crossed the Chickahominy at 5 a.m. at Long Bridge; marched at 5 p.m. as train guard, and bivouacked about two miles from Charles City Court-House.

June 16. - Moved at 4.30 a.m. to cross the James; embarked at 10.30 o'clock, and landed on south side about three miles above Wind-Mill Point. At 3.10 p.m. moved on Petersburg; bivouacked at house of Mr. Burchett, about two miles beyond Prince George Court-House.

June 17. - At 7 a.m. moved one mile and a half to the front; encountered the enemy, when we intrenched; shelling all day; loss slight.

June 18. - Moved at 4 a.m.; passed the enemy's outer and second line of works, which they had abandoned during the night. At 3 p.m. made an unsuccessful charge upon the enemy's works in front of us; loss very heavy; over 300 killed and wounded; about 1,300 engaged; intrenched at 10 p.m; have occupied same ground since; loss each day from sharpshooters has been very heavy, amounting in all to 102 men.

June 28. - Were relieved from line by Bragg's brigade, and moved into woods in rear of line.

Artillery Brigade, commanded by Colonel Charles S. Wainwright, First New York Light Artillery.

June 13. - Crossed Chickahominy at daylight; marched three miles; left at evening; marched all night, to Charles City Court-House; distance, fifteen miles.

June 14 and 15 . - Headquarters at Wilcox's house.

June 16. - Crossed James River below Wind-Mill Point;marched to near Petersburg; arrived on the morning of the 17th; distance, thirteen miles; three batteries engaged.

June 18.- Fought all day; lines advanced about one mile.

