
June 19. - Before Petersburg; headquarters at Avery's house. No general engagement has taken place since this date.

[July] - Nothing of importance transpired prior to the 30th instant, when all the batteries of this command were engaged with those of the enemy.

SIXTH ARMY CORPS.*

June 13. - Crossed Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge and encamped.

June 14. - Moved to Charles City Court-House.

June 15. - Remained at Charles City Court-House.

June 16. - Moved to vicinity of pontoon bridge and intrenched; at night Second Division crossed pontoon bridge and reported to General Meade. The First and Third Divisions embarked on transports for Bermuda Hundred and reported to General Butler.

June 18. - Remained in General Butler's department.

June 19. - Crossed the Appomattox; joined Army of the Potomac; took position on right of the line.

June 20. - In same position.

June 21. - At night moved to extreme left to line.

June 22. - Moved out about two miles; had slight skirmish.

June 23. - Had another skirmish and fell back afterward to original line.

June 24. - Advanced skirmish line to position of previous day.

June 25.to 28. - In same position.

June 29. - Moved to Reams' Station.

June 30. - Destroyed three miles of railroad; at night moved back to Tucker house, on Jerusalem plank road.

July 1. - Camp near Warwick Swamp.

July 2. - Returned to original position on left of the line, near Petersburg.

July 6. - Third Division marched at daylight to City Point and embarked for Baltimore.

July 10.- First and Second Divisions embarked at City Point for Washington.

First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel William H. Penrose, Fifteenth New Jersey Infantry.

[June 30.] - The brigade has been engaged in all the battles in which the Sixth Corps participated, from Cold Harbor, Va., to and before Petersburg, Va.

July 9. - The brigade left Petersburg, Va., for Washington, D. C., by transports, and arrived July 11, since which time the brigade has been attached to the Department of West Virginia.

Second Brigade, First Division,commanded by Colonel Emory Upton, One hundred and twenty-first New York Infantry.

June 13. - Crossed Chickahominy at 7 p.m. and encamped; guarded artillery and trains during the march.

June 14. - Resumed the march; at 7 p.m. reached James River near Fort Powhatan.

June 17. - Took transports at Wilson's Wharf at 1 a.m.; disembarked at Bermuda Hundred at 6 a.m. and marched to Point of Rocks.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General Horatio G. Wright.

---------------

