
June 16. - Moved about one mile and a half from landing at Powhatan Point and threw up works to cover crossing of the James River. At 4.45 p.m. reached the landing and embarked on transports, landing at Bermuda Hundred, and marched to the intrenchments midway between the James and Appomattox Rivers.

June 17 and 18.- Remained in same place.

June 19. - Marched across the Appomattox to a position in rear of the line fronting Petersburg.

June 20. - Remained in same place.

June 21. - Marched at 4.40 p.m.; crossed the Petersburg and Weldon [Norfolk and Petersburg?] Railroad; went into position west of the plank road, near Williams' house.

June 22. - Threw up works; some skirmishing about dark; advanced the lines about one mile.

June 23 to 28. - Remained at same place.

June 29. - Marched at 2 p.m., striking Petersburg and Weldon Railroad at Reams' Station at 7.30 p.m.

June 30. - Threw up works and destroyed railroad. At 4.30 p.m. marched back to where we last left the plank road, near Williams' house.

July 1. - Remained near the plank road.

July 2. - Returned to old camp near Williams' house.

July 3 to 6. - Remained at same place. At 7 a.m. of the latter day the division moved out of their works and marched to City Point. At 2 p.m. embarked on transports for Baltimore.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

June 14. - Encamped near Charles City Court-House.

June 16. - Embarked in transports for Bermuda Hundred.

June 19. - Moved across the Appomattox to Petersburg.

June 21. - Moved to extreme left of the line, near Weldon railroad; intrenched.

June 22. - Heavy skirmishing until evening, when we charged to Weldon railroad, but found no enemy in force.

June 23 and 24. - Were outflanked and fell back to our former position near Williams' house.

June 29. - Marched to Reams' Station.

June 30. - Marched back to within three miles of Williams' house.

NINTH ARMY CORPS.*

June 13. - Moved at 11 a.m.; crossed the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge and halted for the night. The Fourth Division marched to New Kent Court-House.

June 14. - Marched to James River and encamped near Wilcox's Landing; Fourth Division marched beyond Slatersville.

June 15. - Crossed the James River at night, and moved in the direction of Petersburg. Arrived in front of the latter place at 6 p.m. [16th]. The Fourth Division marched to the Chickahominy River.

June 16.- Fourth Division crossed the Chickahominy;marched to the James River and encamped.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General Ambrose E. Burnside.

---------------

