
June 17. - Attacked the enemy in front of Petersburg. The Second Division made an attack at 3 a.m. and carried the enemy's position, capturing 4 guns, 3 stand of colors, and several hundred prisoners. The Fourth Division crossed the James River.

June 18. - Attacked the enemy and gained a position across the Petersburg, and Norfolk Railroad. Loss in Third Division quite severe. The Fourth Division arrived at the front.

June 19. - Engaged in intrenching and strengthening position.

June 30. - Hold about the same position as on the 19th, since which time the troops have been engaged in skirmishing and strengthening line of works.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General James H. Ledlie.

June 12. - The Fourth and Tenth U. S. Infantry, in accordance with telegram from headquarters Army of the Potomac, were transferred to the Fifth Corps. On the evening of the same day the division left the intrenchments near Cold Harbor and marched all night.

June 13. - Arrived at Tunstall's Station at daybreak; started again at 11 a.m., and halted for the night near Jones' Bridge, over the Chickahominy.

June 14. - Marched to James River, encamped about two miles below the pontoon bridge, and remained there until the night of the 15th.

June 15.- Soon after dark started and marched all night and until 6 p.m. the next day, arriving in front of Petersburg.

June 17. - Advanced at daybreak in support of the Second Division. This division not engaged until late in the p.m., when they charged, with severe loss, and took a line of works interior to those captured by General Potter, but in the night were obliged to leave them again on being attacked, as both flanks were entirely unprotected. The enemy, however, retired before morning to the line of works they now hold.

June 18.- In accordance with authority from headquarters Ninth Army Corps, the Twenty-first Massachusetts, Third Maryland, One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and the One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers were transferred from the Second Brigade to the First ; the Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers from the First to the Second, and the Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery and Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery from the Third to the Second, by Special Orders, Numbers 27, of these headquarters. The division remained in reserve until the night of the 20th, when they relieved General Barlow's division, Second Army Corps in the trenches, where they still [June 30] remain the Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, on their left, and General Turner's division, Tenth Army Corps, on their right.

July 1 to 29.- Remained in trenches in front of Petersburg, Va., with constant sharpshooting and artillery practice, strengthening the works and erecting new ones, especially a mortar battery near the left of teh line held by the division.

July 21. - Brigadier General W. F. Bartlett, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to the general commanding the division, was assigned to the command of the First Brigade, to which the Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers was transferred from the Second Brigade. The Third Maryland and One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers were transferred from the First to the Second Brigade, to the command of which Colonel E. G. Marshall, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery, was assigned.

