
July 29. - The division was relieved by Brigadier-General Carr's division (colored), of the Eighteenth Army Corps, and formed in column of assault behind the line held by General Potter, commanding Second Division.

July 30. - Took part in the action of the exploded fort in front of Petersburg, Va., forming the advance of the charging column. The division suffered very severely, both brigade commanders being captured, among other casualties.

July 31. - Remained in rear, and after dark returned to the old position in the trenches, relieving General Carr's division.

Second Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Ebenezer W. Peirce, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry.

June 12 to 16. - Marched across the Peninsula.

June 17. - Severe action in front of Petersburg.

June 18. - Brigade reorganized.

June 21 to 30.. - In front line on right of Ninth Corps, intrenching, picketing, skirmishing, and sharpshooting. This brigade was organized June 18 by order of Brigadier-General Ledlie.

July 1 to 29.-In First Division line before Petersburg, Va., intrenching, picketing, and sharpshooting.

July 29. - Moved to line of Third Division for assault.

July 30. - Action of the exploded fort; moved back to old camp.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Robert B. Potter.

June 15. - Moved at dark and crossed James River about midnight.

June 16. - Reached position near Petersburg; division held in support of Barlow's division, Sixth [Second] Corps, in attack on enemy's lines at 6 p.m.; two brigades slightly engaged.

June 17. - Division attacked at 3 a.m. with bayonet; carried enemy's position, capturing 4 guns, 3 colors, and several hundred prisoners; loss slight.

June 18. - Advanced lines one mile; enemy falling back. First Brigade attacked in afternoon and pushed lines well up to enemy's front, crossing Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad.

June 30.- Division in intrenched position before enemy's lines around Petersburg. More or less skirmishing night and day. Occasionally heavy artillery fire from both sides.

During the month the division has been in position before the enemy's works around Petersburg.

July 30. - A mine, under the superintendence of Lieutenant-Colonel Pleasants, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and excavated by the enlisted men of the regiment, was sprung successfully. The division, in concert with the other divisions of the corps, charged the enemy's position, carried his first line of rifle-pits, and advanced to a position overlooking a ravine as ordered. Being unsupported, the division fell back to the original lines.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Henry Pleasants, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

June 14. - Arrived at camp near James River, Va.

June 15. - Left there.

