
June 16. - Arrived near Petersburg, Va., where we still [June 30] remain.

[July]- Engaged in siege operations in trenches before Petersburg, Va.

July 30. - Assault on enemy's works.

Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Simon G. Griffin.

June 12. - At night quietly withdrew from the works in front, moving in the direction of James River.

June 15.- Crossed the river at night.

June 16. - Arrived in front of the enemy's works at Petersburg in the afternoon.

June 17. .- At daylight the brigade made a most splendid and successful assault upon the works of the enemy, carrying the works and capturing 2 pieces of artillery and about 375 prisoners. Since then the lines have been gradually advanced, and the brigade now holds a very strong position in close proximity to the rebel lines.*

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Orlando B. Willcox.

June 15. - Crossed James River at Wind-Mill Point on pontoon bridge. Ordered to Petersburg to support of Eighteenth Corps.

June 16. - Took up position in front of Petersburg at 4 p.m.; Christ's brigade in position on left of army; Hartranft's brigade ordered to support of Birney's division, Second Corps.

June 17. - Formed for assault at 9 a.m.; attacked at 12 m. Failed to carry the works, but gained and held some ground to the front and left of Second Corps; supported First Division, Ninth Army Corps, with one brigade. At 5.30 p.m. in second assault captured 1 stand of colors (Thirty-fifth North Carolina) and 100 prisoners. Loss during day heavy.

June 18. - Pressed forward at daylight; soon became engaged. At 12 a. m. charged the enemy's line and carried a deep-cut track of Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad one mile from Petersburg. At 4 p.m. assaulted enemy's new line; failed to take it; loss in killed and wounded severe.

June 19. - Held all ground gained and intrenched heavily. Were relieved from front line by Second Division, Ninth Army Corps.

June 20.- Relieved General Mott's division, Second Corps, on King George Court-House road at Hare house; opened fire from battery on Petersburg.

June 23. - Erected work for artillery within 200 yards of enemy's main line, and built abatis along whole line under heavy fire.

June 24. - Moved to the left and relieved General Crawford's division, Fifth Corps, on front line, under fire.

June 25 to 29. - Engaged in strengthening, and straightening lines and getting artillery in position, building abatis, &amp;c.

June 30. - Mortar battery, four guns, put in position. Since June 17 division constantly under fire, losing more or less men every day.

Since June 20 in the trenches without support. The Forty-sixth New York Veteran Volunteers assigned to division June 2, Second Brigade.

---------------

*End of the June record. No itinerary for July on file.

---------------

