
The Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry (dismounted) assigned to division June 9, from First Division, Second Brigade. The Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers assigned to division June 11, First Brigade. The Thirteenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry (dismounted) assigned to division June 29, First Brigade.

July 1. - The division was in the trenches in front of Petersburg and remained there defending the line and fortifying the position, until July 25, when one brigade (Humphrey's)was taken to the rear, on being relieved by a brigade of the Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps (colored), Colonel Sigfried commanding.

July 26. - Humphrey's brigade (Second) was moved to the left of the army, on the Suffolk road, and occupied works held by the Second Corps.

July 29.- Humphrey's brigade (Second) withdrawn from the left and moved to the rear of the First Brigade.

July 30.- The division was engaged in the assault on the enemy's lines at the crater, supporting the First Division of the corps; carried a portion of the enemy's breast-works on the left of crater by a front attack and captured 100 prisoners; First Brigade dug up two pieces of artillery from the crater produced by the blowing up of the enemy's fort and turned them on the enemy. The division helped to repulse two attacks, losing quite heavily in killed, and wounded. At 3 p.m. returned from works captured into our original lines by orders.

July 31. - One brigade (Second) is on the front line repairing damage done to our works by charging over them; First Brigade (Hartranft's) in camp in the rear.

First Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General John F. Hartranft.

June 15. - Crossed the James River at Wind-Mill Point at midnight' and marched to within three miles of Petersburg, where we halted at 4 p.m. of the 16th and formed our line of battle. At dusk we were moved to the right to support Birney's division, of the Second Corps.

June 17.- We advanced this morning and charged the enemy's works at 2 p.m. but owing to a severe flank fire of artillery and musketry from the left, and our line of direction being too much to the right, we withdrew with severe loss and supported the First Division, which made an advance at the same point during the night.

June 18. - At 5 a.m. the whole line made an advance for about a mile, the enemy having withdrawn from our immediate front during the night. At 12 m. we made another advance to the railroad, and at 3.30 p.m. attempted to storm the enemy's works, which was not accomplished. Remained here until midnight, when we were relieved by the Second Division, Ninth Army Corps. Loss in this brigade very heavy.

June 20. - Moved about a mile to the right, and relieved Mott's division, of the Second Army Corps.

June 24. - Were relieved by troops of the Tenth Army Corps and we in turn relieved Crawford's division, of the Fifth Corps, on the left of the position held by us on the 18th. Here we still [June 30] remain, having advanced our line and thrown up heavy works.

This brigade held its own position under fire of the enemy before Petersburg, Va., up to July 30. During the month a great amount of labor was performed by the troops in fortifying and strengthening the lines, erecting bomb-proofs, digging covered ways, &amp;c. The entire loss of the brigade from the 1st to the 29th, inclusive, on the line was 17 killed and 106 wounded.

