
July 30. - The command took part in the assault made by the Ninth Army Corps on the enemy's works. The loss sustained was as follows: Killed, 5 officers ad 67 men; wounded, 14 officers and 248 men; missing, 4 officers and 127 men. At night the troops were withdrawn and put into camp about one mile in the rear of our lines.

Second Brigade, Third Division commanded by Colonel William Humphrey,

Second Michigan Infantry.

June 15.- Crossed the James River at night.

June 16. - About noon arrived in front of Petersburg.

June 17.- Participated in the charge made by the division.

June 18. - Were engaged again, losing heavily. Colonel Christ, commanding brigade was wounded when the command was assumed by Colonel Raulston, Twenty-fourth New York (dismounted) Cavalry. He was wounded also, and Colonel William Humphrey, Second Michigan Volunteers, was assigned to the command on the 19th by order of General Willcox, commanding division. The Second Michigan Volunteers was transferred from the First to this brigade the same day.

Since the 19th the brigade has been in the trenches in front of Petersburg. No general engagement has taken place.*

July 1. - Occupied the advance line on the extreme left of the Ninth Corps line in front of Petersburg. Remained here, nothing occurring worthy of note until the 25th.

July 25. - The brigade relieved by a part of the First Brigade, Third Division, and a part of the First Brigade, Fourth Division, moved to the rear a short distance and encamped in the open field.

July 27. - Received orders to report to Brigadier-General White, commanding Fourth Division; marched to the extreme left of our line and occupied a position, our left resting on the old Norfolk road.

July 29. - Orders were received to recall pickets and be ready to march at dark. Moved at 9 p.m. toward our old position and halted near the headquarters of the Fifth Corps from 10.30 o'clock until about 3 a.m. next morning, when we moved toward the front.

July 30.- Participated in the assault on the enemy's line in front of Petersburg; made one charge, which was partially successful. The loss of the brigade on this day was: Killed, 2 commissioned officers and 114 enlisted men; wounded, 13 commissioned officers and 99 enlisted men; missing, 5 commissioned officers and 85 enlisted men. Aggregate loss, 218.

July 31. - Occupy the front line, formerly held by the First Brigade of this division, excepting the First, Second, and Twentieth Michigan Regiments, which have been relieved, having suffered severely in yesterday's engagement.

Fourth Division, commanded by Brigadier General Edward Ferrero.

June 13. - Marched to New Kent Court-House.

June 14. - Marched to and beyond Slatersville.

June 15. - Marched to Chickahominy River.

June 16. - Crossed Chickahominy River; marched to and encamped on the James River.

June 17. - Crossed the James River.

June 18. - Marched to the front.

June 19. - Rejoined the Ninth Corps.

---------------

*End of the June record.

---------------

