
June 20. - Relieved Second Corps in the second line of intrenchments.

June 23. - Relieved by part of Tenth Corps, and took position in rear of Second Division, Ninth Army Corps.

June 27. - Marched to Prince George Court-House.

June 30. - Took up position on left of army, relieving the Sixth Corps.

July 2. - Left camp on Jerusalem plank road and marched nine miles, taking up position on Norfolk road.

July 9. - Moved to extreme left of line beyond Jerusalem plank road.

July 12. - Moved near Norfolk road.

July 30. - Took part in the charge on the enemy's works; fought two or three hours; were repulsed and lost heavily.

First Brigade, Fourth Division, commanded by Colonel Joshua K. Sigfried, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

June 13. - Marched to New Kent Court-House; ten miles.

June 14. - Marched to and beyond Slatersville; six miles.

June 15. - Marched to Chickahominy River; four miles

June 16. - Crossed Chickahominy and encamped on James River opposite Wilcox's Landing; nineteen miles.

June 17. - Crossed James River; three miles.

June 18. - The brigade ceased to-day guarding the trains of the army and moved up to the front; marched twenty-two miles.

June 19. - Marched two miles near front and rejoined Ninth Army Corps.

June 20. - Relieved Second Corps in second line of intrenchments.

June 23. - Part of Tenth Corps relieved brigade, and it took up position in rear of Second Division, Ninth Army Corps.

June 26. - Reviewed by General Ferrero.

June 27. - Marched to Prince George Court-House; four miles and a half.

June 30. - Took up position on left of army occupied by Sixth Corps; marched seven miles to-day.

Second Brigade, Fourth Division, commanded by Colonel Henry G. Thomas,

Nineteenth U. S. Colored Troops.

June 13.- Went to New Kent Court-House.

June 14. - Went to Diascond bridge.

June 15. - Started for the Chickahominy; went a short distance and staid all night.

June 16. - Crossed the Chickahominy River and went to within one mile of the James River.

June 17. - Crossed the James River; moved a mile and went into camp.

June 18. - Marched up near Petersburg.

June 19. - Moved a little farther to the left of the line.

June 20. - Went into the works in front; remained until the night of the 23d. - Moved to the rear and left of our old position, where we lay until the 27th.

June 27. - Marched to Prince George Court-House.

June 30. - Moved to near Jerusalem plank road, on the extreme left of our lines.

July 1. - Were near Jerusalem plank road.

