
July 2.-Moved up on the Norfolk pike, where we remained until 11 p.m. of the 9th, when we moved to the left of the Second Corps. Remained until the 12th, when we went back on the Norfolk pike and built a redoubt. Remained in this position until the 22d.

July 22.-Moved up to the old camp-ground near corps headquarters, where we remained until the 27th. We again went to the left near the redoubt. Remained until the night of the 29th, when we moved up to the rear of our corps; went into column and lay there until morning, when we went into the engagement of the 30th and lost very heavily. Came out and went into camp near where we left in the morning and staid until August 1.

CAVALRY CORPS.*

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Alfred T. A. Torbert.

June 7 to 27.-Was engaged in expedition to vicinity of Gordonsville, fighting the enemy at Trevilian Station June 11 and 12, rejoining the army via Spotsylvania Court-House, Bowling Green, Walkerton, King and Queen Court-House, Dunkirk, White House, Jones' Bridge, and Wilcox's Landing; crossed the James River on ferry, and moved to Prince George Court-House to assist General Wilson, encamping at Reams' Station on the night of June 30.

First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Brigadier General George A. Custer.

June 13 to 20.-En route to White House.

June 20 to 25.-En route to James River.

June 26 and 27.-In camp.

June 28.-Crossed the James River at Wind-Mill Point.

June 29.-Moved to Prince George Court-House, Va.

July 1.-On an expedition beyond Prince George Court-House, Va.

July 3.-Went into camp at Light-House Point; in camp until the 23d.

July 24.-Started on an expedition to Deep Bottom, on the James River; no casualties; returned to City Point, Va., and went into camp.

Second Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Thomas C. Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry.

June 13.-Marched by Twyman's Store, Shady Grove Church, Spotsylvania Court-House, Bowling Green, Newtown, Clarksville, and Walkerton to King and Queen Court-House, arriving at that point on the 18th.

June 19.-Marched by Walkerton and Clarksville to Dunkirk; crossed the Mattapony on the 20th, and marched by King William Court-House to Lanesville on the same day.

June 21.-Crossed the Pamunkey at White House and engaged the enemy near Saint Peter's Church.

June 22.-Marched to Jones' Bridge and crossed the Chickahominy.

June 23.-Engaged the enemy on the Long Bridge road.

June 24.-Marched by Charles City to James River.

June 25.-Marched to Wyanoke Landing.

June 27.-Crossed James River to Wind-Mill Point.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General Philip H. Sheridan.

---------------

