
June 28.-Marched to Prince George Court-House.

June 29.-Marched to Jerusalem plank road; thence back to Lee's Mill.

June 30.-Marched to Jerusalem plank road.

[July]-The brigade encamped near Light-House Point until July 14,

when ordered on picket to the left of the army, near Reams' Station, Weldon railroad.

July 27.-Crossed the James River at Jones' Neck.

July 28.-Engaged the enemy [in conjunction with Wilcox's division of infantry*] near New Market; captured 2 battle-flags and 74 prisoners.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General David McM. Gregg.

June 13 to 19.-On march to White House.

June 20.-Crossed the Mattapony and encamped at White House.

June 21.-Crossed the Pamunkey, and skirmished with and drove the enemy's cavalry, who had attacked the train the previous day.

June 22.-Encamped near Tunstall's Station and fought the enemy.

June 23.-Marched to Chickahominy; crossed at Jones' Bridge, and encamped near Saint Mary's Church.

June 24.-Moved to Saint Mary's Church and took position; enemy in front. This division was ordered to hold cross-roads until train had passed Charles City Court-House; position attacked by the enemy, with Fitz. Lee's and Hampton's division of cavalry, and held for some time; finally driven back with heavy loss. Captain W. Phillips, First Maine Cavalry, assistant commissary of musters on my staff, was killed at Saint Mary's Church on the 24th. To say of this officer that he was a true gentleman, an excellent soldier, is but a slight tribute to his memory.

June 25.-Encamped near Wilcox's Landing, on James River.

June 26 to 28.-In camp; First Brigade crossed the river on ferry-boats; Second Brigade crossed and encamped back of Fort Powhatan.

June 29 and 30.-On march to Templeton's, on Jerusalem plank road, about four miles from Reams' Station; portion of command under Colonel Stedman, Sixth Ohio, sent to Freeman's Bridge, over Nottoway River.

July 1.-Marched to Warwick Swamp, on Jerusalem plank road; bivouacked at Templeton's.

July 2.-Marched from Templeton's to Prince George Court-House and encamped.

July 4.-Broke camp at 7 a.m.; marched to within four miles of Jordan's Point.

July 6 to 11.-Picketing about Prince George Court-House and Light-House Point.

July 11.-At 6.30 p.m. broke camp and marched during the night.

July 12.-Reached left of the army about 5 a.m. and moved out on plank road; First Brigade moved out to Reams' Station; Second Brigade moved out on plank road; met the enemy and drove him across Warwick Swamp; command camped on plank road.

July 13.-Marched to Warwick Swamp; took position at Lee's Mill and established picket-line toward Jerusalem plank road.

July 14.-Quiet; in camp; enemy made slight demonstration on Reams' Station road near Proctor's Store.

July 15.-Quiet.

---------------

*So in original, but Devin was engaged with Wilcox's Confederate infantry.

---------------

