
July 16.-Relieved by First Division; marched back to near Jordan's Point and went into camp.

July 17.-Quiet.

July 18 and 19.-Quiet; Captain Treichel's appointment as assistant commissary of musters confirmed by War Department; is ordered to enter upon the duties of the office in place of Captain Phillips, First Maine Cavalry, killed in action; Captain Harper, First New Jersey Cavalry, appointed provost-marshal: Doctor Rezner, acting surgeon-in-chief, relieved by Doctor Marsh, U. S. Army.

July 20.-Quiet.

July 21.-Quiet; camp inspected by corps and division inspectors.

July 22.-Camp inspected by commanding general.

July 23.-Quiet.

July 24 and 25.-Quiet; ordered to supply ourselves with four days' rations and two of forage.

July 26.-At 5 p.m. marched from camp to Appomattox; crossed and proceeded to Jones' Neck, on James River, marching all night.

July 27.-Crossed James River in rear of Second Corps and moved out toward Malvern Hill; bivouacked at Allen's Chapel.

July 28.-Moved out toward Riddell's Shop; the enemy attacked us with large infantry force, driving us back and capturing one gun, but afterward retreated, leaving their dead and wounded in our hands. Our loss in the fight was 108 killed, wounded, and missing. Being relieved by our infantry, returned to Allen's Chapel.

July 29.-Quiet; division in line of battle all day; the First Brigade dismounted and the horses sent across the river; at night began crossing to south side of the river and marched all night.

July 30.-Still marching; crossed Appomattox at 6 a.m.; passed in rear of the Ninth Corps, going toward Lee's Mill; took position; met the rebels, consisting of a portion of Butler's brigade, and after a sharp skirmish drove them away and obtained water for our animals; relieved by First Division at 11 p.m.

July 31.-First Brigade marched to and took position on Norfolk railroad, picketing in front and connecting on right with First Division; Second Brigade took position at Prince George Court-House and established line with First Brigade. The line of this division perfect from railroad to James River; division headquarters near Prince George Court-House.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr.

July 1 to 11.-The brigade was engaged in doing picket duty.

July 11.-Moved toward Reams' Station, where it encountered the enemy on the forenoon of the following day, driving him a considerable distance with but slight loss to the command; withdrew the same night and was again engaged in picket duty.

July 26.-Moved, in conjunction with the rest of the corps, across the Appomattox and James Rivers, encountering the enemy [28th] near to Malvern Hill, where a heavy engagement took place. The enemy, being for the most part infantry, succeeded in driving back our skirmishers and capturing one gun from Dennison's battery, which the command was unable to bring off.

July 30.-The brigade recrossed the rivers mentioned above, and marched to take position on the left of the army, where it is engaged on picket duty at the close of the month.

