
Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

FIRST MAINE CAVALRY.

June 22.-Having crossed the river at White House, skirmished with the enemy the greater part of the day near Black Creek with considerable loss.

June 24.-Engaged at Saint Mary's Church with considerable loss; estimated number of miles traveled, 275.

July 1.-In camp near Lee's Mill.

July 4.-Moved to Light-House Point.

July 10.-Received orders to report to Colonel Bryan, commanding cavalry detachment at army headquarters.

July 11.-Went on picket on the left of infantry.

July 17.-Moved to Light-House Point and went into camp.

July 26.-Broke camp and crossed the Appomattox; next day crossed the James River.

July 28.-Had one squadron engaged with the enemy near Malvern Hill; 4 men wounded.

July 29.-On picket.

July 30.-The enemy drove in our pickets, but not the reserve; 3 men wounded. The same night withdrew to south side of James River.

July 31.-Crossed the Appomattox and marched to Lee's Mill, where the enemy were found in position on the opposite side; were held in reserve as a support for the battery; marched during the month 100 miles.

SECOND PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

June 11.-Advanced to Trevilian Station and fought; 3 men wounded. Remained there until midnight, when we marched, via Po River, Bowling Green, Spotsylvania Court-House, to Mattapony River, near West Point, where we encamped on the night of the 18th.

June 19.-Marched to Dunkirk.

June 20.-Marched to White House and crossed the river; dismounted before daylight of the 21st.

June 22.-Marched to near Jones' Bridge.

June 24.-Moved to Saint Mary's Church and engaged the enemy; 1 officer and 19 men wounded; 2 officers and 27 men missing. Moved at night to Charles City Court-House.

June 25.-Marched to near James River and remained until June 29; crossed river in transports and encamped near Fort Powhattan.

June 30.-Marched, via Prince George Court-House, to near Templeton's, and made scout after Third Division.

July 1.-Reached Prince George Court-House and moved to Templeton's, from which place made scout to near Nottoway River in search of Third Cavalry Division, and returned to Templeton's same day.

July 2.-Marched, via Prince George Court-House, to near City Point and encamped.

July 4.-Moved to near Jordan's Point and camped.

July 5.-On picket near Prince George Court-House.

July 6.-Marched to near Jordan's Point.

July 11.-At dark marched to infantry, on Jerusalem plank road.

July 12.-Moved toward Proctor's farm, via Jerusalem plank road, and met the enemy; 10 men wounded and 3 officers and 28 men captured or wounded and taken prisoners.

