
July 13.-Marched to Lee's Mill and established picket-lines.

July 17.-Went to camp near Jordan's Point.

July 24.-Marched to near junction of Norfolk railroad and road to Lee's Mill and picketed; 2 men wounded on post by guerrillas.

July 25.-Marched to camp near Jordan's Point.

July 26.-Left camp at 6 p.m. and marched, via Point of Rocks, to Jones' Neck.

July 27.-Crossed James River on pontoon bridge and formed on right of Second Corps, near New Market road.

July 28.-Moved to near Malvern Hill and met the enemy's infantry [Longstreet's and Hill's troops] about three miles from James River; 2 men killed we returned to near James River and encamped.

July 29.-Formed in line of battle [dismounted] in front of pontoon bridge and sent horses to the rear. At 5 p.m. mounted regiment and moved to near river-bank and encamped.

July 30.-Recrossed James River at 2 a.m. and marched, via Point of Rocks and Cedar Level, to Lee's Mill, where we met the enemy and drove him a mile or two from Warwick Swamp. At 10 p.m. moved to Prince George Court-House and encamped there about 7 a.m. on the 31s.

July 31.-At 10 a.m. marched on Light-House Point road two miles in direction of that place, and picketed on roads in that vicinity.

FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

June 21.-Reached White House.

June 22.-Skirmished with the enemy at Macon's Mill.

June 23.-Marched to Jones' Bridge.

June 24.-In the battle at Saint Mary's Church, in which Lieutenant Colonel

George H. Covode was mortally wounded; Lieutenant Young missing.

June 30.-At Prince George Court-House.

July 1.-Regiment near Lee's Mill.

July 2.-Moved and encamped two miles from Prince George Court-House.

July 4.-On picket at Prince George Court-House.

July 5.-Relieved and joined brigade near Light-House Point; a scout under Lieutenant Paul sent to ascertain the fate of Colonel Covode.

July 7.-A party under Captain Parke recrossed, bringing the remains of Colonel Covode into our lines.

July 8 to 11.-In camp, when we broke camp, marching all night, passing to the left of our army.

July 12.-Moved on the Jerusalem plank road; the Second and Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry on a reconnaissance; attacked by a brigade just across Warwick Swamp and driven back across the swamp, the Second losing heavily, the Fourth very lightly; on picket on the Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad.

July 13.-Relieved and encamped near Lee's Mill.

July 16.-Reported to Colonel Bryan for picket; relieved and marched all night, going to our old camp near Light-House Point.

July 26.-At 5 p.m. left camp, and marching all night crossed James River on the morning of the 27th.

July 27.-On picket near New Market road; lost 2 men in action.

July 28.-The regiment was not engaged.

July 29.-Lay in dismounted line all day. At 11.30 p.m. moved out, passing over lines to Lee's Mill, where some force was met.

