
July 30.-The regiment lightly engaged, Captain Martin's command reppeling a saber charge; moved at night.

July 31.-Encamped at 4 p.m. near Prince George Court-House.

EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

June 12.-Regiment on picket; 9 p.m., relieved by Tenth New York Cavalry, and taking the advance, moved toward North Anna.

June 14.-Crossed the North Anna; moved to Corbin's Bridge, on Po River; regiment on picket at Todd's Tavern; twenty-four miles.

June 15.-Moved by Spotsylvania Court-House to beyond Weed Tavern and encamped; twenty-miles.

June 16.-Marched through Bowling Green; moved to White House road, near the Mattapony, and encamped; thirty miles.

June 17.-Moved, via Newtown, Chapel Hill, and Edwards' Store, to near Weavertown [Walkerton] and encamped; eighteen miles.

June 18.-Moved by Weavertown [Walkerton] to beyond King and Queen Court-House and encamped; fourteen miles.

June 19.-Regiment detailed to escort prisoners and wagons to West Point; eighteen miles.

June 21.-Crossed Mattapony on transports.

June 22.-Moved from West Point to White House; rejoined brigade and encamped; twenty-one miles.

June 23.-Moved from White House, crossed Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge, to near Charles City Court-House; fifteen miles.

June 24.-Moved out on road to Malvern Hill; met the enemy's pickets at Saint Mary's Church; drove them one mile; Companies D, I, F, and H dismounted. At 3 p.m. the enemy advanced upon our lines with heavy force of cavalry and infantry, driving in our lines; regiment charged on enemy, driving them to woods; regiment was then dismounted and engaged the enemy, but the enemy having received re-enforcements the whole line was compelled to fall back beyond Hopewell Church and encamped near Charles City Court-House.

June 25.-Moved to Douthat's Landing and went into camp; fifteen miles.

June 26 and 27.-In camp.

June 28.-Crossed James River and encamped near Fort Powhatan.

June 29.-Moved at 5 p.m. toward Prince George Court-House, reaching that place at daybreak.

June 30.-Marched to Blackwater and encamped; thirty miles.

July 1.-At Lee's Mill; moved out to Proctor's farm; regiment went out to support Second Pennsylvania on reconnaissance to the Nottoway River; returned to near Proctor's farm and went on picket on the road to Sussex Court-House; twenty miles.

July 2.-Moved back through Prince George Court-House toward Jordan's Point and encamped; eighteen miles.

July 4.-Regiment ordered to report to Colonel T. M. Bryan, commanding cavalry, on Jerusalem plank road, and went into camp at McCann's house; eighteen miles.

July 5 to 9.-Regiment on picket on Lee's Mill, Gurley, and plank roads; regiment was relieved and moved back to camp.

July 10.-Relieved from duty with Provisional Brigade.

July 11.-Moved back to near Light-House Point and went into camp; fifteen miles. At 7 p.m. regiment moved toward front; six miles.

