
July 12.-Moved out on Jerusalem plank road; regiment went on scout to Lee's Mill; returned to plank road at 12 p.m.; thirty-six miles.

July 13.-Moved out to Lee's Mill and encamped; seven miles.

July 14 to 16.-In camp.

July 16.-Moved to near Light-House Point and went into camp; twelve miles.

July 23.-Regiment went on picket to Prince George Court-House; six miles.

July 25.-Regiment relieved and moved into camp; six miles.

July 26.-Broke camp near Light-House Point; moved to Point of Rocks, crossed the Appomattox, and encamped; eight miles.

July 27.-Moved toward James River; crossed, moved on road to Malvern Hill, and encamped on Allen's farm; six miles.

July 28.-Moved toward Malvern Hill; command was engaged with the enemy; regiment made a reconnaissance over the battle-field, and at 3.30 p.m. moved back to Allen's farm and encamped; thirteen miles.

July 29.-Command dismounted; formed line of battle; brigade massed in close column at 4 p.m.; regiment returned at 7 p.m.; moved out one mile and a half; remained in line until 9 p.m.; moved back and encamped; four miles.

July 30.-1 a.m. broke camp on Allen's farm; moved to and crossed James River; moved toward Point of Rocks, crossed the Appomattox at that point, and moved out to Lee's Mill; regiment on picket; twenty-five miles.

July 31.-Command moved back to Prince George Court-House and went into camp; ten miles.

THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

June 24.-Met the enemy at Saint Mary's Church, with loss of 2 killed, 14 wounded, and 28 missing.

June 30.-In camp near Prince George Court-House.

July 1.-Fell back from the Blackwater and encamped near City Point, Va.

July 5.-Moved camp to Light-House Landing.

July 12.-Took up line of march in direction of Petersburg, Weldon and Danville Railroad. At this point the regiment was ordered to protect the right flank of the First Brigade, which was then attacking the enemy. We lay in line from 10 a.m. until 4 p.m. We were then ordered back to the brigade and detailed for picket on the plank road. During the night a squadron under Lieutenant Brown made a scout in the direction of the enemy's lines, driving in their pickets, capturing 2; returned to camp without any loss.

July 16.-Again joined the brigade and fell back to the vicinity of the Blackwater, where we remained until the 17th, when we were relieved by the First Division and ordered to move to our old camp near Light-House Landing. Here we remained until the 20th, when the regiment was detailed on picket in the vicinity of Prince George Court-House.

July 23.-Relieved by the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry and returned to our old camp.

July 25.-Ordered to be ready to march with all available force at a moment's notice in the direction of James River, with a view to crossing, which we did on the same night; crossed the Appomattox at Point of Rocks and the James at Turkey Bend.

