
Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General James H. Wilson.

June 13.-Drove him [enemy] across White Oak Swamp bridge; engaged him there until relieved by a brigade of General Crawford's division; advanced on New Market road, meeting enemy at cross-roads; sharp and obstinate fight during the day, resulting in severe loss to the enemy; withdrew from near White Oak Swamp during the night; marched to Saint Mary's Church and bivouacked.

June 14.-Marched to near Harrison's Landing, where the two brigades were joined; drew rations and then posted one brigade near Phillips', the other at Saint Mary's Church, holding the country across from the James River to the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge.

June 15.-Pushed out strong reconnoitering force from both brigades toward their respective fronts; sharp fight near Smith's Store by Colonel McIntosh's brigade, without results.

June 17.-Crossed the James River near Fort Powhatan; moved beyond Prince George Court-House and bivouacked.

June 18.-Moved to Zion Church, near the Blackwater, and encamped until June 22.

June 21.-General Kautz, with 2,500 men, reported for duty with the division.

June 22.-At 2 a.m. broke camp and moved to Reams' Station, destroying the track there and depot; thence to Dinwiddie Court-House, skirmishing with the enemy in our rear; thence to Ford's Station, on South Side road, and bivouacked for five hours, destroying the track completely all along the march, and burning all railroad buildings, water-tanks, &amp;c., 2 locomotives, and 30 cars.

June 23.-At 2 a.m. marched toward Burkeville Station, General Kautz in the advance. The Third Division encountered General W. H. F. Lee's division of cavalry on the railroad between Blacks and Whites Station and Nottoway Creek; brisk and obstinate fighting from 2 p.m. until dark; punished the enemy severely; withdrew at daylight.

June 24.-Marched by way of Hungarytown to Meherrin Station, where General Kautz's command again joined the division, having completely destroyed all railroad property at Burkeville Station and the track from Burkeville as far as Meherrin, and thence to Keysville; bivouacked at Keysville until daylight.

June 25.-Took up the march toward Roanoke Station, continuing the destruction of the railroad track, saw-mills, depots, &c., as far as the Roanoke or Staunton River; arriving at the bridge at 6 p.m.,we engaged the enemy with General Kautz's command. Simultaneously with our attack upon the bridge a division of cavalry attacked our rear [the same met and defeated by us on the 23rd instant at Nottoway Creek], compelling Colonel Chapman to form line of battle; slight skirmishing ensued, with little consequence.

June 26.-At 12.30 a.m. withdrew from position, moving past the enemy's fortifications eastward to Wylliesburg, where we halted and fed. At 7 a.m. took up the march to Christianville, and thence to within five miles of Saffold's Bridge, where we bivouacked.

June 27.-Crossed the Meherrin early in the morning; marched on road to Smoky Ordinary and bivouacked at night near Great Creek.

June 28.-Took the road to the Nottoway River at the Double Bridges; crossed there at 2 p.m.; halted two hours; marched toward Stony Creek, where we came up with the enemy's [Hampton's and W. H. F. Lee's cavalry] advance. A general engagement followed, in

14 R R-VOL XL, PT I

