
which the enemy at first were driven by our men, who held the ground gained, notwithstanding frequent and spirited assaults by the enemy in largely superior numbers. Toward daybreak on the 29th moved via Stony Creek to Reams' Station; heavy attack on our rear by the enemy in great force, the brigade of Colonel Chapman losing many killed and wounded. At Reams' Station found enemy's infantry and artillery in position; tried to cut though, but failed. Began retrograde movement toward Jarratt's Station at 3 p.m., after destroying and leaving our train. Marched all night; crossed the Double Bridges at 12 m.

June 30.-Struck the Weldon railroad at early dawn; marched eastward on country roads to Peters' Bridge, on the Nottoway River; bridge destroyed; forded the river and halted two hours. At 6 p.m. took the road to Waverly; traveled all night; reached Blunt's Bridge, on the Blackwater, at about midnight.

July 1.-Found the bridge destroyed over the Blackwater; built a bridge; crossed by single file in three hours; marched beyond Cabin Point and went into camp.

July 2.-Joined Cavalry Corps in camp at Light-House Point, picketing alternately with the divisions the Prince George Court-House road and the left of the army.

July 29.-Moved near Jerusalem plank road, picketing the left of the army.

July 30.-Massed the command near Allen's house, preparing to attack the enemy's right; order countermanded; command went into camp near Westbrook.

Reserve Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General Wesley Merritt.

June 7 to 27.-Engaged in expedition to vicinity of Gordonsville, fighting at Trevilian Station on the 11th and 12th, rejoining the army via Spotsylvania Court-House, Bowling Green, Walkerton, King and Queen Court-House, Dunkirk, White House, Jones' Bridge, and Wilcox's Landing; crossed the James River by terry and moved to Prince George Court-House to assist General Wilson, encamping at Reams' Station on the night of the 30th.

ARTILLERY.*

Brigadier-General Hunt was placed in charge of siege operations in front of Petersburg and south of the Appomattox June 27. During the month of July the Fourth Regiment New York Foot Artillery, Lieutenant-Colonel Allcock commanding, was engaged in constructing field-works and in preparing materials for the siege, the regiment having reported to chief of artillery Army of the Potomac July 14. Siege operations against the city [Petersburg] were pushed from south side of Appomattox.

July 30.-Under instructions from the chief of artillery, fire was opened on the enemy's works from all the batteries south and east of Petersburg at about 4.30 a.m., immediately after the explosion of a mine under the advanced salient of his line. The cannonade was renewed during the day as circumstances required.

ENGINEER BRIGADE.+

June 13.-All bridge material-about 3,100 feet-in charge of Captains Lubey, Henderson, and Robbins, sent to Fort Powhattan, on the James River, by order of Lieutenant-General Grant.

---------------

*Commanded by Brigadier General Henry J. Hunt.

+Commanded by Brigadier General Henry W. Benham.

---------------

