
June 14.-The brigadier-general commanding went up to near Fort Powhattan by order, first, of General Butler and afterward by General Meade; completed bridge of some 2,200 feet [104 boats] across the James at Fort Powhatan.

June 15 to 17.-Occupied in crossing the army.

June 18.-At 3 a.m. finished taking up the bridge-rafted and brought it to City Point by order of General Meade; disembarked and went into camp on the banks of the Appomattox.

June 19.-Occupied in overhauling and arranging pontoon rafts.

June 20.-Sent Captain Lubey, with thirty-six boats, to lay a bridge at Jones' Lauding, which was done without difficulty on the 21st.

June 23.-The Fifteenth New York Engineers engaged in building a road from the landing at City Point to the quartermaster's corrals; finished on the 27th.

June 29.-Orders from General Grant to prepare and hold ready a bridge of twenty boats subject to the order of General W. F. Smith.

July 1.-Canvas train of twelve boats, with trucks, &amp;c., arrived from Washington.

July 21.-A detail from the Fifteenth Regiment at work on the defenses at City Point, and continued at work through the month.

July 22.-A train of thirty boats with material sent to Captain Lubey, at Jones' Neck.

July 26.-A bridge of thirty-six boats, under Captain Slosson, laid at Broadway Landing, on the Appomattox.

July 29.-A bridge of thirty-six boats, under Lieutenant O'Keefe, sent to Deep Bottom.

July 30.-Bridge returned, not being required.

ARMY OF THE JAMES.*

TENTH ARMY CORPS.

June 14.-Major-General Gillmore relieved by special orders this date, Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

June 17.-Brigadier General W. T. H. Brooks assigned to command of the corps by special orders this date, Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

June 19.-Corps reorganized by special orders this date, Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

June 20.-Brigadier General R. S. Foster, with Third Brigade of First Division, took permanent position on the left bank of the James at Deep Bottom.

June 23.-The Second Division temporarily assigned to duty with the Eighteenth Corps before Petersburg.

July 15.-Resignation of Brigadier General W. T. H. Brooks accepted, Special Orders, No. 238, Adjutant-General's Office.

July 18.-Brigadier General A. H. Terry temporarily assigned to command of the corps, Special Orders, No. 61, Armies of the United States.

July 21.-Major General D. B. Birney assigned to command of the corps, Special Orders, No. 64, Armies of the United States.

July 30.-The Second Division, Tenth Corps, Brigadier-General Turner commanding, supported the assaulting column of Major-General Burnside upon the enemy's works at Petersburg.

July 31.-The Second Division relieved from duty with the Eighteenth Corps before Petersburg and returned to Bermuda Hundred.

---------------

*And other forces of the Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

---------------

