
First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry.

June 14.-Brigadier General A. H. Terry assigned to temporary command of the Tenth Corps; Brigadier General R. S. Foster assigned to temporary command of the division.

June 16.-Major General W. F. Smith, with Eighteenth Corps, attacked and carried outer line of defenses of Petersburg. General Beauregard's force withdrawn for the defense of that city from the works in front of our lines, which were immediately occupied by the troops of this division and the brigades of Brigadier-Generals Ames and Turner, the whole force being under the immediate command of Brigadier General A. H. Terry. The troops of this division were then pushed out upon the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike, which they held against the advance of Lee's army, marching from the north side of the James River to the relief of Petersburg until near night-fall, when they were withdrawn by order of Major-General Butler. The brigades of Brigadier-Generals Ames and Turner, thus covered by this division, tore up and destroyed over two miles of the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad near Port Walthall Junction. At night our picket-line was stationed in that portion of the rebel works nearest our intrenchments.

June 17.-The enemy advanced heavy columns against the center of our picket-line, which was driven in, thus giving them possession of the works abandoned by Beauregard on the morning of the 16. An attack made upon the right of the picket-line was repulsed with loss. General Lee in person said by prisoners to have directed attack on the center.

June 21.-Brigadier General W. T. H. Brooks having been assigned to command of Tenth Corps, Brigadier General A. H. Terry resumed command of the division, and Brigadier General R. S. Foster assigned to command of Third Brigade, with which he crossed James River at Deep Bottom, and intrenched to cover the pontoon bridge at that point.

Second Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Joseph R. Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Infantry.

June 16.-Participated in the advance on the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad. The aggregate loss in killed, wounded, and missing is 203.

June 17.-The Sixth and Seventh Connecticut Infantry were attacked while endeavoring to hold the original picket-line, and though they inflicted severe loss on the enemy they suffered themselves to the extent of near 70.

[July.]-The brigade has not moved during the month. It has held the extreme right of the Bermuda Hundred line of intrenchments, and has been engaged in performance of picket duty.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General John W. Turner.

This division was organized per general orders, headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, dated June 19, 1864, and was stationed at Point of Rocks, on the Appomattox River, Va.

June 23.-The division reported for temporary duty to Major-General Smith, commanding Eighteenth Army Corps, near Petersburg, Va., and was at once placed in the trenches on the left of the corps, where it has remained up to the present time [June 30].

