
[July.]-This division was temporarily attached to the Eighteenth Army Corps during the month.

July 1 to 29.-On duty in the front, near Petersburg, Va.

July 30.-The division supported the assaulting column of Major General Burnside against the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., in which action it lost 312 killed, wounded, and missing.

July 31.-Returned to camp near Hatcher's, Va., and assigned to duty in the line of intrenchments at Bermuda Hundred.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel N. Martin Curtis, One hundred and forty-second New York Infantry.

This brigade was organized by virtue of general orders, headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, June 21, 1864.

June 23.-Marched from Point of Rocks to the advance line of our forces before Petersburg, Va., where it has since [to June 30] remained.

Second Brigade, Second Division.

June 12.-Received orders to proceed to the White House, where the brigade embarked for Point of Rocks, rejoining Tenth Army Corps.

June 13 to 22.-Holding intrenchments in front of the enemy, on picket, and other similar duties.

June 23.-Marched to front of Petersburg, Va., arriving at daybreak, and immediately went into rifle-pits, and have ever since been engaged in heavy skirmishing and constantly suffering under the fire from the shells of the enemy. In this position this report [dated June 30] leaves the brigade.

[July 1.]- The monthly return for June left this brigade in the intrenchments in front of Petersburg, Va., where it sustained a heavy fire during the entire night.

July 2.-Lieutenant Colonel William B. Coan, Forty-eighth New York Infantry, assumed command of the brigade by order of Brigadier-General Turner.

July 6.-Deserter informed that the enemy intended to charge that night; no assault.

July 7 to 25.-Constant skirmishing along picket-lines, with intervals of heavy shelling,&amp;c., and occasional casualties.

July 26.-Enemy opened a very heavy fire of artillery.

July 29.-Received orders to move at dark, taking position in rear of Ninth Corps, some distance to the left of our former position.

July 30.-The brigade was advanced some 200 yards and close to the enemy's works. Got into position to charge, when the troops on the left gave way and the brigade was compelled to fall back. Then, after holding the intrenchments for over two hours, were relieved by the Third Brigade and ordered back to its old position.

July 31.-Ordered to proceed to City Point; order countermanded, and directed to proceed to intrenchments at Bermuda Hundred, where it now remains.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Orris S. Ferry.

Division organized by general orders from headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, dated June 19, 1864. First Brigade

