
stationed on the James River at Fort Powhatan, Wilson's Wharf, and Bermuda Landing; Second Brigade doing duty on the left of the line of intrenchments in front of Bermuda Hundred.

EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS.*

June 12.-Left Cold Harbor.

June 13.-Embarked at the White House for Bermuda Hundred.

June 15.-Arrived near Petersburg, Va.

First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Aaron F. Stevens, Thirteenth New Hampshire Infantry.

During the month [July] this brigade has been doing duty in the trenches near Petersburg, Va.

July 29.-The command moved at 6 p.m. from the trenches and went to the support of the Ninth Army Corps.

July 31.-Returned to its old position at 12 p.m.

Second Brigade, First Division.

June 12.-Marched from Cold Harbor to White House.

June 13.-Embarked on transports and set sail for Bermuda Hundred.

June 14.-Arrived at Bermuda Hundred; disembarked and marched to the front.

June 15.-Crossed the Appomattox at Point of Rocks; moved up the right bank of that river and participated in the attack on Petersburg. The brigade assaulted and carried Battery No. 5, capturing 1 color, 5 guns, 200 prisoners, many small-arms, and an amount of camp equipage.

June 17.-Marched back to Bermuda Hundred.

June 21.-Returned to Petersburg and remained there to the end of the month, participating in the siege of that city.

The brigade retained its position on the right of the lines before Petersburg until the night of the 29th [July], when the command was relieved by a portion of the Second Corps and moved to the left of the Ninth Corps, relieving a portion of that corps at daylight on the 30th.

July 30.-During the engagement of this day the brigade held a portion of the line immediately on the left of Reservoir Hill. Late in the night were relieved by a portion of the Ninth Corps.

July 31.-At daybreak returned to former position, on the right of the lines.

Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Griffin A. Stedman, jr., Eleventh Connecticut Infantry.

June 12.-Left Cold Harbor and marched to White House.

June 13.-Embarked on transports and arrived at Bermuda Hundred.

June 14.-Since this date have been engaged in the siege of Petersburg, Va.

During the last month [July] the brigade has been lying in the trenches near Petersburg, Va.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General William F. Smith.

---------------

