
July 30.-It participated in the assault upon the enemy's lines by General Burnside, the officers and men showing by their coolness and bravery a zeal for the cause which cannot be surpassed by any other brigade in the service.

Third Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Harrison S. Fairchild, Eighty-ninth New York Infantry.

This brigade during the month [July] performed the duty of guarding the intrenchments and breast-works in front of the enemy, alternating forty-eight hours on duty, forty-eight hours in camp.

July 29.-Under orders, this brigade, with the rest of the Eighteenth Army Corps, marched in the evening to the left of the line to support General Burnside.

July 30.-In the morning the Ninth Army Corps, under Major-General Burnside, made an assault on the enemy's line, the Eighteenth Army Corps, including this brigade, supporting the Ninth Corps. This brigade was not called into action, but was for a short time exposed to the artillery fire of the enemy, in which the casualties were small, as appears in detail on this report. In the evening the brigade returned to camp.

Third Division.

June 15.-Colonel Duncan's brigade and the First [U. S. Colored] Regiment and Fifth Massachusetts Cavalry, of the First Brigade, engaged the enemy before Petersburg with considerable loss.

June 19.-The above troops were withdrawn to Point of Rocks, where the remaining regiments of the division were encamped. The First and Second Regiments Colored Cavalry were ordered to report to me for duty, and the division was reorganized by general orders, headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, June 19, 1864.

June 21.-The division was moved to the front before Petersburg, where it is now doing picket and fatigue duty.

June 28.-The Thirty-seventh [U. S. Colored] Regiment and the Fifth Massachusetts Cavalry were detached from the First Brigade and ordered to report to department headquarters.

[July.]-The division has been on duty in the trenches before Petersburg and on picket on the Appomattox during the month.

July 1.-General Hinks relinquished command of the division, and Colonel Holman, First U. S. Colored Troops, assumed command, which he retained until the 27th, when he obtained a thirty days' leave of absence. Colonel S. A. Duncan, of the Fourth U. S. Colored Troops, assumed command until relieved by Brigadier General Joseph B. Carr, July 29, in compliance with the provisions of paragraph 5, Special Orders, No. 91, current series, from corps headquarters.

July 29.-In the evening the Second Brigade relieved a portion of General Ledlie's division, of the Ninth Corps, and were held in reserve during the engagement of the 30th, returning to their former position on the night of the 31st, having suffered a loss of 1 enlisted man killed and 3 officers and 14 men wounded.

First Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Edward A. Wild.

June 15.-The First U. S. Colored Troops was the only regiment of this brigade which participated in the battle before Petersburg of this date.

