
June 16.-Brigade headquarters were moved from Wilson's Wharf to Point of Rocks.

June 21.-The brigade moved from Point of Rocks to the field near Petersburg, Va., where it has been and is now [June 30] doing picket duty upon the line of Appomattox River.

Second Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel Samuel A. Duncan, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops.

The Second U. S. Colored Cavalry assigned to Second Brigade per General Orders, No. 31, headquarters Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, June 22, 1864.

June 14.-The Second U. S. Colored Cavalry assigned to Second Brigade per General Orders, No. 31, headquarters Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, June 22, 1864.

June 15.-Marched toward Petersburg; found the enemy in rifle-pits at Baylor's farm, four miles from Petersburg. Brigade formed and advanced in line of battle; charged and captured the works with one piece of artillery; moved on toward the city; reached the enemy's main works at Jordan's farm, two miles and a half from the city, at 6 p.m., with Brooks' division on the right; charged and took these works, this brigade capturing Batteries Nos.7,8,9,10, and 11, with 5 pieces of artillery; remained near the front under fire until the 19th.

June 19.-Moved across the Appomattox; encamped near Point of Rocks.

June 22.-Crossed the Appomattox and marched to the front.

[July.]-Brigade remained during the month in front of Petersburg, Va.; did duty in trenches for twenty-six days of the month; was not engaged in any military operations of importance.

CAVALRY DIVISION.*

June 21.-Division left Point of Rocks, and reported same day to General Wilson at Mount Zion Church.

June 22.-Left at daylight for Reams' Station [Petersburg and Weldon Railroad], which station and railroad were destroyed; from thence to Ford's Station, on same railroad, destroying locomotives, station, and road at that place. Left at midnight for junction of Petersburg and Richmond and Danville railroads, which was also destroyed.

June 23.-Left junction at daylight, and during the 24th and 25th destroyed all that portion of the road as far as Roanoke Station.

June 27 to 29.-Occupied in returning to our lines, the last day of which had a severe engagement with the enemy, losing a large number of men.

June 30.-Went into camp on the James River, above Bermunda Hundred.

July 1 to 26.-The division remained in camp near Jones' Landing, on the James River.

July 27.-Under command of Major-General Sheridan crossed the James River to Deep Bottom.

July 28.-Took part in the cavalry engagement near Malvern Hill.

July 30.-Recrossed the James River and returned to camp near Jones' Landing; same day crossed the Appomattox near Point of Rocks and reported to Major-General Sheridan.

July 31.-Stationed at Lee's Mill, doing picket duty.

---------------

*Commanded by Brigadier General August V. Kautz.

---------------

