
First Brigade, commanded by Colonel Robert M. West, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

June 15.-Attacked the enemy's works in front of Petersburg and were repulsed.

June 17.-Returned to camp, having marched sixty miles.

June 21.-Left camp on raiding expedition with Generals Kautz' and Wilson's divisions; destroyed the Petersburg and Lynchburg, Petersburg and Weldon, and Richmond and Danville Railroads.

June 25.-Attacked the enemy at Staunton bridge and were repulsed.

June 29.-Was attacked by an overwhelming force near Reams' Station, in which affair this brigade lost 21 officers and 550 men.

June 30.-Reached camp near Jones' Landing; marched 400 miles.

MEMORANDUM.-At the date of signing the report the aggregate loss has been reduced in this brigade by arrival from the scene of the conflict on the 29th to 7 officers and 231 enlisted men.

Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Samuel P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

June 15.-The brigade again advanced upon Petersburg; engaged the enemy, and returned to camp on the 17th. Loss, 1 officer killed, 1 wounded; 4 enlisted men killed, 3 wounded.

June 21 to 30.-On raid under General Wilson; participated in the destruction of Reams' Station, 20 miles of railroad track on the Weldon and Petersburg road; Ford's, Wilson's, Blacks and Whites, and Nottoway Stations, and railroad track on the Petersburg and Lynchburg Railroad a distance of 30 miles; [Burkeville] Junction, Keysville, Meherrin, Drake's Branch, and Roanoke Stations, saw-mills, shops, turnouts, and over 40 miles of track on the Richmond and Danville road. En route destroyed a large amount of Government stores, 2 locomotives, a number of platform and other cars, and made a most effectual destruction of the railroad. Engaged the enemy at Staunton River railroad bridge, and on returning at Reams' Station, where the brigade suffered very heavily. Loss 19 officers and 670 enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing, 712 horses, and 2 mountain howitzers [12-pounders].

July 1 to 26.-Brigade stationed near Sherman's Landing, on James River.

July 27.-Crossed James River at Strawberry Plains and participated [28th] in cavalry engagement at Deep Bottom under General Sheridan.

July 30.-Recrossed James River and proceeded to camp at Jones' Neck; crossed the Appomattox at Point of Rocks, and arrived at Lee's Mill, seven miles southwest of Petersburg, on the 31st, where the brigade is now doing picket duty.

DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA.*

SUB-DISTRICT OF NEW BERNE.

[June.]-An expedition under the immediate command of Colonel P. J. Claassen, commanding One hundred and thirty-second New York Volunteers and New Berne outposts, and consisting of detachments of One

---------------

*Commanded by Brigadier General Innis N. Palmer.

---------------

