
CITY POINT, VA., June 16, 1864-4 p.m.

(Via Jamestown Island 11.45 p.m. Received 5.30 a.m. 17th.)

The Richmond Whig of yesterday says that General Stahel, with 2,000 cavalry, has passed west through Robertson's Gap, apparently to destroy the Tennessee railroad. The infantry force which had been at Amherst Court-House is said to be moving in the direction of Buffalo Springs. A dispatch from the same paper General Lee reports that Hampton and Fitz. Lee have routed Sheridan at Trevilian Station, capturing 500 prisoners and 6 guns, and Sheridan is said to have left his dead and wounded on the field. The same paper has a dispatch from Atlanta stating that General Polk was killed by a cannon-ball at 11 a.m. Johnston, Hardee, and Jackson were with him when he fell.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

CITY POINT, June 16, 1864-4.15 p.m.

(Via Jamestown Island 11.45 p.m. Received 4.50 a.m. 17th.)

General Butler reports from Bermuda Hundred that the enemy have abandoned the works in the front of that place. His troops, are now engaged in tearing up the railroad between Petersburg and Richmond . Two divisions of the Sixth Corps, now coming up on steamers from Douthat's Landing, will be sent to support Butler.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

CITY POINT, June 17, 1864-9 a.m.

(Via Jamestown Island 8 p.m. Received 1.30 a.m. 18th.)

I find that I was wrong yesterday in regard to the points of the compass. The works taken by Smith on Wednesday evening are on the east and northeast of Petersburg, extending across the line of the City Point railroad. After the Second Corps got up a part of Smith's troops were relieved and the whole of the Second Corps was put in on the east of the city with its line inclining to the southwest. On the left of Hancock came the Ninth Corps; its line, however, did not extend to the Norfolk railroad. General Meade arrived on the ground at about 3 p.m. yesterday and took command. At 5 p.m. Hancock attacked upon his whole front, supported by two brigades of the Eighteenth Corps. Birney made considerable progress, taking some of the advanced works of the enemy and one of the main works of their first line. This morning at 4 o'clock Burnside moved a strong assaulting column from his own right and broke through the rebel lines, capturing 2 redoubts, 4 guns, and 400 prisoners. General Meade reports that there was fighting along the line all night, the moonlight being very clear. He estimates his total losses at less than 2,000 killed and wounded. Colonel Kelly, commanding Irish brigade,and Lieutenant-Colonel McCreary, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania, are reported killed.* Colonel Egan, Fortieth New York; Lieutenant-Colonel McGee, Sixty-ninth New York; Colonel Hapgood, Fifth New Hampshire, wounded. The Fifth Corps reached the field about 11 p.m. yesterday. Two divisions of the Sixth Corps,

---------------

*McCreary was captured, not killed.

---------------

