
under General Wright, have gone to help Butler in front of Bermuda Hundred, where he holds the position abandoned by the enemy yesterday. He reports three miles of the Richmond railroad torn up.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. S. STANTON.

FORT MONROE, VA., June 17, 1864.

(Received 2 a.m. 18th.)

Add the following to Dana's report of 9 a.m. 17th to the Secretary of War:

CIPHER CLERK

General Grant is now there to see if anything can be done toward taking in the rear the rebel force at Petersburg. It does not appear that that force includes any considerable part of Lee's army. Prisoners say that Hoke's command, Bushrod, Johnson's division, and Wise's Legion are there, some say also a part of Longstreet's corps. Admiral Lee reports having seen yesterday afternoon a column of troops, 40,000 to 50,000 in number, from Malvern Hill across Deep Bottom in the direction of Richmond whether to go to the city or to cross the James River at a pontoon bridge they have near Drewry's Bluff it was impossible to judge. This is the only light we have upon the mystery of Lee's where-abouts. The crossing of our trains and troops at Fort Powhatan has gone on prosperously. Wilson's cavalry got over last night, and the last of the wagons, with Wright's remaining division and Ferrero's colored division, will be on this side by noon. The bridge is to be brought up to Bermuda Hundred, and thrown across the James River near Dove's [Jones'] Neck. The heat is very intense.

C. A. DANA.

CITY POINT, June 17, 1864-5.30 p.m.

(Received 8.50 a.m. 18th.)

On the 14th instant General Butler relieved General Gillmore from command of the Tenth Army Corps and ordered him to Fort Monroe to await a court of inquiry concerning his disgraceful failure to capture Petersburg after he had volunteered for the duty. On hearing Gillmore's explanation, Grant has modified the order so that Gillmore is relieved-at his own request and ordered to Washington to report to the Adjutant-General for orders.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

FORT MONROE, VA. June 18, 1864-12.30 a.m.

Add to Dana's report of the 17th, 5.30 p.m, to the Secretary of War the following:

CIPHER CLERK,

General Butler reports at 5.17 p.m. that the enemy have formed in line of battle, driven in his pickets, and occupies the powerful lines in front of Bermuda Hundred which they abandoned to him yesterday;

