
able to force the enemy's line. Martindale also again attempted to advance farther, but failed. Both Birney and Martindale report the enemy before them in very strong force, with heavy reserves masked in the rear, from which General Meade infers that main body of Lee's army has re-enforced Beauregard. General Meade says that these assaults were well made, and that all men could do under the circumstances was done. At 7 p.m. Willcox, of the Ninth Corps and Warren again assaulted, but in vain, and with that the day's operations, closed. Our advance lines are held and intrenched. The result of the three days' operations since Meade took command there is the driving the enemy from two lines of intrenchments, the capture of 4 guns, 4 colors, and about 500 prisoners. I have not been able to witness the fighting of the last two days, having been kept in camp by sickness, but Comstock, of General Grant's staff, tells me that it has not been equal to our previous fighting, owing to our heavy loss in superior officers. The men fight as well, but are not not directed with the same skill and enthusiasm. General Meade gives no statement of casualties, but says they are no heavier than was to be expected from the numbers engaged. General Grant has directed that no more assaults shall be made. He will now maneuver. I presume that Sheridan's report, telegraphed here last night from West Point, was at the same time telegraphed to you. His succession the great purpose of destroying the railroad seems to have been incomplete. Butler, with Grant's assent, has assigned Brooks to command the Tenth Army Corps. Prisoners report that Ewell's corps has gone to Lynchburg.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., June 19, 1864-11 p.m.

(Received 10 a.m. 20th.)

Richmond Examiner of yesterday says General Hunter, Thursday last, was at Forest Depot, on Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, destroying that road. Forest Depot supposed to be where the railroad crosses Forest Creek, some eight or ten miles southwest from Lynchburg, and appears to be on a road from Lexington. General Meade reports his casualties of Thursday, Friday,and Saturday to be about 7,000. Attacks of Thursday were made by General Grant's orders, those of Friday and Saturday were made by General Meade himself.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

CITY POINT, VA., June 20, 1864-5 p.m.

(Received 8 a.m. 21st.)

Meade is ordered to devote himself to swinging his army around upon the south and southwest of Petersburg. He reports that his cavalry is already upon the Jerusalem road, and thinks that by fortifying as he extends to his left he can soon and safely reach the Appomattox on that side. This will give him possession of the railroad from Petersburg to Weldon and that to Lynchburg. He will be supported in this

