
movement by a similar extension to the left on the part of the part of the troops of General Butler. Position of Meade's forces are now as follows: On right, Sixth Corps holds works captured Wednesday by the Eighteenth Corps, which last corps has returned within General Butler's lines. Next to Sixth is the Ninth, forming Meade's present center, and next the Fifth, forming his left. The Second Corps is in reserve in the rear. The movement begins by putting Second Corps upon left of the Fifth, and drawing back Sixth as a reserve, its place in the lines being taken by Eighteenth. These operations, I suppose, will be performed to-night. Next the Ninth Corps will be similarly withdrawn, and its place in the lines taken by all of the Tenth Corps which can be spared from Bermuda Hundred, where the works are so strong as to be safe with a small garrison, say of 5,000 men. As the object is to get possession of the railroad and inclose the enemy fighting will not be sought for, though, of course, it will not be avoided. Once extended to the Appomattox, the railroad will be thoroughly destroyed as far south as may be practicable, then if necessary Army of the Potomac may take ten days' rations and move upon the Danville road, leaving its base of supplies here to be guarded by its fortifications and the forces of General Butler. A bridge is to be thrown across the James River to-night, and a bridge-head on the north shore fortified on Jones' Neck. General Weitzel has charge of the operation. The bridge-head will require a garrison of 200 men. It will allow us to send cavalry over into Charles City County, where the teeming crops already need our attention, and it will also menace Richmond with attack on that side. Sheridan is ordered to come here, crossing the Chickahominy at Long Bridge or Jones' Bridge, and striking the James River either at Wilcox's and be ferried, or at the new bridge above spoken of. Wilson moves on a raid to-morrow night with his division, and half of Kautz's. He has general instructions to do all the harm he can, especially to the railroad. Richmond Examiner of Sunday mentions safe arrival of a train by that road, as if it were something to be thankful for. General Meade notified Warren this morning that he must either ask to be relieved, or else he (Meade) would prefer charges against him. Fort past three days Hancock has been so far disabled by his old wound that Birney has commanded the Second Corps. General Grant has just sent Hancock ten days' leave unasked.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

CITY POINT, VA., June 21, 1864-9 a.m.

(Received 6.30 p.m.)

All quiet at Petersburg during night. The pontoon bridge at Jones' Neck was successfully thrown last night. One of Butler's brigades under Foster passed over, and has constructed a bridge-head at Deep Bottom. Meade did not move the Second Corps last night, it being impracticable to get the Sixth and Eighteenth Corps ready to move Forrest's official report of his fight with Sturgis. Forrest claims that he killed, wounded, and captured more men than he had in his own command.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

