
CITY POINT, VA. June 21, 1864-10 a.m.

(Received 12.45 p.m. 22d.)

General Meade reports that his former report of casualties on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday last was erroneous. Instead of 7,000 it should have been 9.500.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. ARMIES,June 21, 1864. (Received 11 a.m. 22d.)

The Petersburg Express of this morning contains a report that General Hunter attacked Lynchburg on Saturday last and was repulsed. He approached the town by the Salem road. The report gives no account of casualties on either side or other circumstances, and I judge from its statement that the attack was nothing more than a reconnaissance. The Express says that a great battle was expected at Lynchburg on Sunday. All has been quiet at Petersburg during the day, except that the enemy threw a good many shells at the right of our lines this morning, doing no damage. The President arrived here about noon and has just returned from visiting the lines before Petersburg. As he came back, he passed through the division of colored troops commanded by General Hinks, which so greatly distinguished itself on Wednesday last. They were drawn up in double lines on each side of the road and welcomed him with hearty shouts. It was a memorable thing to behold the President, whose fortune it is to represent the principle of emancipation, passing bareheaded through the enthusiastic ranks of those negroes armed to defend the integrity of the American nation.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, VA., June 22, 1864-11.30 a.m.

(Received 6 p.m.)

Insert in Dana's of 21st, sent this morning, between, "doing no damage" and "the President arrived," the following:

CIPHER CLERK.

I was at Petersburg at 6 p.m. One division (Barlow's) of the Second Corps had already taken up its position on the left of the Fifth, and the other two division were moving in the same direction. The Sixth Corps was all ready to withdraw from the lines on our right, and move to the left of the Second, or in case the Second should be attacked in the morning to support it. The Eighteenth Corps was in the rear, waiting to occupy the lines in place of the Sixth. General Foster reports from Deep Bottom that his cavalry scouts had fallen in with a considerable infantry force of the enemy. A woman in the neighborhood had also informed him that a whole division under a General Lee was about to attack him, but as he received this information this morning, and no sound of battle has yet been heard from that direction, it is probable that his anxiety was groundless.

C. A. DANA.

