
took its part promptly, and the colonel of the regiment showed a great deal of promptness in the maneuvering the troops under his command on that occasion. This regiment has also at times acted upon the flanks of the army.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 10. Reports of Major Benjamin F. Fisher, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, October [22], 1864.

GENERAL: *

Upon the 12th of June the army commenced moving in the direction of the James River, and this commences the fifth epoch of the campaign.

Upon the 13th of June the advance reached the vicinity of Wilcox's Landing and signal communication was immediately opened with Fort Powhatan and Wilson's Wharf. The general commanding was then placed in immediate communication with General Butler's command and enabled to call for the necessary means to transport the Army of the Potomac to the south bank of the James.

Upon the 14th of June I established a line of stations toward City Point and on the 15th had communication established from Douthat's Wharf to Point of Rocks, General Butler's headquarters. During the passage of the troops from Wilcox's Wharf to Wind-Mill Point communication was kept open between the opposite sides of the river, enabling corps commanders to issue their instructions conveniently and speedily, thus facilitating and expediting the crossing of that portion of the army.

Upon the 15th of June, by direction of the commanding general, Captain T. R. Clark reported for temporary duty to the naval officer in command of the gun-boat Mackinaw, stationed in the river to cover the crossing of the army and the taking up of the pontoon bridge.

Upon June 16 the advance of the army arrived in front of Petersburg, and upon the 17th stations of observation were established at General Hancock's headquarters near the Prince George road, the headquarters of General Smith near the Friend house, and those of General Warren upon the left near the Avery house. From these stations the position of the enemy and the arrival of additional troops could be seen. As the lines of the army were extended to the westward stations were added in such numbers and positions as to command a view of all that was transpiring along the front.

Upon the 22nd of June we occupied five stations, affording the following advantages: No. 1, at the Walthall house upon the extreme right of our lines, commanding a view of the city of Petersburg, a section of the Weldon railroad near the depot, a broken view of the country

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.282.

---------------

18 R R-VOL XL, PT I

