
extending from Cemetery Hill southwestward to the lead-works, and thence around several miles westward of the city to the lines of the Appomattox; also a view of the left bank of the Appomattox from the hills back of Pocahontas to Fort Clifton, with all the batteries or works between these two points. In addition, the officer upon this station intercepted the daily report of observations made by the enemy's signal officer from the Chesterfield Heights. No. 2, upon the Jordan house, which commanded a point on the street in Petersburg leading to the bridge crossing the Appomattox River from Petersburg to Pocahontas. It likewise had a sweeping view of the left bank of the river, and the officer upon the station was frequently employed by the artillery officers in the vicinity to note the effect to shots fired at the enemy's batteries at Archer's and other points, thus aiding in directing the firing. No. 3 was located upon a hickory tree near the Prince George Court-House road at an elevation of eighty-five feet. This afforded a view of the lines from the Appomattox to the vicinity of the plank road, of Cemetery Hill, the city, the country for several miles west of the city, and a small section of the Richmond pike, about one mile from Pocahontas. No. 4 was established upon the Avery house, giving a close view of the works east of Cemetery Hill, and thence southwestward; also a section of a road northwest of the city running toward Richmond. No. 5, near the Jerusalem plank road (now in Fort Davis), commanding a good view of the enemy's line of works (first and second) from the east side of Cemetery Hill to west of Weldon railroad; also of the roads leading out of the city in the vicinity of the lead-works, such as the Weldon railroad, the Boydton plank road, and the Squirrel Level road.

To give a detailed statement of all the reports made daily would perhaps extend this report to too great a length, and I shall, therefore, confine myself to two of three particular instances in the latter part of June and during July.

Upon the 23rd of June our lines, having been extended west of the Jerusalem plank road, were drawn out toward the Weldon railroad, and the enemy detached a portion of their army to operate against that flank. This movement was made by about 10,000 infantry, and several batteries of artillery were discovered from the plank road station and reported to the general commanding, thus affording him timely information to take the necessary precaution to thwart any design the enemy might have.

Upon the 27th of June the enemy concentrated in the vicinity of Reams' Station a force of cavalry and infantry in order to intercept, as events proved, the returning expedition under the command of General Wilson. The movements of these forces from the vicinity of Petersburg, by the way of the Squirrel Level road, were discovered and reported.

Upon July 1 the main portion of the troops that had been operating against General Wilson were reported returning toward Petersburg.

Upon the 27th of July the information was forwarded to the commanding general of the withdrawal of a portion of the enemy's troops from the vicinity of Petersburg. The knowledge of these movements gave the commanding general positive information of the success of his feint upon the north bank of the James River, and promised success in the assault upon the enemy's lines upon the morning of the 30th of July.

From dawn until dark of each day a careful watch was kept from the several stations, and each new work, every additional change in the enemy's line considered of any importance, and all movements of troops

