
were immediately reported. These references to the few of the many daily reports made will enable an estimate to be formed of the character and value of the services rendered by the corps in addition to its ready means of opening communication between distant and sometimes almost inaccessible places. During the campaign we occupied over seventy stations of observation and established eleven lines of signal communication.

It is duty as well as pleasure to bear full testimony to the energy and zeal displayed by Captain P. A. Taylor, serving with General Hancock; Captain D. E. Castle, acting signal officer, serving with General Warren; Captain J. C. Paine, serving with General Burnside, and Captain C. L. Davis, in command of the reserve detachment. Through the efforts of the latter officer few means were untried by which service might be rendered.

In addition I would mention the names of Lieuts. G. J. Clarke, William H. R. Neel, and J. B. Duff, for their energy, faithfulness, and gallantry.

Among the non-commissioned officers who have shown themselves especially attentive, faithful, and intelligent in performing their duties I would record Sergts. H. W. Fulton and Van Buren Sleeper.

While thus specially pointing to individuals, I must attest the energy and zeal of the officers and men of the corps generally. All requirements usually met with a ready and willing response. If, owing to the character of the country and the natural difficulties to be overcome, we as a corps have not accomplished what we desired, permit me to record that we tried to do our duty.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, October 25, 1864.

SIR: Your communication of the 20th of September, 1864, withdrawing the release granted in October, 1863, relieving this office from the duty of making certain monthly reports called for by a circular issued from the office of the Signal Bureau, dated August 24, 1863, has been received. In compliance with said communication I have the honor to submit the following combined monthly reports of operations for the months of July, August, and September, 1864:

At the opening of the month of July the Army of the Potomac was lying in front of Petersburg, Va., being actively engaged in regular siege operations. At this time the officers and men of my detachment were stationed at such points along our lines as would enable them to observe carefully the movements and operations of the enemy. The more important of these stations were located as follows: No. 1, at the Walthall house, upon the extreme right of our lines, commanding a view of the city of Petersburg, a section of the Weldon railroad near the depot, a broken view of the country extending from Cemetery Hill southwestward to the lead-works, and thence around several miles westward of the city to the line of the Appomattox, also a view of the left bank of the Appomattox from the hills back of Pocahontas to Fort

