
Clifton, with all the batteries or works between these two points. In addition, the officers upon this station intercepted the daily reports of observations made by the enemy's signal officers from the Chesterfield Heights. No. 2, upon the Jordan house, which commanded a point on the street in Petersburg leading to the bridge crossing the Appomattox River from Petersburg to Pocahontas. It likewise had a sweeping view of the left bank of river, and the officer upon the station was frequently employed by the artillery officers in that vicinity to note the effects of shots fired at the enemy's batteries at Archer's and other points, thus aiding in directing the firing. No. 3 was located upon a hickory tree, at an elevation of eighty-five feet, near the Prince George Court-House road. This afforded a view of the lines from the Appomattox to the vicinity of the plank road, of Cemetery Hill, the city, the country for several miles west of the city, and a small section of the Richmond pike about one mile from Pocahontas. No. 4 was established upon the Avery house, giving a close view of the works east of Cemetery Hill, and thence southward; also a section of a road northwest of the city running toward Richmond. No. 5, near the Jerusalem plank road (now in Fort Davis), commanding a good view of the enemy's lines of works (first and second) from the east side of Cemetery Hill to the west of the Weldon railroad; also of the roads leading out of the city in the vicinity of the lead-works, such as the Weldon railroad the Boydton plank road, and the Squirrel Level road. These comprise, as before stated, the most important stations in operation at the commencement of the month of July, 1864. Many others were established at different times, but only occupied temporarily as occasion required. These stations were almost exclusively stations of observation, no communication by flags being necessary on account of the facilities afforded to transmit all messages by the military telegraph. The majority of them were also located in such close proximity to the enemy's lines as to be under the command of their sharpshooters if discovered, rendering it necessary to prevent their existence being made known. In addition to these stations under the charge of the reserve party, and reporting directly through the chief signal officer to the commanding general of the army, two officers were assigned to each corps headquarters, who rendered such immediate signal service as they were able to the serial corps commanders.

It is to be understood in the following report that all movements or changes mentioned or stated to have been discovered were reported to the commanding general. In order to connect the operations and reports made up on July 1 with those preceding, I will refer briefly to the movements discovered upon June 27, upon which date the enemy concentrated in the vicinity of Reams' Station a force of cavalry and infantry in order to intercept, as events proved, the returning expedition under the command of General Wilson. The movement of these forces from the vicinity of Petersburg, by way of the Squirrel Level road, were seen from one of our stations and reported accordingly.

Upon July 1 the main portion of the troops that had been operating against General Wilson were discovered returning toward Petersburg, which at once put an end to the apprehension arising from the presence of such a large force upon the flank and rear of our army.

Upon July 2 a heavy train of wagons passed into Petersburg, via Boydton plank road. A new camp discovered south of the lead-works.

July 3. Several minor movements of trains and troops west of the Weldon railroad. Indications of a move late in the evening, but nothing positive discovered.

