
July 4. Six regiments of infantry and several pieces of artillery passed from Petersburg toward Richmond to-day.

July 5 and 6. Enemy throwing up a second line and working with large details upon main line.

July 7. A train of eighty-one wagons passed southward upon road west of Weldon railroad. The enemy working upon new line between the Jerusalem plank road and the load-works.

July 8. A new redoubt reported being constructed in rear of Gregory's house. A small body of infantry and cavalry, with a battery of five pieces of artillery, passed southward west of the Weldon railroad. Construction trains on Weldon railroad.

July 9 and 10. Working parties were seen at various parts of their line. Trains upon the Weldon railroad, and a battery of artillery moved southward on the Halifax road.

From July 11th to the 28th various minor movements of the enemy's troops were discovered, and detailed reports of the enemy's working parties with the changes in their lines made.

July 27, the disappearance of camps and the movements of troops from the vicinity of Petersburg toward Richmond reported. These movements were made in connection with General Grant's feint upon the north bank of the James and assured its success.

July 30, the Burnside mine was exploded and an assault made upon the enemy's works. Signal officers occupied all possible points along the lines and reported each charge.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

Lieutenant Colonel W. J. L. NICODEMUS,

Commanding Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

No. 11. Report of Brigadier General Henry J. Hunt, U. S. Army, Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac, including operations June 16-October 31.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 31, 1864.

GENERAL: +

June 16, these headquarters crossed the James and arrived in front of Petersburg.

June 17, soon after General Burnside had driven the enemy from his line north of the Avery house, I examined the position and placed batteries to hold them, and to prepare the farther advance of the Ninth Corps; I also gave the necessary instructions to close the gorges of the captured redoubts and place them in condition to be used against the enemy.

June 18, I proceeded by direction of Major-General Meade to the extreme right, where it was reported the enemy's batteries across the Appomattox were delaying General Martindale's movements, and placed

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XLII, Part I.

+For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.284. So much of this report as relates to the operations on July 30 was also embodied in a report, dated August 13, 1864, and which, to avoid repetition, is omitted.

---------------

