
At times, however, by order of corps commanders, they have opened fire on the town of Petersburg. A number of the works having been inclosed and garrisons with artillery ordered to be left in them in case the army should move, the magazines in the forts designated were supplied with ammunition so that each gun should have 150 rounds, including that in the limbers, which in most cases were left in the forts. The ammunition for this purpose was taken from the wagons of the brigade ammunition train, and from those of the artillery park, the wagons being left empty so as to withdraw the ammunition at the shortest notice. The caissons of the batteries in the works were thus rendered disposable to take the place of these empty wagons in the brigade, and so complete the supply of ammunition for the batteries that should move. When the army was moved on 26th of October these works had their armaments left in them, so that the amount of artillery which accompanied the army was hut small.

For the services of the field artillery in the affairs on the Weldon railroad, 19th-22nd August, at Reams' Station on August 25, on Hatcher's Run October 26-28, and in the various operations of the cavalry, I respectfully refer you to the reports of the commanders of the troops to which the batteries were attached.

For want of complete returns I am unable to state the losses of the artillery in killed and wounded. The captures and losses of guns reported are as follows: Captured, 32 guns; lost, 25 guns; showing an excess of 7 guns captured over the number lost from May 4 to October 31, 1864.

Number

of guns.

Date.	 Corps.	 Capt	 Lost	 Where.	 Remarks.

 	 ured	 .

May 5	 Fifth	 --	 2	 Wilderness	 Winslow's

 	 	 	 	 battery (D),

 	 	 	 	 1st New York,

 	 	 	 	 Napoleons.

May 10	 Second	 --	 1	 South of Po	 Brown's Battery

 	 	 	 River	 (B), 1st Rhode

 	 	 	 	 Island,

 	 	 	 	 Napoleon.

May 11	 Cavalry	 2	 --	 Yellow Tavern

May 12	 Second	 20 	 --	 Spotsylvania

 	 	 	 Court-House

June 17	 Ninth	 4	 --	 Petersburg

June 22	 Second	 --	 4	 ... do ...	 McKnight's,

 	 	 	 	 12th New York

 	 	 	 	 Battery, four

 	 	 	 	 3-inch rifles.

June 29	 Cavalry	 --	 8	 Reams' Station	 Maynadier's

 	 	 	 	 (K), 1st United

 	 	 	 	 States, four

 	 	 	 	 guns.

 	 	 	 	 Fitzhugh's (C

 	 	 	 	 and E), 4th

 	 	 	 	 United States,

 	 	 	 	 four guns. Four

 	 	 	 	 Napoleons, four

 	 	 	 	 3-inch.

July 28	 Second	 4	 --	 Jones' Neck

July 28	 Cavalry	 --	 1 	 Deep Bottom	 Dennison's (A),

 	 	 	 	 Second

 	 	 	 	 Artillery, one

 	 	 	 	 3-inch.

August	 Second	 1	 --	 ..............

15a

August	 Second	 --	 9	 Reams' Station	 Sleeper's, 10th

25	 	 	 	 	 Massachusetts,

 	 	 	 	 four guns.

 	 	 	 	 McKnight's,

 	 	 	 	 12th New York,

 	 	 	 	 one gun.

 	 	 	 	 Brown's (A and

 	 	 	 	 B0, 1st Rhode

 	 	 	 	 Island, four

 	 	 	 	 guns.

Sept'b'	 Fifth	 1	 --	 Poplar Grove

r 30	 	 	 	 Church

Total	 ---	 32	 25

a August 15, one 8-inch howitzer captured by Second Corps at Deep Bottom, reported since this report was made out.

I have respectfully to call attention to services in this campaign of the commanding officer of the Artillery Reserve, Colonel H. S. Burton, Fifth U. S. Artillery; of Colonel J. C. Tidball, Fourth New York Foot Artillery and captain Second U. S. Artillery; Colonel C. S. Wainwright, First New York Light Artillery; Colonel C. H. Tompkins, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, chiefs of artillery of the Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps,

