
respectively; of Colonel H. L. Abbot, First Connecticut Foot Artillery and captain U. S. Engineers, commanding siege train; of Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Monroe and Major J. G. Hazard and Major J. A. Tomkins, First Rhode Island Light Artillery; Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Warner and Major R. H. Fitzhugh, First New York Light Artillery. These officers have always and everywhere discharged the duties devolving upon them with skill, gallantry, and zeal, and the most of them have served long and faithfully with this army, have often been recommended for reward, and have established their claims to the higher rank, the duties of which they have been performing. Colonel Tidball (distinguished for his gallantry and former services in the Horse Artillery), Colonels Tompkins, Wainwright, and Major Hazard have long commanded, and in our principal battles have fought artillery brigades with gallantry and skill. The organization, management, and service of the siege train entitle its commander, Colonel Abbot, to whom its efficiency is due, to promotion. Lieutenant-Colonel Warner has served as my assistant in the organization of the Artillery Reserve and of the battle, and as inspector of artillery for this army has proved a valuable and efficient officer. The services of the other officers named have been varied and important. Colonel Wainwright and Major Hazard have been recently brevetted, and I respectfully recommend that the same honor be conferred upon the others. This acknowledgment of its services is due as much to the artillery as to the officers who commanded it.

My staff, Captain J. N. Craig, assistant adjutant-general; Lieuts. W. S. Worth, Eighth [U. S.] Infantry, C. T. Bissell, First Michigan Cavalry, and Carl L. Berlin, Eighth New York Cavalry, aides-de-camp, have performed their duties with efficiency and gallantry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

APPENDIX.

A.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 16, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have respectfully to submit the following proposition for the organization of a siege train, should one be required for service with this army near Richmond:

The train should be prepared in Washington, and as a minimum composed of forty 4 1/2-inch siege guns; six spare carriages; ten 10-inch mortars, two spare carriages; twenty 8-inch mortars, four spare carriages; twenty Coehorn mortars, with the proper implements and equipments, tool-wagons, sling carts, battery wagon and forges, mortar wagons, &amp;c., the eight 4 1/2-inch siege guns of Abbot's regiment (First Connecticut Heavy Artillery), lately sent to Washington, to constitute a part of the train. If the material can be brought by water or rail to within a reasonable disenable distance of the point at which the train is to be used, the horse teams of the two siege batteries and those of the Artillery Reserve would be available for transporting the guns, and such additional mule teams as are required to bring them up can, it is supposed, be furnished from the

