
Sixth. To destroy or to occupy the salient regular approaches are the proper means. The ground in front is favorable as a whole, and in our report of the 6th instant this plan was proposed. The recent reduction of the force of the army will not, it is understood, permit the occupation of any ground in front of the south line of the enemy's defenses, and we are therefore limited to such operations as we can effect on a line parallel to that of the enemy facing east.

Seventh. To effect this, the lines now occupied by the Fifth Corps should be advanced as far as practicable, if possible to the edge of the ravine before mentioned, and as much artillery as can be safely and advantageously used placed in battery. Artillery should also be placed in position in Burnside's front, not only for its direct fire, but to bear upon the salient and batteries in front of the Fifth and Eighteenth Corps.

Eighth. The enemy's fire being silenced approaches should be made if practicable across the ravine and possession so gained of the angle, and the way cleared at the same time for the assault of the Ninth Corps. The mine should not be sprung until all the preparations for an assault are made.

Ninth. The crest above the enemy's present line may be crowned with batteries by him. Its possession gives the defense great advantages over the attack. If the assault is successful an immediate and vigorous attempt should be made to get possession of the crest. Should it fail, the assaulting troops should make good a lodgment as far in advance as practicable, and operations be continued from the salient to get possession of the crest behind it. To do this it will probably be necessary to occupy more ground to our left.

Tenth. Should these operations offer to the enemy in front of the Eighteenth Corps means of annoyance, which are not at present very apparent, the necessary measures must be taken to overcome them as they develop themselves.

Eleventh. The advantages of position on the part of the enemy, with the restricted number which will prevent our making use of the ground which would envelop him, will make success of our operations difficult and probably costly both in time and men.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

J. C. DUANE,

Major and Chief Engineer.

G.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 11, 1864.

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT,Chief of Artillery:

Major J. C. DUANE,

Acting Chief of Engineers:

SIR: Your report of the 10th instant, submitting a plan for operations against the enemy's works in front of the line occupied by this army, has been laid before the commanding general, and by him indorsed as follows:

The above project, being in conformity with my views, is approved and adopted. The operations against the salient on the plank road and the battery in front of the Ninth Corps will be at once commenced.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

