
Chickahominy at such point as might be designated for the crossing of the supply trains. The point then contemplated for this crossing was Windsor Shades. Subsequent examination by myself proved that a crossing at this point was not practicable in the face of an enemy, and exceedingly difficult if unopposed. The ground upon the northeast bank was favorable, but the deep marshes and swamps on the southwest side of the river were extensive, and could only be crossed by crib bridges and corduroy roads, requiring a vast amount of labor.

June 13, Major Brainerd marched with his command at 1 a.m. in rear of the artillery of the Second Corps. About noon he advanced to the front of the column to repair the roads, crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge, and, accompanying the Second Corps, arrived at Wilcox's Landing, on the James River, at 8.30 p.m. Major Beers, with his command and trains, remained at Emmaus Church until noon awaiting the arrival of the Sixth Corps. The head of the column having then arrived within supporting distance, the trains were moved to Jones' Bridge, on the Chickahominy. Here it was found that there were also two branches of the stream to be bridged, the island being about 800 feet wide. Lieutenant Folwell immediately built a canvas pontoon bridge over each branch of the river, and Captain Palmer also bridged both branches with wooden pontoons. The bridges over the north branch were each sixty feet in length, and those over the south branch forty feet in length each. Considerable difficulty was encountered here in removing flood wood and timber of the old permanent bridge, but the four bridges were completed in about one hour and a quarter, and the Sixth Corps commenced crossing. Major Ford's bridges were detained in the water at Long Bridge crossing until 5.30 p.m. for the rear guard of cavalry to cross, when they were dismantled and loaded in forty-five minutes. He then marched with his command and trains with General Cutler's division, of the Fifth Corps, arriving at Charles City Court-House soon after midnight. Captain Personius moved his command and trains to Diascond bridge and proceeded in person to examine the Chickahominy at Cole's Ferry, the point finally selected for the crossing of the supply trains. He found the river at that point much wider than it had been supposed to be, and reported to Captain Peirce, assistant chief quartermaster, Army of the Potomac, in charge of the trains, that he had not sufficient pontoon material to bridge the river. During the afternoon his company (G) built two permanent bridges over the Diascond Creek at points where they had been destroyed.

June 14, Major Brainerd moved his command at 9 a.m. to Second Corps headquarters, and soon after was ordered to the James River, where the two companies were employed all day in repairing the wharves for the use of the Second Corps, then crossing in transports. At 11 p.m. Major Brainerd was ordered across the river to construct an additional wharf for the use of the corps, and a detail of 800 men was furnished by General Birney, but the timely arrival of six pontoon boats and bridge material from General Behman's command, with a detachment of the Fifteenth New York Volunteer Engineers, rendered the services of the infantry unnecessary. Major Beers built a permanent bridge over each branch of the Chickahominy at Jones', near his pontoon bridges. About 10 a.m. the troops of the Sixth Corps and Ninth Corps had crossed the river, and I had just given the orders to dismantle the bridges and proceed to Charles City Court-House, when I received your note inclosing Captain Personius's letter to Captain Peirce, directing me to proceed on the north side of the river to Cole's

