
morning of this day Major Brainerd had his wharf completed on the south side of the James River at Wilcox's Landing and transports commenced landing troops, ambulances, &amp;c., of the Second Corps. During the day Major Brainerd was occupied in getting the wagons of his battalion across the river and at night bivouacked on the south side of the James.

June 16, Major Brainerd marched his command toward Petersburg. At 1 p.m. he received orders to join Second Corps headquarters as soon as possible. At 5 p.m., after a forced march, he reported to General Hancock while the assault was in progress on the enemy's works in front of Petersburg. That night he bivouacked with his command near the Dunn house. Captain Dexter started from Cole's Ferry at 3 a.m. with all the land transportation, arrived at the James River about noon, and at 5 p.m. all the wagons had crossed the river and were parked along the south bank below General Benham's pontoon bridge, ready for loading as soon as the rafts should arrive. After the rear guard, with the supply trains, had crossed the river at Cole's Ferry, Major Beers had the bridge dismantled, made up into rafts, and at 6.30 p.m. started down the Chickahominy in tow of the James A. Stevens. After running down about three miles the captain of the steamer deemed it unsafe to run farther during the night, not having a pilot accountant with the river, and therefore anchored for the night.

June 17, at 6.30 a.m., the fog having cleared away, the pontoon rafts in charge of Major Beers were towed down the Chickahominy and up the James to Fort Powhatan, arriving at the latter place at 4 p.m. The troops were immediately disembarked, the rafts dismantled, boats and materials loaded on the wagons parked on the top of the hill, and about 9 p.m., all the material having been loaded, the troops and trains were moved about four miles toward City Point and bivouacked for the night. Major Ford had for some weeks been to ill to walk or sit on his horse and had received a leave of absence for twenty days, when at Long Bridge, on the Chickahominy, but he did not feel disposed to leave his command until it arrived at the James River, when he turned over the command of his battalion to Captain McDonald and left for the North.

June 18, I divided the extra train of twenty boats among the First, Second, and Third Battalions, making the whole number of boats in each as follows: First battalion, fifteen boats; second battalion, fifteen boats; third battalion, fourteen boats. During the day the troops and trains moved to a point near Old Church, about two miles from City Point, where all the trains were parked and a camp established.

From the 19th of June until the 29th of July most of the pontoon trains were in camp near City Point, and all the available officers and men of this command not required for repairing and guarding the trains were occupied in front of Petersburg, making gabions and fascines, working upon forts, covered ways, roads, and bridges, about 1,200 fascines and 10,000 gabions have during that time been made by the men of this command.

On the 22nd of June Major Brainerd moved his battalion into the rifle-pits in front of the Jones house and continued with his command to act as infantry with the Second Corps until the 30th of June.

About the 10th of July I sent Captain Folwell, with his company and a canvas train of eighteen boats, to report to General Sheridan, near Light-House Point, and additional boats were ordered down from Washington to replace those sent to the Cavalry Corps. Captain Folwell

