
miles, working each way from the junction at Burke's. The expedition averaged forty miles a day, doing the work of destruction mostly by night. They found no great stock of supplies in the country. Their horses fed chiefly on green oats and wheat. About 3,000 negroes, who had joined the column in Dinwiddie and Amelia, were with it when it was attacked. Kautz estimates the losses of his own command at about one-quarter of his division, which at starting was about 2,500 strong, but had not yet received any accurate reports from his officers.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Washington.

CITY POINT, July 1, 1864-4.30 p.m.

(Received 7.30 a.m. 2nd.)

I find that-in my last dispatch I misunderstood Kautz' statement of the amount of railroad destructing accomplished by Wilson's expedition. It seems before reaching Burke's Station he had first destroyed about one mile and a half of the Weldon road, then he struck the South Side road, near Ford's Station, and destroyed it is far as Black and Whites Station, after which he moved to the Junction and did what was reported in my former dispatch.

C. A DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 1, 1864-5.30 p.m (Received 8.10 a.m. 2nd.)

One of General Meade's scouts is just in, who left Wilson's command this morning at 7 o'clock on the road from Suffolk to Prince George Court-House, Wilson having yesterday succeeded in crossing the Blackwater. The scout thinks he has most of his men with him, although he was obliged to abandon all property, and many of his men are dismounted. He will be in by night.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, July 1, 1864-7.30 p.m.

(Received 9.20 a.m. 2nd.)

Two of Wilson's officers have just come in to report. He reached the James River about six miles above Powhatan at 5 o'clock. Men and horses are badly jaded, but the losses seem to be much less than we had supposed. He has with him also two of Kautz's regiments, which that officer considered lost. From present appearances the total casualties of the expedition will not exceed 750, including killed, wounded, and missing. Of the property nothing fell into the hands of the enemy expect part of the artillery and the ambulances, which were full of men, wounded in the previous fighting. The wagons were all destroyed. When the column was attacked it had picked up in the country about 5,000 horses, but most of these were unable to stand the hard march by night and day and were lost before the escape

