
to Kershaw's division of infantry. Gregg's division of cavalry effected its withdrawal from the Charles City road after a sharp fight with the enemy's infantry, losing one gun. anticipating a more determined attack, I changed the disposition of my lines. Gibbon's division held the approaches to the New Market and Long Bridge road, while the cavalry was withdrawn to cover the New Market and Malvern Hill road. The enemy having been reported as passing toward Malvern Hill, a garrison was placed in the bridge-head at the lower bridge by General Foster, and artillery placed in position under my direction to prevent the enemy from cutting me off from the river. As soon as this was accomplished the infantry was withdrawn to a line following the general direction of the New Market and Malvern Hill road. Repeated dispatches showing that the enemy were concentrating against me were furnished me, and I made every preparation to receive them. They made no further demonstration during the day, however, other than to crowd the cavalry skirmishers a little. On the afternoon of the 28th Generals Grant and Meade visited my line, and I was instructed to send General Mott's division that night to Petersburg to report to Major-General Ord, for the purpose of relieving the Eighteenth Corps from the line of entrenchments. I continued holding the line during the 29th with the remaining divisions of my corps, Birge's brigade, of the Tenth [Nineteenth] Corps, and Sheridan's cavalry. Having attracted to my front so large a portion of Lee's army, Lieutenant-General Grant thought it a favorable time to assault of Petersburg, and I was therefore instructed to proceed to that place with remainder of my command.

Soon after dark on the 29th, in accordance with instructions, I with drew the entire command from Deep Bottom and reported with the two division of my corps at Petersburg on the morning of the 30th in time to witness the explosion of the mine. General Birge was directed to report to his proper command, and General Sheridan crossed the appomattox at Broadway Landing and proceeded to carry out the special instructions given him by the major-general commanding.

Having received no reports from Generals Sheridan and Birge I am not able to give more than a general statement of their operations.

General Sheridan's command deserves particular commendation for its successful affair the enemy's infantry on the 28th.

In my own command special mention is made subordinate commanders of the Ninety-ninth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Colonel Biles, for good conduct in the skirmish on the 27th, in which they suffered severely. Also of the Twenty-eight Massachusetts, Twenty-sixth Michigan, and One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, under command of Colonel Lynch, of the One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers. The lastnamed regiments captured the enemy's battery of four 20-pounder Parrotts as heretofore mentioned.

I append herewith a statement of casualties in my own corps during the foregoing operations. I regret that the absence of reports from Generals Sheridan and Birge makes it impossible for me to include a statement of the casualties in their respective commands.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

