
List of casualties in Second Army Corps on north side of James River July 26, 27, and 28,

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Offic	 Men	 Offic	 Men	 Office	 Men	 Aggre

 ers	 	 ers	 	 rs	 	 gate

First	 1	 15	 1	 43	 1	 18	 79

Division

Second	 .....	 ....	 ....	 17	 1	 27	 45

Division

Third	 .....	 10	 6 	 39	 2	 8	 65

Division

Artillery	 ....	 .....	 .....	 3	 ......	 ......	 3

Brigade

Total	 1	 25	 7	 102	 4	 53	 192
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 3, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the operations of this corps on the 30th ultimo:

On the evening of the 29th an order was received directing the corps to recross the James and take up a position in rear of the entrenched line of the Eighteenth Corps in readiness to move as might be directed. General Mott's division had moved the night before to the vicinity of Petersburg, for the purpose of relieving the Eighteenth Corps. This corps was then in line of battle on the north side of the James, along the New Market and Malvern Hill road, its left near Bailey's Creek, connecting on the right with the cavalry under General Sheridan, which extended to Malvern Hill. The necessary orders were given for the withdrawal of both commands. It was hoped that two bridges might be available for the command, but this not being the case the command crossed on one bridge, the infantry commencing at 8.30 p. m. and occupying the bridge till nearly 11, two brigades of cavalry crossing meanwhile. The head of column reached the Appomattox a few minutes before 1 on the morning of the 30th, and by daylight the rear of column had passed Spring Hill. The leading division (General Gibbon's) commenced moving in rear of the Eighteenth Corps line, then held by General Mott's division of this corps, about 3.45 a. m. On arriving at General Mott's headquarters I was informed by General Mott that General Ord had desired him to report to me in his name that himself and division commanders had concluded that it was not practicable to attack in front of the Eighteenth Corps, owing to the nature of the obstructions the enemy had placed in front of their works, and that he had so reported to the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac. About 6 a. m. I received the following dispatch by telegraph from Burnside's:

JULY 30, 1864-6 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that General Burnside reports the enemy's line in his front a abandoned, and the prisoners taken say that there is no second line. The commanding general may call on you to move forward any moment, and wishes you to have your troops well up to the front, prepared to move. Do the enemy's lines in front of Mott's division appear to be thinly occupied, and is there any chance to push forward there?

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

A demonstration was made along the whole line occupied by General Mott and it was found the enemy had not apparently weakened this

