
line. Colonel Madill, commanding the center brigade, reported that not a man had moved to our left since daylight. The picket-firing was at all times very sharp at this point, and it was doubtless to examine the enemy's line closely. At 7 a. m. I received the following dispatch by telegraph from Burnside's headquarters:

JULY 30, 1864-7 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

The reports from prisoners would indicate a weakness in the enemy's line, and that a considerable portion of it has been vacated. If Burnside and Ord gain the crest the enemy cannot hold in your front, for they will be open to attack from front and rear. It was to take advantage of this contingency that I wanted to have your troops in hand. The orders to Mott all right. If the enemy are in force and prepared you will have to wait developments, but if you have reason to believe their condition is such that an effort to dislodge them would be successful I would like to have it made. Burnside now occupies their line, but has not pushed up to crest, though he reports he is about doing so.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

I had a careful watch on the whole line that I might take advantage of any attempt of the enemy to re-enforce from my part, but no change was apparent and every demonstration from my line was met with such vigor and show of strength that I saw no opportunity of an advance promising success. At 9.40 a. m. I received a dispatch stating that offensive operations were suspended and requiring me to hold the line of the Eighteenth Corps in force. Preparations were made for placing the whole corps in the line at dusk, but the above order being changed, the corps resumed during the night its position in the vicinity of the Deserted House, General Mott being relieved by the Eighteenth Corps.

The casualties on the 30th were:

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officer	 Men	 Officers	 Men	 Aggrega

 	 	 	 	 te

Second Division	 .......	 ......	 ........	 1	 1

Third Division	 .......	 2	 1	 24	 27

Total	 .......	 2	 1	 25	 28

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., June 26, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Having seen one of the late published telegrams of the Secretary of War in reference to the advance of the army on Petersburg, which stated that the Second Corps arrived in front of that town at 3 a. m. on the 16th, I felt aggrieved from its official nature, because such statement did not agree with facts in the case, and I knew that it must have been derived from official sources of information. The inference was, that the reason why Petersburg was not taken on

