
musket to one side and gave him a slash over the head with my saber, opening his head and knocking him clear down a flight of stairs, musket and all, and before I could get down to him he scrambled up and made off toward the column, and i could not overtake him. These straggling scoundrels, murderers, and pillagers should all be shot or hung by the provost-marshal. 5.25 p. m., General Hancock received dispatch from General Grant addressed to him (General Hancock) or to General Gibbon, commanding Second Division, stating that General Smith had carried the outer works of the enemy in front of Petersburg, and directed general Hancock to proceed to assistance of General Smith as rapidly as possible. 5.50 p. m., General Hancock received dispatch from General Smith (William F.), by the hands of Captain Livermore, saying that he (General Smith) was authorized by General Grant to call upon the Second Corps for assistance, and requesting General Hancock to move up as rapidly as possible. We were already marching with the utmost expedition. We could now hear the artillery at Petersburg and the men stepped out briskly. 6.30 p. m., General Birney's division arrived at Bryant's house, on Bailey's Creek, in front of Petersburg, near Hink's division, eighteenth Corps, Gibbon's division immediately in rear of Birney's. Rode forward with General Hancock to where Generals Smith and Brooks were; found they had captured a portion of the enemy's line of works with 17 pieces of artillery. None of Lee's army in the works yet (so its said); they were defended by citizens and local troops around Petersburg. As soon as General Hancock met General Smith he told him that Birney 's and Gibbon's divisions, of the Second Corps, were at his service for any place he wished them; stating at the same time that he made the offer of the troops in question for the reason that it was now getting dark and be could not well see the position of the lines, and that General Smith having been on the ground all day knew just what was required to be done. General Smith replied that all he wished general Hancock to do was to relieve his troops of the Eighteenth Corps from their position in the captured works. General Hancock, General Smith, and General Brooks then rode out to the captured works with their staff officers. On the way General Hancock directed me to return to Bryant's house and bring up Gibbon's division to the works; a staff officer also sent to General Birney with same instructions. returned immediately to General Gibbon with General Gibbon with General Hancock's orders, who at once put his troops in motion and moved up to the designated point, occupying the works, his right resting in the captured redoubt on the crest, on left of the Fiend house; his left connecting with General Birney's division, which also came up at the Dunn house. Both division in position in works at 11. 30 p. m. 12 midnight, Barlow's divisions not yet up. Evidently has taken the wrong road and got lost.

June 16, 1864.- 12.25 a. m., by direction of General Hancock I wrote the following instructions to Generals Birney and Gibbon:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 16, 1864-12.25 a. m.

General GIBBON and

General BIRNEY:

GENERAL: If there are any points in your front commanding your position now occupied by the enemy the major-general commanding directs that they be taken at or before daylight, preferably before, as it is desirable to prevent the enemy from holing any points between us and the Appomattox. It is thought there are one or two such points. General Barlow will soon be up, and will mass in rear of General Gibbon's left.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. MITCHELL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

