
June 22, 1864. - General Birney commanding corps. Major-General Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac, at corps headquarters in forenoon. Comparatively little firing until about 3 o'clock this p. m., when left of Second Corps was thrown forward, intending to connect with right of Sixth Corps, but such connection was not made; after having advanced some distance toward Weldon railroad, Barlow's division (left of corps) was attacked on its left flank by the enemy, who had pushed in between it and Sixth Corps, the country being densely wooded, and thrown into great confusion, losing considerable in prisoners captured by the enemy. Barlow's troops retired to the line held by them before advancing. The enemy then came forward on Gibbon's and Mott's fronts (Second and Third Divisions), and captured 4 guns, McKnight's battery. Enemy finally and line re-established; skirmishing continued until dark. During the attack the enemy was at one time very close to corps headquarters, and their bullets struck among our tents. They also sent a great many round shot through our camp, one of them cutting a canteen from the side of a mounted orderly of doctor Dougherty, medical director of the corps. General Meade present during the attack. Skirmishing continued until dark.

June 23, 1864. - General Birney still in command on account of General Hancock's wounds unfitting him for duty. Second Corps' line connected with Sixth Corps' line on our left. Headquarters established at Jones' house near Jerusalem plank road; some skirmishing and artillery. Troops engaged in throwing up rifle-pits.

June 24, 1864. -No movement of importance by Second Corps. Some skirmishing on our front and enemy threw a number of shot in our direction, but did no damage. General Birney still in command.

June 25, 1864. - Same as yesterday; no movements.

June 26, 1864. - Same as yesterday.

June 27, 1864. - No movements of moment on Second Corps line to-day. General Hancock sufficiently recovered to resume command of the corps at 7 p. m.

June 28, 1864. - No movement by the corps to-day. Our line now connects with left of Crawford's division, Fifth corps. General Meade visited corps' headquarters to-day.

June 29, 1864. - Sixth Corps moved from left of Second toward Reams' Station, on Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad.* General Gibbon occupied entrenchments vacated by Sixth Corps toward the Williams house. Lieutenant-Colonel Jones reported to General Hancock from army headquarters with detachment of cavalry 1,000 strong; took position in entrenchments between Williams' house and Jerusalem plank road.

June 30, 1864. - Sixth Corps at Reams' Station; General Ferrero reported to General Hancock with division of colored troops (Ninth Corps), and took position in entrenchments from General Gibbon's left, near Williams' house, to Jerusalem plank road. General Gibbon

moved to-night and increased the strength of his line.

July 1, 1864. - Nothing of importance. The usual picket and artillery firing making some casualties.

July 2, 1864. -Sixth Corps returned from Reams' Station and took post again on left of Gibbon's division in front of Williams' house, covering Jerusalem plank road.

July 3, 1864. - No movements of any importance. All at work in the trenches.

July 4, 1864. - This is our National anniversary and we are having a more deadly struggle to-day for our national existence than our fore

---------------

*Reams' Station is on the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad.

---------------

