
and come in by the route he finally adopted, moving by Jarratt's Station to the Blackwater near Waverly. At that place the column was detained for some ten hours to restore a destroyed bridge. The whole Cavalry Corps of the Army of the Potomac is now camped near Light-house Point. General Sheridan thinks it will take ten days to recruit the horses so that they can resume the offensive efficiently. Wilson brought in about 400 negroes and many of the vast numbers of horses and mules gathered in his course. He reports that the rebels slaughtered without mercy the negroes they retook. Wilson's loss in property is a small wagon train, used to carry ammunition, his ambulance train, and 12 cannon. The horses of cannon and wagons were generally brought off. Of the cannon two were removed from the carriages, the wheels of which were broken, and the guns thrown into the water, and one other gun had been disabled by a rebel shot breaking the trunnions before it was abandoned.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

GENERAL GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 3, 1864-3.30 p.m. (Received 8 p.m.)

There is pretty good evidence that Early is now here, and all of Ewell's corps with him, but Breckinridge has not yet rejoined Lee's army. If he is moving down the Valley, as Sigel reports, it is possible that he may have with him 10,000 men of all sorts, not more.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

City Point, July 3, 1864-4 p.m.

The Petersburg Express of yesterday proposes that the Yankee prisoners should be fed on bread and water only, rather than starve the Confederate soldiers and people in the two cities. This paper admits that while the roads are cut as at present supplies are very short: besides if the roads should be repaired, it says there is no telling how soon they will be broken again.

C. A. DANA.

SECRETARY OF WAR.

CITY POINT, VA., July 4, 1864-9.30 a.m.

(Received 7.15 a.m. 5th.)

No new developments at the front. Burnside's mine is hindered by springs and quicksands. Smith's batteries of 30-pounder Parrotts and believed to have damaged it considerably. The enemy, who have repaired the road where General Butler broke it, make no attempt to run trains into Petersburg. Two citizens who came in from Richmond, having left that place on Thursday, report that the rebels are at work repairing the Virginia Central. It seems that the road between Gordonsville and Lynchburg has never been interrupted for any great length of time.

