
fathers had during the Revolution. Alas, that our present enemies should be our brothers, descendants of the men who resisted nobly the tyranny of England.
July 5, 6, 7, and 8, 1864. - Comparatively quiet, and very hot and dusty. The customary picket and artillery firing still goes on, with mortar shelling as an accompaniment. The shells from the mortars look very beautiful at night as they describe long arcs with burning fuses, passing from our lines to the enemy's and from their position into our works, each one leaving a streaming tail of fire behind it. Sometimes we count as many as thirty of them in the air at the same time. Our men are protected from them and from other heavy missiles by strong bomb-proofs, so that we do not lose many killed or wounded by them. We have now immense earth-works with bomb-proofs, covered ways, &amp;c., extending for many miles, crossing the Appomattox and James Rivers on our right and stretching away toward the South Side Railroad on our left. The enemy's works are equally extended and formidable, and we now appear to have settled down to a siege of each other's positions. The redoubts are immense on our line and all connected by curtains for infantry. There is a vast armament of artillery on both sides, which thunders away with noise enough to frighten the world, but does very little execution among the men. The fatigue is terrible to the men who are digging in the works, making new redoubts, curtains, covered ways, &c. Whole divisions of 10,000 men are detailed for fatigue duty at the same time. The works will soon form such a labyrinth that none but those who are in them daily will be able to find the way to front or when there to get out again.

July 9, 1864. - First and Second Divisions, Sixth Corps, moved from our left toward City Point. Second Corps occupied the line vacated by them, our line extending on the left nearly to Williams' house. Mott's brigade, Third Division, on left of General Gibbon, Second Division. General Ferrero's division (colored troops) taking position on left of Mott's brigade, extending over Jerusalem plank road.

July 11, 1864. - Orders received to move out of our rifle-pits to-night, to destroy the works in vicinity of Williams' house, and to mass corps in vicinity of said house.

July 12, 1864. - Corps moved out at 3 o'clock this a. m. and massed in neighborhood of Williams' house. Destroyed works in compliance with orders. 5.15 a. m., General Barlow ordered to move his division to cross-roads, four miles down Jerusalem plank road, in support of Gregg's cavalry, which is farther out. General Gregg (D. McM.) placed under General Hancock's orders temporarily. General Barlow afterward withdrawn to same position he held in the morning. 9.45 p. m., General Hancock received telegram from army headquarters directing him to move into position in rear of Fifth corps, which is in front line of entrenchments; Second Corps took up position accordingly on right and left of Norfolk road, near Deserted House, and also near Southall house.

July 13, 1864. - Corps in reserve, having taken position in rear of Fifth Corps; headquarters established at Deserted House, which is literally riddled with shot and shell from the enemy's lines.

July 14, 1864. - About the usual firing in front to-day. Two division of the corps detailed for fatigue duty on the of the Fifth Corps making covered ways.

