
July 15, 1864. - Quiet save the customary artillery and musketry in the trenches. First and Second Divisions, Second Corps, on fatigue duty destroying old works of the rebels near the Avery house.

July 16, 1864. - Quiet as usual this day. No movements. Hot and dusty.

July 17, 1864. - No movements by Second Corps this day. Deserters from the enemy report that the enemy intend attacking us to-morrow morning. Corps consequently ordered under arms, to be ready at 3 a. m. to-morrow. Headquarters to be packed at same hour.

July 18, 1864. - Movements this day. No attack from enemy as deserters reported there would be.

July 19, 1864. - Quiet on our line save customary artillery and musketry in the trenches.

July 20, 1864. - Same as yesterday; no movements.

July 21, 1864. - Accompanied General Hancock, with other members of his staff, to headquarter of General Grant, at City Point; also to General Butler's headquarters, at Bermuda Hundred. Back same evening to our own headquarters; a long ride; hot and dusty.

July 22, 1864. - Gibbon's division relieved Ferrero's division of colored troops in front line of works, Gibbon's left resting on Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad. General Birney relinquished command of the Third Division, Second Corps, to-day and took command of the Tenth Army Corps.

July 23, 1864. - Pierce's brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, took post on left of Gibbon's division in front line of works. General Birney gave up Third Division to-day to take command of Tenth Corps.

July 24, 1864. - No movement by Second corps to-day. Usual firing in entrenchments. Hot.

July 25, 1864. - Same as yesterday. Hot.

July 26, 1864. - Early this a. m. I was directed by general Hancock to proceed across the appomattox at bermuda Hundred, visit General Butler's headquarters, and thence go on to pontoon bridge across James River at Jones' Neck, so as to be familiar with the road from headquarters Second Corps to that point, then to return in the evening and guide the column on its march to-night to the bridge across the James at Jones' Neck. Returned to corps headquarters early in the afternoon, and at 4 p. m. corps marched in direction of bridge across appomattox at Point of rocks, keeping well back of our lines, so as to prevent the column being observed by the enemy from their position. 9.30 p. m., head of column arrived at pontoon bridge over appomattox; crossed immediately and continued the march on Bermuda hundred in direction of pontoon bridge on the James River at Jones' Neck; Barlow's division in advance. Midnight, the troops on the march between General Butler's headquarters and Jones' Neck.

July 27, 1864. - 2.45 a. m., head of column, Barlow's division, reached lower pontoon bridge at jones' Neck. The whole corps immediately crossed, the last regiment getting over at 6.30, General Sheridan's cavalry following close in rear of Second Corps. Strewed the bridge thickly with hay to prevent the enemy from hearing the tramp of the horses' feet. Infantry at once took position, and throwing skirmishers in direction of Bailey's creek, advanced upon the enemy's first line of works over an open field. the works ran along the edge a wooded crest covering New and malvern Hill road. Mott had the right of our line, barlow the center, Gibbon the left. 6.15 a. m., skirmishers dashing up the slope sharply engaged with the enemy; line of battle following them closely. 6.30 a. m. our whole line dashed into the works

