
27th; and the skirmish line of General De Trobriand's brigade, General Mott's division, particularly the Ninety-ninth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for good conduct and bravery in their severe action on the right of the battery; and the Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, for gallantry in the reconnaissance of the 28th. The spirit exhibited by the command shows that they are determined to maintain the high reputation they have heretofore acquired. The major-general commanding will not be unmindful of the services of individual officers or soldiers or organizations, and will reward them to the extent of his power.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 18. Report of Major General David B. Birney, U. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps, of operations June 22.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,In front of Petersburg, Va., June 26, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 22nd instant I began a movements involving a change in the First and Third Divisions of the corps as then established. Its object was to advance the left and center of the corps to envelop the enemy's position. It was undertaken in pursuance of instructions from the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, and the following orders were given to the officers commanding the divisions concerned to effect this purpose:

Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

June 22, 1864-4.50 a. m.

Brigadier-General BARLOW,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: General Wright is about moving forward in the direction of the road on which you moved yesterday. The major-general commanding desires you to conform to his movements advancing your line as General Wright advances his. It is supposed that as you advance the line will be considerably contracted, and the general wishes you to close in to the right from time to time to give General Mott an opportunity to get a part of his command in reserve.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

June 22, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General BARLOW,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to refer to you the inclosed note from Major-General Wright, commanding Sixth Corps.

(NOTE. - General Barlow states that the inclosed note was to the effect that General Wright was about to advance, and thought as he did so the line would be shortened and the communication easily made.)

Brigadier-General Mott, commanding Third Division, has been directed to take the position pointed out to him yesterday, and to notify you when he moves. You will also commence closing up to General Mott, and swinging forward your left, notifying General Wright when you do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

