
threw back two small brigades at nearly a right angle to General Mott's line as a protection to my flank. I had scarcely got into position before the enemy's skirmishers began pressing into the gap between me and the Sixth Corps. They were driven back from that part of my flank which was covered by the two brigades which were thrown back, but soon extended farther to my right and rear. i immediately brought my second line (General Miles' brigade) back into the rifle-pits to reestablish, as far as possible, the connection with the Sixth Corps. Be fore i execute any change of position with my advanced line the great part of that line (Second, Third, and Fourth Brigades) came back in confusion to the rifle-pits. The enemy pressed in vigorously, capturing a considerable number of the troops that broke, and such parts of the troops as stood fast; the troops on my right came in also. I had hardly arranged my division in the rifle-pits before the enemy made a smart attack upon one part of them, but were repulsed; a few of their dead and wounded were left in our front. Prisoners say the attack was in line of battle preceded by a skirmish line. Our advance separation from the Sixth Corps exposed us to be attacked under very unfavorable circumstances. At the same time it must be admitted that the troops did not meet the attack with vigor courage

and determination. The brigades of my front line (Second and Third) are too unsteady, from loss of commanding and other officers and other causes, to be much depended on in circumstances requiring much nerve and determination.

A report of casualties is being prepared.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps.

P. S. - This report was prepared and ordered to be sent forward yesterday morning, but through a mistake was not forwarded until now.

F. C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,June 25, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedient to orders I have the honor to report as follows in relation to loss of prisoners on June 22 instant:

On the morning of that I received the following orders:

You will move forward division, connecting with General Mott on your right, swinging forward until your whole line is in close proximity to that of the enemy.

Your movement will not be dependent on any movement of the Sixth Corps.

In obedience to these orders I moved forward, placing one brigade on the prolongation of General Mott's line, and protecting my flank by throwing back two small brigades on my left. By the movement ordered not only my flank but my rear was exposed to the enemy, who soon pressed into the gap between the Second and Sixth Corps. As soon as it became evident that the enemy were pressing in this direction I moved my reserve brigade in double-quick to our old line of riflepits to re-establish as far as possible the connection with the Sixth Corps. The brigades of my front line (Second, Third, and Fourth) came back in confusion under the fire from their flank and rear before any changes in

