
in the road, and by vigorous push drove it from its position and captured the pieces, with caissons and ammunition chests. A skirmish line was then pushed through the woods in the direction of the New Market road, which was reached after noon with slight opposition. A line of battle was formed in the edge of the woods along this road and one regiment (the Twenty-sixth Michigan) sent on a reconnaissance up the Central road. The enemy were observed building a line of works on a ridge nearly parallel to the New Market road. This regiment came upon the enemy in detached pits a short distance from the New Market road and drove him into his main line, the position of which having been ascertained the regiment was withdrawn.

At about 4 p. m. of the 28th the troops were withdrawn from the New Market road to the Long Bridge road and a line of pits thrown up parallel with that road, the left of the division resting opposite the battery and connecting with General Birge's brigade, of the Nineteenth Corps, the right connecting with General Gibbon's division at the " gate posts." This position was maintained throughout the day of the 29th till sunset, when the troops were withdrawn across the James and Appomattox Rivers to the former position before Petersburg.

During the assault by the Ninth Corps on the 30th the division remained in reserve and in readiness to operate when called on. At night on the 30th it was ordered to camp.

The division was commanded during the foregoing operations by General Barlow, until the evening of the 29th, when he left the army under a leave of absence and I assumed the command.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Major H. H. BINGHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

List of casualties in First Division, Second army Corps, at deep Bottom, Va., from July 26 to 30, 1864.

Killed. Wounded. Missing. Total.

Command.	 Offic	 Men	 Offic	 Men	 Offic	 Men	 Offic	 Men

 ers	 	 ers	 	 ers	 	 ers

Division	 .....	 ...	 .....	 ...	 1	 ....	 1

headquar	 	 .

ters

First	 .....	 8	 1	 31	 ....	 3	 1	 42

Brigade

Consolid	 .....	 ...	 .....	 2	 .....	 1	 .....	 3

ated	 	 .

Brigade

Fourth	 .....	 ...	 .....	 1	 .....	 ....	 .....	 1

Brigade	 	 .

Total	 .....	 8	 1	 34	 1	 4	 2	 46

Numbers 22. Report of Brigadier General Nelson A. Miles. U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,October 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

Crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge [June 12] and reached the James River, near Wilcox's Wharf, at 5 p. m. on the 13th; went into position, covering the landing, and threw up breast-works.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operation from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 37O.

---------------

