
accomplished and worthy officer, was severely wounded at the assault at Spotsylvania, may 12, and permanently disabled. Colonel John Fraser, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel Whistler, Second New York Artillery; Colonel C. E. Hapgood, Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel K. O. Broady, Sixty-first New York Volunteers, gallant and accomplished officers, were all wounded during the campaign. Lieutenant John B. Hallenbeck, aide-de-camp on my staff, a brave young officer, of singular ability, and a courteous gentleman, was of great assistance to me during the entire campaign herein reported, and contracted a fever in the performance of his duties, of which he has since died. Lieutenant robertson, aide-de-camp, was severely wounded at Totopotomoy Creek, and has been obliged to leave the service. Captain Church, Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, brigade inspector, was also of great service, and has since been made major of his regiment.

I transmit herewith nominal lists of the casualties sustained, together with tabular statement of the same; also the reports of regimental commanders of the operations of their respective commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain W. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 23. Reports of Captain James Fleming, Twenty-eight Massachusetts Infantry.*

FIFTH EPOCH.

The march from Cold Harbor across the Chickahominy River and the James River, with the operations before Petersburg, Va., Deep Bottom and vicinity, from June 16 to August 1, 1864.

Marched on the night of June 13, 1864, and with short halts reached the Chickahominy, and thence to James River. The regiment lost but few men as stragglers considering the long, rapid, and dusty march:

the heat was intense.

Arrived before Petersburg, Va., on the morning of june 16, 1864. The division (Third, First, and Fourth Brigades) was massed on the right and our Second Brigade charged independently on the left. In this charge the brigade lost another commanding officer in Colonel Kelly, Eighth New York Volunteers, and lost some men. We charged and drove the enemy from their first line of pits and occupied them that night. The men were utterly used up, and dropped asleep in the pits. The most exertions of the officers were almost ineffectual in keeping them in a wakeful condition. Remained there until noon of June 17, and were relieved, having been exposed to an enfilading fire from the enemy. Our loss on 16th, 17th, and 18th of June-enlisted men killed, 4; wounded, 11; missing, 3.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 388.

---------------

