
Ordered to report duty to Colonel N. A. Miles, commanding First Brigade, and moved to the right on the night of June 20 and rested until 8 a. m. on June 22[21]. Left and marched until 2 p. m. Threw out this regiment as flankers in the afternoon, and were shelled by the enemy while deployed in the woods and again thrown out as skirmishers.

June 23 [22], received and kept at bay the enemy's approach until not a cartridge was left, when we fell back, and received the compliments of General barlow upon the ground. In these two skirmishes we lost 1 killed, 5 wounded, and 1 missing, 11 prisoners.

Encamped in woods, built bower until July 5, 1864; general muster and pay-rolls, reports, and returns made out. Marched to left and occupied works built by the Sixth Corps, which was supposed to have gone to Washington. remained here several days and moved to this position, where we again encamped until the 26th.

Evening of 26th of July formed in line and marched all night until 2 o'clock, crossing the appomattox and James Rivers to near Deep Bottom; bivouacked in field on edge of heavy woods until 5 a. m. [27th]; formed in the woods, General Miles, First brigade, in advance; deployed as skirmishers and advanced, covered by Captain Sleeper's battery, the skirmish line of this brigade being under the immediate command of Colonel James C. Lynch, this regiment having the right of the line, each regiment leaving its colors and color company 150 paces in the rear of the skirmish line as a reserve under charge of Colonel Lynch, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers. The order being given to advance, the line moved forward over an open field until within about fifty yards of the enemy's line, when skirmishing commenced and the enemy opened his battery of four 20-pounder Parrot guns. Captain Fleming advanced his line at a left half-wheel, thus throwing an enfilading fire into the enemy, and being the first to strike the enemy's line, causing them to abandon the guns, which were taken safely to the rear. There were but ninety-four men in this regiment, and the movement of the regiment at a half-wheel enabled them to pour in a flank fire, which was the immediate cause of the enemy abandoning the guns and position. In this affair the regiment lost but 3 men wounded and 1 killed.

Relieved from the picket-line at 7 p. m. on the 27th and marched back to works captured in the morning. Worked that night on improving the works for our own defense and remained there felling trees and building earth-work until evening of the 29th July, when we packed up and marched back, recrossing the James and Appomattox Rivers, and July 30 arrived in front of Petersburg at 3.30 a. m., when the general assault commenced on the enemy's line. Formed under a high bluff in support to the ninth corps. remained until evening when the corps was again marched to camp occupied July 26 previous to moving across the james, where this regiment is now encamped. The men of this regiment were much exhausted from fatigue, but there was not much straggling, all being within the encampment on August 1, 1864, or accounted for otherwise.

In this last affair some credit is felt to be due the regiment, and the officers and men are satisfied that their services are appreciated.

Casualties during fifth epoch from July 14 to August 1, 1864-6 enlisted men killed, 19 enlisted men wounded, 2 enlisted men missing, and 2 enlisted men prisoners.

