
On the afternoon of the 28th the regiment was detached from the brigade and made a reconnaissance between the New Market and Charles City road to discover the enemy's left; attacked and drove a line double the strength of our own for half a mile, and into their entrenchments. The regiment was complimented by Major-General Hancock in general orders* for gallantry in this affair and the operations of the day previous.

The 29th, engaged in throwing up works. At dark recrossed the James, marched all night, arriving before Petersburg at 4 a. m., and remained in reserve during the unsuccessful assault of that day. At dark returned to our old camp near the Deserted House.

N. CHURCH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 25. Report of Captain Lucius H. Ives, Twenty-sixth Michigan Infantry, of operations July 26- 30.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SIXTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS,September 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters calling for a report of the operations of my command at Deep Bottom, Va., from July 26 to 30, and from August 13 to 20, I have the honor to submit the following:

Broke camp before Petersburg the afternoon of July 26 and marched with the brigade too Deep Bottom, arriving there before daylight the morning of the 27th. Supported the skirmishers commanded by Colonel Lynch, which drove the enemy from his first line and captured a battery of 4 pieces. in the afternoon were detached from the brigade and made a reconnaissance in the direction of Charles City road, charging a line of the enemy's rifle-pits and developing his position.

The 28th and 28th were engaged in building works and doing picket duty. Returned with the brigade at night the 29th to our former position before Petersburg.+

Casualties the 27th of July-killed, 2; wounded, 3.

Very respectfully, your servant,

L. H. Ives,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE H. CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 26. Report of Major James E. Larkin, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Near Petersburg, Va., August 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers in the operations of the fifth epoch, indicated in Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac:

About 9 o'clock of the night of the 12th of June the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers left their works at Cold harbor and took up the line of march for the Chickahominy River.

---------------

*See p. 324.

+ For continuation of report, see Vol. XLII, Part I.

---------------

