
the recapture negroes unanimously declared they had been forced away from their homes, and the Examiner says the men who committed this outrage ought to be hung.

C. A. DANA.

SECRETARY OF WAR.

CITY POINT, VA., July 4, 1864-4 p.m.

A deserter from the Sixty-first Virginia, who came into Hancock's lines this morning from the extreme right of the rebel army, says it was reported in their camp that Ewell had gone into Maryland with his own corps and the other forces lately operating in the Valley. He took only hard bread in his wagons and left all baggage at Stauton. The same deserter reports that the rations of Lee's army have been reduced to one-quarter of a pound of meat, whilst the ration of sugar and coffee has ceased to be regularly issued.

C. A. DANA.

SECRETARY OF WAR,

Washington, D. C.

CITY POINT, VA., July 5, 1864-8 a.m.

(Received 6 p.m.)

General Meade totally condemns Barnard's project of assault. He says that he did his best against the very work Barnard desires to attack twelve hours after he got here and failed. It has since been much strengthened. Meade also condemns the idea of throwing a heavy force across the Appomattox, with ten days' rations, to operate on the right of the enemy, for the reason that the column would have to cut loose from its base and the rest of the army, and would probably be confronted by intrenched lines on that side also. He favors regular siege operations where we are, and places a good deal of dependence upon Burnside's mine. That mine will be ready in a week. Meade holds to the plans of operating against the rebel lines of communication by the cavalry alone, and says it will be a fortnight before Sheridan is ready to resume the offensive. An intelligent deserter says General Early is here in person, but does not know where his troops are. He also says Lee is about making a flank movement against this army, which means if anything, that our left is to be attacked. On that wing both Hancock and Wright are massed.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL GRANT,City Point, July 6, 1864-8 a.m. (Received 12.10 p.m.).

Rickett's division, of the Sixth Corps, with a force of dismounted cavalry from 8,000 to 10,000 men in all, embark this morning for Baltimore. Nothing new along the lines yesterday. Burnside reports that the gallery of his mine had advanced 290 feet yesterday morning. He intends to divide the gallery into five branches, and to put a ton of powder in each. Some prominent officers says that the enemy is aware of the mine, and has constructed a new line within that he means to blow up. Meade told me yesterday that he was at last convinced that

