
On the night of July 29 the regiment left Deep Bottom, and recrossing the James, arrived in front of Petersburg the next day.

During the affair on the 30th the regiment was held in reserve.

A list of casualties* during these operations is herewith respectfully transmitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. E. LARKIN,

Major, Commanding Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers.

Captain G. H. CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 27. Report of Major George Hogg, Second New York Heavy Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW YORK ARTILLERY,October 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: +

FIFTH EPOCH.

On the evening of the 12th [June] marched with corps from Cold Harbor toward James River. On the 13th crossed the Chickahominy and arrived at Wilcox's Landing, James River, at 4 p. m.; encamped and rested till about 11 p. m. of the 14th; crossed the James in transports. 15th, resumed march toward Petersburg. 16th, arrived and continued to march to left of Petersburg, and on the afternoon of that day charged on the enemy with heavy loss to ourselves. Daylight of the 17th again charged the enemy's position, but was obliged to retire. Moved to the right and threw up rifle-pits. On the 18th made and advance, in which Colonel Whistler was slightly wounded. Lieutenant -Colonel Palmer severely wounded, and Captain Berry killed. Loss heavy. On the 19th threw up breast-works. 21st, marched with the corps toward the Weldon railroad and found the enemy in force. Fell back to the right front. 22d, moved to the front and again fell back to the rifle-pits. Smart engagement in the afternoon behind breast-works; the enemy driven. We captured 40 prisoners. 23d, 24th, 25th, and 26th, occupying the same position. Comparatively quiet. 27th, the regiment moved to the rear and encamped. On the 29th moved into rifle-pits half a mile to the left. July 2, moved back to former camp-ground. 3rd to 9th, encamped. 10th, marched three miles to the left; on picket duty at Aiken's farm. 12th, called in pickets and fell back to rifle-pits in the rear. In the evening marched four miles on reconnaissance to Reams' Station and returned. 13th, marched to the right and rear of Ninth and Eighteenth Corps and camped. 16th, moved camp to right of brigade. 17th to 25th, encamped; employed principally on fatigue. 26th, marched with corps and cross the James River at Deep Bottom, and on the 27th, 28th, and 29th participated in the operations at that place, advancing about two miles from the river. On the evening of the 29th recrossed to south side of the river. 30th, general assault on Petersburg, the occasion of mine being blown up;

---------------

*Embodied in tables, pp. 219, 241.

+ For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 376.

---------------

