
lay in reserve, and in the evening of that day returned to old camp. Loss-commissioned officers, 2 killed, 18 wounded; enlisted men, 28 killed, 260 wounded 55 missing.

Respectfully submitted.

GEORGE HOGG,

Major, Commanding Second New York Artillery.

[Captain WILLIAM MCALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 28. Report of Captain Oscar F. Hulser, Second New York Heavy Artillery, of operations July 26-31.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW YORK ARTILLERY,September 28, 1864.

Report of the Second New York Artillery in the operations on the north side of the James River, from July 26 to July 31, 1864, the regiment being commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson:

July 26, left camp before Petersburg, marched to and crossed the James River early next morning. July 27, the troops rested about two hours. Part of the First Brigade was then formed and advanced as skirmishers, the Second New York Artillery acting as a support. The line advanced about half a mile, when they were engaged by the enemy, who fell back on their works, which, after a brief struggle, were carried by our troops in the advance, the Second New York Artillery still being within supporting distance. With these rebel works were taken 4 guns and a few prisoners, our casualties in this fight being 1 man wounded. The regiment then advanced about one mile and a half farther, encamping in the woods. 28th, regiment went on picket, part of which became engaged with the enemy on the picket-line, our loss being 1 man killed, 4 wounded, and 4 missing. 29th, returned to south side of river and marched to Petersburg. 30th, arrived before Petersburg; lay in reserve during the fight at that place on the 30th. 31st, returned to old camp before Petersburg.*

O. F. HULSER,

Captain, Second New York Artillery, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 29. Report of Major George W. Scott, Sixty-first New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FIRST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: +

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 12, left the breast-works at 8 p. m.; marched (as skirmishers), via Dispatch Station and Long Bridge, to the James Fiver, near Wilcox's Wharf. Arrived there at 4 p. m. June 13; went into position and threw up breast-works; bivouacked.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XLII, Part I.

+For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to june 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 378.

---------------

