
June 14, crossed the James River on transports at 11 p. m. Halted on south bank of James River.

June 15, marched toward Petersburg, Va.: halted about 2 a. m. june 16 about two miles from the front.

June 16, moved forward at daylight and formed line on the left of Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers; moved to the right about 4 p. m.; charged at 5 p. m. over rough and difficult ground, gaining a position about 400 yards from the rebel lines; threw up breast-works and remained all night. Lost 15 men this day.

June 17, no movement.

June 18, 7 a. m., advanced about a mile toward Petersburg, the enemy having evacuated the position; built breast-works in edge of woods; remained all day and night.

June 20, relieved by troops of the Ninth Corps and marched to the rear about three miles; bivouacked in reserve.

June 21, 8 a. m., marched to the left across the Jerusalem plank road toward Reams' Station; deployed as skirmishers on right of Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, were shelled severely, and lost several men; about 6 p. m. were relieved and moved with the division about a mile to the rear and went into position; bivouacked.

June 22, 9 a. m., moved to the front and halted until about 1 p. m.; then moved forward about one-quarter mile beyond front line of breast-works, countermarched at double-quick, and manned the breast-works. The enemy charged about 3 p. m., and after a hard fight of nearly two hours he was repulsed with great slaughter. lay in the breast-works all night.

June 23, moved to the left about half a mile; no engagement.

June 24, advanced a short distance and commenced building breast works; before they were completed moved a short distance to the left and remained all night.

June 25, moved about one-quarter of a mile to the rear and bivouacked.

June 26, no movement.

June 27, went into camp a short distance to rear, remained until June 29, 10 a. m.; moved to the left and occupied breast-works and remained until July 1, 9 a. m.; moved back into camp and remained until July 9, 12 p. m.; moved about three miles to the left and went on picket in front of Williams' house.

July 12, moved about one mile to the rear and bivouacked; 3 p. m., marched to near Reams' Station; returned same night.

July 13, moved to present position and encamped; remained in camp until July 26, 3 p. m.; marched to the right, crossed Appomattox about 8 p. m.; crossed the James River about 10 p. m., at Deep Bottom, and bivouacked.

July 27, moved forward and deployed on picket-line; withdrawn at 9 a. m. and rejoined the brigade; bivouacked.

June 28, placed in support of picket-line; remained during the night.

July 29, 7 p. m., returned to south side of Appomattox River.

July 30, 4 a. m., formed line on Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers in rear of Ninth Corps; not engaged; moved to present camp.

Respectfully submitted.

By order of Major George W. Scott:

R. A. BROWN,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Sixty-first New York Volunteers.

Captain G. H. CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

