
Numbers 30. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Wilson, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations July 26-30.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIRST PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Agreeable to circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report that, having received marching orders on the 26th of July, at 5 p. m., we took our line of march toward Deep Bottom, crossing the Appomattox by the pontoon bridge and crossing the James at 2 a. m. the next morning, when, after a farther march of about a mile, we encamped in a field.

During the 27th the regiment supported the skirmish line, and at night took up position in the woods.

On the 28th we supported the division pickets, and on the 29th we returned to the breast-works, where we remained till evening, taking up our line of march to the rear of the Eighteenth Corps, remaining there until dark on the evening of the 30th, no casualties occurring.*

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 31. Report of Lieutenant James E. Deno, Eighty-first Pennsylvania infantry.

CAMP EIGHTY-FIRST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,

October 20, 1864.+

FIFTH EPOCH.

On the 12th [June] ordered to move at 8 p. m. Marched all night, crossed the Chickahominy, reaching the James River at 4 p. m., where we formed in line of battle and camped for the night. On the 14th crossed the river. On the 15th we moved in the direction of Petersburg, reaching the rear of Butler's forces at night. The regiment marched at daybreak [16th], took up position on the left, then ordered to the right and charged. The fight continued the whole night, during which Captain Ginder, Company i, was killed. We, in conjunction with others, charged same evening and carried the works. Lieutenant Peters was killed and Lieutenant Williams wounded. On July 26 the regiment, in connection with the rest of the corps, were ordered to Deep Bottom. A portion of the brigade being ordered to charge the enemy's works, the other portion were in support, amongst which our regiments was. On the night of the 29th we, in connection with others, crossed the James River and marched toward the front of Petersburg, where we remained in support of the Ninth Corps until the 31st.

Casualties during the fifth epoch, 1 killed and 1 wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES E. DENO,

Lieutenant, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM MCALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XLII, Part I.

+ For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part, p. 381.

---------------

