
Numbers 32. Report of Captain Thomas Henry, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 140TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,October 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

On the night of the 12th of June the regiment quietly withdrew from the line of works at Cold Harbor and marched with the brigade to and crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge. Continued the march that day and halted in the evening at Wilcox's Landing, on the James River, where we threw up a light line of works. On the night of the 14th moved with the brigade and crossed the James River, halting on the south side till noon for the purpose of drawing rations. On the afternoon of the 14th the regiment marched with the division in the direction of Petersburg, halting at midnight near the Fiend house. early in the Eighteenth Corps. In the evening moved to the right and near the Friend house and supported the Third Brigade in a charge. Drove the enemy into their works and threw up earth-works within 200 yards of the enemy's line and remained here until the morning of the 18th, when we occupied the enemy's works and advanced, driving the enemy from the Norfolk railroad at a large brick culvert. Were relieved from the picket-line on the morning of the 19th and rejoined the brigade in the earth-works, where we remained until the night of the 20th, when we were relieved by a portion of the Ninth Corps. On the 21st moved with the brigade to the extreme left of the line and near the Williams house. On the 22nd supported the Second and Third Brigades while engaged with the enemy. Went into camp near the Williams house on the 23rd and remained in this position until the night of the 10th of July, when we moved farther to the left on the Jerusalem plank road and relieved the pickets of the Sixth Corps. Remained on picket until the afternoon of the 12th, when the regiment moved with the brigade and some cavalry toward the Weldon railroad, returning about midnight. On the morning of the 13th marched with the brigade to and encamped near the Deserted House, where we remained doing fatigue duty until the evening of the 26th, when we broke camp and marched to and crossed the Appomattox. On the morning of the 27th we crossed the James River, when the regiment was ordered on picket. Remained on picket until 9 a. m., when we were ordered to rejoin the brigade. The regiment did picket duty near the New Market road until the night of the 29th, when we were withdrawn. Crossing the James River on the morning of the 30th, rejoined the brigade about 1 o'clock in the afternoon near the Friend house.

The regiment lost in the operations in front of Petersburg, 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men killed, and 2 commissioned officers and 24 enlisted men wounded, and 2 enlisted men missing.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOMAS HENRY,

Captain, Commanding regiment.

Captain WILLIAM MCALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 383.

---------------

