
Numbers 33. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel George T. Egbert, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 183rd PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,October 21, 1864.*

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 12, moved out by the left flank about 10 p. m.

June 13, continued march and reached the James River near Wilcox's Landing about 6 p. m., and threw up breast-works.

june 14, lay in position till near midnight, when we crossed the river in transports.

June 15, lay still till noon, then marched to a position near Petersburg, Va.

June 16, a. m., took up a new position in woods to left of Petersburg; p. m., engaged in charge on the enemy's works in reserve line. Established picket-line some distance in advance of that formerly held by us.

June 17, advanced and occupied a line of rebel pits, but fell back for want of support.

June 18, the enemy having fallen back, advanced about a mile in close proximity to norfolk and Petersburg Railroad; threw up breast-works on the crest of a hill; lay quiet until the night of June 21, when the line was relieved by troops from Ninth Corps. marched about two miles to rear and encamped; threw up breast-works during the night.

June 22, moved out about noon in front of our line of works. Part of the division had gone out ahead and formed line of battle in woods. Enemy came in on our flank and drove us back to the works. Had some skirmishing in the afternoon.

June 24, went into camp in rear of line of works. remained in camp quiet until July 12; about 2 a. m. received orders to level the breast-works in our front and be ready to move. At 3 a. m. moved to the left about one mile; lay until evening; moved out toward Reams' Station in support of cavalry. About 12 m. started back; came to where we had left and remained until morning.

July 13, moved to the right about two miles and encamped as a reserve. Lay here until July 26. Moved about 6 p. m.; crossed the Appomattox, and continued the march to James River; crossed about 2 a. m. and lay near the bank until morning.

July 27, advanced with Twenty-eighth Massachusetts and Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers across a field against a line of the enemy behind works; charged the works, capturing 4 pieces of artillery and a few prisoners.

July 28, advanced a short distance, changing position during the day. Were not engaged.

July 29, fell back a short distance and remained until evening, when we moved back over the James and Appomattox Rivers, and in morning of July 30 the regiment lay in support of Ninth Army Corps and remained so during the day.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. T. EGBERT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 385.

---------------

