
July 29, at 8 p. m. the regiment received orders to march, and recrossing the James river arrived in front of Petersburg 4 a. m. July 30; ordered to halt; the regiment was held in reserve during the assault on the enemy's works that date. Returned to camp near Deserted House 11 p. m. July 30, 1864.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEXANDER WATTS,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-third Regiment New York Volunteers.

First Lieutenant GEORGE MITCHELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Consolidated Brigade.

Numbers 39. Report of Captain Robert H. Milliken, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-NINTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,October 16, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

FIFTH EPOCH.

Marched to the chickahominy, which we crossed on the 13th [June], reaching the James River near Wilcox's Landing, that evening; threw up breast-works.

Crossed the James on the night of the 14th, and marched to the formed line in front of the enemy's works. We secured an advantageous position, which we held until the morning of the 17th, when the enemy fell back to a rear line of works. About 10 o'clock at night we moved to the right about five miles, our brigade being temporarily detached and sent as a support to the Third Division.

We advanced on the morning of the 18th through the woods, but were not engaged. in the afternoon we threw up a line of entrenchments and remained in position behind them until the night of the 20th, when we moved to the left two miles and halted for the night, and resumed our march to the left next morning, proceeding about five miles, when we struck the enemy. Put up entrenchments, remained in them for the night, and advanced through the woods along a by-path, a distance of about one miles and a half. Formed line of battle. Remained in this position for about half an hour, when we were attacked in front, on the left flank, and in rear, compelling us to retire in confusion to the works constructed the night previous. Encamped here until the 8th of July, when we moved to the Jerusalem plank road, doing picket duty there until the morning of the 9th, when we were withdrawn and marched to a position nea Petersburg, where we went into camp and remained until the 26th of July, when we broke camp and marched to Deep Bottom, crossing the Appomattox and James Rivers, reaching there on the morning of the 27th at 4 a. m. Formed line of battle in front of the enemy. Remained in position on the enemy's front and doing picket duty until the evening of the 29th of July, when we marched back to our former position in front of Petersburg, reaching there on the morning of the 30th of July, at 4 a. m., when

