
enemy's works on the 16th and 17th; participated in engagements on the 18th, 21st, and 22d, and at Deep Bottom July 26 and August 14, and at Ream's Station August 25, 1864.

M. W. MURDOCK,

Captain, 111th Regiment New York Vols., Commanding Regiment.

[Lieutenant GEORGE MITCHELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 43. Report of Captain Nelson Penfield, One hundred and twenty-fifth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 125TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

SIR: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

We left our position near Cold Harbor at 8 o'clock on the night of the 12th of June and marched all night. We rested about two hours next morning and then took up the line of march, crossing the Chickahominy about 10 a. m. and reaching our position near Charles City Court-House about 5 p. m. We remained here during the 14th throwing up earth-works.

At 3 a. m. of the 15th we took transports at Moore's [Wilcox's] Landing and crossed over the James to Wind-Mill Point. We moved at noon and marched until midnight and then lay down until 3 o'clock of the 16th, when we moved again and marched into position on front of Petersburg.

The regiment, with the division, was on the left of the line during the 16th of June; was moved to the right about 6 p. m. and was closed en masse, and with the corps charged upon the enemy. The brigade led in the charge, the regiment being in the first line. It moved through some woods down into a deep ravine, up a hill and down into another and worse ravine, and up another hill on Shands' farm, where it halted. We lost quite heavily here. losing some 41 in all, as follows.+

We remained in the position taken on the 16th during the 17th and 18th. The brigade was moved to the right during the night of the 17th, excepting the regiment, which was left to support a battery. The regiment was moved to the right the night of the 18th, and was employed all night building breast-works.

We fell back with the corps on the night of the 19th, and were moved about 9 a. m. of the 20th [21st] some six miles to the left. When we came near the Weldon railroad skirmishers were thrown out, and in the skirmishing that followed the regiment lost 6 men, as follows.++

The men were moved from point during the night of the 21st, and were occupied also in building breast-works.

About 2 o'clock on the afternoon of the 22nd of June we moved with the corps out of the breast-works into the woods. We moved forward about a mile, the enemy retiring before us. The whole regiment ex-

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI., Part I, p. 403

+ Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 officers and 10 enlisted men killed, and 1 officer and 28 enlisted men wounded.

++Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officers and 3 enlisted men wounded and 2 enlisted men missing.

---------------

