
cepting the colors was sent on the skirmish line. This line was flanked and was forced to fall back. We lost in this affair some 39 [38] officers and men, as follows.*

We went into camp behind the breast-works at this place and remained until the morning of July 12, when, after destroying the works thrown up at this point, we fell back a few miles. We remained here during the day, and at night went out as support to the cavalry near Ream's Station; returned during the night and went into camp next day near Petersburg, Va. Were employed on fatigue duty here until the 26th of July, when we broke camp in the afternoon between 3 and 4 o'clock and marched until 3 a. m. of the 27th, crossing the Appomattox at Point of Rocks and James River at Deep Bottom.

Occupied our assigned place in line of battle a. m. of the 27th, but met with no casualties.

Recrossed the James on the night of the 29th; marched all night, reaching position near Petersburg about 5 a. m. of the 30th. Took no part in the battle fought on that day. About 8 p. m. took up the line of march for our old camp.

The regimental colors are torn by the rough usage of the march and battle-field, so that but about one-third remains clinging with ragged hands to the staff.

The regiment left Stevensburg with 365 men; we have now 140 left; to this number some have been added on the march, but those that remain, with brave hearts and strong hands, relying on God's providence, will uphold, defend, and carry forward the old flag, until the cause it represent is fully triumphant.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON PENFIELD,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant I. H. WILDER, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 44. Report of Captain John B. Geddis, One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 126TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, October 13, 1864.

SIR: +

Fifth. Crossed the Chickahominy June 13 and the James the morning of the 15th. Marched to the front of Petersburg; participated in the charge on the enemy's works June 16, sustaining a loss of 5 officers and 12 men killed and wounded, and were engaged June 21 and 22 in our unsuccessful attempt to advance the lines on the extreme left. The regiment was also at Deep Bottom July 27, 28, and 29, but met with no losses at this place.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN B. GEDDIS,Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE MITCHELL, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer (died June 26) and 6 enlisted men wounded and 2 officers and 29 enlisted men missing.

+ For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.406.

---------------

23 R R-VOL XL, PT I

