
through under fire several times. At 9 p. m. of the 29th was ordered to recross the James and march to the rear of the Eighteenth Corps. The position was reached just at the attack was made on the enemy's works, and remained as a reserve until dark. It was then ordered to the camp it occupied prior to the crossing of the James River, the hardest, though short, expedition of the campaign.

During the operations from May 3 to July 30 the command lost 7 commanders, 13 field officers, and 2,500 of the rank and file.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM GLENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 46. Report of Captain Horatio N. Hunt, Sixty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations July 26-30.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, September 27, 1864.

I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of operations of this command from the 26th to the 30th of July, 1864, at Deep Bottom, Va.:

The regiment, with brigade, broke camp before Petersburg. Va., on the 26th of July, and took up line of march for Deep Bottom, crossed the Appomattox and James Rivers, and at daylight of the 27th arrived at our destination. Shortly after daylight the regiment, with brigade, formed line in rear of First Brigade and advanced on the enemy. The enemy fled at our advance. The First Brigade captured four pieces of artillery. On the 28th the regiment went into camp in rear of a line of breast-works, and remained until the night of the 29th, when we fell black to our old position before Petersburg, arriving on the 30th at daylight. No casualties occurred in the regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

H. N. HUNT,Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. WENDEL MUFFLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 47. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Glenny, Sixty-fourth New York Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, August 9, 1864.

SIR: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

We crossed the James River on the 14th [June], and on the 15th marched toward Petersburg, Va., and were in the engagements of the

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 419.

---------------

