
dark, and threw up works in several places. At noon next day we were moved forward, got into line; the regiment was ordered out on the skirmish line. We had scarcely got deployed when the enemy [flanked] us and got into our rear. Captain Davis, then commanding the regiment, ordered every man to take care of himself. We then retreated to the works thrown up the day before, where we checked the enemy. Captain Davis was wounded and taken prisoner. Lieutenant Newman was wounded, and about 20 men killed, wounded, or missing. We then pitched tents behind the works. There being but two officers and forty men left, we were temporarily consolidated with the Sixty-fourth, under command of Captain (now Colonel) Glenny. We staid there until July 10.

On June 27 Lieutenant Lane, a citizen appointed by Governor Seymour, joined us. He being a first lieutenant, ranked us present, and assumed command of the regiment.

On July 10 we moved to the left; moved out on the Jerusalem plank road and returned the next day at 3 a. m., and moved back toward the direction of Petersburg, which place we reached about noon the 13th, and went into camp.

On the 26th we broke camp and moved to the right, crossed the Appomattox and the James Rivers. We then threw up works near New Market hill, where the enemy were strongly intrenched.

On the night of the 29th we recrossed the James River and came within sight of Petersburg at daybreak in time to hear the explosion of the mine. At night we moved into our old camp.

Very respectfully,

S. PINCUS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant D. S. FOUSE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 49. Report of Captain Albert Gosse, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry, of operations July 26-30.

HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS., October 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to send the report of operations called for from brigade headquarters from July 30, 1864.

On the afternoon of the 26th of July orders were received to pack and be ready to move. At about 4 p. m. we moved toward the Appomattox, crossed that river about 9 p. m., then crossed the James at Deep Bottom at 2 a. m. on the 27th, and rested until daylight. The march was very severe, a great many of the men falling out of the ranks exhausted. After forming line of battle we moved forward toward the enemy's works, which the skirmishers of the First Brigade charged and captured with four pieces of artillery. After maneuvering around until nearly dark, when a picket detail took all the regiment had present, and remained until the night of the 28th. After being relieved and joining the rest of the brigade we commenced throwing up breast-works, which were not finished until daylight of the 29th. We remained behind the works until dark and moved quietly out of the works and recrossed the river, marching all night, and at daybreak arrived in front of Petersburg in time to hear the explosion of the mine.

