
On the morning of the 30th of July we were massed behind a hill, where we remained all day and marched back to the old camp in the evening.

A. GOSSE,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-sixth New York Veteran Vols.

Lieutenant J. W. MUFFLY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 4th Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

No. 50. Report of Captain Philip H. Schreyer, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations July 26-30.
HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS., September 28, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with circular, I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this regiment from the 26th day of July, 1864, to the 30th day of July, 1864:

At 4 p. m. July 26 the regiment took up the line of march and crossed the Appomattox River at Point of Rocks and moved on toward the James River, which we crossed about 3 a. m. July 27, 1864, and after moving about one mile from the river we halted until 6 a. m., when we moved forward in line of battle for about half a mile where we halted and formed in line under the crest of a hill. The regiment was not engaged with the enemy, although exposed to the fire of their batteries. In the evening of July 27, 1864, the regiment was detailed as a support to the picket-line and moved out on the New Market road, remaining here until the evening of July 28, when it was relieved and rejoined the remainder of the brigade, where it was engaged in building earth-works until daylight. After remaining here until 8 p. m. of the evening of the 29th we received orders to march, and recrossing the James and Appomattox Rivers arrived at or in front of Petersburg at daylight. The regiment remained in rear of the Ninth Corps until dark, when we marched back to the camp we occupied on the 26th.

There were no casualties in this regiment during the above campaign.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,P. H. SCHREYER,

Captain, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Vet. Vols., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant J. WENDEL MUFFLY, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 51. Report of Captain James Patton, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., August 7, 1864.

SIR: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

The march across the Chickahominy and James, and the operations in front of Petersburg up to the assault on the enemy's position, July 30, 1864.

At 9 p. m. June 12 the command was ordered to march. Crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge, marched to near Charles City Court-House, and bivouacked for the night.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.423.

---------------

