
No. 55. Report of Captain James F. Weaver, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. 148TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, August 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

FIFTH EPOCH.

Moved immediately to the left after night-fall June 12, marched all night, and crossing the Chickahominy at Long Bridge about 9 a. m. on the 13th reached the James River at Wilcox's Landing. The march was very rapid and harassing on the men; they were much exhausted. Bivouacked for the night. Remained quiet during the next day.

On the night of the 14th were conveyed across the river on transports. Moved a few miles and bivouacked the enemy's works, but were repulsed. Casualties: Colonel Beaver was severely wounded; killed, 3 enlisted men; wounded, 3 commissioned officers and 6 enlisted men; missing, 10 enlisted men.

On the 17th the regiment moved to the right and occupied front works.

On the 18th Major Forster was severely wounded while in command of the skirmish line. About 9 p. m. on the 20th was relieved by the Ninth Corps and returned a short distance to camp in the rear.

June 21, moved to the left of the general line and, taking position near the Weldon railroad, put up works. Another line of works was erected during the night. Remained in the last-named position until 11 o'clock of the 22d, when the regiment moved forward into the road in front of our works and formed a line. This position had not been held for move than an hour before the enemy came in upon our left flank and rear. The brigade on the left and the left of the Fourth Brigade gave way in confusion. Colonel Fraser, commanding brigade, gave orders to move in as good order as possible and occupy the works alluded to above. The enemy pressed our rear and flank severely, advancing rapidly and pouring a galling fire into the rear of the column. After gaining the works the regiment was reformed and was ordered in reserve. Late in the evening the regiment was ordered to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Broady, division officer of the day, who deployed it in front of the works and ordered it to advance into the road. Moved some 400 yards and were halted, where the line remained until morning, when they were advanced within sight of the enemy's works.

On the 24th the regiment rejoined the brigade inside the works, where it remained until the 12th of July, when it again moved to the left, leveling. During the day occupied works put up by Sixth Corps. In the evening advanced about three miles on the Jerusalem plank road; remained until midnight, and then returned to position occupied during the day previous.

On the morning of the 13th moved to the right some six or eight miles, where we remained until the 26th, when we marched in the direction of City Point. Crossed the Appomattox at Point of Rocks and the James River at Jones' Neck and bivouacked on the north side of the river under cover of a wood.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 427.

---------------

