
At 7 o'clock on the 27th advanced in line of battle; took position under the crest of a hill. The regiment was then deployed as skirmishers to protect the right flank. The enemy here threw a number of shell. In about an hour rejoined regiment. During the afternoon the regiment deployed as flankers, but as the connections were complete it rejoined the brigade. During the evening advanced and took up a new position in the wood. Heavy firing on the right of the line caused a rapid move in that direction but soon returned. Regiment went on picket in the evening, and did not rejoin brigade until the next evening. Put up strong works and remained there until the evening of the 29th, when regiment again recrossed the James and Appomattox at points above mentioned. Marched all night and by 5 a. m. of the 30th were in rear of the Eighteenth Corps.

On the evening of the 30th moved to the right and occupied the camp occupied prior to our advance over the James River.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. F. WEAVER,

Captain, 148th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. W. MUFFLY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 4th Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

No. 56. Report of Captain Alfred A. Rhinehart, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations July 26-30.
HEADQUARTERS 148TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, September 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with existing orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from the 26th to the 30th of July, inclusive:

My command left camp and moved with its brigade to Deep Bottom, Va., on the night of the 26th, halting under cover of a wood opposite Jones' Neck.

In the morning (July 27) the regiment formed in line of battle, moving toward the enemy's works. It was afterward deployed as skirmishers and still farther advanced. While upon this line as skirmishers the regiment was exposed to some shelling and a scattered musketry fire. In the afternoon of the 27th we moved with brigade through the woods about a mile in the direction taken by the enemy, who had evacuated the line he held in the morning. Later in the evening the command was moved hurriedly to the right to meet a threatened attack at that point.

Throughout the 28th and 29th regiment lay quietly in the line. On the night of the 29th it recrossed the James and Appomattox, arriving in front of Petersburg just after daylight July 30. Remained in rear of the Eighteenth Corps line throughout the day, and at dark moved into the camp occupied previous to crossing the James River.

The regiment sustained no loss during the entire movement.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,ALFRED A. RHINEHART,

Captain, 148th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. W. MUFFLY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 4th Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

