
No. 57. Report of Major Edward A. Springsteed, Seventh New York Heavy Artillery.*

FIFTH EPOCH.

Our march to Petersburg occupied three days. Reached the James River at sunset on the 13th [June]. Crossed on the evening of the 14th. Marched two miles and then halted till morning. About noon we resumed our march, arriving in front in front of Petersburg by night-fall. 16th, the regiment is thrown forward and toward evening is ordered to carry a redoubt. The assault was unsuccessful, and the regiment lost heavily. 21st, the regiment, having lain in the trenches under fire, is at length relieved. Sudden orders, however, call them into line again, and we start forward upon a reconnaissance. We march and countermarch some twelve miles and halt in the neighborhood of the Richmond and Danville Railroad. 22d, the regiment was present at the disaster which befell General Barlow's division, and lost considerably in officers and men during the fight.

July 10 [12], the regiment moved to the left and at night acted as support to the cavalry while they cut the Weldon and Danville railroad. 26th, march to Deep Bottom and support the charge upon the enemy's line at Malvern Hill. Return to our position in front of Petersburg on the 31st.

E. A. SPRINGSTEED,

Major Seventh New York Artillery, Commanding.

No. 58. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph M. Murphy, Seventh New York Heavy Artillery, of operations July 26-30.
HDQRS. SEVENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER ARTILLERY,In the Field, near Petersburg, Va., October 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, in compliance with circular from brigade headquarters September 24, 1864, calling for report of operations, that this regiment left camp near Petersburg, Va., July 26, at 5 p. m.; reached Deep Bottom at 2 a. m. on the morning of the 27th; was immediately sent on picket; relieved from picket at 8 a. m., and advanced in line of battle with the Fourth Brigade in an open field, and there held its position until 3 p. m., when the regiment was on fatigue and picket duty until the evening of the 29th of July, when it left for the front of Petersburg, arriving there at daylight on the morning of the 30th.+

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. MURPHY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh New York Artillery, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. WENDEL MUFFLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 418.

+ For continuation of report, see Vol. XLII, Part I.

---------------

