
wear and tear on the division, and to show why it is that troops, which at the commencement of the campaign were equal to almost any under-taking, became toward the end of it unfit for almost any. The effect upon the troops of the loss of such leaders ad Tyler, Webb, Carroll, Baxter, Connor, McKeen, Ramsey, Blaisdell, Coons, Haskell, Porter, Murphy, McMahon, Macy, Curry, Pierce, Abbott, Davis, Curtis, and a host of others, can be truly estimated only by one who has witnessed their conduct in the different battles.

This report, whiten in the midst of active operations, is scarcely more than a general sketch, and must necessarily be very defective from the absence of so many sub-reports and the loss of so many commanders whose information would have served as a guide in awarding credit by special mention to many gallant officers and men, both of those who fell and those who gave survived through this eventful and unexampled campaign. All the sub-reports received are inclosed herewith.

I have to thank the members of my staff for uniform and energetic attention to their duties, and gallant conduct in conveying orders on the field. They are Major J. M. Norvell, assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. H. Embler, Eighty-second New York Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters and aide-de-camp; Captain W. L. Palmer, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, ordnance officer (wounded); Captain William P. Seville, First Delaware Volunteers, assistant topographical engineer; Captain W. Gale, Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, judge-advocate; Lieutenant Edward Moale Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, aide-de-camp.

It these is any one pre-eminently entitled to special mention, it is Captain Embler, Eighty-second New York, who has repeatedly demonstrated his gallantry and soldierly conduct on the field, and as repeatedly been recommended for promotion, but without effect. Surg. J. F. Dyer, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, medical director of the division; Captain G. A. Shallenberger, assistant quartermaster, and Captain T. S. Crombargar, commissary of subsistence, were unremitting in their attention to the duties of their several positions, and the sick, wounded, and well wanted for nothing which their zeal and energy could supply. Captain M. Black, Second Company Minnesota Sharpshooters, provost-marshall, was untiring in the duties of his office on the march and in camp, as well as on the field, where his command lost heavily.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 25, 1864.

COLONEL: In conformity with orders of yesterday from corps headquarters I have the honor to submit the following statement in regard to the large loss of prisoners in my division on the 22nd instant:

The troops of the Third Division gave way in considerable confusion, exposing the left flank of my Second Brigade. The enemy came on in considerable force on its left and a heavy skirmish line in front. As

