
CITY POINT, VA., July 8, 1864-1 p.m.

(Received 5 p.m.)

General Meade reports that a construction train went south from Petersburg this morning, and that the rebel working parties engaged in repairing the Weldon railroad are protected by detachments of cavalry and infantry. General Grant has ordered all of Sheridan's cavalry that are in condition for the work to move out upon that road, supported by the entire Second Corps, and to destroy it thoroughly as far south as Hicksford. They are to move day after to-morrow night. We have the Richmond Examiner of the 7th and 8th, full of fury over Wilson's raid. They complain that Richmond is running short of water owing to the drought. The fisheries have closed for the season, having produced almost nothing, because the Yankee gun-boats were in the way. The depot for prisoners of war at Andersonville, Ga., now contains 30,000, requiring 5,000 soldiers to guard them. All but the wounded have been sent there from Richmond. Another depot has been established farther south,at some place not named.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., July 9, 1864-9 p.m.

(Received 2 p.m.) Burnside, a line of rebel infantry suddenly appeared along the crest of their parapets as if to advance upon our works. They fired a single volley, and received one from the men in our trenches, after which they fell back behind their breast-works. Our troops were all under cover, and we had no losses. The movement seems to have been for the purpose of ascertaining whether we were still there. The Richmond papers have of late abounded in reports that Grant was withdrawing his army. Weather hot; no rain.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Rufus Ingalls, U. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster of Armies operating against Richmond.

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

ARMIES OPERATING, AGAINST RICHMOND, VA.

City Point, Va., August 28, 1864.

GENERAL: *

On the 12th [June] the army began another flank movement, to cross the Chickahominy at Long and Jones' Bridges, over pontoons laid by our engineers, and the James, at Fort Powhatan, another pontoon bridge and to advance rapidly on Petersburg. The trains were conducted by Tunstall's Station on roads to White House and New Kent, thence by Slatersville, Barhamsville, and Diascond, to

Cole's Ferry,

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 276.

---------------

