
then moved forward and joined my right, while the troops to the left were advanced on a line with us. My loss during this engagement was as follows: Killed 2; wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men. Works were thrown up at this point, and my command occupied the right of the Second Corps, resting on the City Point railroad, and connecting with the Second Division of the Sixth Corps. We remained in this position until the evening of the 20th, when we were relieved by a portion of the Sixth Corps, and moved to the left and halted near the Suffolk railroad, where we remained until the p. m. of the 21st, when we moved forward as skirmishers and extended our line in the direction of the Weldon railroad. We met with little opposition from the enemy, and by the morning of the 22nd were stationed in rifle-pits thrown up during the night. On the p. m. of that day Captain McKnight's battery, the Twelfth New York Artillery, on which effect, but the battery still continued its fire until we were flanked on the left, and the enfilading fire of the enemy's forces compelled me to withdraw my command. I did not leave the position, however, until the enemy was fairly upon my left and had taken possession of the battery mentioned. I then withdrew to the cover of the woods and reformed my line and reported to Adjt. General O. A. Williams, First Brigade. I then received orders from General Pierce to deploy my command as skirmishers, and moved forward toward the works lately occupied by our troops. The right of my line soon became engaged with the enemy's skirmishers, and forced them back in rear of their line of battle. This was accomplished, however, with severe loss. Our line of battle then advanced and opened fire before my men could withdraw, consequently some of them were disabled from the fire of our own troops.

On the morning of the 24th we were relieved by a portion of the Fifth Corps, and moved to the left of the Jerusalem plank road, where we dug rifle-pits and remained there until the 25th, when we were relieved by a portion of the Fifth Corps, and marched to the rear and left of the Sixth Corps, where we remained until the 27th, when we were ordered on picket, and relieved a portion of the Sixth Corps. We remained on the left until on or about the 2nd of July, when we removed to our present position, and remained here until the 22d. During this time the men were frequently on fatigue, but did not perform other duties of consequence. We then moved to the rear and left and relieved the colored troops, and remained here until the 22d. During this time the men were frequently on fatigue, but did not perform other duties of consequence. We then moved to the rear and left and relieved the colored troops, and remained in that position until the 26th, when I received orders to hold my command in readiness to march. Left camp on the p. m. of that day and marched to and crossed the Appomattox at Point of Rocks and the James at Jones' Neck on the morning of the 27th. We were immediately formed in line and occupied the rifle-pits. We were then, with the rest of the brigade, advanced to the woods in our front, when I received orders from Colonel Pierce, commanding brigade, to deploy my battalion as skirmishers, my right resting on the left of the Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers and my left on Four-Mile Creek. This I accomplished without loss, although exposed to the fire of their skirmishers, who were concealed behind trees. We were relieved in the evening, and returned to the brigade.

On the 28th moved toward Malvern Hill as a support to General Sheridan, but did not become engaged with the enemy. The next morning returned to or near the point occupied by us on the 27th and threw up earth-works. Marched out of the works that evening and recrossed the James shortly after dark and the Appomattox

