
about midnight, and arrived in front of Petersburg early on the morning of the 30th, where the brigade was masse. Remained here till dark, when we marched to the left and occupied the position which we left on the 26th.

My total loss during the campaign, i. e., since my command was assigned to the brigade,was as follows: Killed, 7 enlisted men; wounded, 25 enlisted men and 1 commissioned officer; missing, 22 enlisted men; making a total loss of 54 enlisted men and 1 commissioned officer, or about one-third of my command.

To my officers I feel deeply indebted for the prompt manner in which all my orders were executed, and to the men too much praise cannot be awarded for their coolness and bravery under fire. Many of these men were new recruits, but they under all circumstances acted like veterans.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. FARWELL,

Captain, Commanding First Battalion Minnesota Infantry.

Captain J. E. CURTISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 63. Reports of Major Timothy O'Brien, One hundred and fifty-second New York Infantry.

HDQRS. 152nd REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

V.

June 12, at 9 p. m. started for the Chickahominy; marched all night. 13th, crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge and bivouacked near Wilcox's Landing, on the James. June 14, crossed the James and landed at Wind-Mill Point; bivouacked about two miles from the landing. 15th, started 11 a. m. for Petersburg; a long and oppressive march. Reached first line of works in front of Petersburg at 1 a. m. 16th. At 5 p. m. advanced one-quarter of a mile and occupied a new position; under fire all night. 18th, at 5 p. m. charged enemy's works and took them; later advanced again and were repulsed. 21st [20th], marched to the left and build breast-works at night, which we occupied the next day. 23rd [22d], rebels turned our left and we were forced to retire to second line; casualties, 50. 24th, relieved by part of the Fifth Corps. 26th, the Second Brigade (General Owen) discontinued, and this command assigned to First Brigade (General Webb).

Early part of July devoted to picket and fatigue duty; not under fire. 16th, slashed timber on the extreme left of our defenses. 21st, cut roads through the woods in rear of Fifth Corps. 26th, 4 p. m. started toward the Appomattox and James, both of which rivers we crossed early on morning of 27th, when we took position on New Market road in front of the enemy's works and build breast-works. 28th, moved to the right and to within ten or twelve miles of Richmond, where we met the rebel skirmishers and constructed more breast-works. Retired at night to within a mile of the James, and dug rifle-pits, which we strengthened the next day (29th) in apparent expecta-

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.442.

---------------

