
tion of the enemy. Recrossed the James after dark, marched very rapidly all night, and took our position at 5 p. m. July 30 in rear of Eighteenth Corps.

T. O'BRIEN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. E. CURTISS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 2nd Army Corps.

JUNE 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the circumstances under which my brigade [the Second] broke yesterday:

About 3 p. m. the enemy began shelling my line and kept it up for one hour. Then I discovered the enemy's skirmishers advancing in front of my left and in front of the brigade of the Third Division which joined my left. I next discovered the enemy moving in force through the woods in front of the Third Division, and immediately men from that division began to run to the rear. I then sent a staff officer to report the fact to Major-General Gibbon. In about ten minutes the enemy advanced in line on my front. I repulsed them twice in great disorder, and would have been able to hold my position had not the enemy forced his way through the Third Division, on my left. Then the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers and One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers filed to the left oblique and were firing in that direction when I went to the right of my line to endeavor to save Captain McKnight's guns. When I reached my right regiment (the Seventy-second Pennsylvania Volunteers) I found them engaged with the ememy in their front. O remained with I was engaged there the enemy occupied the works on my left (which were abandoned by the Third Division) and opened a galling flank fire on my command, and my brigade then began falling back from the left in some disorder. I remained with the Seventy-second Pennsylvania Volunteers until it was fired up from left and rear and that regiment then fell back. I am of the opinion that our corps line was turned near the left of the Third Division, because the first volley we got from the left seemed to have come a great distance. As this report was ordered to be made at once, I have had no opportunity to get any facts or information from regimental commanders; therefore what is stated here came under my own observation

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. O'BRIEN,

Major 152nd New York Volunteers.

Major JOHN M. NORVELL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 64. Report of Colonel John Ramsey, Eighth New Jersey Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 12-16.
HDQRS. EIGHTH BATTALION NEW JERSEY VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., November 28, 1864.

SIR: *

Arrived near the James River on the night of the 13th [June], and bivouacked. On the night of the 14th crossed the river; bivouacked

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.461. The designation of the brigade was changed from the Fourth to the Second June 26.

---------------

