
about two miles and a half from it. On the morning of the 15th resumed our march. Marching in the direction of Petersburg, Va., arrived at the outer line of works of that city, which had been captured same day [by] General Hinks' division of colored troops. We remained behind those works and the Petersburg road until the following evening, the 16th. On that evening three brigades of the corps were selected to make an assault upon the works in front of the city. My brigade was selected to represent the Second Division, and I directed to report to Major General D. B. Birney, he being temporarily in command of the corps. In accordance with instructions from him my brigade was moved in front of the works, deployed into two lines of the battle, One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Volunteers deployed as skirmishers left of skirmish line, and lines of battle resting on the road above mentioned. I moved forward precisely at 6 p. m., the hour indicated, driving in the enemy's pickets until we came in front of their works and under the fire of their line of battle. We emerged from the woods into the field and moved toward the enemy's works, and as far in that direction, and there holding a position in advance of either of the other brigades which participated in the assault. About dark I was wounded. The command then devolved upon Colonel McIvor, One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers.

I have taken occasion to tender my thanks to the following members of my staff for their gallant and faithful service on that occasion: Captain La Motte, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Connolly, aide-de-camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN RAMSEY,

Colonel Eighth Battalion New Jersey Volunteers.

No. 65. Report of Colonel James P. McIvor, One hundred and seventieth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 16-July 14.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

During the fight on the 16th of June, before Petersburg, was again in command of the brigade, Colonel Ramsey having been wounded in the early part of the action. The brigade failed to drive the enemy from their works, but maintained their position about thirty yards from the rebel entrenchments, where, during the night, we threw up breast-works, behind which we remained until the evening of the 17th, when we were relieved; occupied during the night a line of breast-works to the rear. On the following morning (the 18th) was ordered to take possession of the enemy's breast-works, which had been evacuated during the night; was ordered to the support of Colonel Smyth, commanding Third Brigade, from which I was ordered to report to General Mott, commanding Third Division. While under his command was engaged in sup-

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 460.

---------------

