
porting a charge made by one of the brigades of his division. Same evening was ordered to reoccupy the works occupied by us in the morning. On the 19th was relieved of the command of the brigade by Colonel William Blaisdell, of the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers. On the 23d, Colonel Blaisdell having been killed, I again assumed command of the brigade. Shortly after received orders to fall back and construct a breast-work. Same evening moved to the left and occupied a line of works to left and rear of the position occupied in the early part of the day. On the 25th moved to a line of works crossing the Jerusalem plank road, near the Williams house. On the 27th to the left, with Ames' battery, and performed picket duty to the left of the Blackwater road, where said road is crossed by the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad. On the 29th moved back and took position in the works to the front of and near the Jones house. On the 2nd of July shifted a little to the right, where we remained doing picket duty until the night of the 12th, when we destroyed the breast-works, and on the morning of the 13th the brigade went on picket duty in advance of the bridge over the Blackwater and crossing the Jerusalem plank road. On the 14th the regiments (Sixty-ninth and One hundred and sixty-fourth) who had been on duty on the left of road were withdrawn and marched to the rear of the Southall house, where I was relieved of the command by Colonel Mathew Murphy, of the Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery.

Respectfully submitted.

J. P. McIVOR,

Colonel 170th Regiment New York Volunteers.

Captain A. HENRY EMBLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Second Army Corps.

No. 66. Report of Colonel Mathew Murphy, One hundred and eighty-second New York Infantry (Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery), commanding Second Brigade, of operations July 14-30.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS, September 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

I reported for duty again on the 14th of July, 1864, and took command of the Legion and the Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, known as Second Brigade, Second Division, Second Army Corps. Until the 26th of July nothing of note happened. On this latter day we proceeded to Deep Bottom, at which we arrived next morning. This brigade, with the exception of the One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, which regiment was on picket duty, was not engaged with the enemy while at Deep Bottom, and had but one casualty, a man of the One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers wounded seriously. Together with the rest of the division (having returned to our position before Petersburg) we were held in reserve all of the day of the 30th of July. On this latter day there was no loss.

I am, captain, yours, very respectfully,MATHEW MURPHY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. HENRY EMBLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Second Army Corps.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to May 18, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 459.

---------------

