
No. 67. Report of Major John Byrne, One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Infantry.

HDQRS. 155TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

On June 12 the regiment left Cold Harbor, crossed the Chickahominy, and on June 14 crossed the James River.

On June 15 marched toward Petersburg and arrived on the hills in front of the city, one mile and a half distant, and a little to the left of the City Point railroad, at 10 p. m.

On June 16 the regiment was deployed as skirmishers to cover the advance of the brigade in the assault on the enemy's works of this date. The works could not be carried, but a new line was established by throwing up breast-works during the night with tin cups and bayonets, which compelled the enemy to evacuate his on the night of the 17th.

June 17, the regiment was relieved in the evening, and on the 18th were sent to the front as support for the Third Division in their assault on the enemy's works of this date. Were withdrawn and took position in breast-works lately occupied by the enemy.

The regiment on June 22 lay on the Jerusalem plank road near where McKnight's battery was captured by the enemy and the disaster of that day occurred. The regiment, in company with the brigade, was at once ordered to advance through the wood and recapture the guns. Found the enemy behind the breast-works lately held by our troops in strong force. The regiment was met with a galling fire but held their ground, returning the enemy's fire until 11 p. m., when both sides ceased and lay down to rest. At daylight the regiment, with the brigade, charged again and captured the works and a few prisoners, among whom was a rebel captain. The guns, however, wee removed during the night. From that time to the 26th of July the regiment was chiefly engaged on picket duty on the left of the army and resting.

On July 26 marched to Deep Bottom, near Jones' Landing, on the James River, and crossed at daylight. The regiment, in company with the One hundred and seventieth New York State Volunteers, were deployed as skirmishers and advanced on the enemy's works, forming the left of the line, which drove the rebels from their works and captured four guns. The regiment did not encounter any opposition on their front; advanced a mile beyond the works lately held by the enemy and found them strongly posted and fortified in a commanding position. Remained in this position until the evening of 28th, when the regiment moved back toward the river.

On July 29, at 10 p. m., the regiment left Deep Bottom, and by a forced march made the position held by the regiment on the 16th of June, previous to the assault. At daylight on the 30th were ordered to lie down, and were held with other troops in reserve in rear of the Ninth and Eighteenth Corps during the bombardment and assault of the enemy's works of that day.

The regiment suffered in casualties in front of Petersburg to July 30, 2 officers killed and 3 wounded, 16 men killed and 69 wounded.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 13 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.462.

---------------

