
works on the 16th, advanced within fifty yards of the works, held that position, and intrenched during the night, and was relieved on the night of the 17th. On June 21 changed position, marching to the left, and rested near the Jerusalem plank road that night. On the morning of the 22nd took position about half a mile in rear of the works, which were that day taken by the enemy. Remained there intrenching until about 4 p. m., under fire of a rebel battery. Were then moved forward, and at about 5 p. m. charged and attempted to retake the lost works. Advanced to within a few yards of the works and held position there until dark, and entrenched in the night under severe picket-fire. On the morning of the 23rd advanced and occupied the works which the enemy had abandoned. On the evening of the 23rd withdrew a distance of a mile, threw up entrenchments. Remained there until the 25th, when we were moved to the left to occupy the front line, which we did until 3 p. m. of the 27th [26th]; then marched to Deep Bottom.

At 9 p. m. of the 29th returned to the position before Petersburg, and were held in reserve during the operations of that day.

E. M. SPAULDING,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. A. LA MOTTE,

Assistant, Adjutant-General.

No. 72. Report of Colonel Thomas A. Smyth, First Delaware Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,In the Field, August 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

The brigade marched all day June 13 and encamped near Wilcox's Landing about dark. June 14, we crossed James River on transports and encamped at Wind-Mill Point. At 10.30 a. m. June 15 the brigade marched toward Petersburg and about 10 p. m. relieved the troops of the Eighteenth Army Corps. Skirmishing during the 16th. On June 17 I was ordered to report with my command to General Barlow. On June 18 I took position at daylight, and at 4 a. m. advanced upon the enemy's position and discovered that he had fallen back about half a mile. During the day the brigade charged twice. After skirmishing during the 19th and 20th command was relieved and marched to the left about three miles and encamped. At 8 a. m. June 21 the brigade marched and took position on the left of Jerusalem plank road, where we found the enemy to be intrenched; in this position we threw up earth-works. At 3 p. m. June 22 the enemy attacked the troops to our left, turned the flank of the first line, and captured a battery and many prisoners. On the 23rd the enemy vacated the line of works they had captured. On June 24 my command moved to the rear and relieved some of the Fifth Army Corps. We remained in this position until

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 17 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.449.

---------------

