
June 27, when the brigade was deployed to picket the rear of the army, remaining on picket until June 29, when I was ordered to move to the entrenchments of the Sixth Corps.

On July 2 the command moved to the right, and on the 11th commenced tearing down the breast-works in front of them. On July 12 my brigade was on picket and continued on that duty until the morning of July 15, when they were relieved by troops of the Fifth Corps and went into camp near the Southall house. In the evening of the 15th the command marched to Hare's house and commenced to tear down the old rebel works in that vicinity, returning to camp on the morning of the 16th. The brigade remained in camp until July 21, when they were set to work making a covered way in rear of the Fifth Corps entrenchments. On July 22 the brigade moved into the entrenchments previously occupied by Ferrero's division of colonel troops, remaining in these works until July 26, when at 3.30 p. m. the command was massed near corps headquarters, and at 4.25 moved off toward the Appomattox, which river we crossed on pontoons during the night. At daylight on the 27th the brigade crossed the James River and were soon engaged skirmishing with the enemy. On July 28 my command marched to support cavalry, and at dark took up a new position and intrenched. During the night of the 29th we marched back to the vicinity of Petersburg and at daylight were massed in rear of the Fifth Corps. After the explosion of the mine and the failure of the assault on the enemy's works the command returned to camp near the Southall house.

The loss of the brigade during the campaign, including the battle of the Wilderness, when Colonel Carroll was in command, is as follows: Commissioned officers - killed, 22; wounded, 72; missing, 9. Enlisted men - killed, 254; wounded, 1,320; missing, 278. Total number of casualties: Commissioned officers, 103; enlisted men, 1,852; aggregate, 1,955.

The conduct of both officers and men during the campaign has been in every respect unexceptionable.

It is a source of extreme gratification to me to be able to recommend to the major-general commanding the gentleman of my staff for the prompt and efficient manner in which they executed my orders. Their gallantry on the field of battle has seldom been surpassed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. SMYTH,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigadier, Second Div., Second Army Corps.

Captain A. H. EMBLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 73. Report of Colonel Theodore G. Ellis, Fourteenth Connecticut Infantry.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 9, 1864.

GENERAL: *

A little after dark upon the 12th [June] our regiment, with the rest of the corps, left Cold Harbor and commenced our march toward the south side of Richmond. We reached Charles City Court-House, upon the James River, after marching uninterruptedly that night and all the next day and until 10 o'clock in the night of the 14th.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from June 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.458.

---------------

