
next day march toward Petersburg, where the enemy is again in our front, arriving neat that place late in the evening of the 15th. Advance our skirmish line upon the morning of the 16th, driving the skirmishers upward of half a mile and capturing some prisoners. Our los 1 man killed. On the 17th of June we are moved toward the left of the line, with instructions to support General Barlow's division. Construct works in front of the enemy, but toward night are ordered to advance our line still nearer. This was done with good success, a position being occupied not much over fifty yards from the enemy's works. This was held for several hours, until, owing to a failure of other troops upon the left to connect, our brigade was ordered to withdraw. Upon the morning of the 18th of June moved upon the enemy's works farther to the right, but found them deserted, merely a thin skirmish line having been left to check our advance. Wednesday, July 27 [Tuesday, 26th], 1864, received marching orders, and at 3.30 p. m. march toward New Market, on the James River, arriving there upon the following morning, having crossed in our route the Appomattox River at Point of Rocks and the James at Deep Bottom. Upon the 28th of July our division is moved our to support cavalry, but the Fourteenth is not engaged with the enemy. That night are ordered to construct a line of French rifle-pits. At dusk upon the 29th move quietly out of our position and march back toward Petersburg, reaching a point near that place before daylight upon the following morning. July 30, all this day remained massed behind a hill ready to support any attack, if called upon. At night returned to our old camp upon the left and rear of the position held by our army.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BROATCH,

Captain, Commanding.

No. 75. Report of Captain Patrick S. Tinen, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations June 22.*
HDQRS. SIXTY-NINTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,In the Field, near Petersburg, Va., June 29, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers -, dated headquarters Second Division, Second Corps, Army of the Potomac, June 28, 1864, O have the honor to report that my regiment, the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, occupied the extreme left of the Second Division previous to and during the action of 22nd of June, 1864. I would state in reference to the conduct of the regiment on that occasion that they behaved as well as could be expected of any troops. Had the Third Division not abandoned their line without a respectable show of resistance, and thus allowed the enemy to take us in flank and rear, we could have maintained our line. I would furthermore state that there was a grievous blunder committed by some one in the establishment of the line of our brigade, a portion of the One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers being placed nearly at a right angle with the

---------------

* This regiment was transferred from the Second to the Third Brigade June 26.

---------------

25 R R-VOL XL, PT I

