
line of our brigade, thus exposing them to an enfilading fire and leaving a vacancy, equal to their front, in the main line, through which the enemy could readily enter. It was whilst advancing on this position that the enemy was repulsed and driven back to the woods on our left and front by the fire from our line. I would also state that the men of my regiment expended, on an average, thirty-five rounds of ammunition per man, and this not in reckless firing, and, furthermore, it was not until all the troops on my left in confusion to the rear, and until the enemy succeeded in getting on my left and rear and demanded us to surrender, there being no further chance of resistance, I gave the order to my regiment t fall back to the right and rear, which was done in good order.

In conclusion, I desire to say that, as the honor of the regiment and its officers is at stake, in their behalf I respectfully ask and investigation of the conduct of both officers and men on that occasion.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. S. TINEN,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Lieutenant PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 76. Report of Captain John R. Breitenbach, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations June 22.*
HDQRS. 106TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Near Petersburg, Va., June 28, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers -, of this date, I have the honor to make the following statement in relation to the disaster that befell this regiment on the 22nd instant:

On the evening of the 21st instant the regiment, with the entire brigade, was drawn road running at an angle of about 25 degrees in a southwesterly direction from the plank or Jerusalem road. During that night a detail from the regiment was sent out with the brigade pioneers to throw up breast-works. At early dawn next morning the regiment, with the brigade, were moved into the breast-works facing northwardly, changing the front at about a right angle. These breast-works were very defectively constructed and entirely too limited in extent. The result was that my three left companies had to double upon the others in the left and rear, which exposed them all day to the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters. I requested that the One hundred and eighty-fourth Regiment, which was on my left, should give way, but this was not allowed or done. Two companies of the One hundred eighty-fourth were directed to go into the works. This now filled them to the utmost limit on this portion of the line. I now observed that the remainder of this regiment (One hundred and eighty-fourth) was engaged in digging works across the wheat-field in our front and in divergent line of an angle of about 45 degrees. Into this trench the other companies of the One hundred and eighty-fourth were put, and kept until driven out in the

---------------

* This regiment was transferred from the Second to the Third Brigade June 26.

---------------

