
I formed the remnant of the regiment, and with the fragment of the brigade hastily collected together we again advanced and formed line about 250 yards in rear of the breast-works, where we remained until relieved next morning.

The annexed diagram* will exhibit the course of the line of works as explained in this statement.

With the request that this be forwarded to the proper headquarters, I subscribe myself,

Your most obedient servant,

JNumbers R. BREITENBACH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant T. E. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 77. Reports of Brigadier General Gershom Mott, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations June 22 and July 26-30.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, June 24, 1864.

COLONEL: In accordance with circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to report that the cause of the falling back and losing some prisoners by two brigades of this division was occasioned by the giving way of the troops of the First and Second Divisions, respectively, on my left and right, thereby allowing the enemy to get on both flanks and rear. My sharpshooters being well out kept them from advancing on my immediate front. The first intimation of an attack was the troops of the First Division coming in on the left flank en masse, while the Third Brigade was digging rifle-pits, which was so unexpected that the brigade, instead of changing front and checking the enemy, joined in the retreat and fell back to the second line of rifle-pits, the First Brigade following, but the right of it not giving way until the troops of the Second Division, which connected on the right, had fallen back and the enemy had turned the right flank.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. MOTT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 8, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following operations of this division from the 26th to the 30th of July, 1864, in what is called the first Deep Bottom affair:

In accordance with orders from headquarters Second Army Corps, I broke camp at 4 p. m. of the 26th near the Deserted House, and marched about four miles in the direction of City Point. Then turned to the

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

