
left, taking the road leading to Point of Rocks, and crossed the Appomattox on a pontoon bridge at 11 o'clock, continuing the march toward Jones' Neck, on the James River, where we arrived at 2.30 a. m. on the 27th, and massed, halting for about an hour, when we crossed the James River on a pontoon bridge at daylight. Soon after crossing I received orders to take up position on the right of the First Division, throwing out skirmishers and flankers. The Ninety-ninth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers, and the Fortieth New York Volunteers as flankers, to extend the line to the river. I immediately ordered the skirmishers to advance and feel the woods in the front occupied by the enemy, keeping connection with the pickets of the First Division. This line was soon hotly engaged, and was re-enforced by the Seventy-third New York Volunteers and two regiments sent to the large house on the right to hold the position until the arrival of General Sheridan with his cavalry. The Third Brigade deployed, and connecting with the line of the First Division, the Second massed in the rear. The enemy was soon driven back on my left, with a loss of 4 guns, and a rebel battery which opened on my immediate front was soon silenced by my artillery and disappeared through the woods. Orders were now received to advance the line, and immediately the command was moved forward through a large cornfield, situated between the woods we had been occupying and the Malvern Hill road, from which the skirmishers had driven the enemy. Upon arriving at this road orders were received to advance the line of the First Division. The Second Brigade, under Colonel D. Chaplin, First Maine Heavy Artillery, was accordingly sent and went into line on the right, the Third Brigade, Colonel McAllister, was massed in the rear and held as a reserve, the First Brigade, Brigadier-General De Trobriand, forming a strong picket-line from the advance skirmishers to the river. The troops remained in this position until about 3 p. m., when the line was advanced to the New Market road. During the advance of the line the enemy offered very little resistance. At 6.30 orders were received to take up a new line, the left resting on the New Market and Malvern Hill road near the Old Pottery, and running parallel to a road connecting the right flank of the corps, remaining in this position all night.

On the 28th the command was under arms before daylight, and remained in the position taken up the evening previous until about 4.30 p. m., at which time orders were received from the major-general commanding the corps to take up the line of works that were captured from the enemy on the 27th and reserve them, which movement was immediately executed by the Second and Third Brigades, and the work commanded. At 7.30 p. m. I received orders to suspend the work, and as soon as it was dark and the pontoon bridge brushed to proceed to near Petersburg, reporting to the major-general commanding the Eighteenth Army Corps. The bridge being ready at 9 p. m., I recrossed the James River and continued the march to the Appomattox, crossing on the bridge near the Point of Rocks. At this place I was met by an aide-de-camp of Major-General Ord, who conducted me to a point near and in rear of the headquarters of the Eighteenth Corps and Turner's division, of the Tenth Corps, in the rifle-pits, the right resting on the Appomattox River, the left connecting with the Ninth Army Corps.

