
July 30, remained in this position during the day, making frequent demonstrations in the morning on the enemy's line by opening fire with artillery and infantry along my whole front, which was immediately replied to by the enemy, showing that they occupied the work opposite in force. My division was relieved during the evening, and returned to the camp which we left on the 26th instant.

The officers and men behaved well, and particular mention is made of the conduct of the Ninety-ninth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Regiments, under the command of Colonel Biles, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania, for their conduct while advancing as skirmishers on the 27th.

My casualties were 12 enlisted men killed, 5 commissioned officers and 47 enlisted men wounded, and 1 commissioned officer and 7 enlisted men missing, making an aggregate of 72. A nominal list has been forwarded.

I inclose brigade commanders' reports.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Major-General by Brevet.

Major H. H. BINGHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

No. 78. Reports of Brigadier General P. Regis de Trobriand, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, 2nd CORPS, October 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

At 8 p. m. of the 12th of June the brigade again moved to the left, crossing the Richmond and York River Railroad near Dispatch Station at 9 p. m. of the 13th instant, crossing the Chickahominy River at Long Bridge at 12 m., and arriving at the north bank of the James River near Wilcox's Landing at 6 p. m.

At 10 a. m. 14th instant crossed the James River on transports, and massed near the river about two miles above Wilcox' Landing. Remained here for the night, with the Fortieth New York on picket.

At about 10 a. m. 15th instant marched toward Petersburg, and at night bivouacked behind rebel fortifications which had that day been captured from the enemy by the Eighteenth Corps.

On the morning of the 16th instant, at daylight, the enemy opened upon us with their batteries, killing and wounding a considerable number of the brigade. The brigade was at once formed, and an assaulting column, consisting of the Seventeenth Maine and Twentieth Indiana Volunteers, was ordered to charge and take the enemy's works in our front. An advance was made, but the position being one of great strength and held by a large force, it was found impossible to carry it. The line was reformed, and a second attempt, with a larger force, was unsuccessful. The enemy were too strong and their position impregna-

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 468.

---------------

