
River, crossing on pontoon bridge about 3.30 a. m. of the 27th instant, at a point called Deep Bottom. On arriving at the north bank of the James the brigade immediately took position behind a wood near by, with the front and right properly protected by one regiment forming a line of pickets down to the river. Two regiments were sent forward to feel the woods occupied by the enemy and to connect with the First Division, then advancing on our left. The two regiments were soon hotly engaged and another regiment was sent up to their support. At the same time two regiments were sent to hold an important position in and around a house situated on the center of the advanced line, keeping in reserve four regiments. The enemy were soon routed, and the brigade advanced about on mile and a half and formed a strong picket-line, covering the flank of the corps from the left of the main line, keeping in reserve four regiments. The enemy were soon routed, and the brigade advanced about one mile and a half and formed a strong picket-line, covering the flank of the corps from the left of the main line to the river. This position was kept for twenty-four hours, when on the afternoon of the 28th instant the brigade was relieved by General Miles' brigade, of the First Division, and joined the remainder of the division near the pontoon bridge. During the night the brigade marched back to Petersburg and halted in rear of the line of the Eighteenth Corps, near the Appomattox.

On the evening of the 29th the brigade relieved Turner's division, of the Tenth Corps, in the front line near Hare's house, and held that position during the assault following the explosion of a mine on the 30th July.

Much might be said, no doubt, concerning the gallantry and daring acts of many brave officers and soldiers of this brigade, who have given their lives for their country's cause during the eventful campaign, but as justice could not be done I will mention none of them.

This brigade changed commanders three times during the campaign, and its present commander being the fourth, and the present assistant adjutant-general having been lately assigned to this brigade, a full detail of the several positions taken cannot be given with accuracy.

Respectfully submitted

R. DE TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. P. FINKEMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division, Second Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, 2nd CORPS, September 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, in the active operations in the north bank of the James River near Deep Bottom, from the 26th to the 30th of July last:

On Tuesday, the 26th, the brigade broke camp in the afternoon, and by a night march reached Deep Bottom on the 27th at daybreak, crossed the James River on a pontoon bridge, and by 6 o'clock took position behind a wood near by, our front and right properly protected by the Fortieth New York Volunteers, forming a line of pickets down to the river. In compliance with orders from General Mott, commanding division, I soon sent forward the Ninety-ninth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Biles, of the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to feel the woods occupied by the enemy and connect with the First Division, then advanc-

