
ing on our left. Those two regiments were soon hotly engaged, and I had them re-enforced by the Seventy-third New York Volunteers, filling the gap between the right of the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers and the left of the Fortieth New York Volunteers. At the same time I sent the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers and the Second U. S. Sharpshooters to hold an important position in and around a house situated on the center of my advance line, keeping in reserve the Seventeenth Maine Volunteers, Twentieth Indiana, Eighty-sixth and One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers. The enemy was driven back on our left with a loss of 4 guns, and a rebel battery which had opened on my reserve was soon silenced by our artillery and disappeared in the woods. The ninety-ninth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and part of the Seventy-third New York Volunteers, having advanced on the retreating enemy, the balance of the brigade soon followed the movement, and was ordered to form a strong picket-line covering the flank of the corps from the right of our line of battle to the river. This position we kept during twenty-four hours, when on the afternoon of the 28th we were relieved by General Miles' brigade, of the First Division near the pontoon bridge. During the night the division marched back to Petersburg and halted in the rear of the line of the Eighteenth Corps, near the Appomattox.

On the evening of the 29th my brigade relieved Turner's division, of the Tenth Corps, in the front line near Hare's house, and held that position during the assault following the explosion of a mine on the 30th of July.

Respectfully submitted.

R. DE TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain J. P. FINKELMIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

No. 79. Report of Captain Madison M. Cannon, Fortieth New York Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTIETH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLUNTEERS, August 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

FIFTH EPOCH.

At 8 p. m. of the 12th of June the command again moved to the left, crossing the Richmond and York River Railroad near Dispatch Station at 9 a. m. 13th, crossing the Chickahominy River at Long Bridge at 12 m., and arriving at the north bank of the James near Wilcox's Landing at 6 p. m.

At 10 a. m. 14th crossed the James River on transports. As soon as disembarked the regiment was sent on picket. Relieved from picket at 10 a. m. 15th, and joined the brigade en route to Petersburg. Arrived at the first line of defenses near Petersburg at 11 p. m., and bivouacked for the night.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.473.

---------------

