
moved with the brigade and marched rapidly to the James River, crossing on pontoons at 3.30 a. m. on the 27th, at a point called Deep Bottom. On arriving on the north bank of the river the regiment was detailed for picket, and advanced fat enough to cover the division, with the right resting on the river. At 3 p. m. the regiment was withdrawn from the picket-line and rejoined the brigade. At 5 p. m. was again placed on picket, prolonging the brigade line to the river. At 9 a. m. assembled the command and was assigned a position to guard the right flank of the brigade. This position it occupied until 7 p. m., when we recrossed the river and with the brigade move back to the works in front of Petersburg, arriving and massing in rear of the Eighteenth Corps at 4 a. m. 29th. This position we occupied under cover of the woods until dark, when we moved with the brigade to the front, three companies taking position in the front line of works, the remainder of the command having been detailed for picket. This position we occupied until the night of July 30, when the command was relieved by a portion of the Tenth Corps and it returned to its former camp, arriving at 11 p. m.

The loss during this time was 5 officers and 46 men.

The following is a tabulated statement of the losses during the campaign: Killed, 3 officers, 59 men; wounded, 15 officers, 211 men; missing, 3 officers, 79 men; aggregate, 370.

In closing this report I am unable to particularize individuals for distinguished service without doing injustice to others, where all did their duty so well.

Respectfully submitted.

M. M. CANNON,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

[Lieutenant JAMES H. LOCKWOOD.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 80. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Michael W. Burns, Seventy-third New York Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD Regiment NEW YORK STATE VOLS, August 9, 1864.*

The Second Corps, crossing the Chickahominy at Long Bridge and marching steadily on, reached the north bank of the James River on the evening of the 13th [June]. On the morning of the 14th crossed the river of transports, this regiment being the first to land on the south side.

Started for Petersburg the morning of the 15th, arriving at 9 p. m., and taking position on the left of the line, threw up breast-works during the forenoon of the 16th, and in the afternoon relieved three regiments (our men being deployed in single line to do so) in the front line. Remained in that position under a tremendous fire whilst the First Division of the corps charged the enemy's works. Were relieved at dark and rejoined the brigade (Excelsior), when the command moved to the right and threw up breast-

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 503.

---------------

