
from duty with mortars. 2nd, the entire command relieved from the immediate command of the chief of artillery and ordered to report to Major-General Hancock. 3rd, received complimentary order from General Hunt, for the efficiency, skill, and gallantry displayed by the officers and men while under his orders. 4th, received from Colonel Abbot complimentary letter thanking the colonel commanding for the cordial co-operation of the regiment whilst under his orders, and rendering flattering testimony to its gallant conduct in the engagement of July 30. 5th, Companies A and M returned to the regiment from duty on Broadway Landing; Companies H and C relieved from duty with batteries.

JOHN B. VANDE WIELE,

Captain, Commanding Fourth New York Artillery.

ADDENDA.
SPECIAL ORDERS,ARTY. HDQRS., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 100. August 3, 1864.

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 206, paragraph 4, headquarters Army of the Potomac, the Fourth New York Foot Artillery is relieved from duty with the siege train, and the colonel commanding will report to Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, for orders.

In relieving this regiment the brigadier-general directing the siege operation returns his thanks to Colonel Allcock, his officers and men, for the efficiency, skill, and gallantry they have displayed whilst under his orders in the labor and operations in which they have taken part, in the preparation of material, the construction of the works, and in the service of the artillery in the battle of the 30th of July.

By command of General Hunt:

JNumbers N. CRAIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE ARTILLERY,Broadway Landing, Va., August 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS ALLCOCK,

Commanding Fourth New York Artillery:

COLONEL: By direction of Colonel Abbot, I have the honor to transmit herewith Special Orders, No. 100, Artillery Headquarters, Army of the Potomac, August 3, 1864, relieving your regiment from duty with the siege train. The companies (A and M) at these headquarters are ordered to report to you at once. In taking leave of the regiment the colonel commanding desires to thank you for its cordial co-operation during the last few weeks. In preparing the siege batteries it has taken a prominent part, and in serving its guns (six 4 1/2-inch guns, Company H, Captain A. C. Brown commanding, and twelve Coehorn mortars, Companies K and L, Captain S. F. Gould and Second Lieutenant Frank Seymour commanding) it has maintained the reputation well earned by its previous services during the campaign.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. LEARNED,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

