
which position we remained during the day. At dark the same day, in accordance with orders received, the brigade marched to the left and took a position to the left of the City Point railroad in the front line of entrenchments, relieving a portion of the Eighteenth Corps, our right connecting with the left of the Third Brigade and our left with the right of the First Brigade. In the mean time the First U. S. Sharpshooters were assigned to duty pro tem. with the Eighteenth Corps. Joined the command again at 8 p. m., the 30th.

During the assault upon the enemy's works by a portion of the army July 30 this brigade did not become engaged, except by brisk firing from the entrenchments, which was kept up during the day. On the evening of the 30th the brigade was relieved by a part of the Eighteenth Corps and marched to our old position of July 25 on the left of the line.

List of casualties: First U. S. Sharpshooters, 1 killed, 1 wounded, on 30th instant; Fifth Michigan, 1 wounded, on 30th instant; One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania, 2 wounded - 1 on 27th, 1 on 30th instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. PIERCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain JOHN P. FINKELMEIER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Army Corps.

No. 83. Report of Major Nathaniel Shatswell, First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, of operations July 26-30.
HDQRS. FIRST MASSACHUSETTS HEAVY ARTILLERY,Fort Hays, Va., September 25, 1864.

Report of part taken by the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, Major N. Shatswell commanding, in the campaign from July 26, 1864, to July 30, 1864, inclusive:

Broke camp at 5 p. m. July 26, marched toward City Point, diverged to the left near Commissary Station; crossed Appomattox River at Point of Rocks, marched all night, reaching Jones' Landing at 4 a. m. July 27; crossed the James River at Deep Bottom at 5 a. m., and bivouacked. Formed line of battle with brigade at 7 a. m. in woods facing Strawberry Plains. Detached from rest of the brigade, and sent to support skirmish line of the Second Division, under severe fire from rebel batteries. Lay in support of skirmish line until afternoon, and joined rest of brigade, and lay in woods all night. At 11 a. m. July 28 moved to the right and formed line of battle with brigade. At 2 p. m. moved to the left, and build works facing New Market road. Moved out by the right flank at 8 a. m. to James River, crossed pontoon bridge, marched all night, and at daybreak July 29 reached position in rear of Eighteenth Army Corps line, and formed a position; bivouacked all day in woods east of City Point railroad. At dark moved up into front line of works and relieved a portion of Eighteenth Army Corps. We occupied that line during the whole of July 30, keeping up a continual fire on the enemy's works. Were relieved after dark July 30, and moved to the place we occupied July 26, 1864.

Respectfully submitted.

N. SHATSWELL,

Major, Commanding First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery.

