
Numbers 84. Report of Captain Daniel S. Root, Third Michigan Infantry, of operations June 22.
HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT MICHIGAN VET. VOL. INFTY., June 22, 1864.

SIR: With regard to the affair of the 22nd instant, I have the honor to report that in the afternoon of the 21st instant my command was detailed for picket and was posted in the immediate front of the enemy, covering the entire front of our brigade, connecting on the left with the pickets of the Seventh Regiment New Jersey Volunteers (Third Brigade, First Division) and on the right with the Second Brigade, Second Division. During the forenoon of the 22d, my regiment still being on picket, kept up a sharp skirmish fire with the enemy's pickets in our immediate front. About 10 a. m. of the 22nd I reported to the colonel commanding Second Brigade a movement of the enemy toward our left. About 1 p. m. of this day I heard heavy picket-firing at some considerable distance to the left of my line. At this time I noticed no unusual movement of the enemy in my immediate front. My first intimation of the disaster and of the giving way of the picket-line on my left was the appearance of the pickets from my left passing to the rear of my line, closely pursued by the enemy. To prevent capture I immediately withdrew my picket-line and retired to the rifle-pits occupied by the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery. In doing this 19 of my men were taken prisoners. My command remained with the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery until we were again flanked by the enemy on the left, when we retired to the second line of rifle-pits, where I again formed my command.

I herewith submit a correct report of casualties on the 22nd of June, 1864 (the day in question).

Respectfully, your obedient servant,D. S. ROOT,

Captain, Commanding Third Michigan Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Captain MARBLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 85. Report of Colonel John Pulford, Fifth Michigan Infantry, of operations July 26-31.

HDQRS. FIFTH MICHIGAN VET. VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, September 24, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from the 26th of July to the 31st of July inclusive:

On the 26th day of July broke camp before Petersburg and marched all night and crossed to the east side of the James River at Deep Bottom. Formed line of battle and was under artillery fire for about half an hour on the morning of the 27th, and took part in the various movements of the brigade during the day, and in the evening took up the line of march. Marched all night and reached the front of Petersburg about daylight, and bivouacked during the 28th in rear of the

26 R R-VOL XL, PT I

