
Eighteenth Army Corps, and after dusk on the evening of the 29th went to the front and relieved a portion of the Eighteenth Army Corps in the rifle-pits. On the 30th remained in this position and kept up a musketry fire nearly all day. Had 1 man wounded on the 30th by a shell, being the only casualty.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN PULFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. B. TEN EYCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 86. Reports of Major Samuel McConihe, Ninety-third New York Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETY-THIRD Regiment NEW YORK STATE VOLS., August 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 13, moved to Charles City Court-House, crossing the Chickahominy River at Long Bridge, twenty miles. June 14, marched two miles, and crossed the James River at 11 a. m.; continued our march one mile and encamped. June 15, marched eighteenth miles and went into redoubts in front of Petersburg, Va. Regiment went on picket and remained all night. June 16, at sundown made charge, with doubtful results. June 17, moved down Petersburg road half a mile and built advance works. June 18, 4 a. m. brigade charged half a mile over two lines of the enemy's works. At 12 m. charged the enemy's pits unsuccessfully. At 4 p. m. ordered back to the front line. June 19, at 3 a. m. moved forward and built works in the garden at O. P. Hare's house. June 20, moved to the front of the Hare house and built new works. At 11 p. m. was relieved by the Ninth Corps, and moved two miles to the rear and bivouacked. June 21, 10 a. m. crossed Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad one mile and built works. June 22, brigade advanced, took new position on the right half a mile, and, while at work, our right and left were driven in, and at 4 p. m. we retired under heavy shelling. Sundown made charge across corn-field and took position in edge of woods. June 23, relieved, and retired behind works and bivouacked; at 9 a. m. moved into works. June 24, moved half a mile to the rear and built works. June 26, advanced half a mile and built works. June 27, relieved, and went back to old position. June 28, advanced to new line half a mile front and built secure works, and remained in them until 11 p. m. of the 11th of July, when we were ordered to level them. This being done, at daylight on the morning of the 12th the brigade moved out to the left about two miles. On the 13th at sunrise we moved to the right and in the rear of the Fifth Army Corps and encamped. On the morning of the 17th we moved camp about 500 yards. July 23, moved one mile to the left and encamped. July 24, built breast-works. July 26, broke camp at 6 p. m., and moved out by the City Point road, passing by Cedar Level

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 481.

---------------

