
Station; thence taking the road to the Appomattox, crossing that river at 10 p. m.; thence taking the road to Jones' Neck, on the James River, arriving at the river at 2.30 a. m. July 27. At daylight we crossed the James to Deep Bottom on pontoons. Moved down the river-bank about half a mile, and we were in line of battle during the entire day. July 28, this day we were occupied in strengthening our position, and at dark we moved out, recrossed the James, and took the road back to Petersburg. July 29, at daylight we formed ourselves in rear of the position occupied by the Eighteenth Corps in front of Petersburg; were halted in mass and remained in that position until 7.30 p. m., when we moved up to the line occupied by the Eighteenth Corps, and were placed in the entrenchments in the front line and immediately in front of the Hare house. At 10 p. m. received orders that at 2 a. m. on the morning of the 30th the whole command was to be under arms, and if any unusual sound was heard on our left that would cause the rebels to raise their heads above their works we were to keep them down. At 4.30 a. m. the explosion took place, and from that time during the entire day there was constant firing between the pickets. At 10 p. m. we were relieved by the Eighteenth Corps and moved back to our old position on the left flank of the army, arriving at that place at 2 a. m. of the morning of the 31st of July. During these operations we sustained a loss of 3 commissioned officers wounded, 5 enlisted men killed, 14 enlisted men wounded, and 13 enlisted men missing, and aggregate of casualties of 3 officers and 32 enlisted men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL McCONIHE,

Major Ninety-third New York Veteran Volunteers, Commanding Regiment

Captain F. E. MARBLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 2nd Army Corps.
HDQRS. NINETY-THIRD NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS., June 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance to orders just received I would respectfully report the affair of the 22nd instant as follows:

The regiment was engaged in building breast-works in the woods on the advance line, the enemy the while keeping up a brisk skirmish fire and shelling along our whole line; the works were near completion when sharp vollies of musketry were heard on our left and rear and in a few moments the First Division, Second Army Corps, came running down through us and in a line parallel to our works. The regiment was held in position until all on its left had given away, though some of its number had undoubtedly joined with the throng. Then finding the enemy pouring in upon our rear and flank the regiment fell back to the second line of works without confusion or disorganization. In this affair we ascertained that 2 officers and 4 men were wounded and 9 men were missing. Of the latter from the best information we can get 3 were probably killed and 3 wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,SAMUEL McCONIHE,

Major Ninety-third New York Veteran Volunteers, Commanding Regiment

Captain MARBLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 2nd Army Corps.

