
87.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Neeper, Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTY-SEVENTH Regiment PENN. VETERAN VOLS., August 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 12, 10 p. m., moved out by the left flank, marched across the Peninsula, crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge, arrived on the banks of the James River near Douthat's Landing. Crossed the river June 14, moved up the river about two miles and formed line of battle.

June 15, 11 a. m., took up line of march toward Petersburg, arrived within two miles at 11 p. m., relieved the colored troops which had been engaged during the day.

June 16, moved down into a hollow in rear of the skirmish line, formed part of the line of battle was to assault the enemy's works in front of Petersburg. The Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers joined us on our right and the First Regiment Massachusetts Heavy Artillery on our left. We moved forward, driving the rebel skirmishers before us across a ravine, through an old camp, and finally into earth-works. Our men fought well, repeatedly advancing and falling back. Our force was insufficient to scale the works. After swaying back and forth until 9 p. m., threw up a work under a heavy fire from the enemy and lay down behind it; 11 p. m. was relieved and moved back to the ground occupied the previous a. m.

June 17, 10 a. m., moved down the Petersburg road to the right in a hollow in rear of our first line of breast-works. At dusk, with the balance of the brigade, relieved the picket-line with line of battle. The enemy in front of us opened a heavy musketry fire from their works, which was not more than ten rods distant. The fire was returned briskly by our men. We then threw up breast-works during the night.

June 18, were ordered to charge the enemy's works; did so and found the works evacuated. Pushed forward, met the line of skirmishers, drove them back to the main work on the south side of the Petersburg road. A hot fire was opened upon us from this newly-discovered work. The road and its embankments afforded us good protection. 12 m. another charge was ordered, which for some reason was not carried out.

June 19, 11 p. m., pushed forward, threw up a new line of earth-works extending across the open field in front of the Hare house.

June 20, under a brisk fire from the enemy's sharpshooters all day. At 11 p. m. was relieved by the Ninth Corps and taken to the rear.

June 21, marched to the extreme left; our corps joined the Eighteenth Corps on the left, and threw up breast-works.

June 22, advanced three-quarters of a mile beyond our works; skirmished with the enemy. Our extreme left flank was turned by the enemy. Before we became aware of our situation was fired upon from our left and rear. We were compelled to fall back to the line of works built the previous night and remained there until June 28. We were moved out, established a new line, and built breast-works.

June 29, laid out our camp and remained quietly behind our works until about July 10. Was aroused at midnight, ordered to level our

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 482.

---------------

