
works without noise, and be ready to move. Having accomplished this, at daybreak moved out to the right and encamped in the rear of the Fifth Corps. Remained in this vicinity until July 26. Received orders to be ready to move at 5 p. m.; took up line of march, crossed the Appomattox River at Point of Rocks; arrived on the banks of the James River at daybreak.

July 27, crossed over to the north side at Deep Bottom; halted for one hour; then formed line of battle, the skirmishers then being engaged with the enemy in the edge of the woods about half a mile distant; were ordered out as a support; advanced out through a ravine until within five or six rods of the skirmishers, where we remained until about 2 p. m. The enemy having fallen back we formed in line of battle along the edge of the woods; changed position several times during the day; finally got into position near and parallel with the New Market road; remained in this position until 3 p. m. July 28; were then moved back along the road about half a mile and threw up rifle-pits; got them completed at sundown; received orders to move; took up line of march shortly after dark; recrossed the James and Appomattox Rivers; marched all night. At daybreak July 29 arrived in rear of the Eighteenth Corps; filed into a pine woods; remained there until after dark; took up line of march to the front, took position in the trenches, relieving part of the Eighteenth Corps, our left joining on the right of the Ninth Corps. At 3 a. m. July 30 the bombardment commenced. We were ordered to keep up a fire of musketry to prevent the enemy's sharpshooters from picking off the gunners; were engaged in this way all day until a severe shelling and musketry fire. At 10 p. m. were relieved by the Eighteenth Corps and marched back to our old camp in rear of Fifth Corps.

Lost in fifth epoch: Captain J. R. Lyons, Company A, wounded in arm by gunshot (severe); Adjt. C. M. Lyons, mortally wounded in head; First Lieutenant J. F. Ruger, Company F, missing; Second Lieutenant H. M. Adams, killed; 2 enlisted men killed, 15 enlisted men wounded; 8 enlisted men missing.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. B. NEEPER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

[Captain F. E. MARBLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

HDQRS. FIFTY-SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS., September 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, dated September 24, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 26th of July, about noon, we received orders to be ready to move. At 5 p. m. took up line of march; crossed the Appomattox River at Point of Rocks, and arrived on the banks of the James River at daylight. July 27, crossed over to the north side at Deep Bottom; halted for one hour for breakfast; then formed line of battle, the skirmishers being engaged with the enemy in the edge of a woods about half a mile distant. We were ordered out as a support, and advanced through a ravine, the enemy shelling us furiously for a short time, until within five or six rods of the skirmishers, where we remained until about 2 p. m., the enemy having fallen back. We formed part of a line of bat-

