
the along the edge of the woods, changed position several times during the day, and finally formed a line parallel with and near the New Market road, where we remained during the night and until about 3 p. m. July 28, when we moved back along the New Market road about half a mile and threw up breast-works. At dark received orders to move. At about 9 p. m. took up line of march and recrossed the James and Appomattox Rivers. At daybreak arrived in rear of the Eighteenth Corps, where we remained all day July 29 until dark, and moved out into the breast-works, relieving part of the Eighteenth Corps. At about 3 a. m. July 30 the bombardment commenced and from that time until we were relieved (after dark) we were under a hot shelling and musketry fire from the enemy. We also kept up a steady fire during the day.

During this period no casualties occurred in this regiment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. NEEPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. B. TEN EYCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 88. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel George Zinn, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FOURTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., August 7, 1864.

SIR: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

[June] 12th to 15th, marched to and across the James River, crossing the Chickahominy at Long Bridge and the James at Wilcox's Landing. 15th, marched to the outer line of the enemy's works in front of Petersburg, which had this day, been carried by the colored troops; took position on the left of the Eighteenth Corps. 16th and 21st, was engaged with the enemy, losing 2 officers and 23 enlisted men-3 enlisted men were killed and 2 commissioned officers and 20 enlisted men wounded. 21st to 26th, was lying in front of Petersburg, engaged in picket and fatigue duty. July 26, marched toward the James River, crossing the Appomattox at Point of Rocks and the James at Deep Bottom. Skirmished with the enemy on the 27th and 28th; recrossed the James on the evening of the 28th, and the Appomattox the same night. Relieved the Eighteenth Corps on the 29th, and was relieved by the Eighteenth Corps on the night of the 30th, and returned to our old camp.

Total loss, 9 commissioned officers and 136 enlisted men-8 commissioned officers wounded, 1 commissioned officer missing, 21 enlisted men killed, 112 enlisted men wounded, and 3 enlisted men missing.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,GEORGE ZINN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Regiment

Captain F. E. MARBLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 506.

---------------

