HDQRS. EIGHTY-FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, September 25, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular of the 24th instant, I have the honor to submit the following statement of the part taken by this command from the 26th to the 31st of July, 1864, inclusive:

About 5 o'clock on the afternoon of the 26th this regiment, in conjunction with the Second Brigade, took our line of march from camp on the left of the army in front of Petersburg, Va., for the north bank of the James River. Crossed the Appomattox River at Point of Rocks about 1 a. m. on the 27th, and the James at Deep Bottom at daybreak. Here we formed line of battle and advanced about one mile and a half in a northeasterly direction, where we halted and remained during the night. On the morning of the 28th moved a short distance to the left and threw up breast-works. About dark we withdrew, recrossed the James, and marched toward the left of our lines, halting in rear of the Eighteenth Corps about sunrise on the morning of the 29th. At dark we advanced to and occupied the front line of works, relieving a part of the Eighteenth Corps. Remained here until the evening of the 30th, when we were relieved, and marched to our old camp, arriving there on the morning of the 31st.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,GEORGE ZINN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. B. TEN EYCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 89. Report of Captain John C. Conser, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations July 26-30.

HDQRS. 105TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS., Near Petersburg, Va., September 24, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps, dated September 24, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations from July 26, 1864, to July 30, inclusive:

Having complied with all preparatory orders the regiment moved with the brigade at a short time before dark on the evening of July 26, marched all night, and crossed James River at Deep Bottom, Va., at daylight on the morning of the 27th. After halting a short time between the grove of timber to the left of the Burnt Chimneys and the river the regiment again moved with the brigade and formed line of battle in grove before mentioned. Here one man was wounded by a piece of shell from one of the enemy's guns. After remaining in line a short time we again moved off by the right flank and formed line under cover of hill near the river road, as a support for the line of skirmishers who were then some 200 yards in advance. We soon after moved off by the left flank and again formed line of battle in the margin of woods parallel with road before mentioned. Position was changed several times during the remainder of the day, but nothing of importance transpired, and at night the regiment bivouacked with the brigade in the pine grove near aforesaid road.

