
On the morning of the 28th the regiment moved with the brigade by the left flank in the direction of the enemy. Halted and formed line, remained a short time, when we again changed position. We were kept constantly on the move until 4 p. m., when we were ordered to erect works on the south side of the river road; after having them well nigh completed we received orders to turn over the intrenching tools and prepare to move. At 8 p. m. the regiment moved with the brigade and recrossed the James River. Marched all night, halting only at short intervals to refresh the men. Crossed the Appomattox and halted in rear of the Eighteenth Corps, in front of Petersburg, at 4 a. m. on the morning of the 29th. Here we remained during the entire day and at dusk moved with the brigade to the front and relieved the One hundred and forty-eighth New York Volunteers, of the Eighteenth Corps. Here we remained until the evening of the 30th. During that day we were severely shelled, but only one man was wounded. Shortly after dark we were relieved by the Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, and returned to our former camp.

The casualties in the regiment during the entire operations were 2 enlisted men wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

J. C. CONSER,

Captain, Commanding 105th Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Captain J. B. TEN EYCK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier 3 Div., 2nd Army Corps.

Numbers 90. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Casper W. Tyler, One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. 141ST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, August 27, 1864.

SIR: *

On the night of the 12th day of June the One hundred and forty-first Regiment left the front line of works at or near Cold Harbor, acting as rear guard for the division. Marched during the 13th, 14th, and 15th, arriving near Petersburg, Va., south of the James River, on the night of the 15th.

During the 16th and 17th we frequently changed position and were under fire. Colonel Madill took command of the brigade on the morning of the 16th, the command of the regiment again falling upon Lieutenant Colonel G. H. Watkins.

Early on the morning of the 18th the One hundred and forty-first advanced in line of battle (the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers on our right and One hundred and twenty-fourth New York on our left), Captain B. M. Peck having been sent out with two companies as skirmishers. Advanced over the enemy's works, finding that he had abandoned them during the night. Advanced through a strip of woods until we emerged into an open field, when we encountered the enemy's sharpshooters. Here received orders to build works. Soon after completing the line of works moved by the right flank a short distance, massing with the brigade, the One hundred and forty-first in the rear

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 476.

---------------

