
For the reserve artillery ammunition of twenty rounds to each gun in the armies, the number of wagons allowed will be obtained as follows; multiply the number of 12-pounders by 20 and divide by 112, and the number of rifled guns by 20 and divide by 140.

For every 1,000 men present, armed and equipped for duty, of cavalry, infantry, and heavy artillery, for small-arm ammunition, three wagons.

For carrying fuses, powder, and primers, with the reserve artillery ammunition train, two wagons.

11. For the general supply train: to each 1,000 men, cavalry, infantry, and heavy artillery, for forage, subsistence, &amp;c., seven wagons, sufficient to carry eight days' supply; to each cavalry division, exclusively for forage, fifty wagons; to each battery, for its proportion of subsistence, forage, &c., four wagons; to each horse battery, for the same purpose, four wagons; to every twenty-five wagons of artillery ammunition train, five wagons additional for the forage of the animals of the ammunition and additional wagons, baggage, camp equipage and subsistence of wagon-masters and teamsters. Ammunition trains will be loaded with ammunition exclusively, so far as practicable. The baggage of the drivers will be carried in the additional wagons allowed for that purpose.

To each brigade of cavalry, infantry, and artillery, of not less than 1,500 men, for hospital supplies, three wagons; for every 1,000 men additional, one wagon.

To each army corps, except the cavalry, for intrenching tools, eight wagons.

To each army corps headquarters, for subsistence, forage, and other stores not provided for herein, three wagons.

To each division headquarters, for similar purposes, two wagons.

To each brigade headquarters, for similar purposes, one wagon.

To each brigade of cavalry, infantry, and artillery, for commissary stores for sale to officers, one wagon.

For the ambulance train of each division, two wagons; for the ambulance train of an independent command less than a division, batteries excepted one wagon.

To each division of cavalry and infantry, for armorers' tools, parts of muskets, extra arms, and accouterments, one wagon.

It is expected that each ambulance and wagon, except those of the artillery ammunition train, will carry the necessary forage for its own team.

12. The unit of organization for the supply trains of subsistence, ordnance, and forage will be by division. Division quartermasters will be responsible for them. Brigade quartermasters will be responsible for the brigade baggage trains. Regimental quartermasters will be responsible for the regimental public property and baggage.

Quartermasters will attend in person to the drawing of necessary supplies at depots, and will habitually accompany their trains on marches.

13. If corps, divisions, or brigade commanders take their guards or escort from command already furnished with the full allowance of transportation a corresponding amount should be taken by them to headquarters; but if they have not been provided for at all then a proper number of wagons will be transferred by the depot quartermaster, on the requisition of the chief quartermaster, certified to and approved by the commanding general.

14. As a rule, quartermaster and commissary sergeants will not be allowed to ride public horses, nor will citizen or soldier clerks, except on the written order of a corps or other independent commander setting forth the necessity.

15. It has been shown by experience that the advantage of keeping up regularly organized pack trains is not commensurate with the expense.

Two hundred pack-saddles will be carried in the wagon train of each corps. Whenever it becomes necessary to pack officers' baggage, provisions, or ammunition for short distances, over rough roads and broken country, pack trains will be made up temporarily by taking mules from the wagons, not to exceed two to any one wagon. There will be allowed to each corps fifty extra mules to supply losses on the march and for use in packing.

16. In the armies operating against Richmond the maximum allowance of forage per day will be, for horses ten pounds hay and fourteen pounds grain; for mules ten pounds hay and eleven pounds grain; and when short forage only can be provided the allowance will be, for horses fifteen pounds, for mules thirteen. On a march, however, the forage ration will be only ten pounds grain.

17. A report of all property captured from the enemy or seized for the public service will be made monthly to the chief of the department at these headquarters to which it appertains.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

