
and forty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers transferred, by order of Brigadier-General Mott, commanding Third Division, Second Army Corps. After joining the Second Brigade nothing worthy of mention occurred. With the brigade recrossed the James River after dark of the same day, and arrived near Petersburg at daylight on the morning of the 29th of July, A. D. 1864, where the brigade was massed. Remained here during the day, and after dark relieved a portion of the Eighteenth Corps in the first line of works. Remained in these works during the 30th, and after dark returned to camp formerly occupied by the Second Brigade, in the rear of the Deserted House.

I would respectfully submit the above report of the operations of the One hundred and forty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, during five days ending July 30, A. D. 1864.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. TYLER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 141st Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain J. B. TEN EYCK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 2nd Army Corps.

Numbers 91. Report of Captain John Wilson, First U. S. Sharpshooters.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST REGIMENT U. S. SHARPSHOOTERS, Near Petersburg, Va., August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

From June 16 until June 21 the regiment was employed daily on the advanced lines of the First and Third Divisions of this corps at Petersburg, occupying the most suitable place for sharpshooters. On the 18th from the Hare house and grounds in that vicinity the regiment effectually silenced two pieces of the enemy's artillery and affording great protection to our battery, which was ordered into position at that point. Our loss during this time was 6 killed and 26 wounded, including 1 officer. On the 21st of June the corps moved into position on the left of the line. In a skirmish on the 22nd had 2 killed and 3 wounded. From this time until the 26th of July the regiment rested quietly in camp near our present quarters.

On the 26th of July the regiment marched to the north side of the James River, remaining there until the 28th, when we recrossed and marched to the rear of the Eighteenth Corps. The evening of the 29th moved up into the works, relieving a portion of Ord's command, staying in this position until the night of the 30th, when we were relieved and returned to our old and present quarters. Our loss on the 30th was 1 killed and 1 wounded.

Much credit is due the officers and men of this command for the promptness with which every movement has been executed. Those that have fallen we refer to with respect, love, and admiration. Those that have survived are conscious of having performed their duty and a rich reward awaits them.

Respectfully submitted.

JNumbers WILSON,Captain, Commanding First U. S. Sharpshooters.

[Captain F. E. MARBLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 485.

---------------

