
too much. Major Willian, of General Mott's staff, pointed out the line. I was formed in two angles, the continuation of General Gibbon's line north and south. On this angle I had a large portion or nearly all the First Massachusetts; the balance of the brigade was on the east and west lines. In building these works we suffered much from the enemy's fire, both artillery and musketry. Near the knoll we had to dig rifle-pits in the ground with pick and spade; we could not chop or drive a stake. My headquarters were close up to the east and west angle. We heard heavy firing on our left; supposed it to be General Barlow advancing his line; very soon it came nearer to us. I called my men to attention. Very soon a retreating mass of the First Division came running along in my rear, with the rebels on their flank and rear. I could not fire on account of our men. The rebels poured in on my flank after the Third Brigade had left, as well as my front. I could do nothing but fall back to a continuance of the north and south line. Here I made a stand and formed, rallying all men I could get. I wished to protect the First Massachusetts. The retreating masses came on and would not stop. Here I remained until I found the Massachusetts regiment of my own brigade had given way, and from them had learned that General Gibbon's left had given way before they did, and that the enemy had possession of our pits. I have nothing left but to fall back to the first line, which I did. The officer commanding First Massachusetts substantiates the above facts in his regiment. Had I have held my brigade any longer the result would have been a large capture on the part of the enemy. They advanced not only in our rear and flank but also in our front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS, June 26, 1864.

Lieutenant W. P. SHREVE,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Corps:

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with communication from headquarters Third Division, Second Corps, of this date, I have the honor to transmit herewith regimental reports of the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers and First Maine Heavy Artillery.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Colonel Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MAINE HEAVY ARTILLERY, In Front of Petersburg, Va., June 26, 1864.

Lieutenant W. J. RUSLING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In compliance with orders from division headquarters I have the honor to report that two of the colors of this regiment were lost on Wednesday, 22nd instant, in the falling back from the attempt to establish a line of works in advance of that before and now held. As near as I can ascertain all of our colors reached the works held by Gibbon's divis-

