
[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, June 27, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

I would state that the color bearer as well as forty-four other men were taken prisoners with the colors.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,T. C. THOMPSON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS, June 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

R. McALLISTER,Colonel Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 25, 1864.

ASST. ADJT. General, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS:

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to instructions from headquarters Third Division, Second Army Corps, of this date, I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by my command in the affair of the 22nd instant:

On the morning of that day my command was ordered to advance to the woods in my front and form connection with the Second Brigade of this division on their left. As soon as Colonel McAllister, commanding Second Brigade of this division formed his line, I made the connection at a point marked A on the diagram* inclosed, my left resting at a point marked B. As soon as the brigade was in position it commenced to intrench, but had made but little progress when a heavy fire was opened upon my left on the position occupied by the First Division of this corps, occasionally a few shots coming from the rear. In a few minutes the troops of the First Division came en masse, crowding by the rear of my line saying that the enemy were in their rear. My command was immediately formed and prepared for an attack, when the enemy poured a volley of musketry directly in rear of my line. The command was immediately faced about, but the troops coming from our left in great disorder carried my command with them. They moved to the right and rallied behind the breast-works at a point marked C. They remained here for a short time, when the enemy came upon them from the left and opened fire on the works from the left and rear. Here is where the most of the prisoners taken from my command were captured, they remaining in the entrenchments until the enemy were upon them and escape was impossible.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CHAPLIN,

Colonel First Maine Artillery, Commanding Brigade.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

