
Numbers 93. Report of Major Charles C. Rivers, Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry, of operations July 26-31.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH BATTALION MASSACHUSETTS VOLS., October 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from headquarters Third Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps, dated October 6, 1864, I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of this command during the campaign to Deep Bottom from the time we broke camp until our return:

At 5 p. m. on the 26th day of July, 1864, the command broke camp, and after a severe march bivouacked within one mile of the James River. At daylight on the morning of the 27th instant we crossed the river and moved out to the front of the position occupied by General Foster's forces, halted in an open field, and after remaining here about an hour were moved into a small piece of woods a little in our front. Shortly after getting into line the enemy opened a battery in our front and for a short time they shelled the woods with great vigor, but without inflicting any casualties in the battalion. About 10 a. m. we moved out in line of battle and crossed the open field in our front to the road which was held by the enemy early in the morning; remained in the vicinity until late in the afternoon, when we moved to the front and right of our position during the day. We remained here in front of the enemy's works until late in the afternoon of the 28th, when orders to move were received; moved back some distance and took up a new line running parallel with the road held by the enemy during the morning of the 27th. Commenced to turn the enemy's works so as to face in the opposite direction. At 8 p. m. orders to suspend operations on the works were received. At 8.30 p. m. moved out and recrossed the James River, marched to that part of the line in front of Petersburg held by the Eighteenth Corps, and bivouacked. Remained here until the night of the 29th, when we marched out to relieve a portion of the Eighteenth Corps in the advance trenches. Remained in the trenches during the operations of the 30th instant. During that day the enemy kept up a constant fire of musketry and artillery, and succeeded in wounding one man by a fragment of a shell. On the night of the 30th we were relieved by a portion of the Eighteenth Corps and returned to our former camp, where we arrived at 1 a. m. on the 31st instant.

CHAS. C. RIVERS,Major, Commanding Battalion.

Captain THOMAS H. DUNHAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Div., 2nd Corps.

Numbers 94. Report of Captain Thomas C. Godfrey, Fifth New Jersey Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Petersburg, Va., August 9, 1864.

GENERAL: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 14, crossed the James River from Wilcox's Landing to Wind-Mill Point, and after marching some two miles bivouacked for the night.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 13, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 496.

---------------

