
I took command on the 18th of June, and since that time I have endeavored to enforce discipline and make this regiment maintain its former high reputation, and although reduced to meager numbers, the pride of the brigade and an honor to the State and themselves.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. GODFREY,

Captain, Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 95. Reports of Captain Thomas C. Thompson, Seventh New Jersey Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Near Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

SIR: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

The march across the Chickahominy and the James, and the operations in front of Petersburg up to July 30, 1864.

Reaching Charles City Cross-Roads the march was continued in direction of the Chickahominy River, arriving and crossing that stream about 3 p. m. [June 13]. Still pressing on, after marching until 8 p. m., found the brigade in camp within three miles of the James River. On the morning of June 14 moved down to the banks of the river at Wilcox's Landing, and there remained until 4 p. m., when crossed on a steamer and landed at Wind-Mill Point. Proceeding about three miles from this locality I halted and camped for the night. Resuming our march on the morning of June 15, midnight found the regiment beside the rebel entrenchments before Petersburg, which were captured during the day by the negro troops.

The greater part of June 16 was occupied in changing the front of the captured works, and about 6 p. m., pursuant to orders, line of battle was formed inside of the works, on the

------

road, the Sixth New Jersey being on the regiment's right and the Fifth New Jersey on the left of the regiment. A line of battle advanced 300 yards ahead, drove in the pickets of the enemy, and then veering to the right crossed the road and left the way open for Major Cooper to advance, the regiment quickly joining with the Sixth New Jersey, which, at one time, from some unknown cause, became detached from the right. Major Cooper ordered the command forward, and while under a severe fire of the enemy succeeded in crossing the ravine in our front, and taking a secure position within a short distance of the rebel entrenchments. Here a small rifle-pit was thrown up, and early on the morning of the 17th received orders to fall back across the ravine to the adjacent hill, leaving a small detachment to hold the line. I am pained to report

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 13, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 498.

---------------

27 R R-VOL XL, PT I

