
that on the afternoon of the 16th Captain Mullery, a brave and accomplished officer, was mortally wounded while in the act of cheering on his men.

Remained idle during the greater part of the 17th, and at night moved to the right of the road and there remained all night. During the night the enemy abandoned the line of works in front and fell back to another line beyond the old State road. At daylight on the 18th, when their retreat was discovered, the regiment joined in the advance, and upon arriving beside the road halted and erected a small rifle-pit. No movement of consequence took place during the day until about 4 p. m., the brigade having massed by the roadside, just to the right of the O. P. Hare house, when an attempt was made to carry the enemy's rifle-pits, but was repulsed. The First Maine Heavy Artillery lead the column, the Sixteenth Massachusetts following, and this regiment behind the latter regiment. The Sixteenth Massachusetts failed to follow the First Maine, whereupon Major Cooper ordered the regiment forward, but not being properly supported did not advance beyond the Hare house. After the failure of this charge the brigade was withdrawn to the rear.

On the morning of June 19 Major Cooper, who throughout the campaign had ably commanded the regiment, was disabled by a wound in his ankle, received while performing the duty of division officer of the day. Being the senior officer present, I assumed command of the regiment.

On the 20th I marched to the left, and on the 21st joined in the reconnaissance beyond our left flank. Upon returning and being assigned a position on the right of the Second Division of the Second Corps, I entrenched my front, and on the morning of the 22nd advanced with the brigade, halting a short distance from the enemy's works. After being furnished with intrenching tools I began to strengthen my position. My right joined the left of the Sixteenth Massachusetts, and my left connected with a regiment of the First Division, the whole of which division, I believe, being the left of the line of battle. While engaged at work in the trenches the enemy attacked the left flank of the First Division, which gave way and retreated past my command in great disorder. Shortly after the left gave way I was informed by several of my officers that there were no troops upon my right, and finding that to remain was certain capture, I ordered my command to fall back. Following along the line of earth-works, I halted and rallied a portion of my command, but finding the confusion so great that a stand would be useless I again ordered a retreat. Amid the confusion incident to the occasion the colors by some means became separated, and upon regaining our main works I learned that the national colors, 2 officers, and some 40 enlisted men were missing. It is supposed that the color bearer, when retreating, as well as officers and men, took the wrong direction and fell into the enemy's hands. I trust that the loss of the colors will not be considered discreditable to the reputation of the regiment and that the loss will be attributed more to accident than to any other cause.

On the 23rd of June I was assigned a place in the line of entrenchments, which I occupied until the 11th of July, when that portion of the line was abandoned. Encamping in rear of the Fifth Corps, no notable event (if I except the fatigue duty at the front) occurred until the night of July 26, when with the brigade I marched toward the James River, crossing the Appomattox at midnight and the James early on the morning of the 27th. When in the vicinity of Deep Bottom Creek

