
line of battle was formed in a piece of wood, my right joining the Sixth New Jersey and my left the Eleventh New Jersey. The enemy slightly annoyed us with a battery, but it was of short duration. While in this locality my command was not engaged in battle, and on the night of July 28 I recrossed the James and Appomattox, arriving and halting in rear of the Eighteenth Corps at daybreak July 29. At night I occupied a portion of the line of breast-works in front of the city, on the left bank of the Appomattox, where I remained until the night of July 30, 1864, when on being relieved I returned to the camp which I occupied previous to the movement across the James on the 26th.

My loss during the campaign is as follows: Commissioned officers-killed, 2; wounded, 10; missing, 2. Enlisted men-killed, 10; wounded, 88; missing, 56. Making an aggregate loss of 168.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. THOMPSON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Fort Davis, near Petersburg, Va., October 6, 1864.

SIR: In conformity with circular from brigade headquarters of this date, I have the honor to make the following report in reference to the operations of this regiment in the first Deep Bottom campaign, from July 26 to July 29, 1864, inclusive, I being at that time in command:

Broke camp near Jerusalem plank road on the evening of July 26; crossed the Appomattox that night and the James River at daybreak on the following morning. Formed line of battle along the edge of a wood skirting Strawberry Plains, Sixth New Jersey being on my right and the Eleventh New Jersey joining me on the left. Here the enemy opened fire from a battery but injured none of my command. After considerable maneuvering finally were placed in position in a large wood in front of the enemy's works, where I remained until the night of July 28, when the line of march was again taken up. Recrossing the James and Appomattox I arrived in vicinity of Petersburg at daylight on the morning of July 29, and halted in rear of the Eighteenth Corps, where I remained until dark, when I was assigned position in the entrenchments near the Appomattox, there remaining until the night of July 30, when, upon being relieved, returned to the old camp near the Jerusalem plank road. No casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,THOMAS C. THOMPSON,

Captain, Seventh New Jersey Volunteers.

ASST. ADJT. General, THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS.

Numbers 96. Report of Major Virgil M. Healy, Eighth New Jersey Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated August 5, 1864, I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this regiment during the fifth epoch of the

