
Chief quartermasters of corps and other independent commands will at once take measures to have these orders complied with, so far as in the power of the quartermaster's department.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster of

Armies operating against Richmond.

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND, VA.,

City Point, Va., September 1, 1864.

GENERAL: I desire to add to my annual report, just rendered, that I have always co-operated to the fullest degree with the medical directors and other medical officers of the Army of the Potomac and that of General Butler's. They have very frequently conferred with me as to what assistance I could give them, and I have invariably found them prepared for any emergency, able to meet all demands upon their resources, very moderate and reasonable in their requisitions upon the quartermaster's department, and most officer-like in their communications with me. We were thrown much in contact with each other, and at times when our energies were heavily taxed, I have never known the medical department wanting in anything that human labor, skill, and perseverance could overcome.

The hospital system in the field is as complete as it would seem possible to make it.

The ambulance trains work admirably, and the sick and wounded are as promptly and carefully taken care of as those in a city or town, and probably much better.

The large field hospital at this place is well located and perfectly watered by steam power, with reservoirs, pipes, &amp;c., and is large enough for all requirements.

The medical department have many transports at their service for the transportation of the sick and wounded. When these are not sufficient, ordinary vessels are temporarily place on such duty.

I have the honor to ask that this may be filed with my last report.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster of

Armies operating against Richmond.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 4. Record of the Court of Inquiry on the Mine Explosion.

RECORD OF THE PROCEEDINGS OF A COURT OF INQUIRY INSTITUTED BY VIRTUE OF THE FOLLOWING ORDER:

SPECIAL ORDERS,WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 258. Washington, D. C., August 3, 1864.

* * * * * *

43. By direction of the President, a Court of Inquiry will convene in front of Petersburg at 10 a.m. on the 5th instant, or as soon thereafter as practicable, to examine into and report upon the facts and cir-

