
line of the left of the Second Brigade, where it remained until the afternoon of the next day, when it was compelled to retire to the breast-works, being completely turned by the enemy's advance.

Remained in camp in rear of the works until July 12, when, in accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, the works were destroyed and the regiment moved a mile to the rear and halted near the Jerusalem plank road, where it remained until the forenoon of the 13th (except a portion of the time which was consumed in leveling works), when it marched to its present camp. Remained in camp until the evening of July 26, when the regiment accompanied the brigade in a march across the Appomattox and James to Deep Bottom. Halted shortly after daylighta and went into position. Moved during the day a short distance to the left, where were remained until the night of July 28, when we returned, halting in rear of the Eighteenth Corps a little before daylight.

I am, very respectfully,

JOHN SCHOONOVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

WILLIAM J. RUSLING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 2nd Corps.

Numbers 99. Report of Colonel John C. Tidball, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations June 12-July 1.

IN FRONT OF PETERSBURG, VA., July 1, 1864.*

June 12, orders received to withdraw at dark. Dwight was already in position with Dow; McKnight and Clark assigned to Gibbon, Roder and Burton to Barlow, Gilliss and Dwight to Birney. Four mortars withdrew at 4 p. m. The caissons of all the batteries moved back to the Livesay house. At 8.30 the reserve batteries were withdrawn carefully to the same point, where the Fourth New York Artillery and train were already. The column then started forward for Long Bridge, in charge of Major Hazard. Arrived at daylight of June 13, moved in rear of the corps, and arrived at James River by night.

June 14, the corps commenced crossing the river, the divisions taking care of their own batteries. Dwight's the only battery that crossed this day.

June 15, last of infantry across by 7 a. m. and all the batteries crossed during the day. The corps moved out at 10 a. m. with the six batteries. The last of the batteries over by 12 at night, and two battalions of the Fourth New York Artillery. The batteries parked one mile from the river.

June 16, at 10.15 the last caisson of the ammunition train across and moved forward. The whole work of embarking and disembarking the artillery and trains of the corps was done by the Fourth New York Artillery, which brought up the rear. The batteries at daylight moved forward under charge of Major Hazard and arrived in front of Petersburg at 5 p. m. The division batteries were on the line of the division

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 11, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 507.

---------------

