
lines. Edgell was placed on Barlow's line, Dow and Ames on right and left of Petersburg road, Ricketts in rear of left of the corps and of the enemy's works, others in reserve. They assisted in the attack, and kept up a vigorous and effective fire until 9 p. m. At 12 m. Brown was ordered out to relieve Dow, who came in reserve.

June 17, the positions of the batteries were as follows: Gibbon's line, McKnight and Clark; Birney's line, Gilliss, one section of Edgell, Sleeper and Burton in rear; Barlow's line, Roder, Dwight, one section of Edgell in rear of Captain Ricketts; in park, Brown and Ames. An assault to be made by the Ninth Corps at 2 p. m. Dwight silenced a battery in his front as often as it opened. All other batteries opened as occasion required. At 3 p. m. the mortars, one section placed on Barlow's extreme left, opened with great effect. Captain Jones was killed while watching the effect of his fire, and the command devolved on Lieutenant Moore until 5 p. m., when Captain Wood was assigned to the command and opened heavily, and an assault [was] made by the Ninth Corps at 10, during which two shells silenced a battery which was playing on the charging troops. At dark 600 men of the Fourth New York Artillery were ordered to report to General Birney for duty, under command of Major Williams-Companies A, B, G, H, and F.

June 18, at 1 a. m. came the order that an assault would be made at 4 a. m. by the Third Division and that General Birney was in command of the corps. At daylight the remainder of the Fourth New York Artillery were marched out and put in the works in rear of Birney's center. At 4 a. m. the batteries opened along the whole line and the divisions moved forward-the Third Battalion, Fourth New York Artillery, in Pierce's brigade. The works of the enemy were taken with little resistance until the crest was reached, where their force was developed. A charge forced them back still farther, and our men took up this line; in the other division they advance equally and all the artillery was rendered useless. A position was immediately selected at the turn of the Petersburg road, near the Hare house, and a party put to work to prepare it for a battery, but were driven away by heavy fire. The Fourth New York Artillery was advanced so as to form a third line. Captains Ricketts, Dows, and Ames were ordered up and halted on the road in rear of the line. Captain Ricketts was placed on a hill near

------

house and opened fire on the city, getting no reply. After some time, at 12 m., another assault was ordered. Captain Dow was instructed to move into position as soon as the attack enabled him to do so. Captains Sleeper and Burton were placed in Barlow's rear line. As the assault was ordered these batteries were ordered to open. Ricketts and Dow did so. Dow lost 10 men by musketry fire. At 5 p. m. another attack without result. The mortars put in position (four) at the Hare house at the turn of the road. At dark Roder advanced on Barlow's rear line. Captain Dow was withdrawn and work commenced for Brown in his position and Ames in the garden on the left of the house, our infantry line put in the same place along the crest. In the afternoon Clark moved forward to the second line, on the right of the Fourth New York Artillery, and Edgell in the evening of Ames' left.

June 19, position as follows: Gibbon's line-front, Clark, rear, McKnight; Mott's line-front, Brown, Ames, and Edgell, rear, Ricketts, Gilliss, Dow; Barlow's line-front, Roder, Sleeper, Fourth New York Artillery; on right of Gibbon's second line, Sleeper. Sleeper moved forward to the left of Edgell and in front. No further changes during the day.

