
June 20, two more mortars put in position, and one section of Ricketts' on Ames' left ordered to shell the town and bridges; did so from rifled batteries slowly. Ordered to open along the whole line; did so slowly and with great effect from the mortars. At 1 p. m. orders to withdraw, when relieved by the Sixth and Ninth Corps; afterward modified, the withdrawal to be after dark. Batteries, &amp;c., ordered to assemble near headquarters. Did so during the night except McKnight's and Clark's, which went with Second Division.

June 21, marched at 8 a. m. to the left and rear. Burton and Roder with Barlow, McKnight and Clark with Gibbon, Dwight and Gilliss with Mott. The other batteries, regiment, and trains moved in rear of the column. Command moved half a mile south of the junction with the plank road, then back to the plank road and took position. Gibbon on Warren's left, and the left of and perpendicular to the plank road; Clark in position by the road; Mott on Gilliss' left; Barlow on his left. No position for batteries except on Gibbon's line. Barlow closed in to the right, and the trains and artillery were moved back and up the plank road in the neighborhood of the Jones house. About dark an attack was made by cavalry in the rear of the left flank. The Fourth New York Artillery and Brown's battery were placed in position at the forks of the road to guard the rear. McKnight's battery was placed in position a quarter of a mile to the left of Clark's, on Gibbon's line.

June 22, the Fourth New York and [Brown's] battery returned to camp. At 12 m. details of the Fourth sent to strengthen Clark and McKnight and make gabions. At 3 p. m. notified of the breaking of Barlow's division. Roder's battery and the Fourth New York Artillery immediately sent to take position in the open field, where the first line was; arrived in time to form a rallying party for the First Division. News at this time received of the capture of McKnight's guns. Five batteries placed in position on the line of the plank road. Gilliss and Dwight moved up on part of Mott's new (retired) line. Clark retired one section when the troops broke, but retained the other in position, firing vigorously and receiving a very hot fire from four of the enemy's batteries; well protected by his works and loss small. Troops reformed at dusk. Burton's battery moved up to take position on the right of the road in line with Clark. Works commenced by Captain Burton at 9 p. m. Dow relieved Clark, and Ricketts moved up preparatory to going in on the right of Dow. A company of engineers (regular) built strong works for these two batteries.

June 23, the Second Corps did not change position. The Fourth New York Artillery reported to Gibbon and was put on the front line to the left of the plank road. The enemy opened on a brigade of the Fifth Corps that was filing in rear of our batteries, which opened and silenced them. Roder continued on Barlow's line, and Dwight [and] Gilliss with Mott. At dark Gibbon's division was relieved by the Fifth Corps on the front line, and formed a second. The Fourth New York Artillery reported back.

June 24, General Gibbon moved down to the Williams house to support the Fifth Corps, taking Ames and Sleeper, who were assigned to him. At dark Dow, Ricketts, and Burton were relieved by Fifth Corps batteries and parked in reserve near the Jones house.

June 25, for three days Gilliss and Dwight have hauled out at night, going into position at daylight; no firing.

June 26, the First and Second Battalions, Fourth New York Artillery ordered to report to First and Second Brigades, Third Division; batteries, no change.

