
June 27, at night Captains Clark and Edgell reported to General Mott to relieve Lieutenants Gilliss and Roder, and Captain Brown to General Barlow to relieve Lieutenant Roder. The relieved batteries camped near the Jones house.

June 28, no change.

June 29, Third New Jersey Battery reported six light 12-pounders. Dow reported to General Gibbon to take position on the left.

June 30, guns Third New Jersey Battery ordered to report to General Barlow. Dow relieved and returned to camp.

JNumbers C. TIDBALL,

Colonel Fourth New York Artillery, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 100. Report of Major John G. Hazard, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations July 1-30.

HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 12, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from July 1 to July 30, 1864, including the operations at Deep Bottom, Va.:

On the 1st of July six batteries of the brigade were in position on the line held by the corps to the left of the Jerusalem plank road, and seven batteries were camped near the Jones house. At this date, Colonel Tidball having been assigned to duty elsewhere, I assumed command of the brigade as senior officer, and was regularly assigned by orders from headquarters of the corps on the 6th of July. The brigade remained in this position until July 11, the batteries in reserve occasionally relieving those in position.

On July 11 orders were received directing the withdrawal from the intrenched line held by the corps. The artillery was withdrawn during the night, and with the reserve batteries massed in a field near the Williams house and north of the Jerusalem plank road.

On the morning of the 12th the corps took position in the line near the Williams house, two batteries reporting to each division commander. The command remained quiet during the 12th.

On the morning of the 13th orders were received to move to the right. The Second Division moved to the Southall house, and occupied the line to the north of the plank road, the left resting on the Norfolk railroad. Dow's (Sixth Maine) battery went into position in the redan on the center of this line; Edgell's (First New Hampshire) battery in the redoubt on the Norfolk road. The remainder of the command went into camp on the north side of the Norfolk road and near the Deserted House.

On the 23rd of July Woerner's (Third New Jersey) battery reported to Major-General Gibbon, and took position on the line of the Second Division, in a small redan near the Southall house.

On the 25th of July orders were received to be in readiness to move at short notice.

On the 26th the following assignments of batteries to divisions were made: To First Division, Sleeper's (Tenth Massachusetts) battery and Brown's (B, First Rhode Island); to Second Division, Rickett's (F, First Pennsylvania) and Gilliss' (C and I, Fifth United States); to Third Division, Edgell's (First New Hampshire), Dow's (Sixth Maine), and

