
Woerner's (Third New Jersey). The command moved at dark, the reserve batteries marching in rear of the Second Division; crossed the Appomattox at Point of Rocks and arrived at Jones' Neck before daylight. The divisions, accompanied by their artillery, crossed the river immediately. Captain Edgell's (First New Hampshire) battery went into position in the oak grove near the bridge-head, Captain Woerner's (Third New Jersey) battery to the right of the grove, Captain Sleeper's (Tenth Massachusetts) battery and Captain Brown's (B, First Rhode Island) on the left of Captain Edgell's battery. At 6 a. m. the line advanced across the open plain on the enemy's position in the edge of the woods about 1,000 yards distant. The batteries in position opened a concentrated fire on the enemy's artillery, forcing their cannoneers to leave their guns for a time. At this time the line of works was carried by our skirmish line and battery of four 20-pounder Parrott guns was captured with two caissons. The enemy returned to and succeeded in getting off their light 12-pounder battery. Owing to the advance of our troops the heavy fire on it could not be continued. The 20-pounder battery was taken across the river to Jones' Neck and shipped to City Point. Our line now advanced, the left resting on Deep Creek, and the right extending along the ridge at the Potteries and the New Market road. Positions for batteries were selected on the right and left of the Potteries, and Captain Ricketts' (F, First Pennsylvania) placed on the left, Lieutenant Gilliss' (C and I, Fifth United States) on the right. Earth-works were thrown up for their protection. No other positions practicable for artillery could be found on the line. The positions of Captains Brown's, Sleeper's, and Edgell's batteries remained unchanged. Captains Dow's and Woerner's batteries were placed in position on the right of the oak grove and near the Chimneys, sweeping the open plain in front. About 3 p. m. Captain Ames' battery was ordered across the river and took position in the work at the bridge-head. At 4 p. m. as a precautionary measure against any attack on the rear, the five batteries near the bridge-head were disposed in such a manner as to fully cover all approaches. During this time the six reserve batteries remained on the south side of the river at Jones' Neck.

During the night of the 28th the Third Division recrossed the river and marched back to Petersburg. Roder's (K, Fourth United States), Burton's (Eleventh New York), and McKnight's (Twelfth New York) batteries moved ordered to report to General Mott, commanding, and marched back with his division. During the night the line was drawn back into the open plain, and Dow's battery was moved forward to the line taken up on Strawberry Plains. The command remained in this position until dark of the 29th. At dusk the batteries withdrew to the bridge-head, those of the First and Second Divisions moving with them. The reserve moved in rear of the troops, recrossed the James and Appomattox Rivers, and about daylight parked with the other batteries, in rear of the Eighteenth Army Corps headquarters.

None of the batteries were in position during the engagement of July 30. At dark the command returned to their former camp, near the Deserted House.

No casualties occurred in the brigade during the period covered by this report.

Respectfully submitted.

JNumbers G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

