
the 21st; moved and camped near the Norfolk railroad, in rear of the left flank works, until the 23d, when we occupied the redoubt on General Gibbon's line on the right of the railroad.

July 26, was ordered to report to General Mott, commanding Third Division, and marched across the Appomattox River at Point of Rocks and crossed James River at Turkey Bend. 27th, went into position on the right of the corps, about 600 yards from the river. Second Corps captured four 20-pounder Parrott guns. Moved forward the night of the 28th and threw up earth-works on the right of Second Division near the woods, supported on the right by dismounted cavalry. 29th, remained in position till 8 p. m., when we were ordered to withdraw and retrace our steps to the front of Petersburg, and parked in rear of the Eighteenth Corps line morning of the 30th; witnessed the assault on the enemy's lines that morning. At midnight reported to General Mott and returned to position in redoubt on the right of the Norfolk railroad, in rear of Southall's house.

My losses have been: enlisted men killed, 4; enlisted men wounded, 24; officers wounded, 3. One wounded man has since died.

I received a severe contusion at Cold Harbor from a piece of shell, but was not disabled. Lieutenant Thurston is still absent at Annapolis hospital; also Lieutenant McKusick. Sergt. John G. Deane was promoted to second lieutenant, vice Pray, killed in action.

My report for July 31 is as follows: Officers for duty, 3; enlisted men for duty, 105; who number of enlisted men present and absent, 155. Have occupied thirty-three different positions and expended 2,100 rounds of ammunition. Battery re-enlisted January 1, 1864, for three years.

I would most respectfully mention Lieutenant William H. Rogers, who commanded the section on the plank road in the Wilderness, and Lieutenant Samuel Thurston, who have acquitted themselves with great credit; as also First Sergt. James A. Pray, killed, and Sergts. Joseph W. Burke, John G. Deane, and Joshua J. Seamons, wounded, in hospital, and Gunners Joseph Winter, William S. Leavitt, and Hiram W. Carr, for bravery in working their guns under most trying circumstances. They are men who can be depended upon anywhere.

The battery has lost no material of any consequence and is to-day in as good condition as when it started upon the campaign.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN B. DOW,

Captain, Commanding Sixth Maine Battery.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Corps.

Numbers 102. Report of Captain J. Henry Sleeper, Tenth Massachusetts Battery.*

FIFTH EPOCH.

The march across the Chickahominy and the James, and the operations in front of Petersburg up to the assault on the enemy's position, July 30, 1864.

June 13, halted, watered and fed near Whitehall, New Kent County, and at 10 a. m. resumed the march, crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge, and at dark arrived at Wilcox's farm on the James River; here

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 516.

---------------

