
morning of the 27th. At 6 a. m., by order of General Mott, took position in the oak grove about a mile from the river, and engaged a 12-pounder battery of the enemy at 1,000 yards distance, exploding a chest, and silencing the battery with fifty-two rounds of percussion-shell. The only damage to my battery was one caisson slightly injured, and the horses killed. About 3 p. m., by order of Major Hazard, went into park near the river.

At dark on the 29th started with the reserve batteries of the corps on the return to Petersburg, arriving near headquarters Eighteenth Corps about sunrise of the 30th, but did not take part in the attack of that day.

On the 31st went into camp near Deserted House.

The casualties during this campaign have been very few-1 officer and 8 men severely, and as many more slightly wounded. The losses in material have been proportionally light.

The behavior of the officers and men has been all that could be desired.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. EDGELL,

Captain First New Hampshire Battery.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Corps.

Numbers 104. Reports of Captain A. Judson Clark, Battery B, First New Jersey Light Artillery.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., July 1, 1864.

COLONEL: *

Just after dark on the eve of the 12th [June] withdrew from the works and took up position near the wood on road leading to corps headquarters, where I remained until 12 o'clock, when marched with Second Division toward the Chickahominy. Reached Chickahominy River about noon on the 13th, and after remaining until the bridge was taken up marched to near Charles City Court-House. 14th, moved down to bank of James River, and on the morning of the 15th crossed the river and marched with Gibbon's division to near Petersburg, putting my battery into position at 2 a. m. on the morning of the 16th, near Battery Numbers 8 of the rebel line of works. Engaged at different times during the day. 17th, heavy fighting nearly all day on our left and front. 18th, the enemy's works in our front assaulted several times during the day. In p. m. I was placed in position in the corn-field about 600 yards in front of my former position on the meadow near the City Point railroad. 19th, slightly engaged. 20th, in eve marched with Second Division about one mile and a half from corps headquarters to the left and went into camp. 21st, marched to the left, striking the Jerusalem plank road about four miles from Petersburg; marched up the road about two miles and went into position near the edge of the woods. In eve built works on the brow of the hill in front and went into position at 3 a. m. on the 22d. About 2 p. m. the enemy attacked the left, and

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 12 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 521.

---------------

