
turning the position drove the troops back on the right and right center of the corps. I immediately opened fire on the enemy's batteries that were firing, throwing solid shot, case, and shell, and succeeded in drawing the greater part of their fire from the infantry to my battery and sustained a very heavy fire for the greater part of the afternoon. During the latter part of the afternoon I sent one section of the battery about 150 yards to the rear and placed it in position near the road to check any further advance of the enemy in that direction, as at one time it was feared that it would be necessary, and the guns that were left in the work could protect the ground in their front. Fortunately, however, they were not required in that position. At 10 p. m. the battery was relieved and moved back to near corps headquarters, on the plank road. 28th, went into position on the part of the line occupied by General Birney's division, where the battery is at present. My loss in killed and wounded during these engagements has been small, 2 killed and 4 wounded.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. CLARK,

Captain, Commanding Battery B, First New Jersey Light Arty.

Colonel J. C. TIDBALL,

Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.
HDQRS. BATTERY B, FIRST NEW JERSEY ARTILLERY, October 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my battery in the movement across the James River July 27 to 30:

In the afternoon of July 27 broke camp, and during the night following marched to near Jones' Neck, and bivouacked near the James River, where I remained until the 30th, when I returned to near Petersburg with the reserve batteries of the corps, and went into camp.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. JUDSON CLARK,

Captain, Commanding Battery B, First New Jersey Artillery.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Corps.

Numbers 105. Report of Captain Nelson Ames, Battery G, First New York Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY G, FIRST NEW YORK LIGHT ARTY., Camp Second Army Corps, near Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

FIFTH EPOCH.

Moved from Cold Harbor on the 12th [June]; reached James River on the 13th, crossed on the 5th, and on the morning of the 16th marched toward Petersburg. Took part in the engagement of that day

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 523.

---------------

