
and evening, apparently doing good execution. Lay in reserve awaiting ammunition until the 18th. On the morning of the 19th took position within 300 yards of the enemy's lines, from which position I had the satisfaction of disabling two pieces during the day. On the 21st was relieved by a Ninth Corps battery and moved to the left with the Second Corps. On the 27th moved to cover the rear of our army from an apprehended attack with the Second Division, Second Corps, returning on the 29th.

July 26, moved with the Second Corps to Jones' Landing, on James River, crossed on the 27th; recrossed on the 29th and supported the Eighteenth Army Corps in the attack on Petersburg July 30, 1864; did not, however, take position.

During the campaign I have expended 2,532 rounds of ammunition. The list of casualties is comparatively small, consisting of 2 men killed and 9 wounded, 5 horses killed and 6 wounded.

The loss in material is very light indeed, the greater part of which has been made good by my artificers.

Again let me add that my officers and men are worthy of all praise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. AMES,

Captain First New York Artillery, Commanding Company.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Corps.

Numbers 106. Report of Captain James H. Wood, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, commanding Mortar Battery, of operations June 12-21.

IN CAMP, NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., July 1, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

On the 12th of June the whole battery was ordered out of position. Lieutenant Bradt's pieces immediately joined the ammunition train, reaching it at 12 m., and marched across the Chickahominy and James Rivers to Petersburg, reaching the rear of our lines at 2.30 a. m. of the 18th of June.

The section in charge of Captain Jones being unable, by reason of the persistency of the enemy's fire, to leave its position, did not withdraw until the evening of the 12th, and accompanied by the artillery of the Second Corps reached the front of Petersburg on the 16th day of June. In the forenoon of the 17th the section took position in front of the enemy's lines at a distance of 150 yards and on the left of the Second Corps. At 1 p. m. the section opened fire on the rebels at an assumed distance of 300 yards with three and a half ounces of powder and 10-second fuse. The firing was successful. At 2 p. m., immediately after the firing of one of the mortars, Captain Jones arose to witness the effect of the shot. He was struck in the forehead by the bullet of a rebel sharpshooter. He never spoke afterward, and at 5 p. m. breathed his last. Thus was slain a brave and efficient officer and a courteous gentleman. At 3 p. m. Captain James H. Wood, of Battery C, Fourth

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from June 1 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 527.

---------------

28 R R-VOL XL, PT I

