
New York Artillery, was placed in command of the mortar battery and, accompanied by Captain Miller, inspector of artillery, advanced, under a terrific artillery fire, to assume command. At 5 p. m. a charge was made by a brigade of the Ninth Corps, directly in front of the section in charge of Captain Wood. The assault was repulsed, and a rebel battery at a distance of about 900 yards played upon the retreating columns with murderous effect. The mortars were trained upon the rebel battery, with a charge of six ounces of powder and 18-second fuse. The result was the silencing of the rebel guns and the blowing up of a rebel caisson. The colonel commanding the brigade, addressing Captain Wood, said, "Your mortars have saved my brigade."

In the afternoon of June 19 the sections in command of Lieutenant Bradt were ordered into position in front of Petersburg at about 250 yards' distance from the rebel lines. The firing was calculated at 250 yards with three and a half ounces charge and 10-second fuse. The practice was entirely satisfactory.

On the 21st of June the sections were all brought together on the Hare farm.

In the foregoing report there may be inconsistencies in the distances, the size of charges and the length of fuses. This can all be accounted for by the fact that the first supply of powder was not equal in strength to that subsequently obtained, and the cartridges were made partly from the one and partly from the other. The last supply (the former being now all expended) is considered reliable, so that the firing can hereafter be considered as reduced almost to a mathematical certainty.

JAMES H. WOOD,

Captain, Commanding Mortar Battery.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, ARTY. Brigadier, SECOND CORPS.

Numbers 107. Report of Captain John E. Burton, Eleventh New York Battery.

CAMP ELEVENTH NEW YORK BATTERY, Near Petersburg, Va., September 2, 1864.

SIR: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 12, I reported to General Barlow, commanding First Division. Hauled out of our position about 9 p. m. Marched all night and until 5 p. m. of the 13th with that division. Took up position on the James River near Wilcox's Landing. June 15, crossed the river about 10 a. m. on transports. Marched with General Barlow's division to near Petersburg, Va., where I came into position on the morning of the 16th between Battery A, First Rhode Island, and K, Fourth United States. Were engaged during the day and part of the night. On the morning of the 17th I was moved to the right and took up position near First Division headquarters and on the left of Lieutenant Dwight, and was engaged several times during the day and night with the enemy's batteries, one of which was forced to retire in some haste. At this place

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 529.

---------------

