
a case-shot struck one of my carriages and exploded, but did no more damage than bruising one of the cheeks. The 18th, 19th, and 20th everything was quiet. June 21, I moved with the First Division to the left and parked near the Jones house about 6 p. m., remaining there until the night of the 22d, when, after putting up works on the right of the Jerusalem plank road, got my guns in position and limbers sunk before daylight of the 23d. On the 23rd a column of infantry was seen passing in rear of the enemy's batteries. Captains Dow, Ricketts, and myself opened with excellent effect, in some places scattering the column. On the 24th the enemy opened with their artillery on a column of our infantry which was passing in rear of the battery and in plain view of their guns. We succeeded in silencing these guns after an engagement of above an hour. Was relieved that night by Battery L, First New York, and were in camp from that time to July 26, when we moved to the James River. Being in reserve did not cross the river, but having reported to Brigadier-General Mott, commanding Third Division, on the night of the 28th marched back to near Petersburg and went in camp August 1.

During the marches and engagements of this campaign both officers and men have behaved well. With but one exception not a man has straggled on any of the marches, and every man has always been at his post in every engagement.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. BURTON,

Captain Eleventh New York Battery.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 108. Report of Captain George F. McKnight, Twelfth New York Battery.

TWELFTH N. Y. BATTERY, ARTY. Brigadier, 2nd ARMY CORPS, August 11, 1864.

SIR: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

I reported on the evening of June 12 to Brigadier-General Gibbon, commanding Second Division, Second Army Corps, and marched out of the works at dusk, via Dispatch Station; crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge about noon of the 13th; thence to Wilcox's Landing, on the James River, parking at 11 p. m. about two miles from the landing. Tuesday, 14th, hitched up and went down to the landing, and embarking the morning of the 15th, crossed the James on transports to Wind-Mill Point; marched at noon, still with the Second Division, and arrived at the fortifications east of Petersburg about 1 a. m. of the 16th, and went in position at daylight of the 16th; took position to the left of Battery Numbers 8; engaged in firing slowly during the day, and in the afternoon and evening engaged sharply with the enemy, both infantry and artillery, until 8 p. m. Engaged at intervals during the 17th and until the enemy's line was forced back some distance on the morning of the

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 530.

---------------

