
the time the enemy came in upon the left of the battery I was on the right flank of my battery with my first sergeant. The First Minnesota Regiment, of General Pierce's brigade, which joined my battery on the right, broke on seeing the left give way, but were rallied by their officers and fired one volley at the enemy, but seeing them pouring in on our left fell back in confusion. One Lieutenant O'Brien, of the First Minnesota Regiment, rallied a few men and returned with me and some of my own men, who were falling back on the upper road, and endeavored to save the right piece. At this juncture the enemy poured in a heavy volley, killing my first sergeant and several men who were endeavoring to pull off the piece, and at the same time calling upon us to surrender. I then ordered the men near me to fall back, the enemy at this time occupying my entire position. I at once reported to General Pierce that my battery was lost. I with my officers and men remained with the first line of battle until after dark, ready to follow up any advantage that might be gained by the line in recapturing the position and pieces. I regained one limber, after our lines advanced this morning, nearly destroyed by shell, the axle and wheels having over twenty bullet holes in them. The loss of the command on the 22nd is as follows: First sergeant killed; 1 corporal wounded; 1 corporal missing since action; 2 corporals missing since action; 1 bugler missing since action; 4 privates missing since action; four 3-inch rifled guns, four ammunition chests, and three limbers lost.*

Thursday, the 23d, I parked near the Jerusalem plank road and made a requisition for four light 12-pounder guns, per order of Colonel Tidball, chief of artillery, Second Army Corps. Received them July 1.

On Monday, July 4, went into position on Brigadier-General Barlow's line, relieving Battery K, Fourth United States, and remained there until July 6.

On the morning of July 9 went into position on Major-General Birney's line, remaining until the morning of the 12th, when I marched with the reserve artillery of the corps toward the right, parking not far from the plank road, until the morning of the 13th, when I marched and parked with the artillery of the corps in rear of the Fifth Army Corps, remaining there until the evening of the 26th.

Marched at sundown July 26, with the reserve artillery of the corps, across the Appomattox to Jones' Landing, on the James River; remained there in reserve until 11 p. m. of the 28th, when I marched back across the Appomattox River with the Third Division and parked near the Eighteenth Army Corps hospitals at daylight of the 29th, and at dark on the 30th I returned to my old camp in rear of the Fifth Army Corps, where I have since remained.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. McKNIGHT,

Captain Twelfth New York Independent Battery.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

---------------

*So much of this report as relates to the operations on June 22 was addressed to Major General John Gibbon, under date of June 23, 1864, and was indorsed, as follows:

---------------

"HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, "June 24, 1864.

"Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding the corps.

"No blame can possibly attach to Captain McKnight for the loss of his battery.

"JOHN GIBBON,

"Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division."

