
The daily movements of the battery from 3rd of May to 8th of June, 1864, and its constant participation in the battles of that period, I am unfortunately unable to submit, as for some unknown reason they were taken away by the late commanding officer on his departure from the battery on 8th of June, 1864.

Unofficial intelligence has been received of the death of First Lieutenant Peter Hunt on 14th of June, 1864, from wounds received at Shallow Creek, Va., 30th of May, 1864, while in command of a section of this battery. The battery deeply regrets the loss of so brave, valuable, and efficient an officer.

Respectfully submitted.

G. L. DWIGHT,

First. Lieutenant First Rhode Island Light Arty., Commanding Co. A.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, 2nd Army Corps.

Numbers 111. Report of Lieutenant Walter S. Perrin, Battery A, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of operations July 8-29.

CAMP BATTERY A, FIRST R. I. ARTILLERY, Near Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by Battery A, First Rhode Island Artillery, in the operations of the Army of the Potomac of the fifth epoch, from July 8, 1864, at which time I assumed command of the battery, at camp near the Jones house, front of Petersburg:

July 11, by order from Major Hazard, commanding Artillery Brigade, Second Army Corps, I moved out of camp at 12 p. m., and marched to the field near the Williams house, where the other batteries of the brigade were massed, remaining there until 6 p. m. of 12th instant. By order of Major Hazard I reported to General Birney, commanding Third Division, Second Army Corps, by whose order I parked my battery in the field front of his headquarters. On the morning of the 13th instant, by order of Major Hazard, marched to the rear of the Fifth Army Corps and went into camp near the Deserted House.

July 26, by order of Major Hazard, moved out of camp at 5 p. m., following Captain Clark's battery (B, First New Jersey Artillery), crossed the pontoon bridge at Point of Rocks, and marched to Deep Bottom, where I remained in reserve on the south side of the river until 10 p. m. of the 29th, when, by order of Lieutenant Fairchild, aide-de-camp to the major commanding, followed Captain Clark's battery, recrossing the pontoon bridge at Point of Rocks, and massed my battery with the other batteries of the brigade in rear of General Ord's headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. PERRIN,

First. Lieutenant, First Rhode Island Arty., Commanding Battery A.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Corps.

