
June 27, was relieved by Captain Brown's battery, and directed by the chief of artillery to go into camp near the James house.

June 28 to July 11, remained in the same camp.

July 12, left camp at midnight, marched one mile and a half to the rear, and went into park.

July 13, remained in the same place.

July 14, left camp at 8 a. m., marched with the other batteries of the corps about two miles to the right, and went into camp near the Norfolk road and army headquarters.

July 15 to 24, remained in the same camp.

July 25, received orders to move at short notice.

July 26, left camp at 3 p. m.; was directed to move with the reserve batteries of the corps; marched by way of Point of Rocks to the James River, near Deep Bottom, returned July 30; was ordered to go back to my old camp near amy headquarters.

The casualties are comparatively small considering the number of engagements the battery has been in since the commencement of the campaign. They are as follows: 1 man killed and 12 wounded, 9 horses killed in action and 12 died of wounds and hard marching. My loss in material is five wheels and four poles broken, one limber accidentally blown up.

Before bringing this report to a close I wish to return my thanks to the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the battery for their hearty co-operation while on the march and in action. Of their soldierly bearing and conduct under fire I cannot speak too highly. Lieutenants Smith and Burnes, my section commanders, are deserving of great credit for the efficient manner in which they performed their duties. To their vigilance and attention my success is, in a great measure, due.

Respectfully submitted.

J. W. RODER,

Second Lieutenant Fourth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery K.

Major J. G. HAZARD,

Chief of Artillery, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 113. Report of Lieutenant James Gilliss, Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of operations June 12-30.

HDQRS. BATTERIES C AND I, FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY, July 1, 1864.

SIR: *

June 12, changed position a short distance to right and fired eight rounds. Started at 11 p. m. toward James River.

June 13, arrived at James River with General Birney's [division] at 5 p. m.

June 14, commenced to cross James River at 4 p. m.

June 15, finished crossing at daylight; marched toward Petersburg.

June 16, went into position in rebel work on road from Prince George Court-House to Petersburg; fired about 100 rounds.

June 17, same position.

June 18, advanced at daylight 500 yards and relieved Sleeper's (Tenth Massachusetts) battery; fired at intervals during the day.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 536.

---------------

