
June 19, in same position; fired at daylight just before our lines advanced.

June 20, in same position.

June 21, moved at 8 a. m. across Norfolk railroad and camped at dark near Jones' house; distance, four miles.

June 22, about 2 p. m. was ordered by General Mott, commanding Third Division, to take position on his line, just after Barlow's division had been surprised. Had an engagement with a rebel battery at 300 yards' distance, but drove it away after firing about fifty rounds. During a part of the time the enemy fired canister, but did me no damage except to disable a wheel.

June 23 to 27, in same position.

June 28, relieved by Clark's (New Jersey) battery at daylight, and camped in neighborhood of Jones' house.

June 29 and 30, in camp.

The number of rounds of ammunition fired is not known exactly, as I have not yet received invoices of it from the ordnance officer.

Below is a list of casualties: Killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 17 enlisted men; aggregate, 19.

The officers and men of my command have acquitted themselves during this tedious campaign in a manner highly satisfactory to me, and I take great pleasure in mentioning it. I cannot omit to notice the gallantry shown by Lieutenant Metcalf on the 12th of May in his endeavors to withdraw his guns from under the heavy fire of the enemy. Twice he tried with horses, but failing each time he managed to draw them by hand out of the range of the musketry. He deserves special mention.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES GILLISS,

First Lieutenant, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Batteries C and I.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 114. Report of Major General Gouverneur K. Warren, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps, of operations July 27-30.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, August 5, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the accompanying communications as my report of the part taken by my corps in the operations of the 30th of July, 1864, and preliminary thereto. The communications contain all the contingent and positive instructions in regard to covering the left flank, maintaining the front, and supporting General Burnside's assault, and fully explain the part the corps took, and was designed to take, in the operations. They also contain a general statement of the amount of labor performed in the siege operations, and conclude with the report of Colonel Wainwright, chief of artillery.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Of August 3, 1864. See p. 483.

---------------

