
battle, with one brigade of General Cutler's. This will leave me one brigade of General Cutler's, and General Ayres' division, at least, to support General Burnside. If I can withdraw the most of my picket-line, and abandon the southernmost redoubt on the plank road I can also have two brigades of General Crawford to aid General Burnside. I would like special instructions on this point. In the event of success the division of Crawford would be well posted to follow up along the plank road. I am going to consult with General Burnside as to the co-operation he wishes me to give.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 29, 1864-5.40 p. m.

Major-General WARREN, Commanding Fifth Corps:

Your dispatch of 4 p. m. received, and the commanding general directs the withdrawal of your troops to-night from the southernmost redoubt and beyond, south of the large redoubt on the plank road. The pickets should remain, and, if forced back, might occupy the works south of the large redoubt.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 29, 1864-4.45 p. m. (Received 5 p. m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The commanding general desires to keep up the impression that the enemy evidently entertains that we are withdrawing from before Petersburg, and with that view wishes that the camps of such of your troops as are not necessary to the defense of your line, and as may be in the view of the enemy, should be struck and the troops moved off as though intended to cross the James River at Deep Bottom. After moving so far into the woods as to be unobserved by the enemy they should halt, and return after dark. The two brigades of Burnside's corps holding the intrenchments between the plank road and the old Norfolk road are directed to rejoin General Burnside as soon as it is dark, taking their pickets.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

The troops should not know they are making a feint movement. Field's division, of Longstreet's corps, moved to the James River last night, leaving two divisions of Beauregard's corps and one of Hill's for the Petersburg front.

A. A. H.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 29, 1864-5. p. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

I have no troops that I can move in sight of the enemy without causing them to be severely shelled at close range; in fact, all are out of sight except in the trenches.

Respectfully,G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

