
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 29, 1864.

1. The mine in General Burnside's front will be sprung to-morrow at 3.30 a. m., to be immediately followed by a column of assault.

2. General Ayres' division will go into position under cover of the railroad cut in rear of General Cutler's division, with the right in front, and both his division and the reserve brigade of General Cutler's will be prepared at 3.30 a. m. to support the column of attack, whenever it may be required, and await orders.

3. The brigade of General Cutler's division in the front line and the division under General Bartlett will open fire with musketry, along with the artillery, as soon as the mine is sprung, the object being to keep down the fire of the enemy's artillery and musketry. They will have an ample supply of ammunition convenient to replenish their cartridge-boxes.

4. General Crawford will have General Baxter's brigade in readiness at 3.30 a. m. to move up to the position assigned General Ayres, but to await orders in its present position.

5. The artillery of the corps along the front will receive its orders from the chief of artillery of the army, through the chief of artillery of the corps.

6. The pioneers will all be with their brigades prepared to remove obstructions, and the wagons of intrenching tools will all be in readiness to move speedily wherever needed. The ammunition train will also be prepared to supply ammunition, either by wagons or on pack-mules.

7. Headquarters office will remain at the Avery house, but with everything in readiness to move. At the commencement of operations to-morrow the general commanding the corps will be found near the battery of six 4 1/2-inch guns west of the Avery house. The medical director of the corps will make the proper arrangements to meet the contingencies of to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Warren:

[FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

P. S.-Arrangements have been made for General Bartlett's (First Division) line to go forward if circumstances will permit; it is so understood with him; nothing more definite could be arranged.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 29, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have seen General Burnside and my division commanders. My arrangements for to-morrow were easy to make and are all completed. I have no doubt we shall be on time as expected. I will send you my circular order by a messenger.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 30, 1864-4.10 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

GENERAL: All my arrangements have been made, and everything has been in position since 3.30.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

