HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 30, 1864-7.50 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have just returned from the scene of General Burnside's operations. In my opinion the battery of one or two guns to the left of General Burnside should be taken before attempting to seize the crest. It seems to me it can be done, as we shall take the infantry fire obliquely. This done the advance on the main hill will not be difficult. I think it would pay you to go to General Burnside's position. You can see in a moment, and it is as easy to communicate with me as by telegraph. It will be some time before I hear from Crawford.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,*

July 30, 1864-8 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I sent your dispatch to General Crawford with directions to do what he could. He says "the lead-works are over a mile from the angle of my picket-line. I do not think an attack upon the enemy's works at or near that point at all practicable with the force I can spare. I can make a demonstration if it is desired. The cavalry are moving and I will have my left uncovered." He sends word he will await further orders. He is so far off that I do not think it well to wait for anything now that he can do, and I renew my suggestion that you take a look at things from General Burnside's headquarters, and direct me either to go in with Burnside or go around to my left with Ayres' division and do the other thing.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

July 30, 1864.

Major-General WARREN:

Your dispatch is received. The major-general commanding directs that you go in with Burnside, taking the two-gun battery. The movement on the left need not be carried further than a reconnaissance to see in what force the enemy is holding his right. The cavalry are ordered to move up on your left, and keep up connection.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,July 30, 1864.

Major-General WARREN:

The attack ordered on the two-gun battery is suspended.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* For copy of this dispatch as submitted with the report of the Court of Inquiry on the Mine explosion, see p.151.

---------------

