
Saturday, July 16.-Spent morning hard at work in office. Went out on line in afternoon, staid till dark.

Sunday, July 17.-Laid out rifle-pits in the morning; superintended work on large redoubt in afternoon. Had attack threatened at dark and made all needful preparations.

Monday, July 18.-Visited line with General Humphreys. Gave usual amount of directions.

No. 115. Reports of Colonel Wiliam S. Tilton, Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 12, at 8 p.m. we marched from Sumner's (lower) Bridge to near Long Bridge, seven miles; bivouacked at 1 a.m.

June 13, at 4 a.m. turned out and marched across the Chickahominy on pontoons; at 6.30 a.m. halted; at 9 p.m. started out toward Charles City Cross-Roads. Halted after a fatiguing march of seven miles at 3.30 a.m. of 14th. My regiment and Fourth Michigan formed the rear guard.

June 14, took up the line of march at 5.30 a.m., after two hours' rest; at 10.30 a.m. came to Charles City Court-House and rested. At 2 p.m. marched toward James River, on the bank of which we bivouacked.

June 15, remained in camp.

June 16, crossed the James on transport at 8 a.m., landing near Wind-Mill Point. 3 p.m., marched to Saint [Prince] George Court-House and halted for an hour at 9 p.m. for coffee; then marched to our lines in front Petersburg, where we arrived at 12 midnight.

June 17, lay in camp.

June 18, at 5 a.m. broke camp and marched to the front, stacking arms in rear of Second Corps, when we made coffee. At 8 a.m. the brigade advanced to the front and left to take up a line before the enemy's works on new ground. My regiment was detailed to skirmish to the front and drive in the rebel pickets. I deployed in an open field near Colonel Avery's house, with my right resting on the Norfolk turnpike road. We pushed forward to the Norfolk railroad, which crossed the pike and to a ravine beyond, where the right of my line, being more exposed than the left, was driven back. The left, however, under Major Burt, held its own, having shelter in rear of a crest. I thereupon strengthened my right with 100 men from the Sixty-second Pennsylvania; went in again, when I succeeded in driving the rebel skirmishers out of the ravine into one beyond. About 12 m. Sweitzer's brigade moved toward and took position in this last ravine, all the regiments but one being on the right of the road. The First Brigade, Colonel Chamberlain, then advanced to the ravine and took position on the left of Colonel Sweitzer's brigade. This was done under a very heavy fire, and the brigade lost more than 200 men, including Colonel

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see XXXVI, Part I, p.559.

---------------

