
Chamberlain, who was wounded. Thus we remained right under the enemy's works until just before dark, when I was ordered to take command of First Brigade.

I cannot close this report without mentioning some of my officers who distinguished themselves, besides those alluded to. Lieutenant-Colonel Sherwin had been in command of the regiment for ten months before the opening of this campaign, while I commanded Barnes' old brigade, and I attribute much of its success to him on account of the excellent state of discipline to which he had brought it. After the first day there was not an officer or man who would not go, and go cheerfully, wherever he was ordered. Captain Field, the senior captain, was always ready for duty, and always selected for duty which required the display of judgment and bravery. Captain John Rock cannot be excelled for dash on the battle-field. Captain Baxter, who was killed at Bethesda Church, was an honest man and a faithful soldier. Lieutenants Steele and Fleming were wounded while gallantly discharging their duty. To Captain E. C. Bennett the service and the country are indebted, also to Captain Meands, to Lieutenants Bourne, Ackerman, Clapp, Roby, Kinsley, and Captain Smith, of the Second Company Sharpshooters, for entering patience and fidelity in the performance of their duty, as well as bravery on the field of battle.

During the campaign I lost two-thirds of my men in action. Lists of casualties have been already forwarded.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. S. TILTON,

Colonel Twenty-second Massachusetts Volunteers.

ASST. ADJT. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,August 13, 1864.

Captain W. S. DAVIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division:

CAPTAIN: The report of Twenty-second Massachusetts is sent directly to the general commanding division, because Colonel Sweitzer is out of the service, and it is doubtful if he intends making a brigade report. Had Colonel Sweitzer been here I should not, it is likely, have said so much about the movements of other regiments, but left the history of their achievements for him to indite. Trusting that if the report is not exactly in order in some respects, yet, as it contains nothing but truth, it will prove acceptable to the general,*

I am, yours, &amp;c.,

WM. S. TILTON,

Colonel Twenty-second Massachusetts Volunteers.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Camp before Petersburg, Va., August-, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade from the day I took command, June 18, 1864, until the end of the fifth epoch, July 30, 1864:

At about 12 m. on the 18th of June the Second Brigade had advanced down the Norfolk turnpike road and crossed the railroad to a ravine,

---------------

* Reference is to the regimental report, preceding. The Twenty-second Massachusetts belonged to the Second Brigade. Colonel Tilton commanded the regiment up to June 18, when he was assigned to the command of the First Brigade.

---------------

