
which was immediately under the enemy's works, and the First Brigade, then under command of Colonel Chamberlain, went forward soon after and formed upon the left of Sweitzer's brigade. There it was, just before dark, that I was placed in command with orders to charge when troops on my right and left did. In making the movement, which was done under a heavy fire, the loss had been severe. Colonel Chamberlain was wounded. I immediately proceeded to reconnoiter the ground, and communicate with the brigade commanders upon my right and left. Colonel Hofmann on the left, commanding a brigade in Cutler's division, assured me of his co-operation at the right moment. The Eighty-third Pennsylvania, Forty-fourth New York, and Sixteenth Michigan Regiments, of Barlett's brigade, were now sent me as a support. I removed the One hundred and eighty-seventh Pennsylvania, which had formed my second line, to the left of my front line, and placed Barlett's three regiments in my second line, with orders to intrench and clear up the bushes in their front. After waiting anxiously the movement of the brigade on my right, I finally received notice that it had been suspended.

June 19, at 4 a.m. I withdrew my troops and took up a new line in rear of Barlett's brigade. This day quiet, excepting the loss several men by sharpshooters' fire.

June 20, at dark went to the rear and bivouacked near corps headquarters.

June 21, at 4.30 p.m. received orders to take up a position on left of General Ayres at dark and intrench. On reaching General Ayres' left I found General Barlett there, when I was ordered by General Griffin to take up one line, with my left resting on the plank road and my right running toward Barlett's left. After the skirmish line became established, which was after 9 p.m., I moved in my brigade upon that line and entrenched before morning.

June 22, the Second Corps, on my left, was attacked to-day. Took precautionary measures to prevent the enemy getting upon our left flank across the Jerusalem road.

July 4, at night broke ground for a redan in front of my line, the left face near to and parallel with the Jerusalem road. Major Roebling laid out the work. The work was continued during the night time (it having been impracticable to work by daylight on account of the enemy's fire) until July 16, when it was ready for the engineers. They cut the embrasures, erected traverses, and excavated magazines. There were embrasures for eighteen guns. My brigade furnished 5,500 days' and nights' labor upon it. During all this time the men were in the trenches, expecting one regiment, and exposed to shell fire, but they bore their hardships with fortitude, not a murmur being heard.

July 30, at 2.30 a.m. the men were called to arms to take part in the assault upon the enemy's works, which was to follow the springing of a mine in front of General Burnside's line. During the precending night the redan in our front had been armed with six siege guns, served by the Fourth New York Artillery, and two batteries of field pieces. At 4.30 a.m. all these guns opened upon the enemy's works, and continued firing more or less until noon. I also opened with musketry fire by order. By this means the enemy's pickets were kept in their rifle-pits. The rebels made no response to our fire, but directed their's chiefly upon troops at my right. Very little was to be seen of them in

