
our front all day. At one time, however, in the morning (after the explosion), I observed a movement of their infantry from their right to their left.

During all these operations mentioned herein I was greatly assisted by Lieutenant Davenport, chief of pioneers, and Lieutenant Funk, aide-de-camp.

I wish to bear testimony, also, to the cheerful co-operation in all my plans of Captain Osborne, inspector-general, and Lieutenant Harder, aide-de-camp. Lieutenant Walters, aide-de-camp, ought also to be mentioned.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. S. TILTON,

Colonel Twenty-second Massachusetts Cols., Commanding Brigade.

ASST. ADJT. General, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS.

The casualties during this period number 10 men killed, 53 wounded, 1 officer wounded. A nominal list* of the same is appended.

WM. S. TILTON,

Colonel, &amp;c.

No. 116. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph F. Ramsey, One hundred and eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 187TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: +

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 12, the regiment receives marching orders, and in the evening of the same day we take up our line of march and encamp, or rather bivouac on the banks of the Chickahominy. Cross the James at Wind-Mill Point on the 16th of June and march in front of Petersburg the same day. On the 18th instant the regiment participates in the assault on Petersburg, and sustains a loss of about 200 killed and wounded. On the 20th we are withdrawn, and move to the left of Petersburg, Va., near Jerusalem plank road, where we intrench and remain until the 8th day of July, 1864, when the regiment is relieved, and has been on the reserve ever since that time.

The regiment in pursuance to orders was held in readiness on the 30th of July, 1864, but did not participate in the engagement.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. RAMSEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. E. PARSONS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Fifth Corps.

---------------

* Omitted.

+ For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from June 5 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.558.

---------------

