
No. 117. Report of Major Mason W. Burt, Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry, Second Brigade.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND MASSACHUSETTS REGIMENT,Near City Point, Va., August 13, 1864.

SIR: *

V.

At 8 p.m. [June 12] marched from the position near Bottom's Bridge and bivouacked near Long Bridge until daylight on the 13th; then crossed the river and advanced two miles and bivouacked near the White Oak Swamp road until 8 p.m., then marched toward the James River, arriving there on the 14th, bivouacking near Wilcox's Landing until the morning of June 16; then crossed the river in a boat and marched to within two miles of Petersburg and bivouacked until the morning of June 18; then took position on the left of the Ninth Corps; the regiment was deployed in front as skirmishers; drove the enemy's skirmishers across the Norfolk railroad to his line, inside of his works, and took position about 150 yards from him; held this line until relieved by a regiment of the Third Division on the morning of the 19th; then moved to the rear of the railroad and remained until the evening of June 20; then moved farther to the rear, and on the morning of the 21st of June went into camp on the left of the Jerusalem plank road and half a mile in rear of the front line.

On the 22nd of June went to the left about half a mile as support for part of the Second Corps. Returned on the 23d, and on the 24th went about two miles to the left, and formed on the flank of the Sixth Corps. Returned to camp on the 25th. Remained in camp, furnishing frequent details for fatigue duty until July 12; then took position on the extreme left of the division; here remained the balance of the month of July.

The losses in the last part of the campaign were as follows: June 18, enlisted men killed, 7; wounded, 14. June 19, enlisted men wounded, 1. June 22, enlisted men wounded, 4. Total killed and wounded, 26 enlisted men. Fifth epoch, killed, 7; wounded, 19.

All through the campaign the officers and men of his command have performed their duty in an admirable manner. By the death of Captains Davis and Baxter, former killed May 10, and latter killed June 3, the Government lost the services of two valuable officers.

The following-named enlisted men I mention (they having come particularly under my notice at the dates mentioned) for coolness under fire and personal bravery: Sergt. Major Walter Carter, in all the battles of the campaign; Sergt. Wiliam H. Madden and B. F. Woodbury, company sharpshooters, on the 5th and 8th of May; Sergt. James H. Abbott, Company H, on the 30th of May; First Sergt. Philip Wenzell, Company E, on the 10th of May and 3rd of June; Corpl. Daniel Rankin, Company C, May 30; Sergt. George A. Hardman, Company B, May 10 and 23; First Sergt. Andrew Wilson, Company K, May 10, since died from wounds received that day. Private Wesley Shultz, Company C, May 30, since died of disease caused by exposure and overexertion in the heat that day. Private Joseph S. Howland, Company C, by his presence of mind saved the life of the lieutenant commanding his company on the 8th of May.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.566.

---------------

