
26th, commenced a new line of breast-work to the right of the road. 8 a.m. 27th discontinued working and moved 8 p.m. 28th to relieve First Brigade, Second Division, about one mile to the right, reaching the works at 10 p.m. The front line being occupied by the One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry (dismounted), this command, with Twenty-second Massachusetts Volunteers, bivouacked in the rear for the night. On the 29th formed a new line and built bomb-proofs. 1 a.m. 30th packed headquarters wagons; left old camp with the guard and joined the command at the front. Action commenced at 4.20 a.m. 30th, by destroying the enemy's fort in front of the Ninth Corps, followed by heavy firing along the line until 10.30, the regiment taking no part in this action.

The casualties from May 4 to July 30 are as follows: Commissioned officers-wounded, 6. Enlisted men-killed, 44; wounded, 128; missing, 2; total, 174. Aggregate, 180.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. LENTZ,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. D. McFARLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 120. Report of Colonel Alfred L. Pearson, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 155TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 7, 1864.

SIR: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

On the 14th [June] marched a distance of ten miles and go into camp near Charles City Court-House. 16th, left camp at 5 a.m., crossing James River at Wilcox's Landing on transports, taking the Petersburg road and marching until 1 o'clock that night, halting within two miles of the city, having marched a distance of twenty-eight miles. June 17, remained in camp during the day, with orders to move at a moment's notice. 18th, advanced in line of battle on the enemy's fortifications, taking the Norfolk railroad in the morning, and in the afternoon made a charge, advancing until within twenty yards of the enemy's works, but in consequence of the troops on our right and left falling back we were forced to retreat and take position in a ravine under cover, losing 12 killed, 71 wounded. Remained here until the 21st and then moved to the left half a mile and go into camp. On the 22d, at 4 p.m., were advanced to the front line, where a portion of the Second Corps had met with a repulse. After dark the regiment was advanced as skirmishers and retook the intrechments and position lost, remaining until daylight of the 23d, when we were relieved and marched back to camp, where we remained inactive until July 21; then moved to the front and occupied a portion of the line of intrenchments, nothing unusual occurring until

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 13, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.557.

---------------

