
when it resumed the march toward Charles City Court-House, which place it reached about 11 a.m. June 14, and was placed in position covering Wilcox's Ferry, on the James River. June 16, crossed the James on a ferry-boat, and marched over a very dusty road to the fortifications before Petersburg. June 18, the division was engaged, but the Third Brigade was held in reserve. June 19 and 20, the regiment was in rear of the line of battle as a support. On the latter date Major Weston returned and assumed command. On the 21st the regiment was moved farther to the left, and during the night assisted in erecting a line of earth-works, which it occupied till the 20th day of July, when it was ordered to proceed to Washington, on account of its term of service being about to expire.

B. F. MESERVEY,

Captain, Eighteenth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 124. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Wiliam A. Throop, First Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MICHIGAN VETERAN INFANTRY,Before Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

FIFTH EPOCH.

Marched at dark of the 12th [June] toward Long Bridge, on the Chickahominy, which was crossed about 3 a.m. of the 13th. Marched about three miles from river toward White Oak Swamp, and rested till 8 p.m., when we marched in the direction of Charles City Court-House, halting at 2 a.m. of the 14th and resuming our march at 5 a.m., reaching Charles City Court-House about 11 o'clock, when we halted for a few hours, and then moved up the river (James) to Wilcox's Landing, where we relieved part of the Second Corps. We remained here covering the crossing of other troops till the morning of the 16th, when we crossed to the south side of the James River on transports about 9 a.m. At 1 p.m. started for Petersburg, marching until midnight, when we bivouacked in the vicinity of Petersburg, and remained until the morning of the 18th, when we moved to the front as supports to part of our corps which was advancing and engaged with the enemy. Before night had advanced nearly a mile and built breast-works, behind which we lay on the 19th, not taking any active part in the fighting, but losing some men in wounded from the enemy's fire.

On the 20th the regiment went to the front on the picket-line, and about 1 a.m. of the 21st was relieved, and at 9 a.m. moved to the left across the railroad, and at night threw up a strong line of works in front of the enemy's works. The first five or six days after taking this position the enemy's sharpshooters were very troublesome, picking off every man who exposed himself. Lieutenant Wiliam S. Woodruff was mortally wounded here by a sharpshooters on

---------------

the 25th.

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.579.

30 R R-VOL XL, PT I

---------------

