
Since the 21st of June we have twice advanced our lines, until now we are within 600 yards of the enemy's works. There is no picket nor sharpshooters firing on our front, and all casualties since the 3rd of July have been from the enemy's artillery. Besides our picketing on our front the regiment has done an immense amount of fatigue duty in strengthening our works, building bomb-proofs, throwing up breast-works, and works for batteries, and other labor incident to the operations of a siege.

On the 30th of July the regiment was in line of battle behind its works from 3 a.m. until about 4 p.m. We were engaged all the fore part of the day keeping the enemy from working his guns, and his infantry from replying to our fire. The fire from our side was terrific, while that of the enemy was every feeble and harmless. My only casualty that day was 1 man killed.]

During the whole campaign my officers and men have done nobly, and it is almost impossible to make any particular mention of individuals where all have done so well. Long and fatiguing marches, severe and continued fighting, and all the vicissitudes of the campaign, have failed to dishearten the men, and not a complaint or word of fault has escaped from them. More could not be asked of any one.

Casualties are as follows.*

RECAPITULATION.+

 Officers.	 Men.	 Total.

Killed	 2	 9	 11

Wounded	 6	 82	 88

Prisoners	 .............	 12	 12

Total	 8	 103	 111

Very respectfully submitted.

WM. A. THROOP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Michigan Veteran Infantry.

Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 5th Army Corps.

No. 125. Report of Captain Guy W. Fuller, Sixteenth Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY VET. VOLS.,August 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: ++

FIFTH EPOCH.

On the night of the 12th [June] the regiment, under command of Captain Guy W. Fuller, moved with the corps (100 men being on picket at the time) toward the Chickahominy, crossing that river at Long Bridge on the morning of the 13th, the regiment not being engaged. In the evening

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men killed and 1 officer and 7 men wounded.

+ For the period beginning May 5, 1864.

++ For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.583.

---------------

