
of the same day marched toward the James River, marching all night, halting at noon of the 14th near Charles City Court-House for an hour, and then moving to within a short distance of the river, near Wilcox's Landing. About midnight occupied breast-works vacated by Second Corps, and on the morning of the 16th crossed the James River on transports and at once took up the line of march for Petersburg. At 1 o'clock on the morning of the 17th went into line of battle near Barton's house. On the morning of the 18th moved to the left, taking up position in the second line, and at dusk moving forward to the support of the First Brigade. Threw up breast-works and remained in this position without being engaged until night of the 20th, when, being relieved, Colonel Norval E. Welch being in command, rejoined brigade and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 21st moved to the left, taking position on the left of the Second Division and erecting breast-works. From that time until the 30th of July the regiment has remained in the front line, advancing the line and throwing up new breast-works once, having no particular engagement with the enemy. On the 30th the regiment took part in the demonstration against the enemy, keeping a continuous musketry fire during five hours, the enemy making very little reply.

During the operations above detailed the regiment has lost an aggregate of 160 officers and men, killed, wounded, and missing, in actual engagements.*

G. W. FULLER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., Fifth Corps.

No. 126. Report of Major Edward B. Knox, Forty-fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH NEW YORK STATE VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., August 6, 1864.

lieutenant:+

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 12, at 8 p.m. took up the line of march for Long Bridge, arriving at 2 a.m. of the 13th; crossed the Chickahominy at daylight and moved out on the New Market road three miles. At 8 p.m. again started, moving toward Charles City Court-House, where we arrived at 10 a.m. the following morning. On the 12th [14th], at 12 m., continued the march toward the James River, reaching Wilcox's Landing at 2 p.m. and went into bivouac. On the 16th crossed the James River at noon and marched toward Petersburg, arriving within three miles of that city and bivouacked at 2 a.m. 17th. On the 18th, at 7 a.m., moved to the front and relieved a portion of the Ninth Corps. At 6 p.m. constructed breast-works in front line. Remained in works until the 20th at 10 p.m., when we were relieved and marched to the rear. Our loss while in this

position was 3 men killed and 2 wounded. On the 21st

---------------

*From May 5, 1864.

+For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.586.

---------------

