
took position in front line about one mile to the left of our former position and constructed works, losing on the skirmish line 1 man killed and 1 wounded. Since which time up to July 30 we have occupied nearly the same position, losing a few men, but not having been actively engaged.

On the morning of July 30, at 3.30, the regiment was under arms, and immediately after the springing of the mine under, the fort in front of the Ninth Corps, and the opening of the artillery along the line we opened a heavy musketry fire, which continued for half an hour. The enemy making no reply the order to cease firing was given. During the affair we met with no casualties.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. KNOX,

Major, Commanding Forty-fourth New York State Volunteers.

Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., Fifth Corps.

No. 127. Report of Lieutenant Colonel De Witt C. McCoy, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Near Petersburg, Va., August 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

June 12, marched, crossing the Chickahominy River at Long Bridge on the morning of the 13th, and then the James the 16th, arriving near Petersburg the same night. June 18, engaged, supporting troops of the First and Second Brigades of this division. From the 18th of June to the 30th of July, engaged in erecting and occupying works in front of the enemy's line near Petersburg, which works we occupied during the attack on the enemy's lines during July 30. Casualties: Officers-killed, 1; wounded, 2 [Enlisted men]- killed, 7; wounded, 27; missing, 3.

The following are the losses during the campaign: Officers-killed, 3; wounded, 7; total, 10. Enlisted men-killed, 50; wounded, 208; missing, 54; total, 312. Total loss in killed, wounded, and missing, 322.

It is believed that many of those reported as missing are either killed or severely wounded and in the hands of the enemy, but enough is not known to justify reporting them as other that missing.

It is deemed unnecessary to speak further of the officers of the command than to say all have performed their duty promptly, faithfully, and well, during the entire campaign. The same is stated with regard to the enlisted men with but few exceptions.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. McCOY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant L. C. BARTLETT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 5th Army Corps.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to July 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.588.

---------------

