
Crossed the river on the 13th, marched to James River, via Charles City Court-House, and at 11 a.m. June 16 crossed the James and moved for Petersburg, reaching its vicinity on the 17th. On the 18th the brigade advanced in line of battle with General Cutler's division, driving the enemy's skirmishers, sustaining a loss of 6 men killed and 2 officers and 19 men wounded. Rejoined Second Division at 2 p.m. and moved to the south side of the Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad; did not become engaged, though we moved to the support of Second and Sixth Army Corps, until the 25th, when we relieved troops, which position we held until the 28th of July. Whilst occupying this position we lost 2 men killed and 20 wounded. Nothing further of importance transpired until the engagement on the Weldon railroad, of which reports have been forwarded.

[Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. A. GRAHAM,

Colonel. Commanding Brigade.]

No. 130. Report of Colonel Richard N. Bowerman, Fourth Maryland Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT MARYLAND VOL. INFANTRY,Near Petersburg, August 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 13, 4 p.m., marched with corps and crossed the Chickahominy River at Long Bridge; went on picket at Turner's Bridge; at dark withdrew pickets, and marched toward Charles City road; bivouacked. Next day (14th) marched in direction of James River, and went into camp about noon four miles from river.

June 16, marched to Wilcox's Landing and crossed the James River on transports to the south side, landing near Wind-Mill Point; 4 p.m. took up march in direction of Petersburg; daylight of 17th halted. At 3 p.m. went to the left, and lay on our arms during the night in rear of the Ninth Corps under fire of artillery.

June 18, at daylight joined General Cutler's division, and formed portion of his advance in line to the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad; 10 a.m. rejoined division and went in column in woods; 3 p.m. received orders from Colonel Dushane to prolong the left of first Brigade, which was changing position to the right; in doing so got under a most terrific fire of artillery and musketry; 5 p.m. ordered to the breast-works thrown up in the morning by the Sixth New York Heavy Artillery in rear of battery on left of line of enemy's captured works; remained here till noon 22nd instant; went down to Second Corps as re-enforcements; returned same day to position in breast-works in rear of battery.

June 23, went to the Sixth Corps as re-enforcements; threw up strong line of works. 11 p.m. fell back to Jerusalem road; remained till 6 p.m.

June 24, returned to old position in rear of division; threw up pits.

June 25, at sundown went to the front in the advanced trenches, relieving Third Brigade. Staid in these trenches till the 28th of July,

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.603.

---------------

