
Second Division. The position it occupied now connected on the right with the Maryland Brigade, on the left with the First Division, Fifth Corps. Until the 27th of July the regiment occupied the same position. There was no firing in our front, and our loss during this time amounted to 9 men wounded by premature explosion of shells from our batteries in our rear and 1 officer and 2 men wounded by stray balls. The regiment had to furnish strong details for fatigue work and to be ready to meet an attack at any time. On the evening of the 27th the regiment was relieved by troops from the First Division, and went to camp in the rear near the Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad. On the evening of the 29th the regiment was called upon to take part in the assault upon the enemy's works, but it did not come into action. At noon the following day it returned to its former camp, having lost but 1 man wounded.

I am happy to be able to state that officers and men under my command behaved well on all occasions.

M. WIEDRICH,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth Regiment New York Artillery.

No. 132. Report of Brigadier General Samuel W. Crawford, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations June 17.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,June 18, 1864-2 a.m.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from corps headquarters, I at 6.45 p.m. moved my command to the support of General Ledlie's command, First Division, Ninth Army Corps, the Third Brigade, of my command, Colonel Carle commanding, in the advance, and the First and Second Brigades in supporting distance. It was reported to me that General Ledlie's division occupied and held the enemy's line of breast-works. The Third Brigade on advancing found this report to be erroneous, General Ledlie occupying only the enemy's skirmish line. Colonel Carle advanced in front of General Ledlie's line, and by a gallant effort succeeded in capturing the Thirty-ninth Regiment North Carolina Troops, the commanding officer of which surrendered to Colonel Carle, himself, regiment, and colors. These prisoners were sent to the rear by Colonel Carle, and turned over to one of my aides, and seized by General Ledlie from him. I respectfully insist that the prisoners and colors of the Thirty-ninth Regiment North Carolina Troops were taken by Colonel Carle, and he alone should receive for the same. General Ledlie's line having fallen back, and not deeming it prudent for Colonel Carle to remain in his advanced and exposed position, I ordered Colonel Lyle, commanding First Brigade, to relieve him with a strong skirmish line, and to place his line of battle on a prolongation of General Ledlie's line. The enemy is enabled by means of a battery placed in an advantageous position to enfilade our lines, rendering it impossible for my line to advance unless the troops on my left advance to capture or silence the battery. The enemy's force in my immediate front consists of Pickett's division, of Longstreet's corps, in a strongly intrenched position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps.

