
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,June 18, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Burnside for a report as to so much of the within as relates to the capture of a North Carolina regiment.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 133. Report of Brigadier General Lysander Cutler, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 13, 1864.

COLONEL: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

At 4 p.m. the 13th [June] I was ordered to move on to Charles City and to take charge of the trains of the corps on the march. It was nearly night when I got the trains all in motion. I arrived with the trains at 3 a.m. on the 14th, and went into camp one mile from Wilcox's Landing, where I remained until 4 a.m. of the 16th, when I crossed the James River and moved toward Petersburg, following General Griffin, and encamping within about three miles of the town at Burchett's house. At daylight on the 17th I sent the One hundred and forty-seventh New York to picket the Blackwater, and moved my command forward and went into position on the left of the Ninth Corps, my left extending toward the Blackwater, and intrenched within about 600 yards of the enemy's works. At daylight on the 18th I was ordered to move on the enemy's works. The order was immediately executed. The enemy's first and second lines were found to have been abandoned during the night. A few men who were left asleep only were found. I pushed my skirmishers and line of battle forward across the Norfolk railroad, and found the enemy on the crest beyond and in front of Petersburg. The enemy had set fire to the bridges across the railroad cut as they retired. I immediately rebuilt the bridge in my front to enable the batteries to come up. Having formed my command on the left of the railroad in two lines, I moved forward, my right resting on the road, and drove in the enemy's pickets on his works in front of the town, General Ayres' (Second) division having in the mean time come in on my left. At 2.50 p.m. an order was

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 13, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.610.

---------------

