
No report has been received from the First or Third Brigades. That from the Second Brigade (Colonel Hofmann) is herewith submitted.*

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. CUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

No. 134 Report of Major Merit C. Welsh, Seventh Indiana Infantry, First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,August 7, 1864.+

FIFTH EPOCH.

Crossed the Chickahominy River at Long Bridge June 13, marching that night to near Charles City Court-House, Va., where we remained until the morning of the 16th, when we crossed the James River, Va., at Wilcox's Landing. On evening of same day marched past Prince George Court-House to within three miles of Petersburg, where made a short halt, moving the morning of 17th of June to the left of the Ninth Corps, and threw up rifle-pits in close proximity to the enemy's works in front of Petersburg. The morning of 18th, when we advanced and took part in the charge on the rebel works, Seventh Indiana had less than 100 men in the charge, a large detail being on picket duty. Loss in charge, 1 officer, 2 men killed; 2 officers, 28 men wounded. We threw up works within 300 yards of the enemy's works, which we occupied till the evening of July 30 alternately with the division, on two and off three days.

The day of assault (30th of July) occupied the front line of works on the extreme right of Fifth Corps. Loss before Petersburg, 2 officers, 10 men killed; 2 officers, 55 men wounded; 1 man missing.

Five men selected for secret expedition June 19 have not been heard of, but are supposed to have been captured.

M. C. WELSH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

No. 135. Report of Colonel J. Wiliam Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS,In Front of Petersburg, August 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: ++

FIFTH EPOCH.

Moved on Petersburg at 2 p.m. 16th [June]; bivouacked two miles beyond Prince George Court-House, on the plantation of Mr. Burchett.

---------------

* Same as given in Hofmann's report, p.477.

+ For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.616.

++ For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 16, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.622.

---------------

