
During the campaign the officers and men of the brigade have evinced great bravery, patriotism, and fortitude. From May 3 to July 31, a period of nearly ninety days, not more than five days passed that they were not under the fire of the enemy.

I desire to mention my staff-Captain Cowdrey, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Watkins, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Lambdin, Lieutenant Healy and Lieutenant Bush, acting aides-de-camp-for their efficiency in promulgating and attending to the execution of my orders.

I herewith transmit a tabular recapitulation of casualties in the brigade during the campaign: Killed, 14 officers, 197 men; seriously wounded, 26 officers, 424 men; wounded slightly, 15 officers, 389 men; wounded (description unknown), 6 officers, 128 men; missing, 23 officers, 376 men; total, 84 officers, 1,514 men; aggregate, 1,598.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOFMANN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. McCLELLAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, Fifth Army Corps.

No. 136. Report of Captain James E. Baily, Third Delaware Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS,August 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

We left this place Sunday night, June 12, pushing rapidly forward across Long Bridge, over the Chickahominy, on morning of 13th, and from thence, with our division, to near Charles City Court-House, arriving morning 14th of June. Rested till noon of 16th and then crossed the James from Wilcox's Wharf on board transport to Wind-Mill Point; thence forward to within some two miles of Petersburg; halted at midnight and forward next day, our regiment connecting, deployed, along a road perpendicular to Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad, between our brigade and Burnside's corps. Lost 2 men mortally and 1 slightly wounded.

June 18, early our brigade formed line parallel to railroad; moved forward, brigade front, past Colonel Avery's house, though woods, and across the railroad; were moved back by the flank and about again, forming new line in woods south of the road. Forward again, left swinging round until we occupied line along the edge of the woods at angle of 75 degrees to railroad; then up to the crest of hill in open field some 500 yards from rebel works. Fixed bayonets and at 3.30 p.m. steadily forward, the First Brigade supporting, object to direct and enfilading fire of musketry and artillery till half the distance was passed, when we wavered, broke, and fell back, but preserving our organization. The regiment was reformed on the crest from which we started, and after moved to the right a short distance behind earth-works. After dark forward some twenty yards, where breast-works were thrown up. Loss, killed, 1 officer, 7 men; wounded, 3 officers

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 29 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.628.

---------------

