
and 45 men, and several slightly. We remained in this position under close fire of rebel sharpshooters until June 29. Loss, killed, 1 man; wounded, 2 officers and 7 men. We moved back 300 yards into woods, and after occupied the works alternately with the First Brigade three days out of five.

On the morning of the 30th of July we lay in reserve in a covered way near the works, which had been strengthened and rendered formidable during the month of July.

Commanding officers: Lieutenant-Colonel Dorrell, till June 18; then killed. Captain McKaig, till July 26; discharged. Captain James E. Baily.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. E. BAILY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain F. H. COWDREY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Fourth Div., Fifth Corps.

No. 137. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles E. La Motte, Fourth Delaware Infantry, of operations June 1-30.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS,August 10, 1864.

In obedience to paragraph 5, Special Orders, Numbers 209, Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report:

The Fourth Delaware Regiment reported to Major-General Meade at Bethesda Church, Va., and was by him assigned to the Fifth Corps on June 1, 1864, and June 2, 1864 was assigned to Colonel Bragg, commanding Third Brigade, Fourth Division, and there took part in the engagement of that date, and remained temporarily under command of Colonel Hofmann, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division, until June 5, when it moved to Cold Harbor, on its arrival at which place it was permanently assigned to the Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

FIFTH EPOCH.

Leaving Cold Harbor June 7 the regiment reached the Chickahominy railroad bridge the evening of same day, and, after remaining there until June 12, crossed Chickahominy at Long Bridge on the morning of June 13, and arrived at Charles City Court-House the same night. On June 16 the regiment crossed the James River and halted for the night at Prince George Court-House. In the morning it moved forward until coming in front of the enemy's first line before Petersburg; it threw up works sufficient for protection and remained there until the morning of June 18, when it advanced, crossing the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad, and at 3 p.m. assaulted the enemy's line in front of Petersburg, where, being repulsed, it fell back and threw up works, occupying them until June [July] 30. During the assault of that date the regiment, with the Second Brigade, was held in reserve to be thrown where required.

C. E. LA MOTTE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Delaware Volunteers.

Captain COWDREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

