
June 18, advanced on the works deserted by the enemy and crossed the Suffolk railroad; p.m. charged the enemy's works and were repulsed. Many of the men advanced so far that they were unable to return until after dark. At night threw up works.

June 19 to 30, a continual musketry fire was kept up by both sides on account of the close proximity of the works to each other.

July 1 to 30, an unceasing musketry fire kept up during the whole month.

JOHN T. JACK,

Major, Commanding Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

[For operations of the One hundred any fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, June 1-July 30, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.636.]

No. 142. Reports of Colonel Charles S. Wainwright, First New York Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BRIGADE, FIFTH CORPS,September 1, 1864.

COLONEL: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 12, marched by cross-roads to Long Bridge; crossed the Chickahominy about midnight. June 13, remained near the crossing all day. Barnes' and Hart's batteries accompanied Third Division on reconnaissance to near White Oak Swamp; Barnes only slightly engaged. During the night marched by Saint Mary's Church to near Charles City Court-House, arriving on the morning of June 14, and 15th remained in camp. June 16, crossed the James by pontoon bridge and marched all day and night, arriving at break of day. June 17, in the afternoon, when the Fourth Division formed on the left of the Ninth Corps, Major Fitzhugh accompanied it with Mink's and Breck's batteries, placing them in position to the left of the Norfolk road and in front of the Deserted House, between this road and the Norfolk railroad, where they engaged the guns on the enemy's right. About dusk Cooper's battery (Captain resumed command this day) was also brought up and posted south of the Avery house, opening on the enemy's work around that house at 500 yards. The other batteries not engaged. June 18, at sunrise Cutler's division advanced to the Avery house and the edge of the woods beyond. Breck's, Mink's, and Cooper's batteries were pushed forward with them and took position to the right of the woods along a ridge opening on the enemy's batteries and troops beyond the railroad. Soon after, Barnes', Bigelow's, and Hart's batteries were brought up on the right of these and also opened. Meanwhile Ayres' division, with Rittenhouse's, Rogers', and Walcott's batteries, had passed around to the left of Cutler and crossed the rail-road. The three batteries went into position 900 yards in front of the

---------------

* For portions of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.639.

---------------

31 R R-VOL XL, PT I

