
great salient of the enemy's works and opened fire. Phillips', Stewart's, and Richardson's, were engaged in line with the First Division on the right of the road which crosses the railroad near the Taylor house, advancing as the infantry did until about 10 o'clock, when they had reached within 200 yards of the railroad and took a good position parallel to it, the right close to the above-mentioned dirt road, where they remained the remainder of the day, warmly engaged most of the time and doing good service. So soon as the enemy's skirmishers were driven out of the woods on the far side of the railroad Mink's battery was thrown forward and formed at right angles to and about 500 yards from the railroad, firing up the track and driving the enemy out of the clump of woods at the ice-house. Barnes was removed to within 100 yards of Mink's right, and Cooper was also brought forward. Having gained the railroad along the whole front of this corps, about noon the Second and Fourth Divisions, with a portion of the First, being established beyond it, Mink's battery was moved to the edge of this cut, to the right of the Taylor house; engaged two of the enemy's guns immediately in his front at 500 yards, and kept them silent nearly all the time. Bigelow's and Hart's batteries were taken across the railroad and halted behind the crest with Chamberlain's brigade, First Division, while slight lunettes were being thrown up on the crest held by our skirmish line. At 3 p.m., when the general attack was made, these batteries were shoved up on the crest and opened on the enemy's works as our troops passed down into the intervening ravine. Barnes' battery was soon after brought over and posted about seventy-five yards to the left of the others. The attack failing, the batteries covered the withdrawal of our troops. The position held by Mink's, Bigelow's, and Hart's batteries was within easy canister and musketry range of the enemy's works, and all suffered severely. Their practice, nevertheless, was excellent and reflected great credit on officers and men. After dark Barnes, Bigelow, and Hart were withdrawn.

June 19 to July 30. Captain Mink's battery remained in position near the Taylor house until the morning of June 24, firing occasional shots during the time, when it was relieved by a battery of the Ninth Corps, and camped in reserve. Bigelow's battery returned to its position beyond the railroad on the 19th and 20th. On the 21st this battery was assigned to Crawford's (Third) division and took position on the 24th to the left of the Jerusalem plank road in front of the Gregory house, where it remained until July 12, when it was removed into the large redoubt. Hart's battery relieved Bigelow's in its position of the 18th beyond the railroad on the morning of the 21st, where it remained until the 28th, on which day it went into reserve until July 13, when it occupied the smaller redoubt back of the Chieves house. Cooper's and Breck's batteries held their positions near the front of the woods, in front of the Avery house, until the 20th, when they were assigned to Crawford's division, and on the 26th relieved two batteries of the Second Corps in the small works west of the plank road. Cooper remained here until the end of the period covered by this report. Breck was moved into the large redoubt on the 12th of July. Rittenhouse, Rogers, and Walcott remained in their positions of the 18th until our line was advanced on the 13th of July, when these batteries also moved forward into works constructed for them at a distance of 600 yards from the great salient of the enemy's works. They fired at times during the whole of this time, doing neither good nor harm. Barnes, Stewart, Phillips, and Richardson remained in reserve until the morning of the 19th.

