
Excepting in the engagements on the North Anna, May 23, and in front of Petersburg, June 18, the campaign covered by this report afforded but little opportunity for the legitimate and successful use of artillery. There were but few days, to be sure, in which some of the batteries were not engaged with the enemy's artillery, but as they were always well protected the most accomplished was a temporary quieting of their fire. Hardly a charge was made, either by or upon our lines, which was not made through the woods, where artillery could do almost nothing. In the few opportunities that there were of bringing a single section or battery into play (as near Bethesda Church on the 30th of May by Lieutenant Richardson, and again on the 2nd of June by Lieutenant Stewart) it was quickly and well done. At the North Anna the prompt movement of Mink's Walcott's, and Matthewson's batteries of light 12-pounder undoubtedly relieved the corps from great danger, if they did not save it from defeat.

The ground moved over by the corps in its advance on the 18th of June was mostly open and intersected by gentle slopes, affording the very best chance for the maneuvering of light batteries, which I believe I say was taken full advantage of.

The losses of the brigade in material have not been heavy, but in officers and men it has suffered materially, especially in the former.

Captain H. W. Davis and Second Lieutenant De Mott, First New York Artillery, First Lieutenant Peleg W. Blake, of the Fifth Massachusetts Battery, and First Lieutenant Thomas Goodman, serving with B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, were either killed in action or died of wounds received shortly after. All of them were officers of great promise, and who stood high in the estimation of those who knew them.

To Major R. H. Fitzhugh, First New York Artillery, Captain J. H. Cooper, First Pennsylvania Artillery, and Captain A. P. Martin, Massachusetts Artillery, the senior officers of the brigade, and who frequently held detached commands of two or more batteries, I have been indebted for most valuable services. I regret to say that both the last-named officers since left the service after having for three years held the position of captains of artillery and participated in all the actions of this army. The false organization of the artillery arm in our service provides no way of rewarding such officers by deserved promotion.

In every case during the campaign I have found all the battery commanders prompt to perform the duties required of them, and fully seconded by their subordinates and men.

Where all have done so well I can have no particular individual to bring to the notice of the commanding general.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Colonel First New York Artillery, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 3, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the major-general commanding the corps, the following statement of the part taken by my command in the affair of the 30th ultimo:

The following disposition of batteries was made on the night of the 29th: Mink's (H, First New York, four light 12-pounder) was posted

