
in the first battery on the right of the line occupied by this corps, his guns covering the enemy's battery next the one over the mine. In Batteries 2 and 3, immediately on the left of Mink's, two batteries of the Sixth Corps, Harn's (Third New York, light 12-pounders) and White's (Fourth Maine, 3-inch) were posted, bearing on the enemy's guns directly in front and on those to the north of the small brown house. Immediately in the rear of these batteries were eleven Coehorn mortars, under Lieutenants Hazelton and McPherson, the whole of the above-named guns being under the immediate command of Major R. H. Fitzhugh until he was wounded, and then under Captain C. E. Mink, as ranking officer. Near the center of our line, and immediately opposite the great salient, were four batteries, under the command of Lieutenant G. W. Dresser, Fourth Artillery, and brigade inspector. Of these Van Reed's (D, Fifth United States) and a section of Roger's (B, First New York), both 3-inch Parrotts, bore upon all the enemy's batteries to our right of the salient, and together with Major Fitzhugh's batteries swept all the hill that rises in rear of the enemy's works, while the remaining section of Rogers' battery and the light 12-pounder of Walcott's (C, Massachusetts) and Stewart's (B, Fourth United States) bore upon the salient itself. Immediately in rear of these batteries Colonel Abbot had established his large battery of ten 10-inch mortars and another of six 8-inch mortars about 300 yards to the right of this. These mortar batteries were not under my control. Some 300 yards to the left of Lieutenant Dresser's position Phillips' (E, Massachusetts) battery, four 3-inch guns, also bore upon the great salient, and about 200 yards from there Winslow's battery (D, First New York, light 12-pounders) occupied the little redan, with one section bearing on the enemy's salient and the other on his batteries beyond the Burnt Chimneys. In the work on the right od the plank road Captain Hexamer, of the First New Jersey Artillery, had two batteries of his brigade (Sixth Corps), H, First Ohio, 3-inch, and E, Fifth United States, light 12-pounders, and six 4 1/2-inch siege guns, under charge of Captain Brown, of the Fourth New York Artillery. The ten rifled guns bore upon the great salient and the redoubt behind it, while the 12-pounder battery was directed upon the enemy's batteries beyond our left. Cooper's (B, First Pennsylvania Artillery) and Barnes' (C, First New York), both 3-inch batteries, also bore upon these extreme batteries of the enemy from the works outside the large redoubt. There were, therefore, twenty-eight rifled and twenty-four 12-pounder field pieces, six 4 1/2-inch siege guns, and eleven Coehorn mortars in position along the line and in rear of this corps, besides the sixteen mortars and six siege guns, under Colonel Abbot, making a total of ninety-one pieces of ordnance which took part in the bombardment.

It was very near sunrise when the mine was exploded; and this being the signal ordered for the opening of the artillery, not more than one minute had elapsed before all the batteries were in active operation. The most stringent orders and directions had been given to avoid firing into the advancing columns of our own troops, and I have not been able to learn of a single case of any of them being injured by shot or shell from the batteries of the command. The range was short; the fire of our guns exact and crushing; so that the enemy were unable to reply, to any extent, from their guns on their front line, of which, however, I believe they had very few in position. Not a shot was fired by them from any of their batteries to the right of their great salient; consequently our guns bearing in that direction soon slackened their fire, and only renewed it when there appeared to be any movement of

