
battery took position and fired 161 rounds. Private Flynn slightly wounded. Remained in same position until the night of the 13th of July, firing during the time 160 rounds with no other casualties. Battery went into position in the new line of works on the night of the 13th. Fired from the position taken on the 13th, up to the 30th, seventy-three rounds. No casualties. Fired during the assault on the enemy's works on the 30th 370 rounds; no casualties.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. ROGERS,

First Lieutenant Commanding Battery B, First New York Artillery.

ASST. ADJT. General, ARTILLERY Brigadier, FIFTH CORPS.

Numbers 144. Report of Lieutenant Lester I. Richardson, Battery D, First New York Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY D, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,August 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

FIFTH EPOCH.

Left camp at dark, and at daylight of the morning of June 13 found us near the Chickahominy River. Crossed the river about 7 a.m. at Long Bridge, moved on about two miles, where we camped for the day. Moved out of camp at dark, and at daylight, Tuesday, June 14, still on the march; went into camp at 10 a.m. near Charles City Court-House, and moved out of camp at 2 p.m. same day. Marched about three miles, and camped one mile from the James River, near Wilcox's Wharf. June 15, remained in camp all day. June 16, moved out this morning before light, crossed the James River on pontoons near Wind-Mill Point, marched to near Petersburg, and at 2 p.m. camped for the night. June 17, remained in camp during the day. June 18, moved out this morning at 6 a.m.; was assigned my position about 8 a.m., 600 yards in front and some 300 to the right of headquarters. As I went in position the enemy's batteries were firing, but with very poor effect. I remained here about half an hour, when I was ordered to advance my battery. I moved forward say 200 yards, and to my right about 100, moving only one gun at a time. During this time and before this we had failed to injure the enemy's battery to any extent, as far as we knew. After firing a few rounds from this last position, I was ordered up still farther, and as the fire was at that time it was impossible to move my guns with horses, so I would fire my guns and then run them up a little more than the recoil, and in that manner I got my position, where we remained during the day. June 19, left the front this morning about 8 a.m., moved to the rear a short distance, and went in camp for the day. June 20 to 30, inclusive (see Lieutenant D. F. Ritchie's report+). July 1 to 21, inclusive, remained in camp. July 22, moved out and occupied the works in rear of General Griffin's headquarters, where we remained until the night of July 24, when I was ordered to move

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 5 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.649.

+ Not found.

---------------

