
out and take my battery to the front. Two of my guns were put in Fort Tilton and two in a small redan on the right of Fort Tilton. On the evening of July 29 I received orders to remove the two guns from Fort Tilton to the redan, thus getting my battery together, in which position they were July 30.

I cannot close this hastily written report without speaking of the gallant conduct of the officers and men under my command. The duties throughout the whole campaign were most arduous, and the battles from May 5 to June 18, inclusive, were the most fearful and hardest fought of any in which this battery has been engaged. Although exposed while in action to a heavy fire of artillery and infantry, my officers and men maintained throughout a coolness and bravery worthy of all praise. Lieutenant De Mott (killed June 3), Lieutenant Fuller, and First Sergeant Babcock commanded their respective sections to my entire satisfaction, and are entitled to all honors that can be bestowed upon officers for gallant conduct; and my non-commissioned officers, to them also are entitled the same honor, and not a man but performed his duty nobly and cheerfully; not a murmur or complaints was heard either upon the tiresome marches or upon the battle-field.

Yours respectfully,

L. I. RICHARDSON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery D, First New York Artillery.

Lieutenant F. MORRIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 145. Report of Lieutenant James B. Hazelton, Battery E, First New York Light Artillery, of operations July 11-30.
HDQRS. COMPANY E., FIRST NEW YORK LIGHT ARTY.,August 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with requirements of Special Orders, Numbers 209, August 5, 1864, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to report as follows as regards the participation of Light Company E, First New York Artillery, since its reorganization under my command and assignment to the temporary service of Coehorn mortar battery previous to and during the late assault upon the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va.:

I have the honor to report that I occupied position selected by Major R. H. Fitzhugh upon right of Fifth Corps line in front of Petersburg, Va., upon the 11th day of July, 1864. During the evening of the 11th and the following day I was engaged in throwing up works. At 8.30 p.m. of the 12th I received orders from headquarters Fifth Corps placing me under command of Brigadier-General Ayres, commanding Second Division, Fifth Corps, and was by General Ayres placed under direction of Colonel Kitching, commanding brigade. Reported to Colonel Kitching and received instructions to open fire and continue it at intervals during the night, as the enemy were reported to be constructing a heavy work in Colonel Kitching's front. During the 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, and 17th instant continued to fire whenever the enemy opened their mortars from my front upon our troops or attempted the strengthening of their works. Upon the 15th fired one of the

