
Numbers 147. Report of Lieutenant Charles L. Anderson, Battery L, First New York Artillery.*
HDQRS. BATTERY L, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,August 9, 1864.

SIR: *

V.

Crossed the Chickahominy River on the 13th day of June at Long Bridge. June 16, crossed the James River at Wind-Mill Point upon the great pontoon bridge, and went into park. In the afternoon of same day took up line of march, which was continued all night, bringing us at daylight before Petersburg defenses. At meridian on the 17th, together with Battery B, First Pennsylvania Artillery, engaged rebel Batteries Nos. 18 and 19, expending 200 rounds of ammunition with satisfactory practice. At daylight of the 18th advanced with Brigadier-General Cutler's division (Fourth), Fifth Army Corps, passing the rebel Colonel Avery's house, and entering the open field and the city of Petersburg. Under fire of the enemy's artillery we went into action at a trot, engaging his batteries for an hour, which were again strongly posted; when, being re-enforced by many other batteries of our brigade, we fired advancing, principally by hand, to the front for a distance of fifty yards. Ceased firing by order of Colonel Wainwright, First New York Artillery, and withdrew to the rear. We expended in this action 480 rounds of ammunition. The concentrated fire of eight batteries of the Fifth Army Corps had completely silenced the enemy. We suffered a loss of 1 man, severely wounded. [June 20, one sergeant, one corporal, and eleven men were detached, together with portion of E Company, First New York Artillery, temporarily serving with this command, for service with Coehorn mortars before Petersburg].

June 24, together with Battery B, First Pennsylvania Artillery, and the Ninth Massachusetts Battery, we reported to Brigadier-General Crawford, commanding Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, and were posted at right angles with the Jerusalem plank road, relieving batteries of the Second Corps. For a month at this portion of the line the enemy continued a desultory fire, our instructions being not to reply. The only compliments we could return him were those of a contemptuous silence.

[July 21, the commanding officer, First Lieutenant George Breck (recently commissioned as captain), became incapacitated for duty by being struck down by a kind of malarial fever; was ordered to brigade hospital for treatment.]

On the 26th of July we moved to left and rear and were posted on the south front of Fort Warren, joining the Ninth Massachusetts Battery and First Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel Lyle, Ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, where upon the 30th we were in anticipation of an attack upon the left and rear of our line.

---------------

* The parts of this report inserted in brackets [] appear as foot-notes in the original.

+ For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.656.

---------------

