
Owing to the necessary length of this report, the necessity is felt of abruptly closing it. A recapitulation of casualties and much notes as seem needful to a history of the command throughout the campaign are submitted with the report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. ANDERSON,

First Lieutenant Commanding Battery L, First New York Light Artillery.

Lieutenant FORD. MORRIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. BATTERY L, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,August 9, 1864.

List of casualties occurring to this command from May 4, 1864, to July 30, 1864, inclusive [nominal list omitted]: Recapitulation: Mortally wounded, 2; severely wounded, 2; prisoners, 2; total, 6.

No. 148. Report of Major Henry R. Dalton, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, First Division, Sixth Army Corps, of operations June 12-July 9.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,November 29, 1864.

MAJOR:*

FIFTH EPOCH.

On the evening of the 12th [June] the division moved with the other divisions of the corps toward Charles City Court-House. On the 14th arrived in the vicinity of the James River, four miles from Charles City Court-House. On the evening of the 16th the division embarked for Bermuda Hundred, where it arrived on the morning of the 17th, and marched to the rear of General Butler's line of works, and was posted as reserve. The division on the night of the 18th was ordered out in front of the line of works to support an attack which was to have been made by Ames' division; the attack was, however, given up, and the troops returned to camp, where they remained until the morning of the 19th, when we moved across the Appomattox, and up to the front of Petersburg, relieving General Martindale's division, of the Eighteenth Corps, on the extreme right of the line. The division remained in this position until the evening of the 21st, when we moved to the left, going into position on the left of General Barlow's division, of the Second Corps. On the afternoon of the 29th the division moved to Reams' Station, on the Weldon railroad, where it remained till the evening, having destroyed several miles of the road. On the morning of the 1st of July, moved back to the position on the left of the Second Corps, which position was held until the 9th instant [July].

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY R. DALTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major C. A. WHITTIER.

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 11, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.659.

---------------

