
No. 149. Report of Captain Baldwin Hufty, Fourth New Jersey Infantry, First Brigade, of operations June 13-July 10.
HDQRS. FOURTH NEW JERSEY VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,October 9, 1864.

SIR: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 13, marched all day; crossed the Chickahominy at 5 p.m. June 14, marched to Charles City Court-House and camped. June 15, threw up breast-works. June 16, embarked at 12 m. for Bermuda Hundred. June 17, landed at Bermuda Hundred in the morning; marched to support General Butler. June 19, crossed the Appomattox; exposed during the day to severe artillery fire. June 21, relieved in the evening. June 22, built breast-works; left them in afternoon and charged took them in the evening; found nobody there to dispute our right. From June 23 to 29 nothing of any interest occured. June 29, portion of the regiment detailed for picket. The remainder marched with the corps to Reams' Station on the Weldon railroad, a portion acting as flankers on the march and the remainder sent on picket in the evening, where it remained until the work of destroying the railroad was accomplished. June 30, left Reams' Station and marched to the Jerusalem plank road, where the force encamped. July 1, marched and arrived within the intrenchments. From July 2 to July 9 the regiment remained quietly in camp doing nothing; nothing occurred beyond the usual duties of camp life, picket duty, &amp;c. July 9, started for City Point. July 10, arrived at City Point, where the corps embarked on transports for the relief of Maryland, which was invaded by the rebels.

Such in brief is a history of the operations of this regiment through a period of sixty-seven days, marked by many marches and harder fighting, through all of which the regiment sustained its good name, the officers and men performing their duties with cheerfulness and alacrity.

Respectfully, yours,

BALDWIN HUFTY,

Captain, Fourth New Jersey Veteran Infantry, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES R. PAUL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., Sixth Corps.

Numbers 150. Report of Brigadier General Emory Upton, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 12-July 10.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,September 1, 1864.

MAJOR:*

FIFTH EPOCH.

The brigade marched at 11 p.m. June 12 toward the Chickahominy. June 13, was detached to guard the artillery and trains; crossed the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge, and encamped. June 14, resumed the march at 6 a.m. and encamped near the James River at 11 a.m. June

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.663.

+ For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 665.

---------------

