
17, 1 a.m., took transport at Wilson's Wharf; disembarked at Bermuda Hundred at 6 a.m., rejoined the corps near Point of Rocks. June 18, moved in front of the works at 1 a.m. to support the attack of two brigades upon Longstreet's corps. The order of attack was countermanded and the brigade returned to its former position. June 19, marched at 5 a.m. for Petersburg; relieved Stannard's brigade on the right at 10 p.m. and intrenched during the night. June 21, 9 p.m., was relieved by Stannard's division and marched across the Jerusalem plank road to the left of the Second Corps. June 22, advanced with Second Corps, met the enemy, but was not engaged. Captain R. S. Mackenzie, U. S. Engineers, commanding Second Connecticut, was wounded. An attack was ordered at 7 p.m. The line advanced, but the enemy had retired. June 23, several changes of position were made and works constructed near Wiliams' house. June 29, 3 p.m., marched to Reams' Station. June 30, destroyed track and returned to Jerusalem plank road. July 2, returned to Wiliams' house. July 10, marched to City Point and took transport for Washington.

The loss of the brigade during the campaign was 329 killed, 713 wounded, 263 missing; total, 1, 305.

The officers and men endured the hardships of the campaign with remarkable patience, while the loss sustained sufficiently attests their gallantry.

From the members of my staff-Capts. J. D. Fish and F. G. Sanborn, Lieuts. F. W. Morse, D. Gordon, and F. G. Patterson-I received in every instance prompt and gallant assistance.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. UPTON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 151. Report of Colonel Oliver Edwards, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 12-July 10.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,August 31, 1864.

SIR: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

On the night of the 12th [June] the lines are withdrawn from the vicinity of Cold Harbor, and the march taken up in the direction of the Chickahominy. The movement continues all day on the 13th, and that stream is crossed near Jones' Bridge; bivouac for the night on its west bank; march resumed at 5 a.m. on the 14th as rear guard to the train; reach Charles City Court-House at 11 o'clock, and the vicinity of James River shortly afterward. The brigade detailed on fatigue duty, repairing roads leading to the pontoon that was about to be laid across the river near Powhatan. On the evening of the 16th took transport and landed at Bermuda Hundred shortly before daylight. On the 17th march out in the direction of the works occupied by Major-General Butler's forces, where remained until the morning of the 19th, when the brigade moved to the vicinity of Petersburg, crossing the Appomattox at the upper pontoon. On picket along the banks of that stream; re-

---------------

* For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.672.

---------------

