
Numbers 153. Report of Brigadier General Frank Wheaton, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations June 13-July 10.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,September 1, 1864.

MAJOR:*

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 13, a.m., moved from the vicinity of Cold Harbor by the left, flank, following the Second Brigade. Marched east to Hopkins' Mill, then southeast, via Providence Meeting House, Emmaus Church, and Forge Mill to Jones' Bridge, on the Chickahominy, over which we crossed at 7.30 p.m. and bivouacked at the road, leading west to Long Bridge. (General Neill being indisposed, I had command of the division during the night. He resumed command of it in the morning.)

June 14, marched at 4 a.m., this brigade leading the corps, toward Charles City Court-House, via Vaiden's Store. When within a mile of that town turned southeast a mile and formed on the right of division and corps, facing northeast, within a mile of Tyler's Mill, near the James River.

June 15, moved southeast a mile and formed line on right of division and left of Third Division, facing north, covering the movement of trains from Cole's Ferry, on the Chickahominy, to the pontoon bridge across the James at Powhatan Point.

June 16, moved still farther south and west, the left of the division resting on the James opposite Wind-Mill Point, which position we intrenched, the corps line crossing the peninsula at that locality. At 5 p.m. were relieved by brigade of colored troops. The trains accompanying the corps, with the artillery and the Second Division, being ordered to Petersburg (the First and Third Divisions having embarked for Bermuda Hundred), we crossed the pontoon at 9 p.m., and marched all night in the direction of that city.

June 17, passed Old Court-House, near Baily's Creek, at 1 p.m. and halted in rear of the Eighteenth Corps in the evening, within three miles of Petersburg. Held in reserve all night, the balance of the division, having relieved Brooks' division, of the Eighteenth Corps. The brigade was under arms several times in the night in consequence of heavy firing at the front.

June 18, moved to the front at 7. Crossed the outer works of Petersburg. Formed on the right of Gibbon's division, of Second Corps, and on the left of Edwards' brigade. Moved forward with the Second Corps at 11 and attacked the enemy behind small earth-work, brush, and fences, with but partial success, however. The enemy retired to his main line of works, three-quarters of a mile from Petersburg, which necessitated a contraction of the line. Edwards' brigade went into the second line, and my brigade then formed the front line, with Martindale's division, of Eighteenth Corps, on the right and Gibbon on the left. At 2 moved forward in conjunction with them, but could not go more than 150 yards, being exposed to a severe front and cross-fire of musketry and canister. Remained all night in that position and intrenched it.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.681.

---------------

