
June 19, remained all day in same position, exposed to musketry and artillery fire. At dark relieved by Vermont Brigade, and retired to open ground near the outer works of Petersburg and camped.

June 20, exposed to fire of rebel batteries on the north bank of Appomattox, without any casualties, however. At 10 p.m. sent out Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers to fill up the second line in connection with Third Brigade, which was relieving a part of the Second Corps.

June 21, assumed the command of the Second Division, General Neill being relieved by order of Lieutenant-General Grant, and General Getty not yet returned. 9 p.m., the brigade, now in command of Colonel J. F. Ballier, Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, with the balance of the division, was relieved by a part of the Eighteenth Corps, General Smith, and marched all night to the left in the direction of the Jerusalem plank road.

June 22, at 2 a.m. crossed the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad and halted at 4 o'clock near the Jones' house, on the Jerusalem plank road, for breakfast and rest. Followed the plank south to the road running northwest, intersecting at the Wiliams house, and formed in rear of the Third Division, which had gone there the day before and intrenched a position. Upon our arrival the Third Division advanced in the direction of the Aiken house and Weldon railroad. 4 p.m., this brigade was ordered to the right in reserve to First Division, and was not engaged in any way with the enemy.

June 23, early in the morning the brigade was ordered to fill a gap between the First and Third Divisions. After moving to the point designated, General Russell, commanding First Division, sent word that his division and the Third Division had been advanced so as to fill the gap. The brigade reported back to the Second Division, on the left of the Third, at 4 p.m., and formed on the left of Grant's brigade, facing west and within a quarter of a mile of the Aiken house. Sent out the Sixty-second New York Volunteers to extend the skirmish line, while the main line was engaged in building breast-works. At 5 p.m. the cavalry came in in disorder from the direction of the Weldon railroad, and soon after the picket-line was vigorously attacked and driven nearly to the main line. The enemy (afterward known to be Hill's corps) deployed to the front and left and made dispositions apparently for attack, but night came on without further demonstrations. At 9 p.m. received orders to be ready to attack the rebels, but at 10 o'clock this order was countermanded, and instead we retired to the first line occupied on the morning of the 22d, near the Wiliams house, and intrenched on the left, including to and covering the Jerusalem plank, facing south and southwest. From this date till the 29th received frequent orders to be ready for a movement against the enemy, but was not required to leave the camp of the 24th.

On the 28th General Getty returned and resumed command of the division.

June 29, moved at 2 p.m. with the balance of the corps to the support of Wilson's cavalry at Reams' Station, on the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad; arrived there at 7.30 p.m., but too late to assist him. Formed lines, facing west, and after intrenching went into bivouac.

Remained until 6 p.m. of June 30 engaged in destroying the railroad, when we were relieved by General Sheridan's cavalry, and returned during the night to the Jerusalem plank road, four miles south

32 R R-VOL XL, PT I

