
from the bridge; crossed the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge, and halted for the night. June 14, moved at 5 a.m. toward Charles City Cross-Roads, and halted three miles from the James River, formed line of battle, and rested for the night. 15th, 9 a.m. moved toward the river one mile and a half and formed line of battle; rested for the night. June 16, moved to the river and threw up rifle-pits nearly opposite Fort Powhatan; at 4 p.m. moved down and crossed the river on the pontoons; marched all night in direction of Petersburg. 17th, halted for breakfast at 6 a.m., halted for the night near Petersburg, and formed line of battle. 18th, moved at 10 a.m. to support the skirmish line; advanced half a mile with very little fighting; at 2 p.m. made a charge on an open field for about 100 rods, and threw up a rifle-pit; suffered from cross-fire of the enemy's batteries. 19th, still occupied the rifle-pits; had several killed and wounded; was relieved by the Second Brigade (Vermont) and fell back to the railroad bridge. 20th, still occupied our position at the bridge. 21st, lay at the bridge until dark, when we received orders to move; moved at 8 p.m. to the left of the line. 22d, marching; 5 a.m. halted for break-fast; 11 a.m. moved, passing the Second Corps; was formed in line of battle behind breast-works on the left of the Second Corps. 23d, received orders to move to support the Third Division; 10 p.m. fell back behind the left of the Second Corps. 24th, all quiet; repaired breast-works. 25th, built an abatis in front of our works. 26th, all quiet; lay in camp. 28th, was reviewed by General Wright at 7 a.m.; remained in camp all day. 29th, 1 p.m., packed up and moved; marched to Reams' Station, on the Weldon railroad, arriving there at dark. 30th, built a breast-works; at dark we fell back to the Davis farm and halted for the night; a detail of seventy-five men went on picket.

July 1, 7 a.m. moved to a wood, and remained all day and night; 4 p.m. our pickets were relieved. July 2, moved at 6 a.m. to our old position on the left of the Second Corps. 3rd, lay in camp until the 5th, when we moved about 200 yards to the front and threw up a rifle-pit. Lieutenant Colonel J. L. McKean died of diarrhea, in camp [July 4]. 10 p.m. July 9, we received orders to move to City Point, where we embarked on transports for Washington City.

R. MUNROE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 156. Report of Brigadier General Lewis A. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 12-July 9.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VERMONT BRIGADE,September 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the movements and engagements of this brigade from the time it left Cold Harbor, June 12, to the time it embarked from City Point for Washington, July 9, 1864:

Leaving Cold Harbor at midnight, we crossed the Chickahominy in the afternoon of the next day and encamped for the night, having marched about twenty-four miles. The next day we marched toward the James River and encamped about one mile from Charles City Court-House, and remained near there till the evening of June 16, when we crossed the James on the pontoon bridge and marched for Petersburg,

