
where we arrived on the afternoon of the 17th, and relieving General Brooks' division, of the Eighteenth Corps, occupied the rebel works which had been carried by that corps. The Second Regiment and part of the Fifth went to the front on picket.

On the morning of the 18th there was a general attack upon the enemy's works, when it was ascertained that the enemy's main lines had fallen back during the night and erected new works nearer Petersburg. Later in the day the enemy was attacked in his new position and driven back to his strongest lines. The brigade, except the Second and Fifth Regiments, which held the skirmish lines, took no part in the engagement, being held in reserve, having the unusual opportunity of seeing others do the fighting.

On the morning of the 19th the Second and Fifth were relieved from picket, and that portion of the Second Regiment whose term of service expired started for Vermont. That evening the brigade relieved the First and Fourth Brigades of this division from the front line and held it during the next day, skirmishing with the enemy during the entire day. The enemy opened upon us a heavy artillery fire from the front, and also from several batteries across the Appomattox to our right and rear, inflicting but small loss. The position held at this time was within about half a mile of Petersburg, and it is believed to be nearer that fated city than any other point occupied by Union troops.

On the evening of June 20 the brigade was relieved from its position on the right, and moving to the left we relieved General Gibbon's division, of the Second Corps, and held that position twenty-four hours. The front lines were engaged during the day.

On the evening of the 21st the Sixth Corps was relieved from the front by the Eighteenth Corps, and the corps moved about six miles to the entire left of the army and halted near the Williams house.

June 22, the First Division took position on the left of the Second Corps and the Third Division on the left of the First. One brigade of this division took position on the Jerusalem plank road, facing to the left and rear. This brigade took position on the left of the Third [General Ricketts'] Division, and as that division advanced in line I was ordered to move forward by the flank so as to protect the left flank. While in that position I was ordered to send a regiment to the left and front to report to the officer of the day. I sent Captain [now Major] Walker's battalion of the Eleventh Vermont, and it was subsequently deployed upon the skirmish line. After skirmishing for a few hours the Third Division fell back and this brigade started for the right to assist Major-General Hancock, but the order was soon changed and we were placed in position near the Williams house and ordered to intrench. The Third Vermont was sent on picket, forming a line between the Jerusalem plank road and Major Walker's battalion of the Eleventh Regiment. The men had worked entrenching but a short time when the order was changed, and at attack upon the enemy's position was made. The attack was made by the First and Third Divisions just after dark. The main force of the enemy had by this time fallen back and the charge was made for about a mile through thick brush. I was ordered to follow and protect the left flank of the Third Division, which order was obeyed. The brigade got into position about one mile from the Weldon railroad about 11 o'clock that night. The Fourth Vermont was placed on picket to protect our then present flank. The other regiments which had been placed on picket stretched back to our left rear about two miles.

June 23, no enemy appeared about ninety picked men as sharpshooters,

