
superhuman efforts. He had a difficult and extended line and his attention was called to different points almost at the same time. He performed his duties in a manner entitling him to great praise.

In this engagement Lieutenant M. H. Sherman, a valuable officer of Major Walker's battalion, Eleventh Vermont, was instantly killed, and Lieutenant Charles G. Fisher, Fourth Vermont, was wounded in the early part of the skirmishing. Captain William C. Tracy, Fourth Vermont, was killed. His dead body was found on the field next day, surrounded by the muskets of his men lying on the ground, giving evidence that he had rallied around him the men of his command, and that they surrendered only when their gallant leader had fallen. He was near left of the Fourth Vermont skirmish line and separated from the main force. Captain Tracy was a good and brave officer. His real worth had been but recently recognized by promotion. None excelled him in purity of character and earnestness of purpose. Modest and unassuming in manners, he rose with the occasion and was found equal to any emergency. For some time after the battles of the Wilderness he performed the duties of adjutant and commanded two companies, at the same time carrying imbedded in his face a buckshot in action.

Later in the day of June 23 the command moved back and took position near the Williams house, where it remained until the 29th of June, when the Sixth Corps marched to Reams' Station to assist General Wilson, who was attacked there on his return from the raid upon the Danville railroad. This brigade took the lead. The Third Vermont was employed as skirmishers and met the rebel skirmishers within about half a mile of Reams' Station. Our men charged upon them and drove them from the field without the loss of a man. The main force of the enemy had just left. We fortified our position and remained there the next day, and marched back about half way during the night of June 30, and subsequently back to our former position near the Williams house. This brigade was held in reserve and went into camp. When the Third Division of Sixth Corps left for Baltimore the brigade moved forward and again occupied the line of works near the Williams house.

On the evening of July 8 [9] the brigade received marching orders and marched to City Point that night, and the next day, July 9 [10], embarked for Washington.

To the several regimental commanders and to Captain A. Brown, Fourth Vermont; Lieutenant Isaac L. Eells, Fifth Vermont; Captain A. H. Newt, Third Vermont, and Lieutenant Henry C. Baxter, Eleventh Vermont, officers of the staff, I am under renewed obligations.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

No. 157. Report of Brigadier General Daniel D. Bidwell, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 12-July 2.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, August 20, 1864.

SIR: *

We remained in these intrenchments until the night of the 12th of June, when we moved across the Chickahominy, via Forge Bridge, to

---------------

*For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.719.

---------------

