
James River, which we crossed on the night of the 16th, and arrived in front of Petersburg the next day and relieved a portion of the Eighteenth Corps [Major General W. F. Smith's] line.

On the 18th we advanced our lines about one mile, dislodging and driving the enemy, and then entrenched.

On the 19th [20th] we were moved to the left, and, in connection with the Vermont Brigade, relieved a division of the Second Corps, where we remained till the night of the 20th [21st], when we moved to the extreme left of the general line near the Williams house. In the afternoon [of the 22d] we went into position on the left of the Third Division with our line refused toward the Jerusalem plank road, and afterward was moved to the support of the Third Division, which had advanced toward the Weldon railroad. The next day [23d] we moved about one mile to the front, which position we held during an attack on our skirmish line near the railroad, and at dark we withdrew to our former position, in which position we remained until the 30th [29th], when we advanced to Reams' Station, took position, and assisted to destroy the railroad track.

On the 1st of July we returned to the Jerusalem plank road, and on the 2nd of July returned to our former position near the Williams house.

It would be useless to attempt to cite individual cases of bravery and fortitude during all these severe and bloody engagements. Every officer and man did his whole duty, and the stubbornness with which every battle-field was contested is attested by the accompanying list of casualties. But I desire to call the attention of the general commanding the division to the bravery and gallant conduct of Captain and Asst. Adjt. General W. H. Long, who by his efficiency and zeal rendered me much service and added greatly to the success of the brigade; also to the gallant conduct of Capts. George H. Selkirk, George S. Orr, and Lieutenant L. C. Small, who rendered valuable service during the campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. D. BIDWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain H. STEVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

No. 158. Report of Colonel William S. Truex, Fourteenth New Jersey Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, of operations June 12-July 6.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, November 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 12, Colonel Truex having reported for duty again assumed command of the brigade. At dark moved forward in the direction of Charles City Court-House, by way of Jones' Bridge, on the Chickahominy River.

June 13, after a severe march the Chickahominy River was crossed at 9 p.m.

---------------

*For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.724.

---------------

