
June 14, at 5 a.m. moved forward again, and at 12 m.halted near the James River, about four miles east of Charles City Court-House.

June 16, at 5 p.m. proceeded to Harvey's Landing, opposite Wind Mill Point, on the James River, where the command embarked upon transports and reached Bermuda Hundred about midnight.

June 17, at this place the command was ordered to report to Major-General Butler, where we remained until the afternoon of the 19th, when we crossed the Appomattox River on pontoon bridge at Point of Rocks, and arrived in front of Petersburg about midnight.

June 21, in the afternoon moved to the left of the line southeast of Petersburg, near the Williams house, where earth-works were immediately thrown up. No movement of importance was made by this brigade until the afternoon of June 29. At 3 o'clock moved forward to Reams' Station, on the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, in the support of Wilson's cavalry division. Reached the depot at 8 p.m., where we bivouacked for the night.

June 30, at daylight a portion of the troops were directed to throw up earth-works whilst the balance were employed in destroying the railroad. The object of the expedition having been accomplished we were ordered at dark to return to our former camp at the Williams house.

Arrived at our former position the morning of July 2, where we remained until daylight the morning of July 6, when we proceeded to City Point. In the afternoon embarked on transports for Baltimore, Md., which city we reached on the afternoon of the 7th, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. TRUEX,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain ANDREW J. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 159. Report of Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 12-July 6.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Cedar Creek, Va., November 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

The brigade remained in the last-named position until 10.30 p.m. June 12, when it was withdrawn, and immediately commenced the march, with the division and corps, by the way of Hopkins' Mill, Moody's farm, and Emmaus Church, to Jones' Bridge, across the Chickahominy River; thence by way of the Charles City Court-House road to James River near Wilcox's Landing, arriving June 14. On the afternoon of the 15th brigade, with the corps, formed lines and entrenched. On the 16th the troops were moved to the left and toward the river a short distance, and again entrenched. At 5 p.m. colored

---------------

*For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.730.

---------------

