
should not be forgotten that they were the principal actors in managing the skirmishers, and were, often for many hours and even days, under the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters. The men on the campaign, in addition to the many hard days' fighting, suffered uncomplainingly the severe marched in the heat of summer and often without a proper supply of water, &amp;c.

This long campaign, more than all others, illustrates the endurance, valor, and patriotism of the true American soldier.*

I am, captain, truly, your obedient and humble servant,

J. WARREN KEIFER,

Colonel 110th Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain ANDREW J. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Sixth Army Corps.

No. 160. Report of Colonel John W. Horn, Sixth Maryland Infantry, of operations June 13-July 9.

HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT MARYLAND VOLUNTEERS, September 14, 1864.

SIR: +

V.

The corps had the rear of the entire army until reaching the James River.

On the 13th we crossed the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge, and went into camp. Our pickets joined us on the 15th near the James River.

At noon on the 16th moved near the river and threw up earth-works, with both flanks resting on the river. About 5 p.m. we were relieved by colored troops, and took up the line of march for Wyanoke Landing, where we embarked about 9 p.m., and landed at Point of Rocks about midnight, and went into camp about mile from the landing.

June 17, marched at daylight about one mile and a half to the front and took position in the forts and fortifications constructed by General Butler at Bermuda Hundred.

June 19 [18], at dark formed line of battle outside of the works, and preparations made to charge the enemy's intrenchments. This was abandoned, however, and we returned to the works.

June 19, we were relieved by the Eighteenth Army Corps, and ordered to join our corps at Petersburg. Took up the line of march about 3 p.m., crossing the Appomattox on pontoons, joining our corps near Petersburg; reached here about 8 p.m., and went into camp.

June 20, remained here all day, moving a short distance to the rear to avoid being shelled by the enemy.

June 21, moved to the extreme left of the line, and relieved the cavalry, who had been engaging the enemy. I was ordered to deploy my regiment and push forward to the relief of the cavalry, who were then engaged with the enemy. The Ninth New York Heavy Artillery reported to me and were placed on the left of the line. About 10 p.m.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XXXVII, Part I, p.206.

+For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol XXXVI, Part I, p.735.

---------------

