
the One hundred and tenth [Ohio], or a portion of them, reported to me. I relieved the Ninth Heavy Artillery, as they were armed with smoothbore muskets, and established the One hundred and tenth Ohio on their line. We remained all night on picket, and formed the skirmish line next morning about 8 a.m.

June 22, the First Division, Sixth Corps, having formed on our right, filling up the gap between our line and the Second Corps, we moved the skirmish line forward about half a mile and in a short time they became engaged with the line of the enemy. The firing was kept up all day. I lost several killed and wounded in the affair. About dark the lines of battle charged and held a position about one mile in advance of my line of skirmishers. After the charge I assembled my skirmish line and joined the division that night.

June 23, as soon as it was day we began entrenching. In the afternoon the enemy pressed hard on the line held by the Second Division, and I was, with my regiment, ordered to report to General Grant, and was by him assigned to a position in his line, with orders to be in readiness to charge the enemy. This was abandoned, and at dark I received orders to again join my brigade. I did so, and the troops fell back to the position held before the charge.

We remained in this position until the 29th, when we moved to the left, marching for the Weldon railroad, striking it at Reams' Station about 9 p.m., and at once fortified. Next day, June 30, we went to work tearing up the railroad. I did not participate in this, as my regiment was on picket and remained there during the entire time. At night we fell back to a point near the Jerusalem plank road; here we remained until July 2, when we marched for and occupied our former position on the left of the army; here we remained until July 6, when we were ordered to City Point, there to embark for Baltimore, Md. We left the front about 6 a.m. and arrived at 11 a.m. The troops began embarking about 2 p.m. I did not get my regiment on board until 5 p.m., when we moved down the river. When about half way between City Point and Fortress Monroe the boiler burst, and we were detained the greater part of the night. The work of repairing was not more than half done when the engineer mashed his hand, and the work ceased. Fortunately I had an engineer on board, who I set to work and finished up the work and once more got her under way. We reached Baltimore about 9.30 p.m. on the 8th, and on the 9th at 8 a.m. embarked on cars at Locust Point for Monocacy Junction. My regiment did not get up in time to take part in the action at that place. We disembarked at Monrovia and marched to New Market and joined the remainder of the division at that place, and covered the retreat of the troops from there to Ellicott's Mills.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. W. HORN,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment Maryland Volunteers.

Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numerical list of casualties from May 4, 1864, to July 9, 1864, inclusive: Killed, 3 officers and 28 enlisted men; wounded, 8 officers and 146 enlisted men; missing, 14 enlisted men; captured, 20 enlisted men; wounded and since died, 9 enlisted men; wounded and captured, 14 enlisted men; aggregate, 11 officers and 231 enlisted men.

