
No. 161. Report of Major Charles Burgess, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations June 12-July 7.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH NEW YORK HEAVY ARTILLERY, September 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

The regiment continued on duty here and marched with the brigade on the 12th instant [June] from Cold Harbor across the Chickahominy, via Jones' Bridge, arriving at the James on the 15th. On the 17th the regiment embarked on board transports for Bermuda Hundred, arriving there on the 18th. On the 19th they marched to the works in front of Petersburg, and on the 21st moved with the corps to the left flank of Petersburg, and on the 21st moved with the corps to the left flank of the army. On the 23rd they participated in the action and charged on the enemy at Williams' plantation. They lay encamped here until the 30th [29th], when they moved the corps to Reams' Station, returning on the 2nd of July to Williams' plantation, where they lay until the 6th instant, when they moved to City Point, and on the 7th embarked from City Point for Baltimore.

In submitting the above report, I cannot vouch for the dates of the several movements, Colonel Seward being in command of the regiment and having all the memoranda in his possession.

I am, lieutenant, respectfully, your obedient servant,CHAS. BURGESS,

Major, Commanding Regiment Ninth New York Artillery.

Lieutenant J. A. GUMP,

Actq. Asst. Adjt. General,2nd Brigadier,3rd Div.,6th Army Corps.

No. 162. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Otho H. Binkley, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, of operations June 13-July 6.

HEADQUARTERS 11OTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Camp in the Field, September 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:+

June 13, we evacuated the works after dark, leaving a strong skirmish line to cover the movement, and marched all night and most of the following day; crossed the Chickahominy and halted for the night. Marched at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 14th, passed Charles City Court-House, and rested for the night. Marched a short distance on the 15th. On the 16th moved close to James River and threw up breastworks, which we left in the evening. Marched to Wyanoke Landing and embarked on board the U. S.transport steamer. We steamed up James River, passed City Point just after dark, and landed at Point of Rocks, on the Appomattox, where we remained until daylight, when we marched about three miles and occupied fortifications at Bermuda Hundred. About 1 o'clock in the night we moved out with the balance of the brigade and formed for the purpose of assaulting the enemy's works. The project was abandoned and we returned inside the fortifications. On our way back the enemy's pickets, discovering the movement, opened fire, but did us no harm. We left the fortifications at

---------------

*For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 26 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.740.

+For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.741.

---------------

