
Bermuda Hundred Sunday evening, 19th, crossed the Appomattox on a pontoon bridge at Point of Rocks, arriving near Petersburg after dark and remained for the night. On the 20th we remained quiet, the shells from one of the enemy's forts passing along the front of our lines. On the evening of the 21st we marched about six miles, crossing the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad. On the evening of the 22nd we charged the enemy's lines and drove them before us. In this charge we had 4 men wounded. On the afternoon of the 23rd we erected breast-works, when we were ordered to the left to support the First Brigade, their skirmishers having been driven back. After the firing had ceased we moved back and occupied the position we had left the day before. On the 24th threw up works a little farther to the front, and went into camp. From the 24th to the 28th we remained inside of works, except when on picket or guard duty. On the 29th marched about six miles to Reams' Station, on Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, where we remained all night tearing up the track. Two hundred of the One hundred and tenth were sent on picket. On the evening of June 30 commenced our return, and after marching three miles halted and rested for the night.

On July 1 remained quiet during the day and night, and on the morning of the 2nd returned to our old position near Petersburg and occupied the works previously occupied by the Second Division, Sixth Army Corps. On the 3rd, 4th, and 5th remained quiet, and on the 6th day of July marched to City Point, where we embarked on board the U. S. transport City of Albany, for Baltimore, Md.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. BINKLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel 110th Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN A. GUMP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,2nd Brigadier,3rd Div.,6th Army Corps.

No. 163. Report of Colonel William H. Ball, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry, of operations June 13-July 6.

HDQRS.122nd REGIMENT OHIO INFANTRY VOLS., September 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: +

FIFTH PERIOD.

Took position [14th] near Charles City Court-House and entrenched. On the afternoon of the 16th marched to James River, at Wilcox's Landing, and embarked for Bermuda Hundred, where we arrived about 1 a.m. of the 17th; thence moved immediately to the lines occupied by General Butler. At 2 a.m. of the 18th marched in front of General Butler's lines, One hundred and twenty-second in fourth line. Returned to place of bivouac at daylight. On the afternoon of the 18th moved a mile to the right and occupied intrenchments. On the evening of the 19th marched to the left, crossed the Appomattox at Point of Rocks, and bivouacked two miles north of Petersburg, where we remained until the afternoon of the 21st, when we marched to the left and took position four miles south of Petersburg and entrenched. On

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XXXVII, Part I, p.208.

+For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 4 to June 13, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.745.

---------------

