
the crossing of other corps and trains over the James River, where we embarked on transports for City Point; but, contrary to expectations, were landed at Point of Rocks, on the Appomattox River, about midnight, and on the following morning, 17th instant, we proceeded to Bermuda Hundred, where we formed in the earth-works of General Butler's command. On the 19th our division rejoined the corps near Petersburg. We were held in reserve until the 22nd instant, when the division was formed in center of the corps on the left of Petersburg, near the Jerusalem plank road. Nothing of importance occurred in that position. On the 29th the corps marched to Reams' Station, on the Weldon railroad, where earth-works were erected on the 30th instant.

On the 2nd of July we returned to the old position on the left of Petersburg and remained quiet until the 6th instant, when we [as a division] marched to City Point, and from there embarked on transports for Baltimore, where we arrived on the 8th instant and proceeded to Monocacy, or Frederick, Junction, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, arriving there by railroad at 4 p.m.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. R. McCLENNAN,

Colonel 138th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. A. GUMP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 6th Army Corps.

No. 166. Report of Captain Charles W. White, Fourth Maine Battery, Artillery Brigade, of operations June 12-July 29.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BATTERY MAINE VOLUNTEERS, Near Petersburg, Va., September 2, 1864.

COLONEL: +

On the 12th [June] the battery went into position on the right of a line of works thrown up to protect the withdrawal of the troops from the front preparatory to a flank movement toward the James. We remained in position until all of the troops had been withdrawn from the front, and at 12 o'clock at night [12th] we quietly moved from the works and commenced our march for the Chickahominy, which we crossed at Jones' Bridge in the afternoon.

On the 14th marched all day; camped at night near Charles City Court-House. Next morning we crossed the James and went into park and remained until the night of the 16th, when we marched for Petersburg and went into position near the city about dark on the 17th. Threw up breast-works during the night. Next morning we opened on the enemy and burnt a house in which sharpshooters were covered and were much annoying our skirmish line. Remained in that position all day the 19th and 20th.

On the night of the 21st the battery went into a fort near the Appomattox and relieved Battery H, First Ohio Artillery. We found the fort to be very weak, and immediately obtained a detail of fifty men. They, with the aid of our cannoneers, strengthened the work very much. Early the next morning the sharpshooters opened on us, and being only

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XXXVII, Part I, p.212.

+For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.758.

---------------

33 R R-VOL XL, PT I

