
a short distance away, annoyed us very much. We were engaged nearly all of the time during the day, and fired as fast as the sharpshooters would permit as to load our pieces. We expended 200 rounds of ammunition; had 1 man killed and 1 wounded, 1 horse killed and 1 wounded. At night the battery was relieved and we marched with our corps to the left of the army, and went into position the next day on the extreme left flank of the line. We remained in position the next day on the extreme left flank of the line. We remained in position the 23rd and until dark the 24th, when were relieved and went into camp. From the 25th to the 29th of June we remained in camp. On the 29th marched to Reams' Station. 30th, remained in park near the station.

July 1, we returned from Reams' Station and went into the camp occupied by us before we marched to the station. From the 2nd to the 7th remained in camp. On the 7th moved a short distance to the left, and occupied a fort on the left flank of the line, but were relieved in the afternoon and returned to camp. On the 9th marched to City Point; arrived there on the morning of the 10th, at 7 o'clock. From the 10th to the 13th remained in camp near City Point. On the 13th embarked on transports at City Point for Baltimore. Arrived in Baltimore on the afternoon of the 15th; camped for the night in the streets near the landing. Next morning early moved through the city and took the cars for Washington; arrived there at dark, and marched to Camp Barry and camped for the night. Next day, the 17th, moved from Camp Barry at 4 p.m. to Seventh-street Wharf. There we embarked in transports for City Point. On account of the roughness of the weather did not arrive at City Point until the afternoon of the 20th. We immediately disembarked and went into camp near City Point, where we remained until the 26th. On the 26th, at 4 p.m., [marched] to near Petersburg and went into camp in rear of the Ninth Corps, and remained there until the night of the 29th, when we moved into position in front of Petersburg.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. WHITE,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Colonel TOMPKINS,

Chief of Artillery, Sixth Corps.

No. 167. Report of Captain Greenleaf T. Stevens, Fifth Maine Battery, of operations June 12-July 10.

SEPTEMBER 16, 1864.*

V.

On the march across the Chickahominy nothing worthy of note occurred. June 16, ordered into position with the corps, covering the crossing of the army at the James. On the 18th went into position before Petersburg, and at once remodeled an old rifle-pit of the enemy, making it appropriate for artillery, and opened, expending eight shot and twenty-four spherical case. By direction of Colonel C. H. Tompkins, one section of the battery was withdrawn at night and moved some 900 yards to the front and placed in position on the right of the road running parallel with the Appomattox. Nearly the same operations were repeated here as at Cold Harbor. The guns were unlimbered and run

---------------

*For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 4 to June 9, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.760.

---------------

