
and sent to hospital in Georgetown, I cannot give so full an account of the battery's movements from the fact that I have but just joined the command.

J. FEDERHEN,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery A, Massachusetts Artillery.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

No. 169. Report of Lieutenant Augustin N. Parsons, Battery A, First New Jersey Light Artillery.

BATTERY A, FIRST NEW JERSEY ARTILLERY, August 30, 1864.

SIR: *

Left camp near the Chickahominy on the morning of the 13th [June] and arrived near Petersburg on the 18th of June. On the night of the 18th I was furnished with a detail of 100 negroes to throw up earth-works for the battery on the low ground below the town of Petersburg, between the turnpike and the river, and on a line with General Stannard's troops, of the Eighteenth Corps. The guns of the battery were placed in position about 2 o'clock of the morning of the 19th, the horses being left in the rear under cover of a ravine. The battery remained in that position until the night of the 22d, when it was withdrawn, having fired about 100 rounds, and had 2 men wounded. Left position near Petersburg on the night of the 22nd of June, and reached Reams' Station on the 29th; left Reams' Station on the night of the 30th of June, and reached City Point on the 10th of July. Remained near City Point until 27th of July and then moved to the old camp of the Second Corps near Petersburg. On the night of the 29th of July the battery was ordered to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe, chief of artillery of the Ninth Corps, and was placed in position on the right of the Fifth Corps and nearly in front of the enemy's fort that was blown up. Remained in position until after the assault on the enemy's works, and then was ordered to report back to the brigade.

A. N. PARSONS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, ARTILLERY Brigadier, SIXTH CORPS.

No. 170. Report of Captain Andrew Cowan, First New York Battery, of operations June 13-July 12.

CAMP FIRST NEW YORK INDEPENDENT BATTERY, August 24, 1864.

SIR: +

PART V.

The battery marched with the brigade at 1.30 a.m. June 13; crossed the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge at 5 p.m. the same day. The day

---------------

*For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from June 1 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.763.

+For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.764.

---------------

