
June 25, moved half a mile and went into camp, where we remained until the 29th.

June 29, marched at 2 p.m. to Reams' Station; arrived there at midnight; distance, six miles.

June 30, moved half a mile to the rear at 9 a.m., and at dark started back four miles, where we arrived at 11 p.m.

July 2, marched back to the old camp at 3.30 a.m., a distance of one mile and a half, where we remained until July 9.

July 9, marched at midnight to City Point, where we arrived at daylight; distance, nine miles.

July 10, went into camp at 2 p.m.

July 11, embarked on board the steamer George Leary at-p.m., and started at dark for Washington.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LAMB,

First Lieutenant, Rhode Island Artillery, Commanding Battery C.

Lieutenant E. N. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 173. Report of Captain William B. Rhodes, Battery E, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY E, FIRST RHODE ISLAND ARTILLERY, Before Petersburg, Va., August 30, 1864.

SIR: +

I left that position [near Old Tavern] the morning of the 13th [June], and marched to the Chickahominy River, crossed, and went into camp.

June 14, marched to Charles City Court-House.

June 15, broke camp at 2 a.m., crossed the James River at Nine Oaks, and camped near the river. I again broke camp at 10 p.m., marched all night, and arrived in front of Petersburg the evening of the 17th.

June 18, was placed in position by Colonel Tompkins within 300 yards of the enemy's skirmish lines, where I covered a charge made by the Eighteenth Corps. Was then placed in position nearer the city, on a point of land formed by a bend of the Appomattox River, where I covered another charge of the Eighteenth Corps, and was under a sharp musketry fire. I was then ordered to throw solid shot into the city, which was the first fired directly into it; was then enfiladed by a rifle battery on my right, which was out of range for my guns. A battery also opened in my front. The men worked all night throwing up earth-works. I fired 186 rounds of ammunition, principally solid shot, with the following casualties: Privates William E. Hooper, Emil Thomas, George H. Kelly, William Crothers, and Thomas Nolan wounded, and three horses killed.

June 19, kept up a slow fire on the city and railroad bridge, expending 224 rounds of ammunition, and losing four horses killed. Just at

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XXXVII, Part I, p.281.

+For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.770.

---------------

