
night and crossed at an early hour on the following morning, the 14th. The corps was concentrated near Jordan's house, where it halted till the road was cleared of the Sixth Corps trains, when it moved out by way of Vaiden's, Clopton's, and Tyler's Mill to its position on the right of the Sixth Corps, our right resting near the Jones house, on an arm of the James River, the line extending in a northwesterly direction until it joined the line of the Sixth Corps. This position was fortified.

At about 8 p.m. on the 15th we started under orders to re-enforce Generals Hancock and Smith near Petersburg, crossing the James River on the pontoon bridge above Fort Powhatan. We marched up the road nearest the river until we reached the Old Court-House, when we turned to the left, our advance reaching a position occupied by our troops about 10 a.m. on the 16th. About 1 p.m., after a consultation and reconnaissance with General Barnard, our troops were placed in position on the extreme left. Soon after this orders were received to be in readiness to support an attack which was to be made at 4 p.m. by a part of General Hancock's corps. During this attack General Griffin's brigade, of General Potter's division, was ordered to report to General Barlow. His place as support was supplied by Hartranft's brigade, of Willcox's division. During the night heavy skirmishing was kept up, but nothing of importance occurred in our front. General Potter was directed to make his dispositions to attack at a very early hour in the morning, and, if possible, carry the enemy's line in his immediate front just on the left of the Second Corps. The First Division, General Ledlie, was to support the attack.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 17th the two brigades of General Potter dashed forward in most gallant style, carrying all the lines and redoubts of the enemy on the ridge upon which stood the Shands house, capturing 4 pieces of artillery, 5 colors, 600 prisoners, and 1,500 stand of small-arms. Our people pushed forward until they found the enemy in a new and very strong position, when General Potter took up a line in advance of that which he had just carried, pushing his pickets close up to the enemy's new line. There was considerable delay in getting up the troops of the First Division owing to the obstacles which intervened between this division and General Potter's, the whole ground being covered by fallen timber, over which it was very difficult to pass in the dark. Had it been possible to have supported General Potter's gallant charge, the victory would have been probably much more decisive. Soon after daylight General Willcox was directed to attack the enemy's works in front of the Shands house. His two brigades were formed in the ravine which intervened between the Shands house and the enemy's lines. A misunderstanding in reference to the point of attack caused some delay. Soon after, however, the troops were in position to move in the direction contemplated. General Hartranft's brigade, leading, dashed forward in a most vigorous manner, its left reaching the enemy's artillery from the enemy, especially to our left and the great loss which it inflicted, his brigade was compelled to give way to the right, a portion of them falling back through the line of General Barlow's division. Colonel Christ's brigade, which had gained a position about midway between the ravine and the enemy's line, bravely held its ground during the day under a most galling fire of the enemy, which resulted in a severe loss. On the afternoon of this day, say at 4 o'clock, General Ledlie's division was directed to assault the enemy's position at about the same point, which it did in a handsome manner. Supported by artillery, which had been placed in position, the line was carried and held

