
killed, 744 wounded, 22 missing; Fourth Division, 176 killed, 688 wounded, 801 missing.

It may not be amiss to say that all the general movements of this corps were in accordance with directions received from the lieutenant-general commanding the armies until May 24, after which they were directed by the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac.

I beg to refer to the reports of the division and brigade commanders for more detailed information of the movements of the troops. The reports of the First Division are meager, owing to the many changes in the commanders, the first having been killed, the second relieved at his own request, and the third having made only partial reports. Great losses were also sustained in the brigade commanders of this division, one of whom, General W. F. Bartlett, a most brave and efficient officer, was severely wounded at the battle of the Wilderness, and soon after his recovery was taken prisoner in the fight before Petersburg on the 30th of July, together with Colonel E. G. Marshall, commanding Third Brigade, in which action they had both displayed their usual conspicuous courage and bravery. I also refer to the reports of the division and brigade commanders for instances of good conduct as well as a statement of the casualties among prominent officers in their separate commands. I am indebted to these officers and their commands for their hearty co-operation and cheerful subordination during this most trying campaign, through which they have endured long and wearisome marches, exposure, and privations, and have shown an heroic courage and firmness on the field which entitles them to a nation's gratitude.

When this corps marched over the mountains from East Tennessee it was composed of less than 6,000 veterans, and upon this as a nucleus the corps was recruited to a strength of 24,000 men, thus making the preponderance of raw troops very large, among whom were many heavy artillery and dismounted cavalry regiments, in which regiments considerable dissatisfaction naturally existed at first. They were concentrated at Annapolis, and marched from there to Alexandria, where they received their transportation trains, which trains were newly organized and consequently harder to manage and more easily broken down. From this point they marched to engage in a campaign side by side with the Army of the Potomac, which was thoroughly organized, equipped, and disciplined in all of its departments, yet the services of this corps, with these disadvantages, will compare favorably with the distinguished services of the brave veterans who compose the Army of the Potomac. The new infantry regiments, as well as the heavy artillery and dismounted cavalry regiments who were necessarily and properly called upon to do infantry duty, soon became as steady and reliable as the older regiments, displaying a courage which rendered them honorable associates of the veterans of the Ninth Corps who had rendered such conspicuous services in North Carolina, South Carolina, Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, Mississippi, and East Tennessee. In this campaign as in all others the corps has stood by its guns, never having lost a piece of artillery.

General Ferrero's colored division, by its faithful and courageous deportment during the campaign, both on the march and in action, has demonstrated the wisdom of the Government in organizing this class of troops, and has given great hope for the future elevation and usefulness of the colored race.

Major General John G. Parke joined the corps from sick leave at the commencement of the campaign before he was able to assume active command of his division and was detailed as chief of staff, in which

