HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, November 11, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In compliance with paragraph 6 of Special Orders, No. 279, current series, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of guns captured or lost from May 4 to November 1, 1864, by this corps:

First Division-No guns captured or lost.

Second Division-Two guns captured by the Thirty-sixth and Fifty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers and Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Vetran Volunteers, one by the Eleventh New Hampshire, and one by the Seventeenth Vermont Volunteers, before Petersburg, Va., June 17, 1864.

Third Division-No guns captured or lost.

Artillery Brigade-No guns captured or lost.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 3. 1864.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: Herewith I inclose a copy* of the charges and specifications this day sent to the lieutenant-general commanding for transmission to the President of the United States. I have also to inform you that owing to recent occurrences I have felt myself compelled to ask that you be relieved from duty with this army.+

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, August 6, 1864.

THE SECRETARY OF WAR OF THE UNITED STATES, Washington:

Whilst I have the greatest respect for the officers composing the court ordered by Special Orders, Was Department, No. 258, to examine into the affair of the 30th instant [ultimo], I beg to submit that it should be composed of officers who do not belong to this army.

Whilst I am most willing and feel it to be my due to have the fullest investigation, I should not under the circumstances demand one, nor seek to press the matter to an issue in any degree to the general commanding the Army of the Potomac. I am ready to await the verdict of time. But if an investigation is to be had, I feel that I have a right to ask that it be made by officers constituting the court held command in the supporting columns which were not brought into action on that day. The judge-advocate is a member of General Meade's staff.

---------------

*See p.174.

+See p.172.

---------------

