
connecting with the main line of battle, but forming a line at an angle of about 45 degrees to the main line, to cover any flank movement that might be made by the enemy on my right, and the left of the Second Brigade was ordered to be thrown back at about the same angle for the accomplishment of the same object on my left. The Third Brigade, under Lieutenant Colonel B. G. Barney, was formed in two lines about 100 paces in rear of the First and Second Brigades. The One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Dawson, were thrown out as skirmishers and covered the front of nearly the whole line. At this juncture the enemy's batteries-one in front of the extreme left of my line, one still farther to the left, and one some distance on the right [all of which swept the position we were about to storm]-opened with shell and canister upon my lines, killing and wounding 32 men before I advanced. The skirmishers were then temporarily withdrawn; but in a short time afterward they were thrown forward, and I gave the order for the charge, with directions to my command not to fire a shot until reaching the enemy's lines. The line was then moved forward with bayonets fixed, charging at a run over the entire distance with steadiness and bravery. The Third Brigade followed enthusiastically, gaining distance at some points on the first line. The men charged the works fiercely and bravely, mounting the parapet and leaping quite over the ditch into the enemy's lines, where the fight became a hand-to-hand conflict, my men using the bayonet and breech, and succeeded in carrying the works in handsome style. The troops pressed forward and also succeeded in taking another line of the enemy's works, running at a slight angle to the main line, and refusing at a point about midway between that and the woods in rear. The enemy then kept up a desultory fire for several hours from the woods, which was steadily returned by my command. Too much praise cannot be accorded the men making this charge, subject as they were not only to a terrible fire of shell and canister from the batteries previously referred to [which raked the whole of the field from the ravine to the enemy's works], but to heavy and continuous volleys of musketry, without discharging a single piece in defense until the object of the charge was accomplished.

About 9 p.m. the following regiments of the Third Division reported to me for duty: First Michigan Sharpshooters, Captain L. C. Rhines; Second Michigan Volunteers, Colonel William Humphrey; Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel C. K. Pier, and the Sixtieth Ohio Volunteers, under Major M. P. Avery. All these regiments, except the First Michigan Sharpshooters, were placed upon the right of my line, and the last-named regiment was placed on the extreme left, and in these positions they all rendered important service. About 10 p.m. the enemy made a charge upon my lines, which was repulsed, my command capturing 5 officers and 71 enlisted men, together with a stand of colors belonging to the Thirty-fifth North Carolina Infantry. I then called upon the corps commander for support and was informed by him that General Crawford had been ordered forward with his division to support me, and was also informed that General Barlow would move forward and connect with my right, but these movements were not made at 12 midnight. About this time the enemy concentrated in front of my lines and charged fiercely, at the same time massing on my left, which was entirely unprotected, compelling my men to fall back to their advanced line of rifle-pits, which they held until morning, when it was found that the enemy had retreated from our front.

