
alacrity with which they carried all my orders and for the valuable assistance rendered me during the entire day. Their courage and zeal is worthy of special commendation.

I would respectfully call attention to Corpl. Benjamin F. Young, Company I, First Michigan Sharpshooters. His gallantry in capturing a rebel flag of the Thirty-fifth North Carolina Infantry on the night of the 17th of June is worthy of special mention.*

Accompanying this report please find a list of casualties of my division on the 17th of June, 1864.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. LEDLIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps.

Report of casualties of the First Division, Ninth Army Corps, of the first battle of Petersburg, Va., June 17, 1864.

Organizations	 Offi	 Men	 Offi	 Men	 Offi	 Men	 Aggre

 cers	 	 cers	 	 cers	 	 gate

First Brigade	 2	 27	 6	 130	 -	 15	 180

Second Brigade	 4	 24	 12	 163	 -	 16	 219

Third Brigade	 2	 65	 10	 297	 8	 57	 439

27th New York	 -	 -	 -	 3	 -	 -	 3

Battery

2nd Maine	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -

Battery

14th	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -

Massachusetts

Battery

Total	 8	 116	 28	 593	 8	 88	 841

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, Near Petersburg, Va., August 4, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor, very respectfully, to transmit the following report of the operations of my division on the 30th ultimo:

About 1 a.m. on the 30th of July I moved my division from its position on the left of the Tenth Corps to the front occupied by the Second Division of the Ninth Corps. The Second Brigade [composed of the Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery, Third Maryland Infantry, and the One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Infantry], commanded by Colonel E. G. Marshall, was formed in three lines of battle behind the breast-works of our front line; while the First Brigade [composed of the Twenty-first, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-fifth, Fifty-sixth, Fifty-seventh, and Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry, and One hundredth Pennsylvania], under the command of Brigadier General W. F. Bartlett, was placed in rear, in column formed of three lines of battle, the Thirty-fifth in rear acting as engineer regiment. I then gave instructions to my brigade commanders to the effect that when the order for the charge was given, the column should move through the breach to be made by the mine and then to press forward and occupy the hill beyond, when the Thirty-fifth were to be set at work throwing up intrenchments. At daylight everything was ready, the mine was sprung at 4,45 a.m., and the fortification

---------------

*Corporal Young was awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

