
the works many of our brigade were absolutely pressed to the rear by the retreating lines, and subsequently it became necessary for other portions of the brigade to retire to prevent capture. A portion of the officers and men were in the fort and were there captured. From this time until afternoon the regiments were separated. They were then formed near division headquarters, under my command as senior officer, and went into camp.

Brigadier General W. F. Bartlett, commanding the brigade was captured within the enemy's fortifications, as was also Captain Charles B. Amory, assistant adjutant-general of the brigade. Captain George H. Howe, Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, brigade inspector, was killed while standing on the enemy's works and encouraging the men; First Lieutenant Robert B. Chamberlin, Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, aide-de-camp, was severely wounded in the head soon after reaching the enemy's fort; Colonel J. P. Gould was seriously wounded; Colonel S. M. Weld, Fifty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, was captured; Lieutenant Colonel John Hodges, jr., Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, was killed, as also Major Prescott, Fifty-seventh Massachusetts; Major Hamilton, One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was wounded and captured; all doing their duty nobly. We have to mourn the loss of many other valuable officers and men of the brigade, reports of which losses have been heretofore forwarded.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. H. BARNES,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. J. MILLS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 178. Report of Captain Willard D. Tripp, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations July 30.

HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH MASSACHUSETTS VETERAN VOLS., Near Petersburg, Va., August 3, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with circular from headquarters First Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps, dated August 3, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment in the engagement of July 30, 1864:

The regiment was withdrawn from the front line of works about 12 o'clock on the night of July 29 and massed with the division in the ravine in front of the enemy's fort on General Willcox's front. The regiment was placed on the extreme left of the third line in the order of the charge, its right connecting with the left of the Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers. The regiment moved up to our first line of works and crossed them by the right flank and immediately moved forward in support of the advancing lines. On arriving at the ruins the regiment was obliged to halt and lie down as the fort was unable to contain more troops at that time. While in this position the regiment suffered severely from a heavy fire of musketry and artillery on both flanks. The regiment occupied this position about twenty minutes when it moved into the fort and was immediately ordered by the general commanding the brigade to take a position in the works on the left of the fort.

