
effort made to my knowledge. General Meade himself states in his argument that the charges have no reference to the management of affairs on the 30th, and as these charges contain in full the documents to which I object, they therefore should be excluded here.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

The Court was cleared. The Court was opened, and the following decision of the Court announced:

The proper time for objection to the reception of evidence is when it is offered, and before accepted. Due notice was given to all persons who were supposed to be interested in the investigation (of whom General Burnside was one) to be present if they so willed. The Court, however, decided that the evidence, documentary and verbal, in question, has a bearing on the conduct of individuals other than General Burnside. The Court is ordered to examine into the "facts and circumstances attending the unsuccessful assault on the enemy's position on the 30th of July," and the authorities permit a court of inquiry to enter into incidental examination of particular points as may become necessary to a full understand of the matter at issue.

The Court therefore considers is a duty to examine into all the circumstances of the assault, the subsequent withdrawal of the troops, and everything connected therewith.

The judge-advocate continued the reading of the record of the second day, and on completion it was approved, several corrections having been made by the witness, whose meaning had not been fully understand.

The examination of Major-General MEADE was then resumed.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. When did Mott's division leave Deep Bottom and arrive at the Eighteenth Corps to relieve it?

Answer. Orders were given in person to Major-General Hancock, about 5 or 6 o'clock on the evening of the 28th, requiring him to withdraw Mott's division, then in his line of battle in the presence of the enemy, after dark, and send it to report to General Ord, commanding the Eighteenth Corps. Orders were subsequently given to General Ord, when the division came up, about daylight on the 29th, to mass it in the woods near the railroad, out of sight of the enemy, and at dark on the evening of the 29th to put it in his trenches to relieve his corps.

Adjourned till 10 a.m. on 10th.

FOURT DAY.

COURT-ROOM, HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,

August 10, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-General Hancock, Brigadier-Generals Ayres and Miles, and Colonel Schriver, judge-advocate.

There were also present Generals Ferrero, Potter, and Willcox, of the Ninth Corps; General Mott, of the Second and General Carr, of the Eighteenth.

The proceedings of the third day were read and approved.

TESTIMONY OF GENERAL MEADE-CONTINUED.

Question by General BURNSIDE:

Question. Where were your headquarters during the action of the 30th?

