
Here the left of the regiment connected with the right of the Fifty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, and I was instructed to report to Colonel Weld, of that regiment [who had charge of that portion of the line], for orders. I reported to Colonel Weld for instructions but for some cause failed to receive any. A division of colored troops was marched into the works and the position held by my regiment was filled so full of them that it was quite impossible to move or be in any manner effective. While this position a part of the colored troops attempted a movement on the enemy, but were repulsed and fell back into the work in a disorganized manner, closely pursued by the enemy. Every effort was made by the officers of the command to preserve their lines from confusion, but so great was the pressure from the retreating troops and the heavy fire of the enemy, who now held one end of the work, that I deemed it advisable to withdraw to prevent the regiment being captured. The regiment retired to the line occupied by General Willcox's division. Here I reported to Captain Mills, acting assistant adjutant-general of the division, who ordered me to remain in the position I then occupied until further orders. While here Lieutenant Colonel Joseph H. Barnes rejoined the regiment and assumed command.

Both officers and men behaved gallantly during the entire engagement. The number of officers engaged was 1 staff and 5 line, enlisted men engaged, 52. Loss, 2 men killed, 1 officer and 6 men wounded, and 6 men missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLARD D. TRIPP,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant H. M. WARREN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 179. Report of Lieutenant John M. Deane, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations June 14-July 25.

HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH MASSACHUSETTS VET. VOL. INFTY., Near Petersburg, Va., August 7, 1864.

SIR: *

FIFTH EPOCH.

The regiment crossed the Chickahominy River on the a.m. of June 14, and the James River on the night of June 15, and arrived before Petersburg on the afternoon of June 16, immediately taking position in support of the Second Division, which had already become engaged.

In the charge upon the enemy's works near Petersburg, by the First Division, June 17, the regiment took position on the left center of the first line, and lost 2 officers and 27 men, of 5 officers and 70 men engaged.

July 23, the regiment was transferred from the Second to the First Brigade, First Division, Ninth Corps. In the action of July 30 the regiment took position in the center of the third line of the assaulting column. Loss during the engagement, 1 officer and 14 men, of 6 officers

---------------

*For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 29 to June 13, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.924.

---------------

