
and 50 men engaged. Besides the operations above mentioned the regiment has performed the usual amount of picketing, marching, and fatigue work.

From July 2 to July 25 the regiment was stationed at brigade headquarters as a provost guard.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. DEANE,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant H. M. WARREN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 180. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gilbert P. Robinson, Third Maryland Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations July 30.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, Before Petersburg, Va., August 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 29th of July, 1864, this brigade moved, under command of Colonel E. G. Marshall, from the line occupied by them in rear of the First and Second Brigade headquarters to General Willcox's front, near the headquarters Twenty-seventh Michigan, and was then formed for a charge in the following order: The first line of battle consisted of the Second Provisional Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, Lieutenant Colonel B. G. Barney; the second line of battle consisted of the Fourteenth New York Artillery, Captain L. I. Jones, and the third of the Third Maryland Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel G. P. Robinson, and the One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, Major John Barton.

At 4.40 a.m. July 30 the mine under the fort in front of and to the right of the position where we formed was exploded, and the Second Brigade advanced in the order stated. By keeping a strong right oblique we arrived at the crater formed by the mine, to the right of which the orders for the assault had directed us to form. Through this crater and 150 yards in advance of it the Second Provisional Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery charged. The Fourteenth New York, diverging somewhat to the left, came upon two cannon and their magazine buried in the earth, but not destroyed, which they dug out and prepared for service. The Third Maryland and One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers proceeded into the second short covered way on the [our] right, and occupied that position. The First Brigade entered the crater in our rear and occupied the covered ways on the [our] right, and Griffin's brigade closely followed them. The Second Provisional Pennsylvania, having been heavily flanked, the sharpshooters of the Third Maryland were detailed to cover their flank and protect their retreat to the works we had gained. By this time the troops in and around the crater were very much mingled together, and the staff of the Second Brigade was directed by Colonel Marshall, commanding, to form the brigade in the covered way nearest our work. This was accomplished with some difficulty, the Third Maryland holding the extreme right, and occupying the cross-traverse which enfiladed our line. From this the Spencer rifles in that regiment did great execution upon the enemy and demonstrated the advantages of an organized corps of sharpshooters. About this time the Fourth Division [negroes] came into the pit, passed through the crater, and proceeding to the right,

