
No. 181. Report of Captain Albert A. Terrill, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Infantry, of operations June 11-July 30.
HDQRS.179TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOL. INFANTRY, Before Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this command in the several operations of the campaign from the crossing of the Rapidal to the assault on the enemy's position in front of Petersburg, July 30, 1864:

This regiment took no part in the operations of the first, second, third, and fourth epochs, but joined the Army of the Potomac the 11th day of June, 1864, at Cold Harbor, and was assigned to the Second Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps. Marched from Cold Harbor June 13, 1864; crossed the James River June 15, 1864; took part in Transferred to First Brigade, First Division, Ninth Corps, June 18, 1864; transferred to Second Brigade, First Division, Ninth Corps, July 23, 1864. Took part in the assault on the enemy's position in front of Petersburg, Va., July 30, 1864.

ALBERT A. TERRILL,Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. W. CLARKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 182. Reports of Captain Benjamin F. Smiley, Second Pennsylvania Provisional Heavy Artillery, commanding mortar battery, of operations June 26-July 30.

NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., August 4, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward to the chief of artillery a report of the part taken by the Ninth Corps mortar battery in the action of July 30, 1864:

The battery comprises six pieces and occupied the following positions: Right section on the right of the covered way leading to the mine; center section confronting the work blown up; left section on the right of the road leading to Petersburg and about 100 yards to the left of the center section. Fire was opened immediately upon the blowing up of the rebel work, the right section throwing shell into the work known as the fort near the red house and whose fire could enfilade the work blown up. The center and left sections paid their compliments more particularly to the fort left of the Petersburg road, with an occasional shell from the center section into the works leading to the work mined. The number of shells fired by the different sections during the action were as follows, viz: Right section, up to 9 a.m., seventy rounds; center section, up to 9 a.m., thirty-eight rounds; left section, up to 9 a.m., sixty-three rounds. Total, 171 rounds. At 1.30 p.m., when the rebels charged the ruins, right section fired ten rounds, center section fired seven rounds, left section fired twelve rounds, making through the action a total of 200 rounds.

Very respectfully, yours,

B. F. SMILEY,

Captain, in charge Mortars.

Lieutenant SAMUEL CHAPIN,

Actq. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, Ninth Army Corps.

