
NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., August 15, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to Special Orders, No. 205, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to report the operations of the Ninth Corps mortar battery:

The period embraced in the following dates, May 4 and June 26, I was with my regiment [Provisional Second Pennsylvania Volunteer Heavy Artillery], acting as infantry, and as a battery commander have no report to forward. By virtue of Special Orders, No. 93, dated headquarters Ninth Army Corps, near Petersburg, Va., June 26, 1864, I was placed in charge of the Ninth Corps mortars. Since assuming command the operations have been such as characterize mortar practice, firing slowly and usually very accurately. The enemy has been very much annoyed; shells were very frequently exploded in their pits, throwing men in the air and creating much confusion.

July 15, I blew up in the rebel work on the left of the Petersburg road what is supposed to have been a caisson. On the 20th another was exploded. On the 25th of July I blew up what is supposed to have been a small magazine from the amount of logs thrown in the air.

From the 25th to July 30, the operations were such as are incidental to the practice.

As a report of the operations of the battery July 30 has been forwarded it is not necessary to repeat it.

Respectfully, yours,

B. F. SMILEY,

Captain, in charge Ninth Corps Mortars.

Lieutenant SAMUEL CHAPIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 183. Reports of Brigadier General Robert B. Potter, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, August 1, 1864.

COLONEL: *

FIFTH.

On the evening of the 12th of June, soon after dark, we moved out of our intrenchments, leaving our picket-line in position, and marched to Tunstall's Station, which we reached at an early hour on the morning of the 13th. Moved from there about 1 p.m., and bivouacked for the night within about three-quarters of a mile of the Chickahominy.

Crossed the Chickahominy early on the morning of the 14th, and moved to Jones', within three miles of the pontoon bridge on the James River. Marched from here between 8 and 9 p.m. on the 15th, crossing the James on the pontoon bridge, and moving toward Petersburg.

About 10 a.m. on the 16th we reached the advance works on the City Point road, taken a day or two before by our troops. Placed in position on the left about 1 p.m., and threw out skirmishers and commenced intrenching. Received orders about 3.30 to send a brigade to support Barlow's division, of the Second Corps, which corps was to attack at 4

---------------

*For portion of report [here omitted] covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.927.

---------------

