
p.m., and at once moved Griffin's brigade into position for that purpose, and subsequently put him for a time under Barlow's command. Having received orders to renew the attack before daylight in the morning, I determined to attack near the Shands house. Griffin's brigade was formed on the right, with the Seventeenth Vermont, Eleventh New Hampshire, and Thirty-second Maine in the first line, with the Sixth and Ninth New Hampshire, Thirty-first Maine, and Second Maryland in support. Curtin formed his brigade with the Forty-fifth and Forty-eight Pennsylvania and Thirty-sixth Massachusetts in front, supported by the Seventh Rhode Island, Second New York Mounted Rifles, and Fifty-eighth Massachusetts Regiments. Griffin moved directly on the house and orchard to the right, Curtin moved to the left of the house and toward the Redoubt No.-. Canteens and cups were packed in haversacks to prevent noise, and orders were given to rely upon the bayonet, and not fire a shot. The brigades moved promptly at 3 a.m., and rushed at once on the enemy's works, carrying their lines, taking 4 pieces of cannon, 5 colors, some 600 prisoners, and about 1,500 stand of small-arms. We pursued the enemy some distance, but having no support, and finding the enemy in a new position, we took up a line in advance of the position we had carried, the left resting on a redoubt in that line, pushing our skirmishers as far to the front as practicable. We continued our skirmishing all day, and in the afternoon I placed a battery in position near my front at the Shands house, and other batteries were placed in position in the rear of the line at various points to cover the attack made by the First and Third Divisions, and I held my division in readiness to assist them.

On the morning of the 18th we advanced in support of the Third Division and the First Brigade took part in the attack, making a vigorous charge, driving the enemy across the railroad cut and ravine beyond, and getting within some forty or fifty yards of their intrenchments at the nearest point. In this charge Colonel Curtin, commanding the brigade, and Captain Mighels, his assistant adjutant-general, were both severely wounded. In the evening I relieved the Third Division and occupied the whole front connecting with the Second Corps on the right and the Fifth on the left, holding the advance as a skirmish line. I intrenched a line on this side of the railroad for a main line. During the next three or four days I strengthened this line as much as possible with traverses and abatis and built a covered way to the rear.

On the 25th I made the advance line continuous, traversed it, put down abatis in front, and continued the covered way to it.

On the 27th a gallery for a mine was commenced by Lieutenant-Colonel Pleasants, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and his regiment, which was continued until July 18, when it was about completed. During this period I built two or three field-works for guns and was continually skirmishing with the enemy, my losses averaging some 14 or 15 officers and men killed and wounded per diem, and considerable artillery and mortar firing was going on.

On the 23rd of July arrangements were made for charging the mine, which was effected on the 26th with 8,000 pounds of powder, and on the 29th preparations were made for springing the mine and an assault the next morning. From the 19th of June to the 29th of July, both inclusive, nothing very marked occurred, each day being a repetition of the preceding.

35 R R-VOL XL, PT I

