
During the fifth epoch my losses were 173 killed, 744 wounded, and 22 missing; total 939. During the entire period from the 5th of May to the 29th of July, 1864, inclusive, embraced in the foregoing report, the losses in action in the division were 542 killed, 2,505 wounded, and 384 missing, making a total of 3,431 killed, wounded, and missing.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 30, 1864-2.30 p.m.

COLONEL: The troops have been driven from their advanced position back into the old line. The Ninth and Eleventh New Hampshire, Seventeenth Vermont, and Thirty-first and Thirty-second Maine, are reported to be captured almost entire. Also the Fifty-eighth Massachusetts and Second New York Mounted Rifles, and Second Maryland Volunteers, are almost entirely captured, besides several hundred of killed and wounded left upon the field. The line from which we advanced this morning is so weak that it is in great danger. I beg leave to call the attention of the commanding general to the fact that my division is reported as nearly annihilated and cannot therefore possibly reoccupy the position from which it advanced this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps.

P. S.-General Griffin sends me word that General Bartlett fell into the enemy's hands. My brigade commanders report but that a very small proportion of the wounded were removed from the field.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, Before Petersburg, Va., August 1, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my division in the assault on the enemy's position on the 30th ultimo:

The mine which had been constructed under the charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Pleasants by his regiment [the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry, of the First Brigade of this division] was charged and ready to be fired. In accordance with orders received from the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac and this corps, on the night of the 29th ultimo, I issued orders to Colonel Pleasants to spring his mine at 3.30 on the morning of the 30th and prepared my division to move forward to the right of General Ledlie as soon as practicable after the mine was sprung, without its interfering with the movements of the

