
No. 187. Report of Colonel John Fisk, Second New York Mounted Rifles (dismounted), of operations July 30.
HDQRS. SECOND MOUNTED RIFLES NEW YORK VOLS.,Before Petersburg, Va., August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to present the following report of the participation of the Second Regiment New York Mounted Rifles in the engagement of July 30:

At the time mine was sprung the regiment, having been relieved late in the evening before from picket duty, were lying under arms in the woods in rear of our works. Soon after the springing of the mine we were ordered into our front line of works to the right of the fort recently blown up. Soon after attaining our position in line a charge was ordered, which order was promptly obeyed. Our regiment was formed left in front and occupied the extreme right of the charging column. We advanced and captured the rifle-pits in front of the about 3.30 p.m. Our loss during [the day] was 10 men killed, 31 wounded, and 7 missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOHN FISK,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain PECKHAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Div., Ninth Corps.

No. 188. Report of Major John G. Wright, Fifty-first New York Infantry, of operations July 30.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIRST REGIMENT NEW YORK VET. VOLS.,Before Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Fifty-first Regiment New York Veteran Volunteers, during the assault on Petersburg on the morning of July 30, 1864:

In accordance with orders received from Colonel Bliss, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, I marched my regiment from its position on the front line back to the rear and formed it in the covered way skirting the edge of the woods in which we encamped, with the right resting on the left of the Second New York Mounted Rifles. This was between 3 and 4 a.m. We remained here until about 5.30 a.m., when I received the order to march my command by the flank to the front, and proceeded thus until I reached my former position on the front line. In pursuance with orders from Colonel Bliss I made a charge with the regiment and succeeded in carrying the enemy's line directly in our front. Upon reaching this new position I was soon followed by several regiments of the Tenth Corps, and the fighting became very severe, the enemy enfilading the regiment on both sides with a severe cross-fire of artillery. My regiment remained here some time doing good service and firing with severe effect upon the enemy. The enemy made a very determined charge against the

