
Forty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers. About 2 p.m. the loss of life was terrible. There was death below as well as above ground in the crater. It seemed impossible to maintain life from the intense heat of the sun.

General Bartlett received a note from General Griffin to the effect that the crater and other rebel works in our possession were to be abandoned and that he had better get out of the crater and save himself. The color bearer Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, with the color guard, with the exception of Corporal Haynes, who was killed, succeeded in gaining our former position and joined the command under Captain Fessler, who was left in command of the skirmish line, detailed from my regiment, holding the line of works occupied by us before storming the enemy's works. Many of the men were killed while falling back from the fort to our original position, others were wounded, and many who found it impossible to get back were captured by the enemy. I left the crater about the hour of 2 p.m. and joined the remainder of the regiment that was left on the skirmish line. General Bartlett, Captain Dibeler, and Lieutenant Seely, of the Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and several officers of negro regiments, were in the crater at the time I left. My intention was to procure water for the general and his suffering companions and return, but after running from the fort of our lines, under a terrible fire of musketry, I became completely exhausted and found it impossible to return. Captain Trout volunteered to take a party of men, and if possible take water to them, but before he could accomplish the good work, the entire command began falling back, and shortly after the crater was surrendered to the enemy.

I charged upon the enemy's works with 110 men. Of that number 6 were killed, 22 wounded, and 39 missing. Among the missing are Captains Dibeler and Richards, and Lieutenants Vanvalin, Catlin, and Seely. I am pleased to say that all the officers and men that were with me in engagement are deserving great praise for their noble conduct and bearing. Much praise is also due Captain Fessler and Lieutenant Cheeseman for their efforts in endeavoring to rally the negroes and other troops while they were retreating back across the front line of works occupied by the skirmish line of the Forty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEODORE GREGG,

Captain Co. F, 45th Regiment Penn. Vet. Vols., Commanding Regiment

Colonel Z. R. BLISS,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 190. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Pleasants, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations June 25-July 30.
HDQRS. FORTY-EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., August 2, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report, relating to the mine I excavated in front of the Second Division of the Ninth Corps:

It was commenced at 12 m. the 25th of June, 1864, without tools, lumber, or any of the material requisite for such work. The mining

