
went down, will never be forgotten. The work of the 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th of June, at Cold Harbor, will, too, claim their place in memory, and the continued work of the past two weeks here will make a deep mark on the records of the brain. Our hard marches also, which have not been few, have left their impression, as well as the many nights we have used the shovel and pick in the trenches and pits. But through all the Seventh has shown a gallantry, coolness, fidelity, and perseverance worthy her native State, and we hope no Rhode Islander can look on our record with any but the feelings of pride, though his joy must be tinged with sadness for the fallen brave. They have added much to the bright laurels won in previous campaigns, and nobly earned a soldier's brightest reward-the approbation of his superiors. Our decimated ranks tell of the hard work we have done. You would hardly recognize our short line of to-day as all that is left of the 900 that left Rhode Island with us less than two years ago; but though the chances of war have called us to weep over the graves of so many noble comrades, those that remain are true as steel, as has been proven on many a hard-fought field. May the future be as free from dishonor as the past.

For the sake of giving a corrected report I have infringed on the jurisdiction of two other commanders, Captain Winn, who commanded the regiment from the opening of the campaign to the forenoon of the 18th of May, and Captain Channell, who commanded from the 15th of June to the forenoon of the 17th of the same.

Inclosed please find a complete list of the killed and wounded in the regiment from the commencement of the campaign to date.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PERCY DANIELS,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers.

Brigadier General E. C. MAURAN,

Adjutant-General State of Rhode Island.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT RHODE ISLAND VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular order from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 30th ultimo, according to orders from division headquarters, this regiment followed the division with tools (three per man) to the intrenchments to the left of the ravine and remained in the path just back of our works until the troops were driven back from the crest opposite the enemy's battery up the ravine, then, as there was some confusion, the regiment dropped their tools and took position in the pits, which we occupied until a little after noon, when a brigade commander, who was ordered to relieve the First Brigade, ordered the regiment back. I then reported to General Potter, and was assigned position between the railroad and ravine which we occupied until Sunday night. I would also report that though the regiment remained in our pits I participated in the charge that carried the enemy's pits on the immediate left of the ravine. The regiment lost in the action 4 wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. DANIELS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers.

Captain P. E. PECKHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

