
a protected way, attacked our men in the trenches and fort, both in front and flank, and succeeded in driving us back to our original position. The Seventeenth Vermont was commanded by Major William B. Reynolds, my health having been such for some weeks as to incapacitate me from field duty. He led the regiment on this occasion, as I am they did all that was in their power to insure success. While bravely fighting the enemy in their own trenches he was shot by a musket-ball in the left breast, and soon thereafter died. His loss is deeply felt and deplored by all the command. Lieutenant William E. Martin, of Company E, was shot through the head about the same time. He had joined the regiment for duty but the day before, since he was wounded at the Wilderness. He was a brave and valuable officer. Lieutenant John R. Converse, of Company H, was killed early in action. Of the eight commissioned officers who went into the engagement not one returned to the regiment. When the enemy regained possession of their works they took a large number of prisoners, which largely swells the total loss. As evidence of the severity of the action I may remark that the Second Division lost more than half its effective force, and the Second Brigade lost in killed, wounded, or prisoners, every regimental commander on the field.

I append a list of the casualties in the Seventeenth that occurred during this engagement; also a list from June 20, the date of the former report, to July 29, inclusive.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES CUMMINGS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

No. 195. Reports of Brigadier General Orlando B. Willcox, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

June 17, before Petersburg. The division made an isolated attack in the morning on the enemy, who was behind his rifle-pits. The point of attack was such that in marching toward it my lines were enfiladed by the enemy's canister at very short range. Our batteries did not co-operate effectually, in fact not at all, at the critical moment. The supporting brigade of the First Division had just lost its commander, Colonel Marshall, who was wounded, and his successor could not be found, and the assault was not successful; but my Second Brigade (Colonel Christ), intrenching itself between the lines and the enemy, when the First Division charged, my division rendered the most effectual assistance, capturing about 100 prisoners, with the colors of the Thirty-fifth Ninth Carolina, and a portion of the enemy's works.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 6 to June 3, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.941.

---------------

