
division, on his right, and Colonel Raulston, Twenty-fourth New York (dismounted) Cavalry (now commanding Christ's brigade), supporting. The railway bank was quite high and so steep that holes had to be dug in the side of if for the men to plant their feet, and as soon as a man showed his head he came under fire. This, of course, led to vexatious labor and delay in order to prepare the line to climb the bank simultaneously. On the extreme left, where the bank was lower, the movement began at once, and here the troops got as far as the ravine, driving out the enemy at the same time with the Fifth Corps troops. Every preparation being made, under a galling fire, at 5.30 the whole of the division and part of Curtin's brigade made a determined advance. The whole ground from the railroad to the ravine was carried, officers and men falling at every step. The ravine was crossed, the crest beyond gained, and under the fire of a heavy line of battle my heroic troops fought their way up to within 125 yards of the enemy's intrenchments and held their ground. There were not over 1,000 uninjured left in the ranks to intrench themselves when night came on. The Second Brigade changed its commander three times on the field. Colonel Raulston, Twenty-fourth New York (dismounted) Cavalry, and Lieutenant-Colonel Travers, Forty-sixth New York, successively commanding this brigade, were shot down at their posts.

Losses for the two days: Killed and wounded, 1,102; missing, 129; aggregate, 1,231. In the course of the night my troops were relieved by the Second Division, and bivouacked in the woods.

June 20 I relieved a division of the Second Corps, and on the 23rd relieved Crawford's division, Fifth Corps, and remained in the trenches from that time till and after July 30. Casualties in the trenches from June 19 to July 30: Killed and wounded, 339. I entered upon this campaign with about 6,000 men, of which one regiment (the Seventy-ninth New York) left me on the Ny River, to be mustered out, and three joined me-the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Wisconsin and Twenty-fourth New York (dismounted) Cavalry-prior to the 18th of June. The division lost in action 3,930, comparatively few of whom were taken prisoners. As a division it has done its duty quietly, but bravely and faithfully; never broke before the enemy; never lost a regiment or a gun, although its guns were always fighting near the main line, and never was saved from defeat by any other troops, although it has repeatedly saved others. The officers and men have done their duty. If anything is lacking it is in me, whose name sheds so little splendor on their noble deeds. I am especially indebted to my brigade commanders, Hartranft, Christ, and Humphrey, for their skill and courage of a high order.

Besides the regiments already mentioned, I would respectfully notice the Eighth Michigan, Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Ely; the Twentieth Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Cutcheon commanding, and the Twenty-seventh Michigan, Colonel D. M. Fox. These regiments were always ready, brave, cool, and stubborn in face of the enemy. The Fiftieth and Fifty-first Pennsylvania have also behaved like veterans, meeting with bloody losses without discouragement, and always fighting gallantly. The One hundred and ninth New York and Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry, although new regiments, exhibited throughout the steadiness and bravery of old troops. Many of my bravest officers have fallen on fields of brightest glory. Colonel F. Graves, Eighth Michigan; Colonel Schall, Fifty-first Pennsylvania; Majors Lewis and Belcher, of the Eighth Michigan; Barnes, of the Twentieth; Piper, of the First [Michigan] Sharpshooters; and Moody, of the Twenty-seventh, have won a proud

