
niche in the temple of martyrs for their country's salvation. To the zealous, brave, and skillful Roemer, and his excellent battery, and Twitchell and his fine battery, is due the soldiers' best possession-enduring fame. Of my staff I would mention for distinguished gallantry, Captain R. A. Hutchins, assistant adjutant-general, wounded in the Wilderness; Lieutenant L. C. Brackett, aide-de-camp, wounded on the Totopotomoy; and Lieutenant William V. Richards, aide-de-camp. To the rest of the staff, especially Surgeon O'Connell, Captain R. D. Johnston, Second Michigan, acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant Wells, ordnance officer, I am under lasting obligations.

The reports of General Hartranft, commanding First Brigade; Lieutenant Colonel B. M. Cutcheon, commanding Second Brigade, and Captains Roemer and Twitchel, battery commanders, are herewith inclosed; also nominal list of casualties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., August 6, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 30th ultimo Hartranft's brigade was promptly formed close in rear of the left of Ledlie's division, and ready to move forward at 3.30 a.m. Humphrey's brigade occupied part of the second line of our rifle-pits and the covered way leading to Hartranft's brigade, and was ready at the same hour. The mine exploded at 4.45 a.m. As soon as the explosion, and the First Division advanced, Hartranft's advance passed through our front line of pits in column of battalions (at 5 a.m.), and three regiments occupied the left of the exploded work on the left of the First Division, their ranks considerably broken by the irregularity of the ground. The First Division, halting in the crater, soon closed up the way so that two regiments of Hartranft's brigade remained on the rear slope of the rebel work, and two regiments halted in rear of our works, waiting for space to move up. The distance between the two lines was about 140 yards. In obedience to instructions from General Burnside I ordered General Hartranft forward without waiting for the First Division, with instructions to gain Cemetery Hill if possible. This was about 5.15 a.m. Meantime the enemy had recovered from their surprise, and now concentrated so heavy a fire upon the point that our troops, in seeking temporary shelter, became still more mixed with each other and with the First Division, lost their ranks and much of their regimental organization, in spite of the efforts of many of the officers, and every new regiment that marched into the breach only increased the huddle and confusion, and interfered the more with the officers in reforming of this brigade into the crater, but reported to General Burnside that no more troops could assault at this breach to advantage, and recommended attack on the right and left of it. I sent repeated and peremptory orders to General Hartranft to advance, but he reported it impossible. I ordered him to send at least a regiment to the left and within the enemy's lines, clean out the rebels on that flank as far as possible, and then advance. I am sure that both he with his staff and the regimental commanders did

