
Between 5 and 6 p.m. the whole division was out of the cut and in the ravine in advance. I now ordered the troops forward to attack; also ordered Colonel Curtin, First Brigade of Potter's division, to advance part of his brigade to the ravine. The division moved forward to attack, until reaching the summit of the opposite bank of the ravine, about 125 yards from the enemy's line. At this point my line became exposed to the full view of the enemy, whose fire was too severe to attempt farther advance. This position was, however, held and intrenched during the night, and was the nearest point to the enemy's line gained by the army on that day. It was from the rear of this line, as established, that the memorable mine was worked. During the night the entire division was relieved by pickets from General Griffin's brigade, Potter's division, except the Twenty-seventh Michigan, which remained on picket until the following night. The division was withdrawn about half a mile and placed in camp in the woods. Griffin's brigade formed a line connecting with the Second Corps on the right and the Fifth Corps on the left. I remained in camp until the evening of the 20th, when I was moved to the right and relieved part of the Second Corps. Continued slashing and building abatis until the evening of the 23d, when I was relieved by part of the Tenth Corps. I moved to the left and relieved part of Crawford's division, immediately on the left of the position occupied on the 18th.

The brigade remained in this position until the 30th of July. In the meantime the works were strengthened and straightened, covered way built to the front line, abatis placed in front of the line, bomb-proofs built, &amp;c.

It is with pleasure that I acknowledge the valuable services of my staff: Captain George Shorkley, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, who was badly wounded on 30th of July, losing his right hand; Captain Lane S. Hart, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, inspector-general, who was badly wounded on the 19th of August while in command of his regiment; Lieutenant W. H. S. Bean, One hundred and ninth New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp, also wounded on the 19th of August; Lieutenant R. A. Watts, Seventeenth Michigan, wounded on the 17th of June; Captain Davis, Twenty-first Massachusetts, provost-marshal, absent sick since July -, and Captain J. D. Bertolette, assistant adjutant-general.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

J. F. HARTRANFT,

Late Colonel 51st Regiment Pa. Vet. Vols. and Brigadier General of Vols.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Ninth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., August 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders received from the general commanding the division, I moved forward at about 5 a.m. on the morning of the 30th of July - the Twenty-seventh Michigan, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin, and Thirteenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry (dismounted), of my brigade, closely following the First Division-to the crater caused by the explosion of the mine. After passing into the crater, which was filled with the troops of the advance division, I pushed my troops to the left as

