
commanders was severe-Colonel Catlin, Colonel Bolton, Lieutenant-Colonel Stilson, One hundred and ninth New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Wright were severely, and Captain Ferris mortally, wounded.

I cannot refrain from noticing especially the conduct of the officers of my staff-Captain Bertolette, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Shorkley, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Doyle, provost-marshal; Lieutenant Bean and Watts, aides-de-camp-for their promptness and valor in pushing forward the troops as well as in holding the enemy's work to the last moment. Captain Shorkley was severely wounded,and lost his right hand.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. F. HARTRANFT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain ROBERT A. HUTCHINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 197. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Ely, Eighth Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY VETERAN VOLS.,Before Petersburg, Va., August 11, 1864.

SIR: *

Crossed the Chickahominy on the 14th [June] and the James on the night of the 15th. 17th and 18th participated in the assaults of the enemy's position in front of Petersburg; remained in second line of works until July 8, then advanced and occupied the first. Participated in the engagement on the 30th. The intermediate time had been occupied in strengthening the line and in an incessant exchanging of shots with the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RALPH ELY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 198. Report of Captain Richard Vosper, Twenty-seventh Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH MICHIGAN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Blick's Station, Va., September 20, 1864.

SIR: +

Withdrawing on the evening of June 12, we marched toward the James River and went into camp on the evening of the 14th near Charles City Court-House. Crossed the James River on the night of the 15th of June and on the evening of the 16th took position in front of Petersburg. The regiment participated in the battles of the 17th and

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.956.

+For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.959.

---------------

