
18th of June before Petersburg, Va., in the former of which Colonel Fox was severely wounded. From June 18, 1864, to July 8 the regiment lay in the second line of works before Petersburg.

During the operations of the month of June the loss of the regiment was as follows: Officers killed, 2; enlisted men killed, 19; total, 21. Officers wounded, 8; enlisted men wounded, 141; total, 149. Officers missing, 1; enlisted men missing, 22; total, 23. Aggregate, 193.

On July 8 the regiment moved into the first line of works,doing active duty until the morning of July 30, when the regiment moved out and participated in the charge made that day upon the rebel works. Here Lieutenant-Colonel Wright, commanding the regiment, was severely wounded. The loss of the regiment during the month of July is as follows: Enlisted men killed, 24. Officers wounded, 3; enlisted men wounded, 89; total wounded, 92. Officers missing, 1; enlisted men missing, 26; total missing, 27. Aggregate, 143.

During the entire operations of these three months the medical staff of the regiment was indefatigable in its endeavors to mitigate the sufferings of the wounded and sick of the command. Every possible care was taken of them, and the services thus rendered will ever be gratefully remembered.

To Chaplain S. S. Hunting the regiment is under a debt of gratitude which it can never repay. His services will ever be held in grateful remembrance.

The officer commanding gladly takes this occasion to testify to the general good conduct of the officers and men of his command during the period embraced in this report. They have, he trusts, performed their duty manfully, and won the confidence and approval of their superior officers. The regiment mourns the loss of many a good and brave man, but cherishes the hope that they have not fallen in vain, and that a grateful country will revere their memories and their surviving comrades emulate their courage.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

RICHARD VOSPER,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES H. McCREERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 199. Report of Captain Edwin Evans, One hundred and ninth New York Infantry.*

FIFTH EPOCH.

Sunday evening, June 12, left our position at Cold Harbor; marched all night, halting at sunrise for coffee. Resumed our march at 12 m. of the 13th, moving toward the James River. Crossed the Chickahominy at 6.30 a.m. June 14,and halted for the night within about a mile of the James River, where we remained until the evening of June 15, when we struck tents, took up our line of march, crossed the James at midnight, continuing on our march toward Petersburg, arriving near the enemy at 6 p.m. on the 16th, and went into position at once. Maneuvered most of the night and participated in the engagement of the 17th, losing quite heavily in killed, wounded, and prisoners. Moved across the railroad and lay upon the picket-line all night, where we

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI. Part I, p.961.

---------------

