
remained until the 19th; then came to the rear in a wood; staid here until 10 p.m. of the 20th; moved off to the right and took our position in the front lint of works and remained here until the morning of the 23d, at which time we moved to the left and rear, near an old brick house at the railroad. Staid here until the 27th, when the regiment went on picket, where it remained with little intermission performing fatigue and picket duty until the morning of July 30, at which time we were relieved by a portion of the Eighteenth Army Corps and formed a part of the assaulting column upon the enemy's works at the point where the mine was sprung. Entered the crater and most of the command remained in it until about 1 p.m., when we evacuated. Reformed the regiment in the ravine just in rear of our line of works and moved up in the works. On picket again until 11 p.m., at which time we were relieved and went to the rear. Thus ended a hard day's work.

EDWIN EVANS,

Captain, 109th New York Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

No. 200. Report of Captain Joseph K. Bolton, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations June 15-July 30.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIRST Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., September 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

Crossed the James River on the 15th [June] and arrived in front of Petersburg June 16, at 4 p.m. Assaulted the enemy's works June 17, but failed to carry them. Formed a portion of the column that assaulted the enemy's works June 18; failed to carry their works,b ut gained a prominent position near their works. From that date until July 30 nothing of particular importance transpired, the time being spent in straightening the lines and fortifying our position. On the 30th of July the regiment was in support of the assaulting column.

The loss of the regiment during the operations in front of Petersburg is 104 in killed, wounded, and missing.

I have the honor to be, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. K. BOLTON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain CHARLES H. MCCREERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 201. Report of Colonel Samuel Harriman, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH WISCONSIN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Petersburg, Va., August 12, 1864.

In compliance with Special Orders, No. 39, I have the honor to submit the following record of the Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers from date of assignment to the First Brigade, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, to July 31, 1864:

June 12, having reported as per orders from corps headquarters for duty to Brigadier-General Hartranft, were assigned to a line of rifle-

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.963.

---------------

