
pits at Cold Harbor, which we occupied at 2 p.m. Evacuated Cold Harbor at 9 p.m. After a constant and rapid march arrived near James River 6 p.m. 14th. Crossed James River on pontoon bridge at 11.30 p.m. 15th. Arrived in woods near Petersburg and halted 5.30 p.m. 16th. At dusk advanced and occupied a line of rifle-pits near the left of our line.

June 17, having changed our position, made a charge toward enemy's work, conforming (as per order) to the movements of regiment upon our left. The charge was a failure, and we found ourselves at its terminus occupying our own rifle-pits, to the right of our previous position. June 18, in concert with the balance of the brigade charged to the ravine between the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad cut and Petersburg, Va. June 19, relieved from duty and ordered into camp to rear of front line of battle. June 20, ordered into intrenchments. June 23, occupied another position in line of intrenchments to left of the one occupied on the 20th. June 26, Captain R. N. Doyle, Eighth Michigan Volunteers, placed in command of regiment by order of Brigadier-General Hartranft. June 27, moved out to picket-line; set about strengthening line. July 9, regiment relieved from duty in pits, and in camp at rear and out of range. July 17, entered pits again. July 18, Captain Doyle relieved of his command of regiment, Colonel Samuel Harriman assuming command. July 30, after explosion of enemy's fort by our mine charged their works at 4.30 a.m., which were held by our troops until 4 p.m., when the Thirty-seventh was among the last few who fell back to former line of works. July 31, regiment relieved and sent to rear 2 a.m.

SAM. HARRIMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

No. 202. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Colwert K. Pier, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry.

Report of the part taken by the Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, in the operations before Richmond and Petersburg:

FIFTH EPOCH.

The Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, composed of four companies, were ordered to report to commanding officer of Army of the Potomac on the 11th day of June, 1864, and were temporarily attached to the Third Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps. During the night of the 11th, while the regiment was on picket, they were relieved and ordered to report to Colonel Hartranft, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, and lay during the 12th in the trenches occupied by this brigade. On the evening of the 12th we marched with the brigade to the left, reaching the vicinity of Charles City Court-House on the p.m. of the 14th. Remained in camp here until the evening the night, reaching a position before Petersburg Thursday evening, the 16th of June. After remaining in line for a time and an engagement being in progress, we were moved out with the brigade to a line of trenches, lying under fire during the night and forenoon. At 1 o'clock we were ordered forward to assault a line of the enemy's works. Through some mishap the regiments immediately on the left of the Thirty-eighth somewhat overlapped each other and caused something of a diversion from our

