
line. In the evening the second assault was participated in by this regiment, which was very successful. On the 18th the works adjacent to the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad, [*] and our losses were quite severe.

From this time until the 4th of July we lay in the trenches, almost continually under fire, fortunately but few casualties occurring. The regiment lay in camp until the 17th of July, when we again went to the front, remaining in the first line of trenches under fire until the 30th of July, when the memorable explosion took place. The companies of the regiment participating in the assault following this terrific "blow up" moved up in good order, and every officer and soldier distinguished himself on the occasion.

C. K. PIER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers.

NOTE.-The tabular statement of losses was forwarded at the time called for.

No. 203. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Byron M. Cutcheon, Twentieth Michigan Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 16-July 27.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Poplar Spring Church, Va., October 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: +

On the evening of the 15th of June the brigade appeared in front of Petersburg and moved into position.

BATTLES OF PETERSBURG.

On the 17th of June the brigade took position in a ravine in front of the enemy's second line, which they had hastily constructed during the night of the 16th. When the charge was ordered the First Brigade, which was upon the left of this brigade, by some means took the wrong point of direction, and instead of moving against the enemy's works they swept past in front of them, receiving their full fire. Perceiving this miscarriage, Colonel Christ, commanding this brigade, ordered it to halt at the crest of the hill and throw up a slight breast-work, which they did. Later in the day the First Division charged and carried the works. The Sixtieth Ohio was then ordered forward to fill the space between the First Division and the Second Corps, which it did, but the space was so great and the regiment so small that it formed a very weak line. Still later the First Division was dislodged from the position they had gained and the Sixtieth Ohio was obliged to fall back with them. After dark the First Michigan Sharpshooters, Captain Levant C. Rhines commanding, was ordered to charge upon the angle of the enemy's works, which they did in most gallant style, capturing the works, with 3 officers, 86 enlisted men, and a stand of colors, which were sent to the rear. The enemy, however, were not disposed to yield the point and soon returned to the fight, which now became a fierce hand-to-hand conflict, in which Captain Rhines, who had displayed the

---------------

*At this point in the report a full page of the original manuscript is missing.

+For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 15, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.965.

---------------

