
The regiments that reached the enemy's works helped hold these works against the three assaults of the enemy, and were among the last to obey the order to retire at 2.30 p.m. As I have already forwarded you reports of the losses they need not be reported here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HUMPHREY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain ROBERT A. HUTCHINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 205. Report of Colonel Charles V. De Land, First Michigan Sharpshooters, of operations July 30.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MICHIGAN SHARPSHOOTERS, August 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The participation of this regiment in the action is hereby stated as follows: We went into the action with about 100 guns. In the charge on the enemy's works the regiment took a small section on the left of the fort, capturing about 30 prisoners in their works. The command aided in repulsing two charges and also in clearing a small "flanker" of rebels, capturing about 20 more, making about 50 in all. A part of the regiment, under the orders of General Bartlett, assisted in working two pieces of cannon found near the fort as long as ammunition could be obtained, then the works were abandoned. We lost a large number of prisoners and one State color. I was disabled before the charge was made and Captain E. C. Dicey, who led the regiment, was captured, and I am thus unable to give full particulars. The following is a list of our losses.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. V. DE LAND,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain THOMAS MATHEWS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 206. Report of Colonel William Humphrey, Second Michigan Infantry, of operations June 12-19.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MICHIGAN INFANTRY,Before Petersburg, Va., August 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: +

FIFTH EPOCH.

At 10 p.m. of the 12th [June] the regiment, with the brigade, withdrew from its position about Cold Harbor and took up its line of march for the James River, going via Tunstall's Station and crossing the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge, reaching Wilcox's Landing, on the James, about 5 p.m. of the 14th. On the evening of the 15th crossed the river and moved direct for Petersburg, before which place we arrived about 3 p.m. of the 16th. After dark we moved to a position

---------------

*Aggregating 2 men killed, 4 officers and 10 men wounded, and 3 officers and 26 men captured or missing.

+For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.953.

---------------

