
James River at 6.30 p.m. of the 14th and sent out seventy-five men on picket. On the 15th crossed the James River, marched all night, and took up position in front of Petersburg. At 7 p.m. on the 16th sent out ninety men as skirmishers.

On the 17th day of June we supported the charge of the First Brigade, suffering but slight loss.

On the 18th of June the regiment made a charge across a wide open field and through a deep cut on the Suffolk railroad, suffering very severely from a galling cross-fire; then charged again from the railroad up to within 160 yards of the enemy's works and threw up rifle-pits. Our loss on this day was about one-half the effective force engaged. About midnight the regiment was withdrawn from the front and lay in reserve, where it remained until the 20th of June, when it again moved into the trenches.

This completes the report of Major Grant.

The regiment remained in the trenches until July 25 without relief. On the 25th we were withdrawn to the rear, where we rested two days, and on the 27th of July we moved two miles and a half to the left and rear of the Suffolk railroad. We were occupied with the picket duty until the evening of the 29th, when we again returned to the front, bivouacking near the headquarters of the Fifth Army Corps.

For the operations of this command in the assault upon the enemy's lines before Petersburg on the 30th and the operations on the 31st I respectfully refer to my report forwarded on the 3rd instant* and the list of casualties appended. The following is the list of casualties during the operations around Petersburg.+

I cannot close this too lengthy report without at least an allusion to the conduct of the officers and men of this command. It is only necessary to state that at all times and under all emergencies they have discharged their duties faithfully, gallantly, and uncomplainingly. Our casualties have been greater in number than the number of muskets we carried at the beginning of the campaign. We entered the campaign with 22 officers; of these, a major, 3 captains, and 4 lieutenants have been killed; the colonel commanding, 3 captains, and 3 lieutenants wounded, and a captain and lieutenant missing; total loss of officers, 17.

Among so many gallant officers it is impossible to speak of all who merit it, whether living or dead, but I must make an exception in favor of Major George C. Barnes, who fell gallantly leading his regiment in the charge of June 18. He was a brave, intelligent, and thoroughly reliable officer, often tried and never found wanting. Also Major (late Captain) Grant, who assumed command on the death of Major Barnes, of whom all may be said that has been said of the latter. One other man deserves special mention. Color-Sergt. Alexander Bush, after having carried his colors with the greatest bravery in every action of the campaign, was reported wounded and missing after the assault of the 30th of July; his commission as first lieutenant came two days too late to reward his gallantry. In short, the command has honored every call upon it and only ninety-one effective men now remain in the ranks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BYRON M. CUTCHEON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Regiment Michigan Vol. Infantry.

Captain THOMAS MATHEWS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 9th Army Corps.

---------------

*See p.509.

+See appendix following.

---------------

