
and marched to Wilcox's Landing, on James River. Here we rested until the night of the 15th, when we crossed the pontoon to the south side of the James. That night we continued our march to Petersburg. We arrived near Petersburg on the 16th near night, when the regiment encamped until morning. On the 17th the division engaged the enemy and my regiment was deployed as skirmishers to keep up stragglers; also cut some roads. On the 18th the fight was renewed, my regiment being still deployed to keep up stragglers. Since that time the regiment has been engaged each day in cutting timber for rifle-pits, cutting roads, digging pits, building forts, and making gabions, giving general satisfaction. I have had 1 man killed, 2 officers and 5 men wounded; none missing.

Most respectfully I remain, your obedient servant,

CONSTANT LUCE,

Colonel, Commanding Seventeenth Regiment Michigan Volunteers.

Captain R. A. HUTCHINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 211. Report of Brigadier General Edward Ferrero, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., August 1, 1864.*

FIFTH EPOCH.

On the 13th [June] marched to New Kent Court-House. On the 14th marched to near Diascond Creek. The trains of the army being here delayed in crossing the Chickahominy, we did not leave Diascond Creek until the evening of the 15th, when I moved the division to within two miles of Cole's Ferry and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 16th, the trains of the army having all crossed the Chickahominy, I moved my command across that river and marched to a position near the pontoon bridge across the James River, which was occupied by the Sixth Corps, and relieved the troops of the Sixth Corps with my command. On the 17th instant, the army trains having all crossed the James, I moved my division across that river and encamped for the night near Wilcox's house. On the 18th, moving in rear of the trains, I marched my command to Bailey's Creek, near Old Court-House, when I reported, by a staff officer, to Major-General Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac, for instructions. Receiving orders from him to leave the dismounted cavalry to guard the trains and to report with the balance of my command to Major-General Burnside, commanding Ninth Army Corps, I moved the division to a position a short distance in the rear of the Ninth Army Corps. On the 20th instant, by command of Major-General Burnside, the division was placed in the second line of works, on the front occupied by the Ninth Army Corps. The division remained in this position, when,

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 987.

---------------

