
in compliance with orders from Major-General Burnside on the 27th instant, I moved the division to Prince George Court-House, and occupied a position covering that place. On the 30th, in compliance with orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I moved from Prince George Court-House to the Jerusalem plank road, near the Williams house, and reported to Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, for instructions. By his orders the division occupied the line of works vacated by the Sixth Corps, looking toward the left flank of the army.

On July 2, in compliance with orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I moved the division and took position at the crossing of the Blackwater by the Norfolk road, covering the approaches from the left of the Sixth Corps toward Prince George Court-House. At 11.30 p.m. on the 9th, in compliance with orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I moved the division to the Jerusalem plank road, near Williams', and reported to Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, for instructions. By his orders the command was again placed in the breast-works looking toward the left flank of the army. On the 12th I received orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac to report to Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, for orders, and, in compliance with instructions received from him, occupied a position extending from the old Norfolk road to the Jerusalem plank road, and looking toward the left flank of the army. On the 22nd instant, in compliance with orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I reported with my division to Major-General Burnside, commanding Ninth Army Corps. By his orders one brigade (Colonel Sigfried's) was placed in the trenches, and my two batteries reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe, chief of artillery, to be placed in position. On the 27th instant, in compliance with orders from Major-General Burnside, my Second Brigade, with Colonel Humphrey's brigade, of the Third Division, and Captain Wright's (Fourteenth Massachusetts) battery moved to and occupied a position extending from the old Norfolk road to the Jerusalem plank road. On the 29th instant I received orders from Major-General Burnside to move my command to the vicinity of his headquarters. Colonel Humphrey's brigade and Captain Wrigth's battery were ordered to rejoin their respective commands, and I received instructions to have my command in readiness to participate in the assault on the rebel works the next morning. Early in the morning of the 30th, having formed by division in the timber in rear of the covered way, they moved according to instructions in rear of the Third Division of our corps at daylight. On reaching our advanced line of works we were compelled to halt on account of other troops occupying the position that was assigned mine. We there remained some time until I received orders from the general commanding to advance and carry the crest of the hill beyond the crater. I ordered the column forward, when I was requested to halt my command by Lieutenant-Colonel Loring, until he could confer with the general and return. I did so. Shortly after Lieutenant-Colonel Loring returned with orders that my division advance at all hazards, and if necessary to lead them in person. I accordingly advanced the column to the assault in the following order: Colonel Sigfried, commanding First Brigade, in advance, followed by Colonel Thomas, commanding Second Brigade, to move by the flank until they passed the crater (it being impossible to move otherwise), and then advance in line or column, as Colonel Sigfried, commanding the advance, might deem proper on arriving at the point designated; in moving to carry the crest of

