
very good effect; also opened with one section, in position to the left of Captain Roemer's battery, on the enemy's fort or battery to the left of the main (Jordan) road, with good effect. The enemy's port-holes were soon so much damaged that he ceased his fire, and apparently withdrew his pieces. Observed the enemy open from a battery on the crest of the hill near some old chimneys. Immediately directed fire of the two sections on the right of Captain R[oemer]'s battery against him, compelling him to change his position, first to the right behind a barn or shed, then again farther to the left, out of our range; also directed the fire of all my guns which could be brought to bear against the enemy's charging party about noon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. MAYO,

Captain, Commanding Third Battery Maine Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. MONROE,

Chief of Artillery, Ninth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MAINE BATTERY, Before Petersburg, Va., August 5, 1864.

Chief of Artillery, Ninth Army Corps:

SIR: This report was sent to division headquarters on the morning of the 3rd instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. R. MAYO.

No. 217. Report of Lieutenant Seth A. Emery, Third Maine Battery, of operations July 9-30.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD MAINE BATTERY, Camp before Petersburg, Va., August 12, 1864.

Report of the operations of the Third Maine Battery since joining the Army of the Potomac, in compliance with Special Orders, No. 209, current series, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864:

FIFTH EPOCH.

Joined the Army of the Potomac, and was assigned to the Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, July 9, 1864. Relieved one section Seventh Maine Battery on the left and rear of Captain Roemer's battery on the night of July 9, 1864, with one section this battery. In the course of eight days selected a position and built

breast-works for the remaining sections on the right of Captain Roemer's battery. Fired a few shot daily at working parties up to July 30, 1864. Saturday, July 30, opened with two sections to the right of Captain Roemer's battery on the enemy's rifle-pits to the left of the crater, with apparently very good effect; also opened with one section, in position to the left of Captain Roemer's battery, on the enemy's fort or battery to the left of the main (Jordan) road, with good effect. The enemy's port-holes were soon so

