
present month. I opened fire occasionally from my guns when it seemed advantageous and necessary, and whenever the enemy made any unusual move or demonstration.

The 22nd of July the enemy opened with musketry and occasionally with artillery, and my guns replied spiritedly.

During the first day of the month of July I had one guns dismounted as a mortar, and experimented with it successfully the result of which I have forwarded in a written communication to Lieutenant- Colonel Monroe, chief of artillery, Ninth Army Corps. My command has been highly fortunate during the forty-seven days at the front, having suffered but little in killed and wounded.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. TWITCHELL,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Maine Battery Veteran Volunteers.

Captain ROBERT A. HUTCHINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

SEVENTH MAINE BATTERY, Near Petersburg, Va., August 3, 1864.

I herewith submit the following report of the operations of my battery in the engagement before Petersburg on Saturday, July 30, 1864:

I had one section of guns on the front line near and to the left of the ice-house, one piece bearing on the ravine to prevent the massing of the enemy's forces there, and the other bearing on the enemy's fort to the left of the turnpike road. I had one piece to the left of the Taylor house and just to the right of the turnpike bearing up the road to the left of the fort that was mined. At 7.30 a.m., by orders from General Burnside, I put one piece in position in a redoubt to the right of the Taylor house (from which position four of my pieces had been withdrawn the previous night, anticipating that the fire from the fort would cover all the ground) bearing directly on the embrasure from which one gun was throwing shell and canister upon our force occupying the crater and upon the supports. My guns opened fire immediately on the mine being sprung. The guns on the front line threw shot and shell against the parapet and embrasures of the work in their front, and during the continuance of the firing almost defaced the work, rendering it impracticable for the enemy to fire from the embrasures fronting our line. The gun on the right of the turnpike opened with spirit on the right salient angle of the enemy's fort to the left of the turnpike and continued firing at regular intervals during the engagement, occasionally turning the fire more to the right when the enemy opened upon our advancing columns. The piece put into position to the right of the Taylor house opened fire about 8 a.m., and after a well directed fire of about thirty minutes the rebel gun ceased firing for a time and opened only occasionally afterward and at long intervals. I think that the piece in this latter position disturbed the enemy's fire materially as the projectiles could be thrown directly into the embrasure. I lost 1 man killed during the action. Ammunition expended: Solid shot, 142; case-shot, 71, shell, 76.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. TWITCHELL,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Maine Battery.

Lieutenant SAMUEL CHAPIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery, Ninth Corps.

