
No. 219. Reports of Captain Edward J. Jones, Eleventh Massachusetts Battery.

ELEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTERY, Before Petersburg, Va., August 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

V.

June 12, marched toward the Chickahominy. 14th, crossed Chickahominy. 15th, crossed the James. 16th, arrived in front of Petersburg. 17th, went into position and engaged the enemy, and up to this date have remained in position with the other artillery of this division and under fire every day save eight. This battery was in its position in front of the mine, and was the second to open fire on the enemy on the morning of the 30th ultimo, and expended on that day 517 rounds ammunition.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD J. JONES,

Captain Eleventh Massachusetts Battery.

Lieutenant CHAPIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, 9th Army Corps.

ELEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTERY, Before Petersburg, Va., August 5, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 4th instant this forenoon, and in answer I have the honor to inform Colonel Monroe that my command was actively engaged during the whole of the attack on the 30th ultimo, and simultaneously with the explosion of the mine destroying the enemy's fort on the left flank of the position occupied by my guns and those of Captain Rogers. We opened fire with my whole battery upon the enemy's lines, firing rapidly, by special orders, for about two hours, the range having been accurately ascertained with great precision by previous practice upon the same lines. I need hardly say no shot failed to be effective and the whole working of the guns was executed with great cheerfulness, spirit, and skill be the officers and men in immediate charge. The right piece expended 179 rounds of shot and shell and the whole battery expended during the entire attack 517 rounds shot and shell. In consequence of suffering with intermitted fever and First Lieutenant Morrill being confined to his quarters sick the immediate command of the battery devolved on Second Lieutenant Woodsum, who discharged his duties in a creditable manner and with the approval of Captain Rogers, chief of artillery of this (Second) division, who had general direction of both batteries. I am most grateful to good Providence that no men of my command were injured during the day, and have the pleasure to report no casualties in this attack.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

EDWARD J. JONES,

Captain Eleventh Massachusetts Battery.

Lieutenant SAMUEL CHAPIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General Artillery Brigade, 9th Army Corps.

---------------

*For portion to report (here omitted) covering operations from April 25 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.937.

---------------

