
No. 220. Report of Captain Joseph W. B. Wright, Fourteenth Massachusetts Battery.*

FIFTH EPOCH.

The march across the Chickahominy and the James, and the operations in front of Petersburg up to the assault on the enemy's works July 30, 1864.

The battery left Cold Harbor at 6 p.m. on the afternoon of June 12; marched that night and halted in the morning at Tunstall's Station, on the York River railroad. At noon resumed march and camped at night near the Chickahominy. On the 14th march was resumed in the morning, crossing the Chickahominy at Jones' Bridge; camped at night near Charles City Court-House. June 15, marched at daylight to the James River and crossed on pontoon bridge at Wyanoke Landing to camp. At 1 a.m. the 16th the march was resumed, and at night reached near Petersburg. On the morning of the 17th the battery was placed in a redoubt captured from the enemy and fire opened on their batteries, silencing them and blowing up some of their caissons. On the 18th, the enemy having fallen back, the battery advanced to the Shands house and parked. On the night of 20th the battery went into position on the line of battle with a brigade of the Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, remaining there until night of the 24th. On the 27th the battery accompanied General Ferrero's division, Ninth Corps, to Prince George Court-House and went into position. On the 30th marched with same division to the left of the front line near the Weldon railroad.

July 2, with same division, returned to the Norfolk railroad and camped until noon of the 9th, when the battery returned to the front and went into position on the line of battle with General Ledlie's division. Remained in position until night of 17th. On the 27th marched with a portion of the Third and Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps, to the rear the Norfolk railroad and went into fort. On the night of 29th marched to front. On the morning of 30th the battery was hitched up and held in reserve until noon, when it returned to camp.

J. W. B. WRIGHT,

Captain Fourteenth Battery Massachusetts Volunteers.

No. 221. Reports of Captain Edward W. Rogers, Nineteenth New York Battery.

CAMP NINETEENTH NEW YORK BATTERY, Before Petersburg, August 12, 1864.

SIR: +

FIFTH EPOCH.

On the evening of June 12 marched with the Second Division toward the Chickahominy, which we crossed on the 14th, and parked near the James River the same evening. Crossed the James on the pontoon

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 5 to June 12 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.922.

+For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 5 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.938.

---------------

