
No. 222. Report of Captain John B. Eaton, Twenty-seventh New York Battery, of operations June 14 - July 30.

TWENTY-SEVENTH NEW YORK BATTERY, August 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

FIFTH EPOCH.

Crossed the Chickahominy on the 14th [June] and the James on the 15th, reaching the lines in front of Petersburg on the 16th. Took part in the engagement of the 17th, my battery going into position about 6 p.m., and being engaged nearly all night, at intervals. Had several men and horses wounded, two of the former mortally. The battery being in an exposed position at Shands' house was subjected to a severe fire of musketry, as well as that from two batteries at short range, and the casualties were remarkably few. From that date to July 30 my battery was in position at various times and at various points on the lines, usually on the front of the First Division, Ninth Corps. It was engaged on several occasions, but met with slight loss, either in killed or wounded. It was not engaged in the action of July 30.

Return of casualties from May 4 to July 30: June 17, Corpl. George Shoop, wounded in action before Petersburg, died at First Division hospital June 20. June 17, Private James Hull, wounded in action before Petersburg, died and Columbia Hospital, Washington, July 2. June 17, Private Patrick Dorsey, wounded in action before Petersburg. July 4, Private Jacob Shick, died at Columbia Hospital, Washington, of disease. July 9, Private William Killion and Lewis Lassing, captured by the enemy. July 30, Private George Pemberton, died at First Division hospital (Ninth Army Corps) of disease.

Very respectfully,

JNO. B. EATON,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-seventh New York Battery.

Lieutenant SAMUEL CHAPIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,&amp;c.

No. 223. Reports of Captain Jacob Roemer, Thirty-fourth New York Battery.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FOURTH NEW YORK BATTERY, August 7, 1864.

SIR: +

FIFTH EPOCH.

The night of the 12th [June] withdrew from Fort Fletcher and commenced mart toward James River. 13th, marching all day. 14th, encamped within two miles of the James. 15th, crossed the James early in the morning at Cannon's Landing; encamped one mile beyond, awaiting rations. At 12 midnight continued march, arriving before

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 13, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.994.

+For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.984.

---------------

