
Petersburg at 4 p.m. of the 16th; went into position with one piece at 10 p.m. under heavy fire; in action all next day, changing position several times; fired 130 rounds. 18th, advanced through woods at commencement of battle, went into position, and opened brisk fire to cover advance of our columns, one piece ordered into position in advance of the others. The 20th went into position farther on our right, within 400 yards of enemy's works. 21st, Lieutenant Thomas Heasley severely wounded. 23d, went into position farther on our left, about 1,000 yards from enemy's, where we lay until July 5, firing a few rounds at the enemy each day. Evening of July 6 removed about 600 yards farther to the left in a strong work put up during night of the 5th, it being a nearer and march more commanding position. For the most part of the month the men were engaged in building magazines and strengthening the work. We lay comparatively quiet, occasionally firing a few rounds, until the battle of the 30th, when we were actively engaged, firing 448 rounds.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACOB ROEMER,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-fourth New York Battery.

Captain R. A. HUTCHINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FOURTH NEW YORK BATTERY, Before Petersburg, Va., August 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of Thirty-fourth New York Battery of the action of Saturday, July 30, 1864:

The battery had four pieces of 3-inch rifled ordnance in position on a hill commanding the greater part of the enemy's lines in front of the Fifth and Ninth Army Corps, and between 900 and 1,000 yards distance from the point assaulted. On evening of 29th ultimo received notice of the intended explosion of the mine and attack of our forces, which was stated to take place at 3.30 o'clock, but for some unknown reason it did not take place until 4.07 o'clock by me time. I had the men of my command at their post at 3 o'clock with pieces loaded and lanyards in hand ready for immediate service. At instant of the explosion of the mine we opened fire with all four pieces directed upon enemy's works. Our fire was very rapid and accurate, silencing the guns of the enemy that our pieces, could be brought to bear upon, but the guns that did most damage to our troops we could not get range of, on account of trees being in the way. After our troops had gained a portion of the works our fire slackened for awhile, but opened again as soon as the enemy made any demonstration against our troops. At the time they made the charge across the field in our front upon our forces that were in the advance, we opened a very destructive fire upon them, using case-shot, which I know did great execution among them, our shells bursting splendidly every time.

Our casualties during the day were none. We expended 448 rounds of ammunition.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,JACOB ROEMER,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-fourth New York Battery.

Lieutenant SAMUEL CHAPIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery, Ninth Army Corps.

39 R R-VOL XL, PT I

