
THIRD BATTERY LIGHT ARTILLERY VERMONT VOLS., Before Petersburg, Va., August 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

June 16, crossed the [Chickahominy] River and moved to the James River, near Wilcox's Landing, Va., and went into position in an earthwork, for the purpose of covering the crossing of that river. Remained in position until the morning of the 17th instant, when the battery left its position and crossed the James on the pontoon bridge near Fort Powhatan, Va., and moved up the south bank of the river a mile, and encamped for the night.

June 18, 1864, moved from the James River to the lines in front of Petersburg, Va., where it arrived at 10 p.m. and encamped. Remained in camp until the evening of the 20th instant, when it went into position near to and on the right of the Norfolk and Petersburg road. From the said 20th of June until the 30th of July, 1864, this battery has been in position at different points along the lines in front of Petersburg most of the time. This battery was engaged in the assault on the enemy's lines in front of Petersburg, Va., on the said 30th of July, 1864, a full report of its operations on that day having hitherto been submitted.

I am, lieutenant, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROMEO H. START,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant SAMUEL CHAPIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 226. Report of Brigadier General David McM. Gregg, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps, of operations July 7 - 30.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, November 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Cavalry Division from the 7th until the 30th day of July, 1864:

After crossing the James River the division was encamped near Light-House Point, picketing in rear and on left of the army until the 26th of July, on the evening of which day it marched with the First Division of the Cavalry Corps, the two divisions under command of Major-General Sheridan, from its camp across the Appomattox at Point of Rocks, and thence north of the James River, crossing at Deep Bottom. On the 27th the division occupied a position on Strawberry Plains. On the morning of the 28th an order from Major-General Sheridan directed me to move the division to Ridley's [Riddell's] Shop, near the intersection of the New Market and Charles City roads. The division moved from Strawberry Plains in the following order: The First Brigade, Brigadier General H. E. Davies commanding, in advance, the Second Brigade, Colonel J. I. Gregg commanding, following. Following a wood road leading from the Plains, the division struck the New Market road at the position occupied by the First Division, on the right of the Second Army Corps. Having moved one mile and a half down the

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 6 to June 15, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.993.

---------------

