
including 2 commissioned officers. This paragraph must refer to the 12th instant. The commanding general desires to know what truth there is in this statement.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, July 15, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of this date I have the honor to submit the following:

On the 12th instant, in obedience to the orders of the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, I moved my division down the Jerusalem plank road to ascertain the numbers of the enemy at Reams' Station and Proctor's Tavern. Arrived at the point on the plank road at which the road to Reams' Station leaves it: I there halted and sent General Davies' brigade, with one regiment of Colonel Gregg's brigade, on the road to Reams' Station. General Davies met the enemy's cavalry (Wickham's brigade) and drove it back to within one mile of the station and within the line of intrenchments. General Davies did not withdraw until late in the afternoon, and then by my order. Holding the intersection of the roads with Colonel Gregg's brigade, which in that position would be ready to support Davies if required, I sent two regiments of this brigade forward to make a reconnaissance toward Proctor's, on the plank road. These regiments, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Brinton, crossed Warwick Swamp at the bridge. A short distance beyond found a barricade, which they removed. About 200 yards beyond this barricade the advance of Colonel Brinton was charged by a large column of cavalry, moving up the plank road, this column having on either flank a line of dismounted men in the woods. Colonel Brinton, skirmishing with the enemy, fell back to the line of Warwick Swamp, a distance perhaps of 700 yards, and there remained, reporting the enemy in front of him as being fully four regiments. In this skirmish Colonel Brinton lost 3 officers missing, 12 men wounded, and 28 men missing. In the evening, just before dark, General Davies having returned from Reams' Station, I again advanced toward Proctor's, driving the enemy, who were dismounted, back, and compelled them to retire to Reams' Station, leaving open the plank road to Proctor's. Prisoners taken reported the advance of Fitz. Lee's division, with Lomax's brigade leading and Rosser's in rear. This was the force met by Colonel Brinton.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

P. S.-General Davies lost no men or officers missing. When I advanced in the evening I was at liberty to use my whole force, as General Hancock had sent infantry to hold the intersection of the roads.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, August 3, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 2nd concerning the reported capture of a gun by the enemy in the engagement of the cavalry

