
shipping them off that night on board a transport. For this purpose he borrowed ambulance from the medical director of the Second Corps, and by midnight they were all on board of the boat. Our register showed that 80 wounded had been admitted into hospital during the day, 12 of whom were rebels. The regimental reports gave a loss of 15 killed 81 wounded, 20 missing; total, 116.

On July 29 we remained in same position and there was no fighting, except that toward evening the enemy attacked the pickets of the First Maine, but were soon driven back; we had 3 men wounded. During the night we recrossed the James, bringing with us those last wounded and a few sick, in ambulances, whom we sent to City Point.

On July 30 we marched from the Appomattox to Lee's Mill, on Warwick Swamp. The day was excessively hot, and the men and horses greatly exhausted by want of rest and water and the extreme heat. When we arrived at Lee's Mill we found the enemy posted in a strong position on the opposite side of the stream; after a short time we flanked and dislodged them, but in the skirmishing we had 11 men wounded. They were taken to Lee's house, a temporary hospital then established, and they were fed, wounds dressed, and the necessary operations performed.*

E. J. MARSH,

Asst. Surgeon, U. S. Army, Surgeon in Chief of Division.

No. 228. Report of Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr., U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations July 26 - 30.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, November 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my brigade during the movement across the James River in the month of July last and for the month of August. During the whole of the month of August I was absent sick from the brigade, and can only give a brief and incomplete report of the occurrences of that period:

On the 26th day of July my command was in camp near Light-House Point, Va., on the James. In the afternoon of that day I moved from my camp, and after marching during the entire night, crossing the Appomattox River at Point of Rocks, reached the James River, and crossed that near Dutch Gap the following morning.

During the 27th the command lay on the north side of the James, not engaged.

On the 28th the brigade, in advance of the division, moved out toward the Quaker road, passing the First Division, Cavalry Corps. On getting beyond the right flank of the First Division, the column was attacked on the left flank, and before the brigade could be properly brought into position it was hotly engaged with Kershaw's division of the enemy's infantry. The position in which I was obliged to fight was exceedingly disadvantageous for the movements of cavalry, and the roads narrow and wooded on each side. I was obliged to dismount my command to fight, and for some time succeeded in holding the enemy in check. The First Pennsylvania Cavalry, on my right and the First New Jersey, in the center of my line, behaved with great spirit and bravery, and the other regiments all did their duty admirably and behaved

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XLII, Part I.

---------------

