
as well as men could do. A charge made by the enemy was repelled and they were driven back to the woods in confusion, but the second charge, made in grater force and with great determination, was successful in driving my men from the field. In falling back I regret to report that one gun belonging to Lieutenant Dennison's battery was lost, all the horses belonging to the piece were killed, and the support driven off by an overpowering force of the enemy. The gun had been left nearly in rear as my men were retiring for the purpose of protecting the retreat of a number of led horses and of men who were nearly cut off by the enemy's advance, and it answered that purpose well, and without it my loss would have been much greater that it was. No possible blame can attach to Lieutenant Dennison, who behaved with great courage and gallantry, and I can only consider the loss as one of the inevitable casualties of war.

On the 29th the brigade remained under arms all day dismounted, the horse having been sent across the river anticipating an attack.

During the night of the 29th and the morning of the 30th the brigade recrossed the James River, and then marched, crossing the Appomattox, to Lee's Mill. During this march I was relieved in command of the brigade by Colonel Stedman, Sixth Ohio Cavalry, and went to hospital. On reaching Lee's Mill in the afternoon of the 30th the brigade engaged and drove from that point a force of the enemy's cavalry.*

Respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, Jr.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. H. BIBBER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

No. 229. Report of Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations July 26 - 30.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, November 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that from the 6th of July (date of last report of operations) till the this command was doing picket duty in the vicinity of Prince George Court-House and Lee's mill. At that date the command marched from its camp at 4 p.m. and crossed the James River at Jones' Neck early on the morning of the 28th and encamped on Allen's farm, on Curl's Neck.

On the morning of the 29th moved out on the New Market road, passing in rear of the First Cavalry Division, under Brigadier-General Torbert, and formed my command in rear of General Davies' command, who was at the time engaged with the enemy. Heavy skirmishing continued for some time, when the enemy advanced heavy columns of infantry (Kershaw's and Heth's divisions) and General Davies was forced to abandon the field with the loss of one gun. I formed the Second and Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry in column with the intention of charging the enemy, but by order of General Gregg changed the disposition, and threw them into line, under cover of which General Davies' command retired. Leaving the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and First Maine on picket my command returned to Curl's Neck and encamped on Allen's farm. On the 29th formed line of battle, dismounted, sent horses to the rear, and remained in that possible until dark. Late in the afternoon of the 29th the enemy advanced and drove

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XLII, Part I.

---------------

