
in the First Maine Cavalry pickets on Malvern Hill, but the line was soon re-established, and without loss.

I have to regret the loss of Second Lieutenant Lockwood Caughey, wounded, and since died of his would; a young officer of great promise. I have, as usual, to bear testimony to the coolness and gallantry of the officers and men of my command.

On the 30th marched to Lee's Mill, where the First Brigade had a skirmish. Two regiments of this command (Second and Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry) sent to its support.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. H. BIBBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, 2nd Cavalry Division.

No. 230. Reports of Brigadier General James H. Wilson, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations June 17 - July 30.

GRAVELLY SPRINGS, ALA., February 18, 1865.+

At 5 a.m. June 17 the division began crossing the [James] river, the entire army, except trains, having already crossed. The same evening bivouacked about two miles beyond Prince George

Court-House, and the next day went into camp, at Mount Sinai Church, on the Blackwater. The services required of my command during this movement were trying in the extreme upon the endurance of the men and horses. For the intelligent and zealous performance of the duties assigned them Colonels McIntosh and Chapman were recommended for and subsequently received their promotion.

On the 20th I received instructions from General Meade to prepare my command for an expedition against the South Side and Danville railroads.

On the 21st Brigadier-General Kautz reported to me with his division of four regiments. I was ordered to strike the railroad as close as practicable to Petersburg and destroy it in the direction of Burkeville and the Roanoke River. The High Bridge on the South Side road and Roanoke bridge on the Danville road were especially to be aimed at. Having broken up these roads as far as possible, I was authorized to cross into North Carolina and make my way either to the coast or to General Sherman in North Georgia. If I could not cross the Roanoke River I was left to my own judgment what route to purpose in returning to the Army of the Potomac or the James River. Foreseeing the probability of having to return northward, I wrote to General Meade the evening before starting the I anticipated no serious difficulty in executing his orders, but unless General Sheridan was required to keep Hampton's cavalry engaged, and our infantry to prevent Lee from making detachments, we should probably experience great difficulty in rejoining the army. In reply to this note General Humphreys, chief of staff, informed me it was intended that the Army of the Potomac should cover the Weldon road the next day, the South Side road the day after, and that Hampton having followed Sheridan toward Gordonsville I need not fear any trouble from him.

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XLII, Part I.

+For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from April 7 to June 16, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.875

---------------

