
to be pursued, and directed General Kautz and Colonels McIntosh and Chapman to withdraw their commands as soon as possible. All dispositions had been made and the movement fairly begun when the rebels, by passing to the left under cover of the woods, attacked the left and rear of the two regiments yet in line to cover the movement. Lieutenant Fitzhugh turned his battery upon them and compelled them to retire, but their presence in that locality caused him as well as the two regiments to withdraw to the rear by the right flank and march parallel to the road. Kautz did not attempt to reach the road again, but pushed through the woods with the larger part of his command, till finally, by bearing to the left, crossed the railroad, between Reams' Station and Rowanty Creek, that night and bivouacked behind the army. I received no information, however, of his movements, except through stragglers from the regiments of his division, 300 or 400. They knew nothing of his movements, but represented the balance of the command captured. My own division was finally assembled in column with as little confusion as could be expected, and after passing Sappony Creek suffered but little annoyance from the enemy. The guns of Fitzhugh's and Maynadier's batteries as well as those attached to Kautz's division fell into the hands of the enemy, but were not captured in the fight. Having been compelled by the movement on our flank to withdraw through the woods, the officers and men could not get them through the swamp of Hatcher's Run and Rowanty Creek, and only abandoned them after every effort to extricate them had failed. Lieutenant Ward, of Maynadier's battery, succeeded in getting two of his guns away, but his horses having become exhausted by the rapid and long continued march he was compelled to throw the guns in the Nottoway River.

After withdrawing from the vicinity of Reams' Station, the march was continued without intermission, by the Double Bridges to Jarratt's Station, on the Weldon railroad, where the command arrived about daylight of the 30th. A small picket of the enemy was dispersed and the march continued eastward directly toward Peters' Bridge, on the Nottoway, and forded the river at that place. Thence bearing to the northward it marched as rapidly as possible toward Blunt's Bridge, on the Blackwater, arriving there at midnight. The bridge had been previously destroyed, but after an hour's hard labor was rebuilt. The entire command crossed by daylight, and after burning the bridge marched to the vicinity of Cabin Point, on the James River. The entire command arrived at 2 p.m. of the 31st [July 1] and encamped till the next day.

During this expedition the command marched 335 miles, 135 between 3 a.m. of the 28th and 2 p.m. of the 31st of June [July 1]. During this interval of eighty-one hours the command rested from marching and fighting not to exceed six hours. The loss sustained by the entire command was about 900 men, killed, wounded, and missing. Twelve field guns, 4 mountain howitzers, and 30 wagons and ambulances were abandoned and fell into the enemy's hands.

From the 1st to the 28th of July my division remained in camp at Jordan's (or Light-House) Point, on the James Rive, resting, refitting, and recuperating.

On the 29th of July, in pursuance of orders, it marched to the Westbrook house, near the Jerusalem plank road, and from that place picketed the left and rear of the army. The next day I received a note from General Humphreys, chief of staff, informing me the explosion of the mine and assault following had been successful and directing me to

