
No. 231. Reports of Brigadier General John B. McIntosh, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations June 22 - July 2.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, In Camp, near City Point, July 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my brigade in the late movement of the cavalry expedition under Brigadier-General Wilson for the purpose of destroying the South Side and Danville railroads.

We marched from Mount Sinai Church, situated southeast from Prince George Court-House, at 2 a.m. on the morning of the 22nd of June, my brigade in the center and behind General Kautz's division. Passing through Reams' Station, on the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, we reached Dinwiddie Court-House about 2 p.m. About six miles beyond formed, Colonel Chapman's brigade being at that time in the rear and somewhat engaged with the enemy. Finding Colonel Chapman was not much retarded, I pushed on and arrived at a point on the South Side Railroad about four miles northeast from Ford's Station. At this point I detailed the Second New York Cavalry to destroy the railroad, which was most effectually done for the space of half a mile, the rails and ties being taken up. The ties were then piled on top of each other and set on fire. The rails were also laid on top of the burning ties, and were so bent that they were useless until rerolled. At every available place where we could strike the railroad, we destroyed it, until we reached Ford's Station. The command was busy destroying the railroad that night until 1 a.m. At 3 a.m. June 23 my brigade moved out, bringing up the rear. I was not molested by the enemy. Keeping up a strong rear guard, I continued the destruction of the railroad until we arrived at Blacks and Whites. The First Connecticut and Second Ohio Cavalry Regiment were particularly busy in destroying the railroad this day. Chapman's brigade, in advance, having met the enemy near Nottoway Creek, and just as he was about to cross the railroad, soon became warmly engaged. My brigade was then placed in position on the hills in the rear of Nottoway Creek, guarding the right flank and rear.

At daylight on the morning of the 24th ultimo my brigade was withdrawn after Chapman's had passed through and beyond it, Chapman marching by way of Hungarytown toward Meherrin Station for the purpose of effecting a junction with General Kautz's division, which had been separated from us the day before; my brigade followed. I was not molested that day. I did not strike the Danville railroad that day until we crossed it at Meherrin Station about 3 o'clock in the afternoon. I then detailed one regiment and directed Lieutenant-Colonel Brinton, of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who was acting on my staff, to take charge of the Second New York Cavalry and thoroughly destroy the railroad from Meherrin Station to Keysville, distant eight miles. The work was most effectually done, the Second Ohio Cavalry covering the working parties. The brigade went into camp near Keysville at 11 p.m. I then received an order to turn out the command to work all night and to completely destroy the railroad up to Keysville Depot. I detailed the First Connecticut Cavalry, although the men were completely worn out and exhausted by their continued marching and labors. Late in the evening of the 24th of June I received an order to assume

