
command of the Third Division, Cavalry Corps, on the morning of the 25th until further orders, without, however, relinquishing supervising command of the First Brigade. Third Division moved from Keysville at 4.30 a.m. 25th, behind General Kautz's division, Colonel Chapman's brigade in rear. I ordered two regiments of the First and two regiments of the Second Brigade to be constantly engaged in tearing up and burning the railroad as far down as Drake's Branch, requiring Chapman to cover the movement with two regiments. The day was excessively hot, and the men were completely exhausted by their continued hard work on the railroad. I was obliged to halt the division at Drake's Branch for the three or four hours in order in order to let the working parties come in and rejoin us. Fortunately, during all this time, we were not molested by the enemy. Gathering the command together we pushed forward for Roanoke Station and when opposite Mossing Ford Branch I detailed the Fifth New York and one regiment from Chapman's brigade (the First Vermont) to complete the destruction of the railroad down the Roanoke Station, where we arrived about 6 p.m. In the mean time I received from Chapman that the enemy appeared in his rear. I immediately sent word to Chapman to have the wagon train parked on the north side of what I supposed was Horsepen Creek, and to form his command on the heights above and hold the enemy in check, should he make an attack. Subsequently, I ordered the train to be crossed to the south side, and to be parked near the First Brigade, then lying about three-quarters of a mile from Roanoke Station. Chapman was but feebly attacked, and held his position. A chance shot from one of the enemy's guns struck one of Maynadier's brass pieces, under command of Lieutenant Egan, and disabled it. It was brought along with the command. At 11 a.m. I received orders to have the Third Division prepared to move at once. I immediately gave orders to the effect, and sent Chapman word to withdraw his command at once, leaving one regiment on the skirmish line, which should be withdrawn at 3 o'clock on the morning of the 26th instant. The division commenced moving about 12 midnight, taking the advance and passing by a flank march close under the enemy's guns in a redoubt on the north side of the Roanoke River, thence bearing east reached Williesburg about 4 a.m. on the 26th of June. Here the command halted about two hours, when we resumed the march, the Third Division in the advance, and reached Christiansville about 3 p.m. of the same day. The command continued its march that afternoon and bivouacked that night on Buckhorn Creek. In obedience to orders I sent the First Connecticut Cavalry to the Meherrin River to hold and occupy Saffold's Brigade during the night.

At 5 a.m. of the 27th of June the Third Division moved out, Chapman's brigade in advance, crossing Crooked Creek and traveling due east; bivouacked that night on the Boydton plank road about north of Lawrenceville. At 3.30 a.m. of the 28th of June I moved with my command, the First Brigade in advance; passed through Smoky Ordinary, and crossed the Nottoway River at Double Bridges, and moved toward Stony Creek. At the junction of the roads near Stony Creek the Third Indiana Cavalry, which I had sent ahead, struck the enemy's pickets and drove them in rapidly, but the enemy being

re-enforced, in turn drove back the Third Indiana. I then immediately brought up the First Brigade, drove the enemy back, and as soon as we reached the open field deployed a strong line, supporting it with the First Vermont Cavalry, of the Second Brigade. I immediately ordered an advance and

