
drove the enemy back into a wood upon their main supports. Here they constructed breast-works, and under cover of the wood made a determined stand. In order to get at them it became necessary for me to advance over an open field and although I had advanced half way across the field I soon became convinced that it would be impossible for me to carry their position, which I at once reported to Brigadier-General Wilson. In the mean time my artillery was most efficiently served by Lieutenant Fitzhugh. One light 12-pounder was brought up under cover of some houses and the darkness and opened upon the enemy's position at a distance of about 350 yards. This gun was most efficiently served by Lieutenant Fuger, and must have done immense execution, as the enemy's fire at that point was almost silenced. The fight continued to rage until about 10 p.m. when it subsided into petty skirmishing. At 12 o'clock at night the enemy made a determined assault upon my lines, but was handsomely repulsed. The attack was very severe. After it was over I withdrew my line about 200 yards and made breast-works behind a fence, and distant about 400 yards from their position. This position I held until I received orders to withdraw, about 2.30 o'clock on morning of the 29th of June. Chapman's brigade was formed behind

breast-works made of rails, about 600 yards in rear of the First Brigade, and the First Brigade was then retired behind Chapman's. As soon as the enemy discovered our retiring the followed up sharply,making a severe attack. The First Brigade was then mounted and retired down the road to the left, making for Reams' Station. I ordered Chapman as soon as the First Brigade was retired his line to the edge of the woods, and hold that position until I sent him word to retire. As soon as I found the road was clear for Chapman to retire upon I sent Captain Mitchell to communicate with him and order him to retire his line. Captain Mitchell soon came back and reported that he was unable to communicate with Colonel Chapman on account of the enemy having gotten between the First and Second Brigades. I immediately sent him back to communicate with Colonel Chapman and see him, if it was a possible thing. Captain Mitchell having met Major Wells, of the First Vermont Cavalry, who had succeeded in getting through with a part of his command, informed his that it was impossible for him to get through, and although he made every exertion possible, he was unable to communicate with Colonel Chapman. Chapman, finding that the enemy had turned his left flank and was on the road in his rear, pushed to the right with that part of his brigade which he could collect together and by a circuitous route rejoined the command with a large part of his brigade near Reams' Station. In order to get through it was necessary for Chapman to pass through dense woods. Fortunately, his artillery had all been retired in advance of the First Brigade. When we arrived in front of Reams' Station we found ourselves confronted by a heavy infantry force, which turned out to be Mahone's division, with artillery in position; the force at Stony Creek hill being on our right and rear; a portion of the enemy's cavalry was also in our front. I was ordered to take the First Brigade and force the enemy's lines, but, after surveying them, came to the conclusion that it could not be done with the least safety to the command, and so reported it. That plan was then abandoned, and the only resource which was left open to us was to retire upon the road we had advanced upon and recross the Nottoway at the Two Bridges and go around by Jarratt's Station, which was finally done, after destroying

