
our train and parking the ambulances near a stream, where they were left under charge of surgeons to fall into the hands of the enemy. In the mean time I heard the enemy were moving around upon my left, and I deployed two regiments (the First Connecticut and Second New York Cavalry) to protect that flank. The Fifth New York and Second Ohio Cavalry were deployed in front, with Fitzhugh's battery on a knoll covering their position. The enemy succeeded in passing their infantry through a wood around the left of the Second Ohio Cavalry and attacked them in their rear, causing them to face about and retire by the right. At the same time they pushed forward their lines and drove back the Fifth New York Cavalry. Fitzhugh then placed his battery in echelon and opened a destructive fire with canister upon the enemy, who were temporarily forced back. It then became necessary for him to retire his battery by the right and rear, which he did, falling back on General Kautz's division. I immediately sent Lieutenant-Colonel Brinton, of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to communicate with Lieutenant Fitzhugh and bring his battery on the road in advance of the First Connecticut and Second New York Cavalry. As soon as the battery was withdrawn the enemy pressed in upon my rear. A detachment of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, which had been separated from General Kautz's division, was then in the rear of my two regiments. At the first onset of the enemy that portion of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry broke and ran in wild disorder upon the First Connecticut and Second New York Cavalry, throwing them into confusion. The enemy pressing very closely, I was unable to form my line in time to let the battery get ahead of me. Lieutenant Fitzhugh, seeing that his battery must be lost, spiked his guns and came off with fifty or sixty of his cannoneers and drivers; some twenty-five of them joined my command. After great exertion I managed to get a line formed and came off in good order, the enemy pressing my rear continually and opening upon me with artillery. The march was continued all that night until were crossed the Two Bridges over the Nottoway, and pushing past Jarratt's Station at daylight on the 30th of June, crossed the Nottoway River again at Peters' Bridge by fording the stream. The command was then rested for two hours, and pushed on toward Waverly, and crossed the Blackwater at Blunt's Bridge on the morning of the 1st of July. The command pushed on to a stream a mile beyond Cabin Point, and halted till 3 a.m. of the 2nd instant, and so came to our present encampment. My list of casualties will be rendered hereafter.

I cannot close this report without bearing witness to the noble heroism of both men and officers of my command. They marched by day and night with but little rest and little to eat, worked under a broiling hot sun in destroying railroads, and yet not murmuring were heard. They certainly deserve the thanks of their country, and it is any pleasing duty to bear witness to the devotion manifested for their country's cause. In their noble bearing Hammond, Purington, Harhaus, and Marcy, with all their officers, did nobly. The Second New York lost the services of their two majors, McIrvin and Grinton, wounded at Stony Creek. It is useless, however, for me to mention names where every officers and man did their so nobly. I must tender my warmest thanks to my staff officers, who were at all times ready for any duty, and who so signally assisted me in my labors.

Lieutenant-Colonel Brinton, of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, whose regiment was left behind, volunteered and desired to come with

