
me on the expedition. He was most invaluable to me, and I desire here to acknowledge my thanks to him for his readiness to do any and every duty, and for the great assistance he rendered me.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. B. McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

Captain L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 232. Report of Major George O. Marcy, First Connecticut Cavalry, of operations June 13 - July 24.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CONNECTICUT CAVALRY, July 24, 1864.

SIR: *

The next day [June 13] we marched to and crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge, and that night marched to Charles City Court-House, arriving there on the morning of the 14th of June. On the afternoon of the 14th the regiment marched with the brigade to Saint Mary's Church, back over the road to Long Bridge, and near While Oak Swamp. Arriving here at about 10 p.m. we went into camp. Two squadrons from my regiment were here detailed for picket duty and posted on the road leading to Harrison's Landing connecting with the picket-line of Second Brigade, Third Division. Captains Morehouse and Rogers had command of these squadrons.

In the morning of the 15th, Captain Rogers with his squadron being withdrawn and having joined the regiment, we proceeded with the brigade toward White Oak Swamp, where the enemy were met and an engagement ensued. At about 12 o'clock we were ordered in upon the left of the Fifth New York, and held the skirmish line at that point until ordered to retire. I retired to Saint Mary's Church, and establishing a reserve post at the church picketed the roads to the left and front of the church during that night. Our loss in the engagement was 5 or 6 killed and wounded. Everything was quiet on the line during the night.

The next morning (the 16th) my reserve at the church was ordered forward in a line of skirmishers (dismounted) about half a mile, and to throw up breast-works, connecting with Fifth New York on right and a detachment under Captain Crowninshield upon the left. The breast-works were thrown up on rising ground, and Captain Thompson, with one company, posted in the woods a quarter of a mile in front of them and the rest of the regiment behind them; Captain Morehouse and Captain Rogers, with their picket forces, having been withdrawn and joined us. The regiment was posted in this manner during the day (the 16th of June). At night it was withdrawn with the rest of the brigade, and marched through Charles City Court-House to Wilson's Landing, on James River, arriving there at 3 o'clock in the morning of the 17th of June. At about 8 a.m. crossed James River. On afternoon of same day marched toward Petersburg, passed through Prince George Court-House about sundown, and went into camp within five miles of the city.

On the morning of the 18th marched to the east of Prince George Court-House and went into camp. We lay in camp until the morning

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from June 1 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I,p.890.

---------------

