
of the 22nd of June, when we started with the expedition of General Wilson against the Danville railroad. On the night of the 22d, while the rest of the brigade lay in camp, my regiment was detailed to destroy the railroad in the vicinity of Ford's Station, on South Side Railroad, leading from Petersburg to Burkeville. The regiment worked upon the road until 3 o'clock the morning of 23d. Taking a very little rest the regiment marched with the brigade along the line of the railroad, acting as rear guard from Blacks and Whites Station to the Hardaway estate, near Nottoway Court-House. Here an engagement with the enemy's cavalry taking place the regiment was ordered to picket the rear of the division and defend the crossing of the stream to the south and east of the battle-ground. We remained upon this post all the night of the 23d, extending our line so as to connect with the Second Ohio Cavalry on the left.

On the morning of the 24th we marched toward Meherrin Station, on the Danville railroad, crossing the road at that point about 12 m. on the 24th. The regiment was employed during the day destroying the track and telegraph line on the Danville railroad. The brigade went into camp about 12 o'clock that night, and my regiment was ordered out on foot to destroy about 200 yards of track, which being effectually accomplished the regiment took a rest of two hours. We marched from Keysville to Roanoke Station a distance of----, the 25 of June. The regiment was employed all the morning of that day destroying track. At Roanoke Station seventy-five men, under command of Captain Morehouse, were detailed to destroy the bridge across the Staunton River. Captain Morehouse was recalled before attempting its destruction. The regiment marched all that night in and easterly direction, stopping two hours for rest on the morning of the 26th. We marched that day to Meherrin Rive and we were assigned to the duty of holding the bridge across that stream in advance of the main column during the night of the 26th of June. The regiment held this position until the morning of the 27th, when we joined the column and marched that day to a place near Nottoway River, where we rested three hours.

On the 28th we marched to the vicinity of Stony Creek, on Petersburg and Weldon Railroad and took part in the engagement there, holding the night the center of our line, with the First Vermont on our and the Fifth New York on our left. We lost at this place some 5 or 6 killed our wounded. We were retired from our position here about 1.30 a.m. the 29th and took up our line of march toward Reams' Station, on the same railroad. We participated in the engagement at that place, and the regiment was assigned the duty of rear guard on the retreat of the division from that point. We kept this position until the morning of the 30th of June. We came into came at Light-House Landing on the morning of the 2nd day of July.

The number of casualties during the expedition is as follows: Killed, wounded, and missing, 61 enlisted men and 2 commissioned officers (First Lieutenant James H. Kane, Company I, and Second Lieutenant E. B. Dyer, Company E).

From that time until now the regiment has been lying quietly in camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. O. MARCY,

Major, Commanding First Connecticut Cavalry.

Captain CHARLES H. MILLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Cavalry Corps.

