
No. 233. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles C. Suydam, Third New Jersey Cavalry, of operations June 14 - July 25.

CAMP THIS NEW JERSEY CAVALRY, Near Light-House Point, Va., July 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

June 14, moved to Charles City Court-House, and in the same afternoon to Saint Mary's Church, where we encamped.

June 15 moved out with the brigade to between White Oak Swamp and Malvern Hill, and supported a battery during the early part of the day. In the afternoon formed for a charge as the brigade was retiring, but retired, by orders from brigade commander, to Saint Mary's Church, and subsequently encamped between that point and Charles City Court-House.

June 16, picketed toward Long Bridge, and retired with the brigade to Charles City Court-House, covering the rear of the division.

June 17, crossed the James River on the pontoon bridge near Fort Powhatan, and moved to within two miles of Brentford and encamped.

June 18, moved back through Prince George Court-House, passed Zion Church, and encamped near the Blackwater Swamp.

On the night of the 21st left the division and moved with Colonel Bryan's provisional brigade to the rear of the Fifth Corps.

On the 22nd moved to the extreme left of the army, and went on picket, covering the left of the infantry lines, the Jerusalem plank road and the Lee's Mill road. Remained in the same position until July 16, performing arduous picket duty, and being engaged in several skirmishes with the enemy, in which 1 officer was killed, 1 wounded, 1 taken prisoner, and several enlisted men killed, wounded, or missing.

On the evening of July 16 Colonel Bryan's brigade was relieved by the First Brigade of the First Division, and the regiment reported to the First Brigade, Third Division, Cavalry Corps, and went into camp near Light-House Point, where it has since remained.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. C. SUYDAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES H. MILLER,

Asst. Ajdt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Cavalry Corps.

No. 234. Report of Colonel Otto Harhaus, Second New York Cavalry, of operations July 27.

PICKET RESERVE, Near Temple's House, July 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that a patrol consisting of one officer and twenty-four men were sent out at 7 a.m. to Lee's Mill. When the advanced guard (one sergeant and six men) had passed the forks of the Lee's Mill and old Norfolk roads they were surprised by a party of rebel cavalry. The advanced guard were all taken with the

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 13, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.890

---------------

