
exception of two men, who made their escape. The loss consists of 1 man killed, 2 wounded, and 2 captured; also 2 horses killed, 1 captured and 2 wounded horses brought in. The rebel party has been variously estimated at from forty to sixty men by the two wounded men who were saved from the enemy. The party who went out under command of Major Grinton, of the Second New York, immediately afterward, brought off the body of the killed man, and received information that the enemy had been lying in wait for our patrol since before daylight.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.

OTTO HARHAUS,

Colonel Second New York Cavalry, Commanding Picket-Post.

Captain C. H. MILLER,

Asst. Ajdt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Cavalry Corps.

No. 235. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George A. Purington, Second Ohio Cavalry, of operations June 13 - July 24.

HDQRS. SECOND OHIO VETERAN VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Light-House Point, Va., July 24, 1864.

SIR: *

June 13, while halting near Cold Harbor, we captured a few prisoners who had advanced to ascertain our position. Crossed the Chickahominy at Long Bridge June 14, and marched to Charles City Court-House; countermarched in eve to Saint Mary's Church.

June 15, marched at daybreak and met the enemy at Nancy's Mill, drove them some distance to the forks of the road near [Smith's] Store, where we formed line on the left-hand road with a chain of vedettes extending to the Fifth New York Cavalry on our right. About 1 a.m. heavy firing commenced on our right, and I was ordered up to support the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who were hotly engaged. Arrived there just in time, as they were already being driven back. Dismounted two battalions and took position on right of road, with two companies to left of same. This position we maintained for some time, when I received orders to fall back. Major Nettleton's battalion (mounted) held them in check till we got to our horses. Fell back about two miles, leaving Squadron M, under command of Captain Ulrey, at the cross-roads as picket. He had hardly established himself before he was attacked by an overwhelming force in front and rear. He fell back through the woods on left of road, and pursuing a circuitous route rejoined the command at Saint Mary's Church about dark, after having been given up as lost. Our loss, 2 killed and 27 wounded. The brigade took position at Saint Mary's Church and commenced throwing up

breast-works of rails, which we held during the night. Here we remained June 16 until dark, the enemy's pickets in sight, when we withdrew, and after marching all night arrived at pontoon bridge on James River at 3 a.m. June 17. At 8 a.m. crossed to south side of James River and marched to Prince George Court-House, where we arrived June 18 and camped till June 22, when we left camp and marched to Reams' Station, on Petersburg and Weldon Railroad. At 2.30 p.m. passed Dinwiddie Court-House, and camped two miles and a half beyond there between Sutherland's and Ford's, on the South Side Railroad.

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.892.

---------------

41 R R-VOL XL, PT I

