
June 23, resumed march along South Side Railroad in westerly direction, destroying the track as we went. About 3 p.m. the Second Brigade, Third Division,under Colonel Chapman, met the enemy in force near Nottoway Court-House. We were held in reserve, supporting the artillery of the First Brigade all that night, and next morning, June 24, at 8 a.m.,marched as rear guard for Meherrin Station, on the Richmond and Danville Railroad. Proceeded down the railroad, assisting in tearing up the track and destroying the road generally to Roanoke bridge, on Staunton River, arriving there June 25. The work of these two last days, performed under a burning sun and over hot fire, was extremely exhausting and many of the men have not and never will recover from its effects. Not succeeding in burning the bridge the command commenced its return about 11 p.m. Sunday, June 26, striking to the eastward in the direction of Christianville, camping between Christiansville and Lewisburg. This was the hottest day of the raid, the thermometer standing at 105 Fahrenheit in the shade at 2.30 p.m.

June 27, marched about twenty miles in an easterly direction and camped.

June 28, left camp about 5 a.m., having advance of brigade and division. Met the enemy's pickets at cross-roads, six miles from Stony Creek; skirmished with them to the Double Bridges, across the Nottoway River. Here we charged and drove them across the bridges giving them no time to destroy them. At this point the Third Indiana took the advance, drove them across Stony Creek upon the main body, who in turn advanced upon the Third Indiana Cavalry and drove them back. Applying for assistance the Third Battalion of my regiment, under command of Captain Easton, was ordered up at a gallop to their aid, dismounted and held the enemy in check until Major Seward with the First Battalion could dismount and form a line in the timber. This they held until the rest of the brigade arrived, when a line was formed and the enemy were driven back into their breast-works. Our lines were advanced to within fifty yards of their position and we succeeded in throwing up temporary

breast-works, which we held against repeated assaults till we were relieved by the Second Brigade at about 2 a.m. June 29. Lost this day 31 killed or wounded. When we were relieved we marched to a point near Reams' Station. Here the enemy were met in strong force behind earth-works, and all attempts to dislodge him proved useless. I was then ordered on the left of the road in front of the station to support the Fifth New York Cavalry, deployed as skirmishers. This position I held until 2 p.m., when the enemy, having advanced on our left and rear to within fifty yards of my command, opened a most tremendous fire on our backs and, with a yell, charged us. They also had got in between us and the main body, leaving my right in front open only. We turned upon them, however, and not heeding their cries to surrender gave them a few well-directed volleys, and assisted by a few rounds of grape and canister from Fitzhugh's battery (C, Fourth U. S. Artillery), at very short range, succeeded in temporarily stopping their advance. But finding all retreat cut off and no way of rejoining the main body left open, we moved forward and with a part of the Fifth New York Cavalry, under Captain Cary, reported to General Kautz, finding him and him and his command under a terrible fire of shot and shell and falling back in disorder. He advised me to reply upon my own judgment and get out the best was I could. Collecting what men I could of my own command, the Fifth New York Cavalry, and in fact of all regiments engaged, amounting in all to about 400 men, I struck out in a southerly direction, passing within a few

