
hundred yards of the enemy's line and receiving their fire. After marching about a mile we turned about southeast, and passing round another body of rebel infantry continued the direction till I crossed the Weldon railroad, three miles north from Stony Creek Station. Soon after crossing the railroad the enemy attacked my rear and followed me until I joined General Kautz and his command at our Petersburg picket-lines. It is my opinion that had we remained fifteen minutes longer in line the enemy would so far have carried out their plans for our capture that few, if any, of us would have succeeded in escaping. Our loss in this engagement was 73 killed, wounded, and missing.

June 30, we arrived within our lines and reported to Colonel Bryan.

July 2, marched to City Point and received orders to report to General Wilson near Light-House Point, since which date we have remained in this camp recruiting men and horses, with the exception of July 18, 19, and 20, when we stood picket at Cocke's Mill.

Before closing this report I desire to call your attention to the conduct of the officers and men of my command and by this means to acknowledge my high appreciation of their undaunted courage, uncomplaining endurance of fatigue, and cheerful alacrity with which they obeyed every order during a campaign unparalleled in the annals of warfare for its length and severity of its battles. Especial praise is due Major Nettleton, commanding Second Battalion, and Lieutenants Buell, Houghton, Eggleston, and Drake for the manner in which they led their men during the engagement at Hanover Court-House, actually stoning and clubbing the enemy from their breast-works. It was here that Lieutenants Buell, Drake, and Eggleston were wounded, and I regret to say that of Lieutenant Buell has since proved fatal. And particular credit is due during the last raid to Major Seward, Captains Ulrey, Easton, Case, and Watrous, and Lieutenants Newton, Mason, and Tenney for the gallant manner in which they handled their men and maintained their position when death or capture seemed certain. The loss of Captain Ulrey, who was mortally wounded by the premature explosion of a shell, is deeply to be regretted. The country can ill afford the loss of one whose consummate skill and gallantry has been conspicuous upon sixty battle-fields. I also regret that Captain Case, while obeying an order of his brigade commander, should have been captured. Surg. J. T. Smith was also unremitting in his care for the wounded and remained with them until the enemy had advanced to within a few feet of the ambulances. Our aggregate loss in two months less five days has been 190 killed, wounded, or captured.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

GEO. A. PURINGTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Ohio Vet. Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Regiment

Captain CHARLES H. MILLER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 236. Report of Colonel George H. Chapman, Third Indiana Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 13 - July 12.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, July 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

Holding this position on White Oak Swamp until the arrival of a part of General Crawford's division, of the Fifth Corps, by which I was

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p.896.

---------------

