
the enemy near that position in very considerable force. In the vicinity of Phillip's there was no manifestation of the presence of the enemy during the day.

At dark on the 16th, in compliance with instructions, moved my command, via Charles City Court-House, to James River, near pontoon bridge, and encamped until the morning of the following day, when we crossed over the James River on the pontoon bridge, and proceeding to a mile beyond Prince George Court-House on the road to Petersburg encamped for the night.

On the 18th moved to near Mount Zion Church, on the Blackwater, where the brigade remained in camp until the morning of the 22nd without incident of importance.

On the morning of the 22nd of June, at early dawn, the brigade left camp upon the Blackwater, bringing up the rear of the column, and marching across the Suffolk railroad and Jerusalem plank road reached the Weldon railroad at Ream's Station. At this point I detached a squadron of the Eighth New York Cavalry to effect such damage to the road as would be possible during the passage of my brigade, and about the same time the enemy to manifest his presence upon my right flank, and opened with artillery upon the column, but without effect. From this point the enemy (W. H. F. Lee's division of cavalry) followed the rear of the column closely, keeping up a continual skirmish until a couple of hours after night-fall. Until near sundown the rear of my column was covered by the First Vermont Cavalry, Major Wells commanding, when, being exhausted with the work, I relieved them with the Twenty-second New York Cavalry. About 11 a.m. I bivouacked my command near Ford's Station, on the South Side Railroad.

On the morning of the 23rd I moved my command from bivouac about an hour before daylight, and proceeding by the Cox road, moved along the railroad, detaching regiments at different points to destroy the track until we reached Blacks and Whites, where we made an hours' halt. At this point a considerable quantity of cotton was destroyed. Again resuming the march, proceeded toward Nottoway Court-House. By following the road taken by General Kautz's division we were carried several miles out of the more direct route, and upon reaching a point near Nottoway Court-House where the road crosses the railroad the head of column came upon the enemy. Soon ascertaining that it was the same that had followed the rear the day previous I made dispositions to meet the enemy, who advanced to the attack, checked his advance, and subsequently drove him back a considerable distance. The enemy bringing up strong

re-enforcements my line again retired to its original position along the railroad, from which repeated attempts of the enemy failed to dislodge them. In answer to my request for re-enforcements the Fifth New York Cavalry was sent sot me at a late hour in the afternoon but another advance of the line not being determined upon only a small fraction of that command became engaged, and toward morning I relieved them from the line. This engagements lasted from 1 p.m. until dark and at time was quite severe. My loss in killed, wounded, and missing was ---, white that of the enemy was fully equal, and I am inclined to think exceeded my own. Here fell Captain McNair, of the Eighth New York Cavalry, a noble officer, whose cool intrepidity and noble daring had endeared him to all who knew him. Among the missing is Captain Sayles, of the same regiment, distinguished alike for his gallantry and dash. My command remained in line of battle until near daylight, when, in accordance with

