
Jarratt's without any opposition of consequence. Proceeded by plantation roads to Peters' Bridge, on the Nottoway, and fording the river (the bridge being destroyed) about noon halted the command until 6 p.m. Again resuming the march at the hour last named, my brigade in advance, proceeded through Waverly to Blunt's Bridge, on the Blackwater, arriving there about midnight. Found the bridge destroyed and the stream not fordable; constructed a bridge and commenced crossing my command, but before quite a squadron had passed over the bridge gave way precipitating several horse and men into the commenced crossing the command. At daylight my brigade was all over. Moved to near Cabin Point and encamped for the night. On the 2nd instant moved to present camp on James River, near Light-House Point.

During the campaign the entire loss in commissioned officers has been 6 killed, 13 wounded, and 17 missing, and in enlisted men 24 killed, 217 wounded, and 428 missing.

I have constantly received from the officers and men of the command most cordial co-operation, and at all times they have discharged the arduous duties required of them cheerfully and with vigor. When all have done so well it may not be exactly just to discriminate, but I cannot close my report without making mention of Lieutenant-Colonel Benjamin, Major Pope and Major Moore, of the Eighth New York; Major Wells and Major Bennett, of the First Vermont, and Major Patton, of the Third Indiana, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hutchins, of the First New Hampshire, who have at all times been active and efficient in the discharge of their duties.

The members of my staff - Captain J. J. McVean, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant G. S. Taylor, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant G. M. Gilchrist, acting aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant T. S. Farr, provost-marshal - have performed constant and active duties night and day, rendering me most efficient service, and are entitled to special mention.

Officers and men have borne the hardships and fatigues of the march with patience and willingness. In battle they have been brave and gallant, never faltering or giving way, except before greatly superior numbers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. CHAPMAN,

Colonel Third Indiana Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain LOUIS SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Cavalry Division.

No. 237. Report of Captain Thomas W. Moffitt, Third Indiana Cavalry, of operations June 22 - July 2.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD INDIANA CAVALRY, July 3, 1864.

ADJUTANT: I have the honor to report the action of the command on the late raid, as follows:

I started out on the 22nd ultimo near the rear of the command. Nothing occurred to attract my attention until the evening of the 23d, when

