
my regiment was in advance, when we came on the enemy in force stationed on the railroad near Dinwiddie Court-House. Fought them until dark, when we withdrew and marched to Meherrin Station, on the Danville railroad. From here we marched down the railroad, destroying it as we went, until the night of the 26th, when we were in the rear. The enemy coming on us, we made a stand, supported by the Eighth New York, held them until daylight, when we withdrew and brought up the rear to Roanoke Station. From here we marched unmolested to Flat Rock, when we took the advance and came in contact with the enemy at Stony Creek. Fought them all night, and in the morning withdrew from their front and marched to or near Reams' Station, the regiment being somewhat scattered, as the brigade was cut off. Nothing more of importance occurred on our part during the raid, which ended on the 2nd of July.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

T. W. MOFFITT,

Captain, Commanding Third Indiana Cavalry.

Lieutenant G. S. TAYLOR,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Third Cavalry Division.

No. 238. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin T. Hutchins, First New Hampshire Cavalry, of operations June 22 - July 2.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW HAMPSHIRE CAVALRY, Near Jordan's Point, Va., July 3, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from brigade headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the First New Hampshire Cavalry since June 22, 1864:

On the morning of June 22 my regiment commenced the line of march, following Lieutenant Maynadier's battery. About 9 a.m. we crossed the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad. We continued the march until about 10 p.m., when the column halted near Ford's Station. One battalion of the regiment was detailed on picket duty in the rear.

June 23, this morning at 2 o'clock the regiment again moved, following the Third Indiana Cavalry. Passed Ford's Station, which was then burning. During the forenoon my regiment was actively engaged in destroying the track of the Petersburg and Lynchburg railroad. About noon we halted at Blacks and Whites for about two hours and then moved on in the same order of march. About 3 o'clock we met the enemy on the railroad. They attacked us on our right flank. Together with the Third Indiana, we dismounted, horses led to the rear, and took our position on the skirmish line, the whole line upon the track. In this position we remained until 3 o'clock on the morning of the 24th when we were relieved by the Fifth New York Cavalry. During this engagement I had 1 commissioned officer and 7 enlisted men wounded and 2 missing.

June 24, at 6 a.m. my regiment relieved the Fifth New York Cavalry on the same line as we held yesterday. We did not remain here but about half an hour, when we carefully withdrew and joined the command. The regiment occupied the position of rear guard to the brigade during the day. About 3 p.m. we struck the Danville railroad

