
No. 239. Report of Major Edmund M. Pope, Eighth New York Cavalry, of operations June 22 - July 2.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH NEW YORK CAVALRY, July 2, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the regiment I had the honor of commanding during the recent cavalry raid:

On morning of 22nd ultimo we marched at 2 a.m. with brigade. In p.m. of same day were engaged in destroying railroad at and near Reams' Station and Ford's, on South Side Railroad.

On 23rd was engaged with the enemy on the railroad near Blacks and Whites; suffered a loss of 30 killed and wounded, among whom was Captain James Mcnair killed and Captain James A. Sayles missing, supposed killed. We were engaged in the charge which drove a largely superior force across the railroad, and it is believed that the enemy suffered severely in the fight. We held the ground until morning and withdrew without molestation. A series of marched by day and night, with little or no rest, followed until the morning of 27th, when we took the advance to Columbia Grove, where the enemy were discovered. We dismounted and took a position to protect the column and trains; were not pressed, and withdrew as the rear of the column passed, and by a forced succeeded in regaining our place in brigade at 12 m., and camped until 4 a.m.

In p.m. of 28th the regiment was dismounted and advanced upon the lines near Stony Creek Station, but were not engaged; lay upon our arms during the with the brigade.

At daylight on 29th were attacked by a largely superior force of the enemy, and after a brief engagement were flanked and attacked by a line directly in our rear. With great difficulty a large portion of the command regained their horses; many were cut off from horses, and a number (about 70) are still unheard from, supposed captured. Large numbers of the men were obliged to throw away carbines to enable them to effect escape to their horses. The whole command was badly broken up, owing principally to their knowledge of the fact that the force of the enemy was overwhelming, and to the complete success of the flank movement attempted by the enemy.

On the 2nd instant the regiment reached camp.

E. M. POPE,Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant G. S. TAYLOR,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Third Cavalry Division.

No. 240. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Johnson B. Brown, Twenty-second New York Cavalry, of operations June 22 - July 2.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SECOND NEW YORK CAVALRY, In Field, July 3, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the doings of the Twenty-second Regiment New York Cavalry while on the late raid.

Our place being fifth in the line of march nothing occurred to call my attention until 3 p.m. June 22, 1864, when I received an order to form line of battle on the right of the road to support the First Vermont Cavalry, who were attacked in the rear by the enemy's cavalry. I had

