
by cavalry and artillery force of the enemy; held him in check from 11 a.m. until dark, with but slight loss. Bivouacked at 11.30 near Dinwiddie Court-House. 23d, marched at 3 a.m.; reached Wilson's Station at 7 a.m. Were engaged in destroying railroad track between Wilson's and Blacks and Whites up to 12 m. Dismounted and went on skirmish line near Nottoway Court House at 2 p.m. Held our position until ordered back at 3 a.m. on the 24th. Our loss was considerable. Marched about 5 a.m. Reached Hungarytown at 9 a.m., Meherrin Station at 2 p.m., Keysville at 7.30 p.m., where we bivouacked. We were engaged destroying track all of the 24th. 25th, marched at 5 a.m. In the afternoon were ordered in advance of brigade to destroy railroad track on Richmond and Danville road. Were some employed until dark, when rejoined brigade about 8 p.m. 26th, moved about; 2 a.m.; arrived at Little Roanoke River about 4 a.m.; reached Christianville about 12 m. Bivouacked near Meherrin River at 8 p.m. 27th, marched at sunrise and moved all day, bivouacking near Lawrenceville 9 p.m. 28th, moved at 3 a.m., crossing the Nottoway River 12 m. Were ordered in front of brigade, dismounted and went on skirmish line near Stoney Creek Station about dark. Held the position we took under very heavy fire of the enemy until about 2 a.m. 29th, when we took up a new position, throwing up breast-works and sustaining our line under heavy fire for some time, but were finally forced back by superior numbers of the enemy. The regiment suffered great loss during this night's and morning's engagements. After falling back moved to Reams' Station. Left there about 1 p.m., moving south and crossing the Nottoway about the middle of the night. 30th, crossed Petersburg and Gaston railroad about sunrise, moved to Nottoway River, and crossed Peters' Bridge about 3 p.m. Passed through Littleton about dark, reached Waverly Station 2 a.m. 1st of July, Blackwater 3 a.m., and reached Cabin Point about 1 p.m., where remained on picket until 3 a.m. July 2, when I moved to this camp, arriving here about 4 p.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM WELLS,

Colonel, Commanding First Vermont Cavalry.

Lieutenant TAYLOR,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Third Div., Cav. Corps.

Numbers 242. Report of Lieutenant William N. Dennison, Battery A, Second U. S. Artillery, of operations July 28.

NEAR LIGHT-HOUSE POINT, VA., July 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on July 28, 1864, my battery was engaged with the enemy near Malvern Hill, Va. It was attached to General Davies' brigade, of General Gregg's division of cavalry. The action commenced about 1 p.m., and after fighting one hour and a half our line was obliged to retire. I retired all of my battery, with the exception of one 3-inch gun, which I kept in position in order to check the enemy until General Davies' brigade could leave the field. I succeeded in doing this, when the enemy, with two divisions of infantry, charged my gun. When he (enemy) was within fifty yards of my gun I limbered it up and sent my cannoneers to the rear, in order to

