
get them out of the galling fire which was at that time concentrated upon my piece. Before I could get it off the wheel and swing horses were killed. The enemy by this time were around the gun, and hence I was obliged to abandon it. I neglected to mention that I rallied a few cavalrymen, and attempted to unlimber the gun and drag it off by hand, but they were all either killed or wounded. My battery during the entire action had no support whatever. The enemy took the gun from the field by the prolonge, leaving the limber the limber, which I succeeded in retaking. I lost as follows: Lieutenant Littlefield, wounded in two places, slightly; Private Bell, wounded; 8 horses killed and 6 horses wounded. Most all of the horses wounded have since died.

Too much credit cannot be given to my officers, Lieutenants Cameron and Littlefield, and to my men, for their conduct. All obeyed orders promptly and did everything that man could do in working the gun.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. NEIL DENNISON,

First Lieutenant, Second Artillery, Commanding Horse Battery A.

Lieutenant JAMES CHESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 243. Report of Lieutenant Charles L. Fitzhugh, Battery E, Fourt U. S. Artillery, of operations June 22-29.

CAMP HORSE BATTERIES C AND E, FOURTH U. S. ARTY.,

July 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the battery under my command during the recent cavalry expedition under Brigadier-General Wilson:

The battery started from Bryant's house, near Mount Zion Church, with the First Brigade, Third Division, on the 22nd of June, 1864, at 3 a.m., crossed the Weldon railroad at Reams' Station, and proceeded toward Burkeville. The battery was engaged near Nottoway Court-House on the 24th, and the enemy defeated. Marched on the 25th along the Richmond and Danville Railroad, the cavalry destroying the road effectually, and came into position at Roanoke Station on the 26th of June, engaging a rebel battery of six guns across the river, and silencing three of the guns in less than half an hour. The destruction of the road as far as the Roanoke River having been completed the expedition started on the return trip, the battery accompanying it through Christianville, Oak Grove, and Smoky Ordinary, and reached Stony Creek on the evening of the 28th, where the battery became engaged and remained in position all night, aiding in the repulse of three severe attacks of the enemy. We left this position on the morning of the 29th, and advanced toward Reams' Station, on Weldon road, where the enemy was found in heavy force. The battery was placed in position, by order of General Wilson, on the hill on the right of the road between General Kautz' command and the First [Third] Division, commanding our front and left for some 700 yards. At this time I was ordered by the general commanding to destroy most of my caissons, to put fresh horses at the guns, and to be prepared for a rapid movement. I obedience to this command I destroyed three caissons and put eight horses to each of the remaining carriages, which was hardly accomplished when

