
papers, which, with the constant transfer of ordnance from one battery to another, would have entailed great labor upon company commanders, had the usual system been adopted. Knowing that the rations likely to be drawn from the neighboring commissaries of subsistence would be inferior to those which would be supplied by an independent organization, I appointed my regimental quartermaster, Lieutenant G. P. Mason, First Connecticut Artillery, acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence, and directed him to supply the command. This he has done to perfection with a train of only seventeen wagons, although the line has often exceeded fifteen miles in length. The water transportation has enabled him to get his supplies and forage to the depot without hauling, and his own good judgment and energy have done the rest. I have taken advantage of the comparative stability of the command to have all the regimental sick properly cared for by Surg. S. W. Skinner, First Connecticut Artillery, who has organized one of the best field hospitals I have ever seen. The patients have averaged from forty to seventy in number. By avoiding the sending of those lightly attacked to general hospital much has unquestionably been done to keep up the numbers of the command. The comforts of the patients have been quite unusual for the field, owing to the attention of the surgeon in charge and to the efforts of the chaplain, S. F. Jarvis, First Connecticut Artillery, who has actively exerted himself in their behalf. Asst. Surg. J. S. Delavan has devoted himself to the sick of the regiment in the batteries in front of Petersburg, and Asst. Surg. N. Matson, until broken down by his exertions,, to those in the command on the lines of Bermuda Hundred. Although so much scattered I believe few troops have enjoyed as good medical care during this campaign as mine. For the prompt and accurate transaction of the various office work of the command, I am indebted to First Lieutenant B. P. Learned, First Connecticut Artillery, regimental adjutant and acting assistant adjutant-general.

The following changes have been made in my organization during the campaign: On June 28 Companies A and H, Thirteenth New York Artillery, under command of Captain William Pendrell, were assigned to my command by Major-General Butler. They were placed in the lines of Bermuda Hundred. Ten companies of the Fourth New York Artillery, Lieutenant-Colonel Allcock commanding, aggregate 1,072 men, were added to my command by General Hunt on July 14. On the 15th I placed Company A, Captain McKeel, on duty at the siege train depot, and on the 29th Company M, Captain Morrison, on the same duty. Three companies, as shown in the table below, served batteries; the rest of the regiment did excellent service in making gabions, fascines, magazines, and in constructing some of the siege batteries. They were detached on August 4.

On October 16 I was ordered to report for my command of the siege artillery, Army of the James of the James, to Brigadier General Charles K. Graham, commanding Provisional Division, instead of direct to General Buttler, as heretofore. The organization just described was made under a pressure which, owing to the constant demands for siege artillery in front of Petersburg, enhanced its difficulties. The batteries and the ammunition were hauled an average distance of nearly eight miles, over roads extremely dusty, but otherwise good.

42 R R-VOL XL, PT I

