
Major Cook has remained in charge of the siege artillery of the lines of Bermuda Hundred, and at times in command of the light batteries also, a position which he has well filled.

Captain H. H. Pierce, First Connecticut Artillery, has had charge of all the siege artillery north of the James River, designed chiefly for the protection of the digging at Dutch Gap, and has shown great skill in discharging a difficult and arduous duty.

I have already explained the unusually severe demands upon my staff, arising from the peculiar organization of my command, and mentioned them by name. Each in his department has been all that could be desired.

When all the officers in command of batteries have done so exactly what was to be desired it would be invidious to discriminate. Both the officers and the enlisted men have merited my warmest commendation.

The total casualties from the beginning of the campaign to October 31 (confined entirely to the First Connecticut Artillery) amount to 1 officer and 11 enlisted men killed and 4 officers and 52 enlisted men wounded, 15 mortally. During November the casualties have been 1 officer wounded and 4 enlisted men killed. Total loss, 73 men.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding Siege Artillery.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE TRAIN,Broadway Landing, Va., August 4, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report upon the siege train organized by me in April last, according to the project drawn up by yourself:

I received a memorandum from General Halleck, on April 20, to get the train afloat at Washington Arsenal with all possible speed. It was to consist of forty siege guns (rifled), ten 10-inch mortars, twenty 8-inch mortars, twenty Coehorn mortars, six 100-pounder Parrotts, and ten 8-inch siege howitzers (subsequently added), with 1,000 rounds per gun, 600 rounds heavy mortar, and 200 rounds per Coehorn mortar; the necessary battery wagons, forges, mortar wagons, &amp;c., being also included. This train was loaded under the immediate supervision of Captain S. P. Hatfield, First Connecticut Artillery, my ordnance officer, as rapidly as it could be furnished by the Ordnance Department. With the exception of the ammunition, which to this day has never been fully supplied, the entire train was afloat on May 15 except sixteen of the Coehorn mortars, which were not received until June 18.

On May 10 my regiment was ordered to report to Major-General Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

We arrived at Bermuda Hundred on May 13, and were immediately placed in charge of the heavy guns of that line, which still remain under placed in charge of the heavy guns of that line, which still remain under my command. Between May 13 and the arrival of the Army of the Potomac, in the middle of June, my regiment fired about 2,000 rounds of siege ammunition in the almost daily bombardment which had taken place along out lines.

