
On June 20 the siege train was ordered to City Point and started on that day, arriving on June 23. One June 20 I sent Company I of my regiment, Captain Burton, with three 30-pounder Parrotts, belonging to Department of Virginia and North Carolina, to the lines of the Eighteenth Army Corps, near Petersburg. It was followed by other companies supplied with ordnance from the train proper, as follows, viz, Company D, Captain Brigham, on June 24, with four 30-pounder Parrotts and four 8-inch mortars (latter turned over to Company I). On June 25 Company D received six Coehorn mortars from ordnance officer of Eighteenth Corps.

On June 27 I sent Company F, Captain Dow, with three 30-pounder Parrotts and four 8-inch mortars to the lines of the same corps; also sending Major Trumbull, First Connecticut Artillery, to assume command of the companies serving the heavy guns on the lines of the Eighteenth Corps.

On June 30 I sent Company B, Captain Brooker, to the lines of the Ninth Corps with six 4 1/2-inch guns. On July 6 I sent to the same lines four 8-inch mortars, which have been served by a platoon of Company A, Captain Gillett.

On July 8 I sent two 8-inch mortars, followed on July 9 by four Coehorns, which have been served by a platoon of Company G, under Lieutenant Sergeant, the other platoon, under Captain Osborne, being placed on the same day in charge of a 13-inch mortar mounted on a railroad car. This mortar belonged to General Butler's department, and was mounted at his personal to General Butler's department, and was mounted at his personal suggestion in this manner. It has done good service. Company G served with Eighteenth Corps.

On July 14 Lieutenant-Colonel Allcock, with ten companies of the Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, was assigned to my command for the siege; aggregate, 1,072 men. On 15th I ordered Company A of that regiment, Captain McKeel, on duty at Broadway Landing, the depot of the train. When the train first arrived two companies of the One hundred and thirty-eighth Ohio National Guard were ordered on this duty by General Butler. On July 15 these companies were relieved by two companies of Thirty-seventh New Jersey Volunteers.

On July 25 I sent Company M, First Connecticut Artillery, Captain Pratt, with six 4 1/2-inch guns to lines of Ninth Corps.

On July 28 sent Company K, Fourth New York Artillery, Captain Gould, with six Coehorns, to lines of Eighteenth Corps. On same date sent Company C, First Connecticut Artillery, Captain Pierce, with ten 10-inch mortars, and a platoon of Company A, First Connecticut Artillery, Lieutenant Patterson, with six 8-inch mortars, to the lines of the Fifth Corps. On July 29 I ordered Company M, Fourth New York Artillery, Captain Morrison, to report for duty at siege train depot, and sent Company H of that regiment, Captain Brown, with six 4 1/2-inch guns, and Company C of that regiment, Lieutenant McPherson, with six Coehorns, to the lines of the Fifth Corps.

On July 30 the mine on General Burnside's front was sprung at 4.45 a.m., and a heavy cannonade was instantly opened and continued until about 10.30 a.m., when it gradually ceased, the assault by the infantry having failed and the attack being discontinued. The part assigned to the artillery, to keep down the fire of the enemy upon the flanks of our column of attack, and to keep back his re-enforcements, was successfully executed.

