
The casualties in my own regiment during the siege have been 1 officer and 6 enlisted men killed, and 1 officer and 24 men wounded. I have not been informed of any casualties in the Fourth New York Artillery.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding Siege Train.

Brigadier General HENRY J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

BROADWAY LANDING, APPOMATTOX RIVER, VA.,

August 12, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to the circular from the department, dated 29th ultimo, I have the honor to forward the following report upon the duties and military operations in which I have been engaged during the month of July, 1864:

For my status at the beginning of the month I would refer to my annual report for the year ending June 30, 1864. My command consisted of First Connecticut Artillery; Companies A and H, Thirteenth New York Artillery, and Company M, Third Pennsylvania Artillery, with two companies of Thirty-seventh New Jersey Volunteers on duty at siege train depot; aggregate, about 2,000 men. The siege operations consisted of preparations for the assault of 30th ultimo. At that date I had eighty one heavy guns and mortars in position in front of Petersburg, served by eight companies of First Connecticut Artillery and three companies of Fourth New York Artillery, Lieutenant-Colonel Allcock commanding. This regiment (except two companies) reported to me for duty on July 14; effective strength, about 1,100 men. In the battle of the 30th ultimo my command fired 3,833 rounds, an aggregate weight of metal of about seventy-seven tons. The object-the keeping down the fire of the enemy's artillery and the keeping back of his reserves-was perfectly accomplished for at least four hours after the springing of the mine. General Meade expressed himself to me as perfectly satisfied with the service of the artillery. This battle was probably the first in which spherical case from heavy mortars was used. The expedient of putting thirty 12-pounder canister-shot with the bursting charge was of great utility, the steady fire of ten 10-inch mortars keeping down the fire of the most dreaded flanking battery of the enemy's line. At 11.30 p.m. July 30 I received a telegram to remove fifty-two heavy guns and mortars from position. In twenty-seven hours these guns, with their ammunition, platforms, mantles, implements, &amp;c., complete (about 225 tons weight), were secretly withdrawn and transported about seven miles,and in thirty six hours the whole material was embarked.

The casualties of my regiment during the siege operations of July were about 32 killed and wounded. No loss was suffered by the rest of my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Captain of Engrs. and Colonel First Conn. Arty., Commanding Siege Train.

Brigadier General RICHARD DELAFIELD,

Chief Engineer, U. S. Army.

