
Numbers 245. Report of Brigadier General Godfrey Weitzel, U. S. Army, Chief Engineer, Department of Virginia and North Carolina, of operations June 1-30.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

July 7, 1864.

Bvt. Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Armies in the Field:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith my official report of engineering operations in this department for the month of June, 1864. I also inclose the following maps and tracings*, to wit, viz:

Numbers 1.-One tracing showing roads between Bermuda Hundred and the enemy's first line of intrenchments on the north and Petersburg on the south; also showing position of our and the enemy's lines of works.

Numbers 2.-A photographic copy showing road between pontoon bridge at Point of Rocks and Petersburg, showing line of intrenchments captured by Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 3.-A photographic copy of sketch of our works at Deep Bottom.

Numbers 4.-A photographic copy of maps showing position of pontoon bridge on which the Army of the Potomac crossed the James River June 14 and 15, 1864.

Numbers 5.-A photographic copy of sketch of signal tower on Cobb's Hill, near Fort Wisconsin, on the left of our line of intrenchments.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier General and Chief Engineer, Dept. of Va. and N. C.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

July 1, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of engineering operations in this department for the month of June, 1864:

In my last report I mentioned that detached works were in process of construction at Wilson's Wharf, City Point, and Fort Powhatan, on the James River-the two former are now completed; the latter is still unfinished; and in addition to work heretofore mentioned, a signal tower, already sixty feet high, to communicate with City Point, is under construction. These works, assisted by the gun-boats stationed near there, and with garrisons of about 800 men each, will be able to resist any attack of the enemy with four or five times their force. The details of construction of these works have been intrusted to the officers and men of the First New York Volunteer Engineers, and have reflected credit upon them. The line of intrenchments in our front, with the detached works in advance, have never for a day been free from some effort to strengthen them, and every pains has been taken to make them as complete as possible. For the greater part of the month they have been under the charge of Colonel H. L. Abbot, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery (captain U. S. Engineers), to whose untiring activity, zeal, and industry their perfection is in a great measure due. Under his supervision also a battery of 20-pounder Parrotts has been erected on the

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

