
June 25, batteries were laid out for one 6-inch Sawyer gun and two 10-inch mortars on the Crow's Nest, right bank of James River, about 1,500 yards below the right of our line, and for one 100-pounder Parrott and two 10-inch mortars at the Curtis house. From this time until the end of the month the works above alluded to have been under construction, constant labor being expended upon them, and no effort spared to make them perfect.

June 26, I made an inspection to-day of the line of defenses around Portsmouth and Norfolk. Although this system of defense did not seem to me to be the best, I did not deem it necessary to make any alternations for the present. I ordered that hired labor, heretofore used upon the works, be discontinued, and that the necessary labor be performed by the garrisons of the works. Since my appointment as chief engineer I have been doing the duties of chief of staff, and this latter has prevented my visiting the far distant posts of this department, such as New Berne and others in North Carolina. I have, however, no great concern about the engineering affairs there during the present position of our armies. Since my last report I have succeeded in having everything relating to my department arranged systematically. The office has issued to corps and other commanders maps of the country in this vicinity whenever called for. A photographic establishment has been located here by which maps are rapidly reproduced and pictures of the different batteries, bridges, and positions will soon be made. The topographical department is well conducted under the charge of Captain Dorr, U. S. Coast Survey. Lieutenant R. W. Coe, First New York Volunteers Engineers, has charge of my engineer depot and does very well. The expenditure of engineer material for the past month has been light when compared with the previous month.

I have the honor to submit with this the report of Captain Farquhar, chief engineer of the Eighteenth Army Corps, as follows:

June 21, General Smith's corps occupied their lines around Petersburg. On this day there was laid out and partially completed a small flanking redan for the guns on the left of the City Point road, from the left face of which a complete enfilading view was had of the enemy's position on the hill in front of our left. (See map of Battery Numbers 5.)

June 22, troops engaged in strengthening position and building traverses to protect them from an enfilading fire. After dark four light 12-pounder guns were placed in Battery Numbers 4, which had been finished during the previous night. Battery Numbers 1 looked down the river and across. Battery Numbers 2 looked toward Petersburg and across the Appomattox. Battery Numbers 3 looked toward Petersburg, and is a good position from which to destroy the bridge. In Battery Numbers 3. were four 10-pounder Parrotts.

June 24, troops were engaged in throwing up traverses and cutting abatis to be placed in front of infantry parapet at night.

June 25, laid out a covered way between Batteries Nos 1 and 2, which were commenced as soon as darkness came on. Four 30-pounders were placed in position in Battery Numbers 5 of enemy's line to counter-batter the enemy's guns in position on left bank of Appomattox. This battery was open to the rear, but it was partially closed, so as to admit of two embrasures toward Petersburg.

June 26, Major Graef, First New York Volunteer Engineers, reported with two companies of engineer troops. Four 30-pounders were placed near Rushmore's, directly opposite to Fort Clifton, from which position they could deliver an enfilading fire on the enemy's batteries that so much annoyed the flank of our line of battle. Fourt 8-inch mortars were placed in position near Howe's [Hare's] (see Battery Numbers 6) last night. An infantry parapet some thirty yards in front of General Turner's line was commenced.

June 27, Battery Numbers 3 altered so that 30-pounders could be placed in it. A small magazine built. Six Coehorn mortars were last night placed in Battery Numbers 5. The 8-inch mortars placed in position yesterday do excellently well.

June 28 at daylight three 30-pounders were placed in Battery Numbers 3 and two 8-inch mortars in Battery Numbers 2. During the day platforms for two more 8-inch mortars were placed in Battery Numbers 2; also three platforms for 30-pounders, which

