
were placed immediately after dark in position, being removed from Battery Numbers 3. I made a reconnaissance from opposite Fort Clifton to Battery Numbers 1; found the right bank for the most part swamp, except from Rowlett's to the battery.

June 30, no regular approaches have been made, as, until we invest the town, it would be almost useless, for the enemy can fortify to the rear as fast as we can approach. No details of batteries are sent in drawing, because for the most part they are irregular, having been made out of the infantry parapets strengthened. In the sketch our lines are marked in double red lines, the enemy's in back. On the map are the dates that each line was taken up.

The following officers of the Engineer Corps are on duty in this department; Captain Francis U. Farquhar, chief engineer, Eighteenth Army Corps; First Lieutenant Peter S. Michie, assistant engineer, Department of Virginia and North Carolina; First Lieutenant William R. King, chief engineer, District of North Carolina.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer.

Bvt. Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Armies in the Field.

Numbers 246. Report of Lieutenant Peter S. Michie, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, Acting Chief Engineer, of operations July 1-31.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

September 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, U. S. Armies in the Field:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith the monthly report of engineering operations in this department for the month of July, 1864; also the following list of maps and photographs,* to wit:

Numbers 1.-One tracing of map of the roads between Bermuda Hundred, Va., and enemy's first line of intrenchments on the north and Petersburg on the south.

Numbers 2.-One tracing of Union lines in front of Eighteenth Army Corps near Petersburg.

No. 3-One photographic copy of the topography of the country in the vicinity of New Berne, N. C.

Numbers 4.-One photograph of Battery Anderson.

Numbers 5.-One photograph of Battery Spofford.

Numbers 6.-One photograph of Battery Sawyer.

Numbers 7.-One photograph of Redoubt Weed.

Numbers 8.-One photograph of Redoubt Dutton.

Numbers 9.-One photograph of signal tower.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

First Lieutenant, U. S. Engineer,

Actg. Chief Engineer, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina.

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

