
Numbers 248. Report of Captain Gustavus S. Dana, Signal Corps U. S. Army, in charge of Signal Detachment, Tenth Army Corps, of operations July 1-31.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., August 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations for the month ending July 31, 1864:

The stations worked by this party remained the same as reported on the 30th of June until July 6, when the station at Battery Numbers 3 was enabled to communicate direct with the signal tower at Cobb's Hill.

July 16 Second Lieutenant G. M. Chase, Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, and acting signal officer, reported for duty with this detachment in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 37, dated headquarters Signal Detachment, Department of Virginia and North Carolina, July 15, 1864.

On the 19th of July I returned to duty, having been absent sick, without the department since June 19, 1864.

On the 28th, 29th, 30th, and 31st of July many important movements of the enemy from the west to the east side of the James River were observed and reported from the Water Battery signal station and from a tree a few hundred yards east of the Water Battery; also all the messages signaled by the enemy from the rams near Chaffin's Bluff and a station on the west bank of the James River near Cox's Ferry.

I would respectfully recommend for promotion to sergeant in the corps First Class Private A. J. Fowler, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, and to privates of the first class C. P. Hubbard and J. M. Lewin, both privates of the second class, for gallant and meritorious conduct under fire and general efficiency during this campaign.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

G. S. DANA,

Captain, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

Captain L. B. NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina.

Numbers 249. Report of Brigadier General Robert S. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations June 16.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., June 17, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following brief report of the operations of portions of the First Division, Tenth Army Corps, under my command, on the 16th instant:

At about 4 a.m., learning from the report of Colonel A. C. Voris, Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, division officer of the day, that the enemy were abandoning their works, I ordered the pickets pushed forward to occupy their line, and the balance of the command to be held in readiness to move forward at a moment's notice. Soon after I was ordered by Brigadier-General Terry to take as large a portion as could be spared from each brigade and push forward in pursuit of the enemy, and, if possible, ascertain his position and intentions. I accordingly

