
During the withdrawal of my line I was closely followed by the enemy, who seemed to be in considerable force, they following my command to the intrenchments running form Doctor Howlett's house to that of Widow Howlett's, which they occupied as soon as I had passed them. I retired to a position at Ware Bottom Church, extending to the left along the edge of the woods in front of these works, about 400 yards distant. As soon as the enemy obtained possession of these works they attacked my line, apparently in larger force and with greater vigor than in any previous attack. Having received orders from the brigadier-general commanding to hold this position and retire no farther, after a severe and sharp fight we maintained the line and compelled the enemy to give up the pursuit, and now hold this line with a strong picket force.

The brigade, regimental, and detachment commanders all displayed great zeal and energy in carrying out the instructions of Brigadier-General Terry, commanding, as communicated to them through me. All the troops, with few exceptions, behaved with admirable coolness and confidence, retiring only when ordered, halting and confronting the enemy whenever he pushed his pursuit. The One hundred and thirty-third Ohio Regiment of 100-days' troops fell back in confusion during the last attack on our lines in the woods to the front and right of Mrs. Clay's house, but through the exertions of Colonel Howell, myself, and staff, and some of the field officers of other regiments, they were rallied, and afterward behaved very well. The colonel of the regiment, Colonel G. S. Innis, could not be found, although repeated inquiries were made for him.

Between 80 and 90 prisoners were taken during the operations of the day and sent to department headquarters.

In the last attack, near Ware Bottom Church, Colonel J. B. Howell, commanding First Brigade, displayed great gallantry, having his horse killed under him, and being himself slightly wounded in two places. During the operations of the day Colonel Plaisted's brigade was on the right, his line running from Howlett's house toward the left beyond Ware Bottom Church, and was more or less engaged during the day, holding his part of the line and carrying out all directions successfully, the particularly of which are more fully given in his report accompanying.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Line of Defenses.

Numbers 250. Report of Colonel Joshua B. Howell, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations June 16.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Bermuda Hundred, Va., June 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to report to you for the information of Brigadier-General Foster, commanding division, that in pursuance with orders, about 7 a.m. 16th instant, I marched out my brigade, consisting of the Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, and the One hundred and thirty-third Ohio

