
Numbers 252. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah I. Plimpton, Third New Hampshire Infantry, Second Brigade, of operations June 16.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Bermuda Hundred, Va. June 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part my regiment took in the action of yesterday.

I moved New Hampshire Volunteers, to the enemy's line of works about Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, to the enemy's line of works about 7 a.m., and remained until about 10.30 o'clock, when we were ordered to move to the front and proceeded on the road toward the pike, and halted near shop formerly used as hospital; ordered by Colonel Henderson to throw forward my two companies of carbines as skirmishers, after which formed in line of battle on the right of Seventh New Hampshire; the enemy advanced on our skirmishers in strong force, and we were ordered to fall back gradually to near Widow Clay's house; soon after was ordered to move up near Widow Howlett's house, and form on the left of Colonel Howell's brigade, where I found the enemy and engaged him, driving him back, and held the position until ordered to retire to rebel line of trenches near Ware Bottom Church. Here the enemy advanced to his old line and opened fire upon us. I was ordered to remain here, and, in connection with other troops, hold the line until relieved by the pickets, and then return to camp; was relieved about 9 p.m. and returned to camp.

The casualties during the day were 4 officers wounded, 6 enlisted men killed, 28 wounded, and 1 missing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. I. PLIMPTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third New Hampshire Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. L. MOORE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 10th Army Corps.

Numbers 253. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas A. Henderson, Seventh New Hampshire Infantry, of operations June 16.
HDQRS. SEVENTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Near Bermuda Hundred, Va. June 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers in the action of June 16:

At about 7 a.m. the regiment, together with the Third New Hampshire, proceeded to the works left by the enemy in the open field opposite Batteries 4 and 5. At about 8 o'clock the regiments, by order of Brigadier-General Foster, moved to the right and then advanced a considerable distance, forming line of battle along the edge of certain woods. Soon after the regiments were moved forward on the road leading from Bermuda Hundred to the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike. Advancing by the right flank along this road, the skirmishers of the enemy were encountered in the woods near a small shop or shed. A

