
line of battle was formed and considerable skirmishing ensued. By order of General Foster the regiment was moved back, first, a distance of some 100 yards, and shortly after still farther back beyond a ravine, the enemy's skirmishers following and the enemy appearing in force, both in front and on the flanks. Remaining in this position for some time, by order of General Foster, the Third New Hampshire moved to the right and advanced to connect with the left of Colonel Howell's brigade and the Seventh New Hampshire, formed on the left of the Third New Hampshire, and proceeded to engage the enemy, who appeared in front with a strong skirmish line and indications of a large force behind it. After about an hour, the enemy appearing in force on the left flank, by order of General Foster, the regiment was withdrawn a short distance to a line of rifle-pits abandoned by the enemy, and after remaining here a short time the regiment was withdrawn still farther to another abandoned line of the enemy's works, and from thence still farther to the edge of a piece of woods, where a line of battle was formed, the right of the Seventh New Hampshire resting on the road and joining the left of the Third New Hampshire. In this position the line was vigorously attacked by the enemy, but the regiment held its ground. Skirmishing continued till sunset, at about which time, by order of General Foster, the regiment was moved to the rebel works, where it had been stationed early in the morning, as a reserve for that portion of the picket-line. The regiment remained in this place till about 1 a.m. to-day, when it was relieved and returned to camp. I append hereto a list of the casualties which occurred during the day.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. HENDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 254. Report of Colonel Harris M. Plaisted, Eleventh Maine Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 16.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,South side James River, twelve miles from Richmond, Va.,

June 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken my brigade in the affair of yesterday, June 16:

Three regiments of my command participated in the movement, viz, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, Colonel Osborn, Tenth Connecticut, Colonel Otis, and Eleventh Maine, Major Hill. My orders were to advance to the line of works abandoned by the enemy and there await further orders. The Tenth Connecticut advanced rapidly as skirmishers under the command of Major Greeley, and at 7.15 a.m. were in possession of the main line of rebel intrenchments in front of Ware Bottom Church, and thence to the James River. Skirmishers were advanced to the second rebel line, about 700 yards in rear of the main line, driving the enemy's skirmishers therefrom. This a regiment had more or less skirmishing from the start. It captured 36 prisoners, including 3 com-

44 R R-VOL XL, PT I

