
line of skirmishers a force of not less than four rebel regiments was seen to move into the intrenchments which I would be compelled to carry. The order to make the attack was countermanded by General Foster, and the brigade returned to camp.

The casualties during the day in my command were few. A list of them has been sent in to your headquarters.

More than satisfied with the conduct of every officer and soldier of my command, without exception or distinction, still I am pleased to mention specially Sergeant Sayers, Company K, Tenth Connecticut, who, with eight men, captured 26 prisoners, including 2 commissioned officers, in a body, and with three men 5 prisoners, with 1 commissioned officer. Having conducted his prisoners to the rear and delivered them to the provost-marshal, he returned to the front and asked permission with his three comrades again "to go in and see if he could not get a few more of 'em before night." He was sent in on Howell's front as scout, and performed such valuable services in discovering and reporting a flank movement of the enemy that Colonel H. tenders a formal expression of his satisfaction with many thanks to the "brave and intelligent sergeant."

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 225. Reports of Brigadier General Robert S. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations July 11-12 and 23-29.

JULY 12, 1864.

The volunteer party of two officers and fifty men called for by General Butler last evening have just returned. They, in connection with part of a company (Third Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery), landed at Dutch Gap at 9 last night; crossed at 2.30 this morning to Cox's Wharf, where they captured 1 officer and 12 men; burned a mill, shop, dwelling, and out-houses, capturing a quantity of small-arms, a galvanic battery, 2 boxes powder, and a torpedo. No casualties on our side. Please send copy to General Butler.

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Forwarded to the lieutenant-general for his information.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

