
of the enemy on my front, and in compliance advanced the One hundredth New York and Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Regiments as skirmishers, with the Eleventh Maine and one section of First Connecticut Light Battery in support, driving the enemy back onto their main works. The object of the advance being accomplished, I retired within my original line at dusk.

On the afternoon of the 29th I was again directed to co-operate with a movement of the Second Corps, and advanced a line of skirmishers of the First Maryland (dismounted) Cavalry and Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, their right resting on Four-Mile Creek, their left near the Grover house. Four pieces of artillery were placed in position on the right of the Grover house. The enemy were driven within their main line of rifle-pits, from which it was impossible to dislodge them with the small force at my command. After shelling the enemy's works for nearly an hour, I withdrew to my original line.

The number of casualties during the movements was as follows:

Killed. Wounded.

 Offi	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Aggre

Troops.	 cers	 	 ers.	 	 gate.

11th Maine Volunteers........	 -	 3	 2	 27	 32

10th Connecticut Volunteers..	 -	 -	 1	 8	 9

100th New York Volunteers....	 1	 -	 -	 5	 6

24th Massachusetts Volunteers.	 -	 -	 -	 2	 2

1st Maryland Cavalry..........	 -	 1	 1	 5	 7

Total.........................	 1	 4	 4	 47	 56

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Army Corps.

Numbers 256. Report of Colonel John L. Otis, Tenth Connecticut Infantry, of operations July 26-27.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Deep Bottom, Va. July 28, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by the Tenth Regiment in the affair of the 26th and 27th instant at this place:

At 7 a.m. on the 26th I received orders from General Foster to move my command to the east side of Four-Mile Creek and assist the Eleventh Maine Volunteers in forcing the enemy from a piece of woods, out of which they had driven two regiments of the Nineteenth Corps the day previous, and retake, if possible, an important position covering the road from Richmond to Malvern Hill. Having to cross the James River twice before reaching the position, considerable time elapsed, and on our arrival we found a portion of the Eleventh Maine already

