
engaged. I immediately sent our sharpshooters, under Lieutenant Linsley, to re-enforce the skirmishers, with four companies of the line, under Captain Greaves, to support them. Major Greeley was ordered, with four companies more, to support a section each of the First Connecticut and Third U. S. Batteries in the redans. Heavy skirmishing continued all the afternoon. Lieutenant Linsley was wounded early in the action and Lieutenant Peck placed in command of the sharpshooters. The enemy's skirmishers, having the advantage of position and being several times re-enforced, contested the ground obstinately, but were steadily forced back until they reached a strong rifle-pit, from which they had driven a regiment of the Nineteenth Corps the day previous. Here they made a determined stand, but were driven out by the skirmishers of the two regiments at the point of the bayonet. Before night we had forced our picket-line to within fifty yards of the enemy's works. At sunset the Eleventh Maine was withdrawn, with the exception of three companies held in reserve, the Tenth Regiment holding the picket-line alone. We maintained the position during the night, the enemy erecting works and mounting guns so near us that our officers could tell just how many guns they had in position. Captain Goodyear and Engles both informed me at midnight that the enemy had placed four guns in battery. Our men could plainly overhear the conversation of the rebel soldiers in the trenches, and heard their arrangements for attacking us in force at daylight in the morning; but during the night the infantry of the Second Corps crossed the river and at daylight attacked the enemy's position. A portion of my own line became engaged and assisted materially in driving the enemy from his works and capturing his guns, our position being such as to cover the Richmond road and effectually prevent the enemy from taking away the guns after withdrawing them from the battery. The action being over at 8 a.m., I was ordered to march my command back to the west side of the creek. Our entire loss, 1 commissioned officer and 8 men.

An official list of casualties has already been forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. OTIS,

Colonel, Commanding the Regiment.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

Numbers 257. Report of Colonel Harris M. Plaisted, Eleventh Maine Infantry, of operations July 23-27.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Deep Bottom, Va., July 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of the troops under my command in taking and holding the rebel battery on the New Market and Malvern Hill road below the Four-Mile Creek.

The Eleventh Maine, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hill, had taken the position on the 21st and again on the 22d, capturing 14 prisoners with the loss of but 1 man, but not feeling able to hold the same without re-enforcements, he fell back at dark both days to the redoubt on the bluff. I was ordered by General Foster to retake the position with the

