
with the Second Corps and Gregg's cavalry and attacked the enemy at sunrise, turning his left flank and seizing the Malvern Hill road below the rebel battery of four guns. The Tenth Connecticut and Eleventh Maine commanded the road leading from the battery in the other direction toward Spring Hill, and opened such a heavy fire upon battery and road the guns could not be removed in that direction, hence their easy capture by the Union forces. The commanding officers of the Eleventh Maine and Tenth Connecticut were the first to reach the guns.

On the 26th the Eleventh Maine lost 23 killed and wounded, including a commissioned officer. The sharpshooters of the Tenth Connecticut twenty-two men, were engaged a portion of the time during the day and lost 6 wounded, including the officer in command. This regiment also had 2 men wounded on the morning of the 27th.

The small number of casualties, considering the close and constant fighting, was owing to the excellent cover afforded by the trees and to the skill of the men in bushwhacking. The loss of the enemy, it is believed, was ten times as many; 108 dead and wounded rebels were seen from the gun-boat lookout carried to the rear in the afternoon of the 26th, and prisoners captured on the morning of the 27th said they lost 40 men in ten minutes, when the Eleventh charged the rebels out of the rifle-pits. The rebels were in such numbers they were much exposed where exposure was almost certain death.

The conduct of the officers and men of these two regiments throughout the contest was all that could be expected or desired of the bravest men and best soldiers. To name all who deserve honorable mention would be but to call the roll of all those who were engaged. I cannot, however, omit to mention specially Lieutenant-Colonel Hill and Major Baldwin, Eleventh Maine, their services were so conspicuous. The former had the immediate command of the Eleventh, and is entitled to great credit for the admirable manner in which he fought the regiment. He was ably seconded by Major Baldwin. Lieutenant Dickinson, First Connecticut Artillery, performed excellent service with his four pieces, James rifles. Without the support of his guns success against such odds, if not impossible, would have been purchased at much greater loss of life.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel Eleventh Maine, Commanding.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., 10th Army Corps.

Numbers 258. Reports of Brigadier General John W. Turner, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations June 23-July 1 and July 30.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va. July 1, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to make the following report of the part this division has taken in the operations before Petersburg up to this date:

In obedience to instructions received from Major-General Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina, "to report

