
then remained on our lines till, by order of Major-General Ord, I retired during the afternoon, having been relieved by troops of Carr's division, Eighteenth Army Corps, with the exception of five companies of the One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers, who remained for twenty-four hours longer, there being no troops to relieve them.

My brigade commanders performed their duties to my entire satisfaction. I forward herewith their reports and a recapitulation of my losses.* Captain Keeler, my aide-de-camp,was wounded while with me in the enemy's lines.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 259. Reports of Colonel N. Martin Curtis, One hundred and forty-second New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations June 15-18 and July 30.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., July 3, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, in the late advance on Petersburg:

In compliance with orders received from Major-General Smith, I moved my command, the Second Brigade, Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, from camp near Point of Rocks, at 2 a.m. on the morning of the 15th of June, and followed Bell's brigade to the woods in front of the main line of rebel works near Petersburg, where I arrived about 11 a.m., and took up position in rear of Bell's brigade, about twenty paces on the left of the road. In this position I remained until about 6 p.m., when I moved my brigade forward in support of Bell's brigade, and formed to the right and rear of Battery Numbers 5. At about 9 p.m. I was ordered forward and formed on the left of Bell's brigade, my right resting about sixty paces from Battery Numbers 7, in the advanced line. From this position I was relieved about 2 a.m. on the 16th instant by a portion of the Second Corps, and retired to the open field in rear of that position.

At about 5 p.m. on the 16th I was ordered forward to make a demonstration on the enemy's left, and formed my command on the left bank of the creek, near Friend's house, and in this position I remained until ordered to return to camp near Point of Rocks, where I arrived on the 18th instant [ultimo] about 3 a.m.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. MARTIN CURTIS,

Colonel 142nd New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in table, pp. 248, 249.

---------------

