
time of explosion in the morning. I remained here about one hour and marched back to the rear of the position occupied by the division for the past month. After dark moved to the front and relieved that portion of the Second Corps occupying my old line.

It is proper to state that during the time my command was moving from the intrenchments to the belt of woods above referred to the enemy kept up a constant fire on my troops. Major Swartwout, commanding Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, was killed while gallantly leading his command across the creek bottom to the woods.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to Major Diller, commanding Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain Price, Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain Kirby, Forty-seventh New York Volunteers, and Captain J. Taylor, who command the Forty-eighth New York Volunteers after the fall of Major Swartwout, for gallantry displayed during the affair. My staff officers performed their respective duties with great promptness and gallantry.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. COAN.

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-eighth Regiment New York Vols. Commanding Brigadier

Captain I. R. SEALY.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 261. Reports of Colonel Louis Bell, Fourth New Hampshire Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 30 and July 30.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,July 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the action of the 30th ultimo:

In obedience to orders, I had 350 men, under command of Captain Mendenhall, Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, under the brow of the hill, behind where the rifle-pits are dug in the skirt of the woods, at 5 p.m., and the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers in command of Major Colvin, in rear of the first party as support. Shortly after, in obedience to an order from the general commanding, I moved Captain Mendenhall's command into the edge of the woods and opened fire on the parapet of the enemy's work to our right, to cover Colonel Barton's proposed movement. The left of Captain Mendenhall's command was exposed to a heavy fire from their left, and was compelled to move by the right flank under the brow of the hill and then went into the woods. The whole of Captain Mendenhall's line was then formed within the woods on the crest of the hill. Within a few minutes a regiment of the enemy came out on our left over the works and seemed about to charge the left flank of Captain Mendenhall's line. I ordered the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers to move to a position previously designated, forming a line nearly at right angles with Captain Mendenhall's line. The right of the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers advanced, and being met with a heavy fire, fell back a few feet to the crest of the hill, from which they opened fire on the enemy's regiment, soon compelling

