
I thought it could move off to our right and make a very considerable diversion in our favor, or something to that effect; and he told me he had issued an order to that effect. He spoke of the ground being broken in that direction, and wanted to know if I thought he could go over my lines of works. I told him I thought he could; that it is the same ground that Generals Willcox and Potter fought over on the 18th, and that a portion of his column could move forward in that direction, the balance moving down the covered way.

Question. Were you the senior officer present, and did you regard yourself responsible for putting in at the proper time the troops designated as support in orders?

Answer. I was the senior officer present, in front of my own corps, but I never dreamed of having any authority whatever to order in the troops of any other corps. I might have had authority to call upon other troops, but I had no authority to order any in that I know of.

Question. You don't consider yourself responsible for anything further than your own corps?

Answer. No, sir; except as to make such suggestions as I thought were proper. I did not think that I had any general command that day. In fact, I had no authority to order in any other troops than my own corps, General Meade having specially reserved that right to himself in the correspondence before you.

The Court then adjourned to meet at 10 a.m. on the 12th instant.

SIXTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,

August 12, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-General Hancock, Brigadier-Generals Ayres and Miles, and Colonel Schriver, judge-advocate.

The proceedings of the fifth day were read and approved.

The testimony of Major-General BURNSIDE was resumed.

GENERAL BURNSIDE'S TESTIMONY-CONTINUED.

Questions by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What brigade commanders were in and about the crater near the enemy's line?

Answer. All the brigade commanders of the corps, I think.

Question. What division commanders?

Answer. I do not know positively that any division commander was in the crater, unless, possibly, General Potter. Their headquarters were upon the advance line, something over 100 yards from the crater.

Question. Please describe the covered ways through which the troops passed from the rear up to your line; how long they were and their direction with reference to your line of works?

Answer. Both the covered ways were, in general direction, perpendicular to the advance line, particularly just before approaching it. There were advantages taken of the depression of the ground in rear that made certain portions of them at angles to the line, some obtuse and some acute. The covered ways were built so as to enable columns to move under comparatively good shelter entirely up to our advance line or in other words, to the low ground just in rear of our advance line, and were capable of allowing regiments to pass by twos if not by fours. The commencement of all the covered ways was in the depressed ground in rear of the main line, or, in other words, in the fourteen-gun battery, and I should think that they would average, including the zigzags, 1,000 yards.

Question. In what formation did the colored troops move to the assault?

