
Volunteers were themselves wounded while thus engaged. When the negro troops retreated in confusion they were rallied behind this brigade, many of its officers assisting in the work. During the afternoon, when the enemy charged and retook the fort, my second Brigade having the enemy's right flank exposed to them, poured in a heavy enfilading fire, which was not without effect. At 10 p.m. my Third Brigade was relieved by regiments from the Ninth Corps and about 2 a.m. of the 31st my Second Brigade was relieved by a brigade of colored troops. At daylight this morning, finding that my First Brigade was not to be immediately relieved, I removed that portion of my command already mentioned, under orders from corps headquarters, to a point in rear of their old line of works. My brigade commanders severally report that their men behaved with great steadiness throughout the engagement. A full list of casualties occurring in my division has already been forwarded, giving name, rank, and regiment, the aggregate of which is as follows; Commissioned officers-killed, 1; wounded, 2. Enlisted men-killed 6; wounded, 38. Total-killed, 7; wounded, 40.

H. BURNHAM.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 265. Reports of Colonel Edgar M. Cullen, Ninety-sixth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade,of operations June 20-30.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,Jun 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the 24th instant, in which this brigade was engaged:

About 7 a.m. the enemy opened a heavy fire from probably twenty pieces, in battery on the left bank of the Appomattox, on the line occupied by this brigade. The fire enfiladed the pits, but having given the greatest possible attention to the traverses the night before it was harmless. This lasted for an hour, after which the enemy, having greatly relied on the efficacy of their artillery fire, attempted to carry our works. They advanced probably in two lines of battle, but in a very short time were most handsomely repulsed. The line in advance not being able to retire was captured almost entirely, consisting of some 150, of whom 5 were officers. The attack did not extend beyond the front occupied by our brigade. The greatest credit is due both to the officers and men of this command, which the ease with which they repulsed the enemy only enhances.

I have the honor to name Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston, who took command after I received a sunstroke; Major Pierce, commanding Ninety-sixth New York Volunteers; Captain Kreutzer, Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers, and Captain Fitzpatrick, One hundred and thirty-ninth New York Volunteers, who went beyond the lines and brought in some prisoners, is especially worthy of mention.

The list of casualties has already been forwarded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDGAR M. CULLEN,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain WILLIAM R. HOWE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

