HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,July 1, 1864.

SIR: Agreeable to orders, I have the honor to report the operations of this brigade.

On the 20th [21st] ultimo we moved at daybreak toward this [point], and at night we relieved a portion of the Sixth Corps occupying the right of the second line and one regiment supporting Regan's battery on the right of the ravine. We remained in this position on the 21st [22d] and 22nd [23d] ultimo. At night we relieved the Second Brigade. The next morning [24th] the enemy opened a very heavy fire, enfilading our lines, from some twenty or more guns across the Appomattox. This continued for two hours, when the enemy endeavored to carry our position by assault. Hagood's brigade made the attack. They were easily repulsed, but our men having reserved their fire it was impossible for many to get back. Thus 150 with some 4 or 5 officers including the commander of the regiment, fell into our hands. We have receipts from the provost-marshal of the division for 130. The attack did not extend beyond the front of our brigade at least more than a few yards. Our loss amounted to 57 killed, wounded, and missing; that of the enemy could not have been less than 400. In this line the brigade remained until night of the 25th ultimo, when relieved in turn by Burnham's, when it marched back to its old camp, where it rested the two next days. At night of the 27th ultimo it relieved Burnham and reoccupied its old line during the 28th and 29th ultimo until relieved.

On the 30th, at 3 p.m., I reported with the command to General Turner and was placed as support to the assaulting [column]. Though under a heavy fire, we were [not] actively engaged, and our casualties amounted to 5. The contemplated advance proving impracticable, or unsuccessful at least, this brigade was moved back to its former camp, where it now is.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDGAR M. CULLEN.

Colonel Ninety-sixth New York Vols., Commanding First Brigade.

Captain WILLIAM L. KENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 266. Report of Colonel Aaron F. Stevens, Thirteenth New Hampshire Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations July 30.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., July 31, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to offer the following report of operations of my brigade yesterday:

My command moved from its position in the second line of intrenchments, which it had occupied the night before, about 7 a.m., and rested in the woods in rear of the covered way leading to the pits occupied by the brigade of Colonel Bell. From this point my command moved toward the front, and by order of General Carr took position in the rifle-pits near the railroad, and remained there until about 12 m., when I was ordered to report to General Turner, commanding a divis-

