
Numbers 268. Report of Colonel Edgar M. Cullen, Ninety-sixth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations July 30.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,July 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of this command on the 30th instant:

At 4 a.m. we relieved the colored troops on the extreme left of the Ninth Army Corps. When the assault was made fire was opened on the enemy's works in my front, to which no reply was made. This was kept up during the morning when opportunity offered. When the enemy charged and retook the fort, their flank being exposed to us, we gave them very heavy fire, which, though the distance was considerable, I think was not without effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDGAR M. CULLEN.

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain T. READ.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 269. Report of Captain Charles M. Coit, Eighth Connecticut Infantry, of operations June 15-17.
HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Near Petersburg, Va., June 28, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to render the following report of the operations of this regiment from the 15th to the 17th of June, inclusive:

On the morning of the 15th instant, at 2 a.m., the regiment, 200 strong, occupying the right of the brigade, moved across the Appomattox and out one the road to Petersburg, Va. The first line of the enemy's works having been captured by General Hinks' command (colored), this regiment was advance to the front about half a mile beyond the captured works, and the left wing, under Captain Roberts, deployed as skirmishers on the left of the road, and soon came up with the enemy, when the right wing was also deployed, the color guard being sent to the rear. The line advancing drove them a quarter of a mile through the woods, at which point their strong fortifications were discovered. The men, covering themselves as much as possible by the trees on the left nd a thick jungle on the right, advanced as close to the works as these afforded shelter and kept up a deliberate fire on the enemy's works, and on our right were enabled to almost entirely silence the artillery, in the strong fort in their front. About noon the enemy charged on the center of our line, but were repulsed with considerable loss. At 6 p.m. the two companies (G and K) armed with Sharps rifles, occupying the center of our line, having during the day expended their sixty rounds of ammunition, and being unable to procure an additional supply of that caliber, were relieved by two companies of the One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers. At 7 p.m., in accordance with orders from General Burnham, commanding brigade,

