
the skirmish line (the Thirteenth New Hampshire Volunteers on the left and eight companies of the Eighth Connecticut Volunteers, with the detachment of the One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers, on the right) advanced, and charging upon the enemy's works, captured them, with 250 prisoners and 5 field pieces. The regiment immediately advanced to a hill in the rear of the captured works, within two miles of Petersburg, and directly in front of the enemy's inner line of works. Here we built breast-works and remained in support of ---- that were brought up during the night until 6.30 p.m. on the 17th instant, when we were relieved by the Third Vermont Regiment, of the Sixth Corps. We marched during the night to Point of Rocks.

Our casualties, which all occurred during the first day's operations, were: Killed, 2; wounded, 17; total, 19.

The behavior of the whole command, officers and men, was in the highest degree commendable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. M. COIT

Captain, Commanding Eighth Connecticut Volunteers.

Brigadier General HORACE J. MORSE.

Adjutant-General State of Connecticut.

Numbers 270. Reports of Colonel Guy V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 15-July 30.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier ., FIRST DIV., EIGHTEENTH CORPS,June 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade before Petersburg:

At 3 o'clock on the morning of Wednesday, June 15, 1864, my brigade took up its line of march, following the brigade of General Marston. We reached a point within sight of Petersburg at about noon of the same day. Up to this time the troops under my command had had no collision with the enemy. I formed my brigade in line of battle by regiments, each regiment in column by division, in the rear of General Marston. Some time was occupied by the general commanding in reconnoitering the enemy's works, and during this interval my brigade lay in position as above described. An assault having been determined upon, I sent from my brigade, by direction of General Brooks, the Ninety-second New York Volunteers, Major T. A. Merriman commanding to re-enforce the first line of attack. My remaining four regiments were ordered to support the assaulting party and meet any counter-charge of the enemy in the event of a repulse. These dispositions having been made the advance was commenced and the work in front carried in gallant style. The Ninety-second New York, of my brigade, was among the first to scale the parapet and effect a lodgment in the fort. By order of General Brooks, the remainder of my brigade was at once hurried up and formed a new line of battle about seventy-five yards in front of the captured fort. This position was slightly intrenched and darkness having now shutin, in further operations ceased for the night. At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 16th I received orders from General Brooks to extend my line some 200 yards to the right, along a road leading across the valley toward the river. I accordingly moved by the right flank

