
the distance prescribed, and found myself facing a line of rebel rifle-pits with two redoubts about 100 yards to the right of my brigade. The line of pits was unoccupied by the enemy, being enfiladed by our own batteries on the hill to the left; the redoubts, however, were still held by the enemy though in what force was unknown. I therefore sent forward the Twenty-first Connecticut by companies, deployed as skirmishers, to ascertain if the fort could be cheaply taken. The enemy was found in too strong a force to render an attack advisable, and half the skirmishers were withdrawn, the others remaining to give notice of any hostile movement. The remaining portion of my brigade was, in obedience to orders received, marched to a position near that occupied by it on the previous day before the charge. At 6 p.m. I was ordered to advance my brigade again to the front and join in the action them just commencing. Soon afterward I received instructions to report to General Birney, commanding division of the Second Corps. I was by him placed in reserve on his left, and remained there until daylight, when I was sent to the front and ordered to form a line of battle on the right of General Birney's division. His position having been taken during the night was securely intrenched along the edge of pine woods. On his right was an open field without any protection and swept by the enemy's fire. I had commenced to dig a covered way leading to General Birney's right, with the intention to extend his line of rifle-pits and thus introduce my men, when I was relieved by a brigade of General Birney's own command and resumed my position of the early morning. At 5 p.m. I was ordered by General Hancock to rejoin the Eighteenth Corps and marched with it to Appomattox Landing.

My losses during the two days were 1 enlisted man killed and 17 enlisted men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUY V. HENRY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THEODORE READ.

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Div., Eighteenth Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,July 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from division headquarters, I have the honor to report the following as the operations of this brigade since June 21, 1864:

By 4 o'clock on the morning of that day my brigade was on the march from the Appomattox Landing toward Petersburg. We reached the Army of the Potomac about noon, and halting my brigade in the rear of that of General Burnham, I reported in person to General Stannard at the immediate front. In accordance with orders then received, my brigade was at dusk placed on the left of the division in the front line, relieving therefrom a portion of the Sixth Corps. On examining my position I was much dissatisfied with the character and location of the earth-works already constructed. During the following night I, therefore, with the approbation of the general commanding division, changed and remodeled my lines throughout. Two covered ways were also commenced, connecting the front and rear of my brigade. This work of intrenching for my own troops and for several batteries located within the limits of my command has been constantly followed up from

