
pits directly opposite the rebel fort where the mine was laid and the charge to take place. As soon as these dispositions were made the mine was exploded and the attack commenced. During its progress my brigade rendered important service in keeping down the fire from the enemy's flanking pits. A number of my brigade also volunteered to bring in the wounded of the Ninth Corps, who were lying in an open field exposed to a heavy cannonade and musketry fire. Two men from the Fortieth Massachusetts were themselves wounded while thus engaged. When the negro troops retread in confusion,arising from their being crowded in under a heavy fire, with no definite object in view, they were rallied behind my brigade, and in some instances by my officers. My men behaved with great steadiness and bravery under a heavy enfilading fire, and performed promptly whatever was asked of them to do. A nominal report of my casualties has already been sent in to division headquarters. My brigade was relieved by regiments from the Ninth Corps at 10 p.m. on the 30th, and marched a short distance to the rear, where it was joined by the rest of the division. The next morning it went into camp with the Eighteenth Corps.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUY. V. HENRY.

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THEODORE READ,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 271. Report of Captain James F. Brown, Twenty-first Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLS.,In the Field, Va., September 3, 1864.

GENERAL: *

At 2 a.m. of the 13th [June] I received orders to quietly withdraw the remainder of the regiment, except a skirmish line covering our front, which was also to be withdrawn on intimation of a similar movement by the Sixth Corps on our immediate left. By 3 a.m. the troops had all been withdrawn without opposition, and we were on our way to White House, which we reached at 10 a.m. and immediately embarked on transports, the men gratefully embracing the opportunity for a few hours' rest after their late exhausting labors.

At 11 a.m. the 14th we landed at Point of Rocks, near Bermuda Hundred, and encamped for the night. At 1 on the following morning we were again under arms, and crossing the Appomattox moved on the enemy's works in front of Petersburg. The Third Division of the Eighteenth Corps, with the cavalry, advanced rapidly, driving or capturing the enemy's outposts, and at 9 a.m. we were in position in front of his main works, situated on a high ridge and within easy range of the city. We were formed in column by division, ready for the assault whenever it should be deemed practicable, but the position was too formidable to be carried without the aid of more artillery. Some delay occurred in getting this into position, while the enemy worked his most vigorously. Finally, about 6 p.m., three full batteries were brought up, and under cover of their concentrated fire a strong skirmish line, advancing rapidly with the main body in supporting distance, rushed gallantly upon the parapet, driving the enemy from his guns, which

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from June 3 to June 12, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I,p. 1014.

---------------

