
Numbers 272. Report of Brigadier General Adelbert Ames, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations July 30.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, August 2, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations of the 30th of July, 1864:

In accordance with original instructions the command was placed in reserve, opposite the left of the wood in rear of General Burnside's line, about 1 a.m. At about 6.30 o'clock I received instructions to occupy the ground vacated by a division of the Tenth Corps, which I accordingly did. Soon after, however, I was ordered to move to the attack, but found it impossible to advance my men, the way being blocked by other troops. I immediately made a personal examination of the position, and found that already more troops were in advance of my command than could be used to advantage, which fact I reported to the major-general commanding the corps. My order to advance was countermanded at once. At about 12 m. I was ordered to move my command to the rear and to go into camp.

A list of casualties has been transmitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. AMES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 273. Report of Colonel Josiah Pickett, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry, First Brigade,of operations June 13-18.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOLS..,New Berne, N. C. December 16, 1864.

SIR: *

Embarking again on transports on the 13th [June], were landed at Point of Rocks, on the Appomattox River, on the night of the 14th.

At 2 a.m. on the 15th took up line of march for Petersburg, crossing the Appomattox, an commenced skirmishing with the enemy at 8 a.m. Advancing under a severe fire from the enemy's artillery to within a short distance of their works we halted and remained during the day exposed to the scorching rays of the sun and the enemy's fire, which was kept up at intervals until sundown, when a furious fire from our artillery was opened and the works carried by assault, the Twenty-fifth capturing two 12-pounder Napoleon guns, with caissons complete. Loss, 1 killed, 1 officer and 17 men wounded.

Nothing of note occurred until the 18th; the brigade was then ordered farther to the right for the purpose of capturing another line of works. A charge was made, but repulsed with a loss to the regiment of 6 killed, 1 officer and 12 men wounded.#

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. PICKETT,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Regiment Massachusetts.

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 1016.

#For continuation of report, see Vol. XLII, Part I.

---------------

