
Numbers 274. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William C. Moegling, Eleventh Connecticut Infantry, Second Brigade, of operations June 18.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Near Petersburg, Va., July 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this command in the battle of the 18th ultimo in front of Petersburg:

The regiment, forming part of Stedman's brigade, Second Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, left its bivouac at daylight on the 18th, and moved toward the enemy's works on the right. The regiment was deployed as skirmishers and advanced slowly toward the enemy's main line of works. About noon the regiment was ordered to advance at a double-quick and drive in the enemy's skirmishers which were lying in a line of rifle-pits in front of their main works. This was promptly done, and the enemy left their rifle-pits and fell back to their works, losing quite a number of killed and wounded, and some 30 were taken prisoners; also the officer in command of their line. The regiment still advanced to within a short distance of the enemy's works, where it was received with a heavy fire of musketry, and the support being too far back my line was obliged to fall back a short distance, but keeping up a brisk fire on the enemy, who had planted a piece in the road on our left, which sent three or four shells in our line, but was soon silenced by my skirmishers firing at the cannoneers in such a manner as to prevent them from working the piece. The regiment kept the front and participated in the charge which was made by the whole line in the afternoon. After being on picket all night the command was relieved about 8 o'clock on the next morning.

The following are the casualties: Commissioned officers-killed, 1; wounded, 3. Enlisted men-killed, 4; wounded, 35; missing, 6. Aggregate,5 killed, 38 wounded, and 6 missing.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

W. C. MOEGLING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant T. ROBERTS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 18th Army Corps.

Numbers 275. Report of Brigadier General Edward W. Hinks, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations June 15-19.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

Near Point of Rocks, Va., June 20, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit my report of operations under the provisions of the following order of the major-general commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina, to wit:

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, Va., June 14., 1864.

General HINKS:

You will report with your force in such position that you will be ready to move with General Smith just before daybreak. You will report personally to him at Broadway at 2 a.m. precisely. I think he will not keep you waiting. General Smith will march on the City Point road.

BENJ. F. BUTLER.

Major-General, Commanding.

