
Suffolk stage road on the left, and extending to the right beyond Peebles' house, and directed the skirmishing line to keep up a constant fire upon the gunners in the enemy's works. This position was gained at about 11 a.m. I now directed Colonel Duncan, with Captain Angel, to bring a portion of our guns into position to bear upon the enemy's works, if possible. This was found to be impracticable, on account of the complete sweeping cross-fire maintained by the enemy's batteries upon every portion of the crest, until later in the day, when a section was pushed into position to the right of Peebles' house and another section to the left of the house. At about 2 p.m. by direction of General Smith, the line was extended to the right to connect with General Brook's line near the point of woods, after which no material change was made in the disposition of troops until preparations were made for the final charge. The enemy kept up an unremitting and very accurate and severe fire of artillery upon my position from the batteries now known as Batteries Nos. 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10. At about 5 o'clock I was informed by General Smith that he intended to charge the works with the skirmish line, and directed me to cause the proper disposition to be made to advance as soon as General Brook's line commenced to advance. I immediately directed the skirmish line to be strengthened and sufficiently advanced to gain the most favorable position for the purpose, and to drive in all of the enemy's sharpshooters. At about 7 o'clock an aide from General Smith informed me that the general had directed him to say that General Brooks would be in motion by the time that he (the aide) could reach me, and I, therefore, immediately ordered Colonels Duncan and Holman to commence the assault, which was executed with great gallantry and promptness, resulting in the carrying of all the works from Numbers 7 to Numbers 11 (five in number), and the capture of six guns, with caissons, prisoners, &amp;c. Shortly after the final assault the division was joined on the left by General Birney's division, of the Second Corps of the Army of the Potomac, with whom it occupied the works during the night. During the forenoon of the 16th instant my command was withdrawn to near the junction of the Spring Hill and City Point roads on the right, when I directed Colonel Holman, with his command, to picket the river from the right of General Martindale to the gun-boats, and held Duncan's brigade in reserve near the junction of the roads above referred to, employing heavy details to construct the batteries along the crest of the bluff near Walthall's, from which my guns were subsequently enabled to effectually silence the enemy's batteries across the river near Archer's.

On the 17th instant the Fifth and Sixth Regiments, of Duncan's brigade, were directed to report to General Martindalel-the former for picket duty, the latter for a reconnaissance. On the 18th I directed Duncan's brigade to report to General Martindale for temporary duty. On the 19th the division was relieved by General Russell's division was relieved by General Russell's division, of the Sixth Corps, and, marching over the pontoon, bridge near Spring Hill, went into camp during the afternoon near Point of Rocks.

By reason of severe indisposition, under which I was suffering when the movement commenced, and of injuries received by and accident during the fight on the morning of the 15th, aggravating disabilities arising from old wounds, I was physically unable to take so active a part in the operations before Petersburg as I desired to, and am under great obligations to the brigade commanders and the members of my staff for their individual efforts to sustain me, and especially are my aides-de-camp, Captain Thomas L. Livermore, Captain James H. Wickes, and Lieutenant R. N. Verplanck, deserving of the highest credit for the zeal,

