
gallantry, and intelligence with which they discharged the duties devolving upon them. Colonel J. H. Holman and Colonel S. A. Duncan, commanding brigades, acquitted themselves with great gallantry and credit during the operations of the 15th, and I heartily approve their commendations of the gallant and soldierly behavior of the officers serving under them, who are mentioned in their several reports, and the reports of regimental commanders, and especially refer to the gallant bearing and soldierly behavior of Colonel J. B. Kiddoo, Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops.

In the gallant and soldierly deportment of the troops engaged on the 15th instant under varying circumstances, the celerity with which they moved to the charge; the steadiness and coolness exhibited by them under heavy and long-continued fire; the impetuosity with which they sprang to the assault; the patient endurance of wounds, we have a sufficient proof that colored men, when properly officered, instructed, and drilled, will make most excellent infantry of the line, and may be used as such soldiers to great advantage.

Our losses were quite heavy of officers and men, as shown in the inclosed summary of casualties,marked A.* Among the wounded were Colonel H. S. Russell and Major Z. B. Adams, of the Fifth Massachusetts Cavalry, who fell while gallantly leading their regiment in the charge at Baylor's farm, and Lieutenant Colonel Nathan Goff, jr., of the Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops, who fell in the movement upon the enemy's works. Inclosed are copies of the reports of brigade and regimental commanders, and of my staff officers.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. W. HINKS.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 276. Report of Brigadier General Joseph B. Carr, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations July 29-31.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

Near Petersburg, Va., August 3, 1864

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from headquarters Eighteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations of July 30, 1864:

On the 29th ultimo, agreeably to orders received from headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, I reported to Major-General Ord, commanding the Eighteenth Army Corps, for duty. I was assigned to the command of the Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps (U. S. Colored Troops), and temporarily assigned to the command of the First Division of the same corps, with instructions to visit the line of works occupied by the Ninth Army Corps, Major-General Burnside commanding, for the purpose of obtaining information as to the position I was to occupy with my command; which I did immediately. At 11 p.m. 29th ultimo my command was relieved by a portion of

---------------

*Not found, but see table compiled from nominal lists from June 15 to 30, 1864, pp. 236, 237.

---------------

