
in calling the attention of the colonel commanding to the gallantry and skill of Major Cook while in command of the skirmish line in my front, and for his daring in attacking a heavy work with a line of skirmishers.

A list of casualties will be forwarded with this report.*

J. B. KIDDOO.

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant VANNINGS.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 278. Report of Colonel Alexander Piper, Tenth New York Heavy Artillery, Chief of Artillery, of operations July 30
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, 18TH ARMY CORPS,August 6, 1864

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the artillery of the Eighteenth Army Corps on July 30:

Instructions had been given on the evening of the 29th for those batteries in position to open fire on the enemy at a given signal, the signal being the explosion of the mine on Burnside's front. The batteries on the left of the line were directed to open on those batteries and troops of the enemy who might have a cross or enfilading fire on our advancing forces, but to be very careful that they did not interfere with our progress. The remaining batteries of the line were directed to open generally, and by annoying the enemy divert his attention from the threatened point. Captain Burton and Captain Dow, First Connecticut Artillery, were directed at first to open on Petersburg, to prevent,if possible, the assembling by them of re-enforcements. Major Trumbull, First Connecticut Artillery, had a general charge of the mortars and siege guns of the line. The instructions were strictly carried out, and a heavy fire for some two hours was kept up from the front of this corps. The batteries were arranged as follows, commencing on the left: On the extreme left of the line was a battery of five Coehorn mortars, commanded by Lieutenant Andrews, First Connecticut Artillery; next on the right, about 200 yards distant, was a battery of four Coehorn mortars, commanded by Captain Gould, Fourth New York Artillery. Immediately on the right of this was a battery of two 8-inch mortars commanded by Lieutenant Sargeant, First Connecticut Artillery. About fifty yards on the right was a battery of two Coehorns, under charge of Captain Gould, Fourth New York Artillery. At the Hare house, about fifty yards to the right, was a battery of five light 12-pounders, commanded by Captain Anthony, Seventeenth New York Battery; four 8-inch mortars, Lieutenant Jackson, First Connecticut Artillery; two 20-pounder Parrotts of Ashby's battery (E, Third New York Artillery). About 700 yards to the right was a battery of three Coehorn mortars, Lieutenant Williams, First Connecticut Artillery; two light 12-pounders of Riggs' (H, Third New York Artillery). About 200 yards to the right, near the railroad (City Point), was a battery of two Coehorns, Lieutenant Beers, First Connecticut Artillery; three light 12-pounders of Riggs' (H, Third New York) battery. About 200 yards on the right was a battery of six 3-inch rifles of Angel's

---------------

*Not found, but see table, p. 237, embracing casualties from June 15 to 30, 1864.

---------------

