
battery (K, Third New York). About 300 yards on the right and across Harrison's Creek was a battery of three 30-pounder Parrotts and four 8-inch mortars, under charge of Captain Dow, First Connecticut Artillery. On the plain in front of corps headquarters was Howell's battery, six 10-pounder Parrotts.. One the ridge on right of corps headquarter was Burton's (First Connecticut) battery of three 30-pounder Parrotts. On the railroad near the Spring Hill crossing was a 13-inch mortar, under charge of Captain Osborne, First Connecticut Artillery. At the Walthall house were two 20-pounder Parrotts of Ashby's battery (E, Third New York Artillery). At the Rushmore house was Brigham's battery, First Connecticut Artillery, four 30-pounder Parrotts. The light batteries of the corps not mentioned by name were prepared, but were not called on to take part in the firing. It is reported by deserters that one shell from the 13-inch mortar dismounted a gun in the battery known as the Chesterfield Battery; another struck in the works, killing and wounding from 8 to 10 men.

The following is the amount of ammunition expended during the day: By the light batteries, 155 solid shot, 361 shell, 161 spherical case, and 6 canister; by the heavy batteries and mortars, 1,093 shell.

The casualties in the artillery of the corps for the 30th were 2 men wounded, viz: Battery H, Third New York Artillery, 1; 8-inch mortar battery, First Connecticut Artillery, 1.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PIPER,

Colonel Tenth New York Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

Brigadier-General HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 279. Report of Lieutenant Michael Leahy, Battery B, First U. S. Artillery of operations June 20-26.

CAMP OF HORSE BATTERY B, FIRST U. S. ARTILLERY,

July 1, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Horse Battery B, First U. S. Artillery, attached to Cavalry Division, during raid through part of this State under you command:

The battery left camp at 1.30 a.m. on the 20th of June and halted on Spring Hill until the cavalry came up a short time after daybreak. All then advanced until about 11 a.m. when the command was halted for the day. The battery was not engaged in any way until the afternoon of the 25th, when an attempt was made to burn the railroad bridge over the Staunton River, on the Petersburg and Danville Railroad. The battery shelled the bridge and the enemy's works for several hours. The attempt failed and the command commenced falling back to our line before Petersburg. Our progress was uninterrupted until reaching the vicinity of Stony Creek, when our advance became engaged with the enemy. We succeeded in passing to the left while the enemy were occupied by General Wilson's command and marched all night. We met the enemy about 9 a.m. near Reams' Station, on the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad. My right section was placed in

