
position in a large field at a distance of about 700 yards from the enemy, who was in the act of charging our line at the time; we opened on him with canister and he was driven back. The left section had in the mean time been placed in position about 800 yards to the right and rear of the right section. These positions were held for about two hours, when the right section joined the left. At this time Battery K, First U. S. Artillery, was in position on our left, both batteries being formed in echelon, forming nearly a half circle, enabling the fire to be changed to any direction with but little maneuvering. The batteries opened on a bend of woods at about 1,100 yards' distance, bursting the shells on the margin of the woods. This position remained unchanged for about three hours, when heavy firing was heard on the left and at the same time in the rear. It was quite apparent that we were completely surrounded. At this time orders arrived to limber up and get the battery out on a road somewhere. Acting under these orders, I limbered up and followed the column, which, to my surprise, was retreating, with the cavalry in front, the artillery bringing up the rear without any support. We finally got a support, who remained with us until we came to a creek, which could not be easily passed with artillery. Every exertion was made to get our pieces over in quick time, but our support, without firing a shot, or in the least attempting to check the enemy's advance (so as to give us a chance), broke and ran, crushing in before the pieces and choking up the only way to get the battery out. Seeing that every chance was gone I reluctantly ordered the pieces to be spiked and the horses unhitched. My orders were most effectually carried out; the guns were rendered useless to the enemy, solid shot being rammed into the bore by handspikes; also spiked in the usual manner.

My men behaved with great coolness, remaining with the pieces until the enemy were within fifty or seventy-five yards of them.

My loss in material consists of 4 3-inch rifled guns, 4 caissons for same implements and equipments, about 150 rounds of ammunition, 71 horses, 16 sets lead harness for two horses, 8 sets wheel harness for two horses, 2 sets ambulance harness, 14 sets wheel ambulance. Most of my horses were lost through being completely worn out by the severe work they had during the raid. Thirty-two of my men are missing. I have present for duty enlisted men, 39; commissioned officers, 1.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LEAHY,

Second Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery.,

Brigadier-General KAUTZ.

Commanding Cavalry Division, in the Field.

Numbers 280. Reports of Brigadier General August V. Kautz, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, of operations June 15-30.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION.

Near Point of Rocks, Va., June 20, 1864.

MAJOR: I herewith submit my report of the operations of the Cavalry Division in the advance upon Petersburg on the 15th and 16th instant, together with the sub-reports of regimental and brigade commanders:

The command, consisting of portions of the Eleventh and Fifth Pennsylvania, Third New York, First District of Columbia, First New York

