
within the intrenchments, except the First New York Mounted Rifles,

which was directed to report to General Smith, from which no report has been received.

The following is a summary of our losses on the expedition:

Command.	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

First Brigade	 2	 17	 3	 22

Second Brigade	 4	 13	 2	 19

Fourth Wisconsin	 -	 2	 -	 2

Battery

Total	 6	 32	 5	 43

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ.

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.

Major R. S DAVIS.

Asst. Adjt. General Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina.

JUNE 29, 1864-9.30 p.m.

GENERAL; I have to report that my division, and a portion of General Wilson's division, has just arrived here. Our expedition was very successful until this afternoon, when we were surrounded and overpowered and had to abandon our transportation, wounded, and prisoners. I escaped with my division by taking it through the woods and charging across the railroad. General Wilson has probably gone back to go around by way of Jarratt's Station. The fight occurred near Reams' Station, on the Halifax road.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ.

Brigadier-General.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION.

Camp near Jones' Neck, Va., July 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to submit my report of the operations of the division under my command in the expedition to destroy the Richmond and Danville Railroad.

I reported to General Wilson, in obedience to orders of the lieutenant-general, on the 21st ultimo, with my command, composed of the First and Second Brigades, under Colonels West and Spear, composed of the Fifth Pennsylvania and Third New York Cavalry and the Eleventh Pennsylvania and First District of Columbia Cavalry, respectively,in all 2,414 officer and men. Lieutenant Leahy, commanding Elder's battery, First U. S. Artillery,was also attached to my command.

At 2 a.m. on the morning of the 22nd my command took the advance and marched to Reams' Station, on the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, having driven the enemy's pickets from near the Jerusalem plank road, a distance of five miles. I learned from captured pickets that

