
The various members of the staff of the division performed their duties with the greatest zeal and credit to themselves. Copies of reports of brigade and regimental commanders are herewith submitted, with full lists of casualties,and a summary of the losses in the division:

Troops	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

First Brigade:

5th Pennsylvania Cavalry	 1	 3	 165	 169

3rd New York Cavalry	 2	 1	 82	 85

Second Brigade:

11th Pennsylvania	 18	 32	 115	 165

Cavalry

1st District of Columbia	 8	 42	 68	 118

Cavalry

Battery B, 1st	 -	 -	 32	 32

U. S. Artillery

Total	 29	 78	 462	 569

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry

Captain L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 281. Report of Colonel Robert M. West, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, of operations June 21-30.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, KAUTZ'S CAVALRY DIVISION.

Near Jones' Landing, Va., July 1, 1864.

SIR; I have the honor to submit herewith my report of the operations of this brigade during the recent movement:

On the 21st of June I marched from my camp near the breast-works at daylight, crossed the pontoon bridge, and proceeded to the vicinity of Mount Sinai Church, where the division formed a junction with General Wilson.

On the 22nd I moved at 3 a.m., following the Second Brigade, passed Reams' Station, on the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, thence, via Dinwiddie Court-House, to the Petersburg and Lynchburg Railroad, which was struck at Sutherland's Station. That station was destroyed by the Second Brigade. My brigade continued on down the road to Ford's Station, where we encamped for the night and sent out a strong party to destroy the track, &amp;c.

On the 23rd marched at 2 a.m., still following the Second Brigade past Blacks and Whites Station, and through Nottoway Court-House to Burkeville, where we encamped for the night. Here I was ordered to destroy the Richmond branch of the railroad uniting at this point. I at once sent out a detail of 600 men, who worked vigorously until midnight, when they were relieved by the remainder of my effective force. The latter detail worked until the hour for marching. I destroyed effectually two miles and a half of this road. The work was very hard, owing to the scarcity in some places of fence rails or other dry wood, and also to the great weight of the track, about one mile of which we overturned and burned completely up.

