
to fall to the rear of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry. I brought my regiment off the field through the woods in good order, under a heavy fire, until I reached a narrow dirt road (before reaching the railroad), fire, until I reached a narrow dirt road (before reaching the railroad), when the enemy fired on a column of men with led horses, and they broke through my column. The consequence was a general confusion. But I soon formed them into column again and then crossed the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, about three miles above Stony Creek. After crossing the railroad I had several skirmishers with the enemy, but I finally succeeded in gaining the cross-road, where I found General Kautz. We marched and bivouacked inside of our lines.

June 30 we arrived in camp at 4 p.m.

Loss in missing-2 captains, 6 lieutenants, and 229 enlisted men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. WILLSON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

First Lieutenant I. H. PUTNAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The missing are constantly rejoining the regiment at this camp.

Numbers 284. Reports of Colonel Samuel P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 15-30.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE.

In the Field, June 17, 1864

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of your instructions of this date, I have the honor to inform you that the following is a correct report of the operations of my brigade on the 15th and 16th instant:

My brigade crossed the Appomattox River on the pontoon bridge between 1 and 2 o'clock on the morning of the 15th instant, marched out about three miles, then halted until 5 o'clock, then marched in the direction of Petersburg, met the enemy's pickets at 6 o'clock and the advance was ordered to charge them, which they did, driving them into their works. I immediately deployed the First District of Columbia Cavalry as skirmishers on right and left of the road and advanced with them to within about 800 yards of the enemy's works, when they opened upon us with two pieces of artillery and a heavy musketry fire. I held my position until ordered to fall back by the brigadier-general commanding division, then joined the main column, marching in the direction of the Prince George road, marched to the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad, took, the road leading to the right, there met about fifty rebel cavalry, which the advance squadron of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry charged, driving them back until our men came within range of the enemy's guns from their earth-works, when I halted them and awaited orders from the brigadier-general commanding. When the orders were received they were to advance my brigade on the left of the road as skirmishers, which I did, keeping on a line as near as possible with the First Brigade on the right. I advanced to within about 1,500 yards of the enemy's works, the enemy opening upon my line with artillery. I held my position until about 4 o'clock, when I fell back to my horses, by order of the general commanding, then marched back to near General

