
W. F. Smith's corps; there bivouacked all night. At 5.30 o'clock on the morning of the 16th marched out in the direction of Petersburg, arriving near Major-General Smith's headquarters at 9 o'clock, halted until 11 o'clock, when I received orders to move; did so, marching out to the Prince George road and down the Prince George road to Birchett's house, where I bivouacked, according to orders from the brigadier-general commanding, until 11 o'clock at night, when we again marched in the direction of camp, crossing the pontoon bridge on the Appomattox River about 2.30 and reached camp about 3.15 o'clock on the morning of the 17th.

Inclosed are lists of casualties* and the reports of my regimental commanders.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

S. P. SPEAR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain M. J. ASCH.

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General Kautz's cavalry Division.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE.

In the Field, near Jones' Landing, Va., July 1, 1864.

Pursuant to orders from the general commanding division, my brigade left camp on the morning of the 21st of June, crossed the pontoon bridge at 4.30, marched out to Mount Sinai Church, reaching there at 10.30, bivouacked until 2 a.m. 22d, took line of march (my brigade in advance) toward Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, reaching Reams' Station at 7.30 a.m. driving in enemy's pickets. At the station we destroyed railroad buildings, a portion of the track, and thirteen dirt cars; marched on to Dinwiddie Court-House, halted near one hour, and marched toward Ford's Depot, on the South Side Railroad, reaching there about 5.30 p.m.; founds two locomotives and eighteen platform and other cars, all of which were destroyed, with a great quantity of track. The men were kept at work destroying the railroad until near 12 o'clock at night, then bivouacked until morning of the 23d. At 1.30 line of march was again taken up, my brigade in the advance; marched along the South Side Railroad, passing Wilson's at 4 a.m., Blacksand Whites at 6.30 (there destroyed one car and water-tank); reached Nottoway Court-House at 10.30; halted a short time, and then marched on to junction of South Side, Lynchburg and Richmond and Danville Railroads, reaching there at 3 p.m. Immediately put my brigade (pursuant to instructions from the general commanding division) to work destroying the Lynchburg railroad above the Junction, which was done effectually for nearly five miles, men working until midnight, then bivouacked until 4 a.m. morning of the 24th, when the general commanding division ordered my brigade to remain and destroy the Junction, which was done effectually, taking me over an hour to do it. I then marched in rear of First Brigade along the Danville railroad, reaching Price's Station at 7.30,where the First Brigade was halted and at work destroying the road above the station. I destroyed it below the station for two miles, marched on up the road, reaching Meherrin Station at 9 a.m. destroying the road effectually along the route nearly all the way and at the station. Marched to Keysville Station, reaching there at 1.30, destroying the track between the two stations on our way. At Keysville bivouacked for the night. Men were at work on the road until near midnight.

---------------

*Not found, but see table embodied in Kautz's report, p. 730.

---------------

