
Saturday, 25th, marched on up the railroad, reaching Drake's Branch Station at 9 a.m. destroying the road as on previous days; halted for two hours, then marched on toward Roanoke Station, on the Staunton River, reaching it at 5 p.m., when the enemy immediately opened upon us with artillery from an earth-work on the opposite side of the river-bank, also from the bridge with heavy musketry. I immediately dismounted Nos. 1,2, and 3 of my command deployed them as skirmishers to the left of the railroad, and advanced under heavy fire of musketry and artillery to within good rifle-range, when I halted and opened upon the enemy. I held my position until compelled to fall back by the superior force of enemy and their being protected by earth-works, while my men were exposed to all their fire. I fell back about 200 yards and then held my position until the men were nearly out of ammunition, when I fell back to the depot. After getting ammunition and resting the men, I was again sent out to the same position, to hold it during the night, which I did until all of General Wilson's division and the First Brigade of General Kautz's division had been withdrawn, when I withdrew to the depot, destroying the same and railroad, and marched away in good order at 5 a.m., June 26; passed Christianville at 7.30 p.m. The rear of my brigade (First District of Columbia Cavalry) were attacked by small parties of rebels about 5 p.m., but were successfully repulsed. Halted at 2 o'clock morning of 27th, and bivouacked until 6.30, when we again marched, making several halts during the day. Crossed Meherrin River at 8.45 and reached Price's farm at 10.30 p.m.where we bivouacked all night. Smoky Ordinary at 10 reaching and crossing the Nottoway bridge at 4 p.m.; halted for a short time, moved on toward Stony Creek Station; General Wilson's division attacked by enemy at the last-named station. My brigade (Kautz's division) sent in advance toward Reams' Station; marched all night, reaching a position within half a mile of Reams' on the morning of the 29th about 6 o'clock. Enemy immediately opened upon the advance with artillery, driving them back to the main column. I at once ordered the advance the advance regiment (Eleventh Pennsylvania) to form in a field a little to the rear and left of the main road, and the carbineers, about twenty to a company, to dismount and advance as skirmishers, while the mounted portion of the regiment was kept in position ready for a charge upon the enemy should they advance. The First District of Columbia Cavalry, being all armed with rifles, were all dismounted, with the exception of Numbers 4, to hold the horses, and advanced as skirmishers. Just as the First District of Columbia got into position the Alabama Brigade (rebel), Colonel Sanders commanding, charged upon my skirmish line, when the mounted portion of Eleventh [Pennsylvania] and First District of Columbia,dismounted charged them, driving them back under cover of the woods. In the charge the Eleventh captured a large number of prisoners belonging to several different Alabama regiments. I held my first position for about two hours and until forced back to a new line by the enemy trying to turn the left flank. The command was so much exhausted that it was almost an impossibility to keep them from falling asleep while on the skirmish line. They were compelled to fall back until near the artillery, but still nobly fought the foe. By this time the order had been given by General Wilson to cut loose from everything and save, if possible, the men and horses. The general commanding division held his position until a large portion of General Wilson's division, who were in our rear, were driven in upon us by

