
Numbers 287. Report of Lieutenant William P. Powers, Fourth Wisconsin Battery, of operations July 27-30.

CAMP FOURTH WISCONSIN LIGHT BATTERY.

Near Jones' Landing, Va., August 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following record of the operations of one section of the Fourth Wisconsin Battery, equipped as horse artillery, under my command in the late movement at Deep Bottom:

We left camp, with the Cavalry Division under General Kautz, at daylight on Wednesday morning, the 27th of July. Crossed the James River at Deep Bottom at 10 a.m., and camped about a mile from the river until the following morning at 10, when the division moved toward Malvern Hill, at the foot of which we met the enemy in some force. A sharp skirmish ensued, during which, though under fire, we were not engaged. The enemy was repulsed. In my section 1 man and 2 horses were wounded. A line of battle was formed on Malvern Hill, front which we marched at about 1 o'clock on Friday morning to the ground occupied by us on the first night, where we remained until daylight. Here one horse, with saddle, bridle, and blanket, escaped from the section and was lost-probably picked up by the cavalry.

At noon of Friday, the 29th, we were formed in line of battle, with Sheridan's cavalry near to and with both flanks resting on the river, where we remained until the following morning at daybreak, when the division returned to camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. POWERS,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Wisconsin Battery .

Captain GEORGE B. EASTERLY.

Commanding Fourth Wisconsin Battery.

Numbers 288. Report of Lieutenant Dorman L. Noggle, Fourth Wisconsin Battery, of operations July 30-August 1.

CAMP DETACHMENT FOURTH WISCONSIN BATTERY,

Near Light-House Point, August 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the evening of July 30, 1864, I left camp near Jones' Landing with one section of the battery, accompanying the cavalry expedition under General Kautz. We marched all night, arriving at the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad about 4 a.m. July 31. Remained there two hours, then crossed the railroad and proceeded to Lee's Mill, where I placed my two guns in position, but did not fire any. On the morning of August 1 received orders to move with the cavalry which returned to near Light-House Point, where we went into camp and remained until joined by the center section under your command.

Respectfully,yours

D. L. NOGGLE,

Second Lieutenant Commanding Detachment Fourth Wisconsin Battery.

Captain GEORGE B. EASTERLY.

Commanding Fourth Wisconsin Battery.

