
the whole towed to the vessel. While engaged in this we discovered a white signal waving from a point about a mile below. I immediately took the gig and with Lieutenant Nelson proceeded to learn the meaning of the signal. We found it was made by three white refugees from Richmond, named Sidney H. Jefferds. B. W. Jordan, and Frank D. Briquit. I took them on board the cutter, and on regaining the vessel immediately got under way.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. FITCH.

Captain, Commanding U. S. Steamer Parke.

Brigadier-General. GRAHAM.

Commanding Naval Brigade.

Numbers 290. Report of Brigadier General John J. Abercrombie, U. S. Army, of operations June 20.*

WHITE HOUSE, June 20, 1864-4 p.m.

This place was attacked at 7 o'clock this morning by Hampton's division cavalry and artillery. So far I have foiled all their attempts to get into the depot. About an hour ago one of their caissons exploded. There has been no firing from them since. The head of General Sheridan's column is in sight. But 2 or 3 wounded in my com-command. General G. W. Getty has just arrived.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General SETH WILLIAMS.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES

Numbers 10. White House, Va., June 20, 1864.

The undersigned hereby relinquishes the command of the troops at this station to Brigadier General George W. Getty. In doing so he avails himself of this opportunity of expressing his high appreciation of the services of his staff in their respective positions, tendering, his sincere thanks to Captain Charles A. Babcock and the officers of the Navy for the very efficient aid and support to the land forces in the persistent attack on the post to-day by the enemy.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 291. Report of Captain Christian Woerner, Third New Jersey Battery, of operations June 20.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW JERSEY BATTERY.

In Camp, near White House Landing, Va., June 21, 1864

SIR: I respectfully report that the rebels yesterday morning, about 6.30 o'clock, drove our pickets to within thirty yards in front of our line

---------------

*See also reports of Acting Rear-Admiral S. P. Lee, Lieutenant Commander Charles A. Babcock, and Acting Master N. Graham in Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

