
a route farther removed from our position. The enemy's infantry was attacked this afternoon on the west side of the Jerusalem plank road and driven from his first line of works to his second on that road by General Mahone with a part of his division. About 1,600 prisoners 4 pieces of artillery, 8 stand of colors, and a large number of small-arms were captured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON.

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

PETERSBURG, June 22, 1864-2 p.m.

From all I can learn the enemy's cavalry (Wilson's, Spear's and Kautz's) are moving through Dinwiddie inquiring the road to Burkeville and the High Bridge on the South Side Railroad. They are followed by one brigade from this army. Let General Kemper collect what reserves he can at the threatened points at once.

R. E. LEE.

General B. BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

June 24, 1864-9 p.m.

SIR: Yesterday the enemy made a demonstration with infantry upon the Weldon railroad, but before he had done much damage was driven back by General Mahone with a portion of his command. About 600 prisoners and 28 commissioned officers were taken, most of whom were captured by Perry's (Florida) brigade. This morning the enemy was felt on both flanks, and a part of one of General Hoke's brigades entered his works. Not being supported they were unable to hold the position, and retired with few casualties but losing the advance line, which had succeeded in entering the enemy's intrenchments. A small number of prisoners was taken, but the enemy's loss is supposed to have been slight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE.

General.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

Richmond, Va.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

June 25, 1864-9 p.m.

SIR: Our entire loss yesterday morning was 97 killed and wounded and 209 missing. Nothing of moment has occurred to-day on the lines in front of Bermuda Hundred and around Petersburg. General Hampton reports that the enemy's cavalry advanced to Nance's Shop and intrenched themselves there. He attacked them and drove them from their works, pursuing them until 9 p.m. to within two miles

