
toward Lawrenceville by way of Brentsville, and a part of them encamped last night about eight miles northwest of the former place. They appear to be making their way back to the main body of the army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond.

DUNN'S HILL, NEAR PETERSBURG, June 29, 1864-8.30 p. m.

SIR: General Hampton reports that he attacked the enemy's cavalry yesterday afternoon on their return from Staunton River bridge this side of Sappony Church, and drove them beyond that point. The fight continued during the night, and at daylight this morning he turned their left and routed them. When they reached Reams' Station they were confronted by a portion of Mahone's division, who attacked them in front, while their left flank was turned by General Fitz. Lee's cavalry. The enemy was completely routed and several pieces of artillery, with a number of prisoners, wagons, ambulances, &amp;c., captured. The cavalry are in pursuit.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Petersburg, July 1, 1864.

General Beauregard reports a feeble demonstration made by enemy on a portion of General Johnson's lines about 5 p. m. yesterday. His skirmishers, supported by two lines of troops, drove in our skirmishers, which were re-established at dark. In the various conflicts with the enemy's cavalry in their late expedition against the railroads, besides their killed and wounded left on the field, over 1,000 prisoners, 13 pieces of artillery, 30 wagons and ambulances, many small-arms, horses, ordnance stores, and several hundred negroes taken from the plantations on their route were captured.

R. E. LEE,General.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

DUNN'S HILL, July 30, 1864-3.25 p. m.

At 5 a. m. the enemy sprung a mine under one of the salients on General B. R. Johnson's front and opened his batteries upon our lines and the city of Petersburg. In the confusion caused by the explosion of the mine he got possession of the salient. We have retaken the salient and driven the enemy back to his lines with loss.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

