
ADDENDA.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VA., August 1, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith three stand of colors captured from the enemy in the action of the 30th instant [ultimo] by the following-named soldiers of this command: Patrick Sweeney, Company A, Fifty-ninth Virginia Volunteers, one stand; Henry Moore, Company A, Fifty-ninth Virginia Volunteers, one stand; J. W. Connelly, Company F, Twenty-second South Carolina Volunteers, one stand.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, August 20, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded in connection with letter of 13th of August forwarding the colors mentioned within.

For General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 294. Report of Brigadier General William N. Pendleton, C. S. Army, Chief of Artillery, Army of Northern Virginia.

HDQRS. ARTY. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, February 28, 1865.

COLONEL: *

On the 17th [June] Kershaw's division, First Corps, with Cabell's battalion, and the Third Corps, with its artillery, which had encamped the previous day near Chaffin's Bluff, crossed James River on the pontoon bridge near Drewry's, and proceeded toward Petersburg.

On June 18, while Pickett's division, with Huger's battalion, was left to hold the line fronting Bermuda Hundred from Howlett's, on James River, to the confluence of Swift Creek with the Appomattox-a line which, with Cabell's battalion, assigned there a day or two later, they have since held in almost unbroken quiet, notwithstanding the close proximity of the enemy in large force-the other troops were placed on the lines for the defense of Petersburg on the east and south of that city, where the enemy was pressing heavily.

General Beauregard having with his limited force on the 17th engaged the enemy in very large numbers on the east of Petersburg, and maintained the same contest, unequal as it was, so successfully as to preserve the city, found himself, however, unable to hold the extended outer line of works on that side, and therefore during the night fell

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted) covering operations from May 4 to June 17, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 1036.

---------------

