
BOGGS' BATTALION.a

Major BOGGS.

Sturdivant's battery ........................................ 2

Martin's battery ............................................ 4

----

Total ....................................................... 6

Of this artillery a portion of Coit's battalion, Bradford's three guns (20-pounder Parrotts), and Wright's battery were on the morning of June 18 placed in position on the north side of the Appomattox to sweep with an enfilade fire the left of General Beauregard's new line on the south of and resting on the river. The other guns were posted on that line and at commanding points in its rear to aid in the defense. They were nearly all effectively engaged on that day (18th) in repelling the attempts of the enemy on their front, reaching from the river to near the Baxter road.

On the right of General Beauregard's forces those of the First Corps, Army of Northern Virginia, took position as they arrived, and on the night of 18th Gibbes' battalion and a portion of Haskell's were placed on the line from near the Baxter road to the Rives house under a severe fire of sharpshooters, Haskell's other guns being adjusted at commanding points on a second line in rear. The guns of the Third Corps were assigned position on the line to the right of those of the First Corps, Richardson's battalion occupying the salient at the junction of the new line with the old works, known as the Rives Salient, and the others, including the Louisiana Washington Artillery Battalion, were ordered to co-operate with Third Corps, being arranged farther round to the south and west, extending to and covering the Weldon railroad.

The following day (June 19) the general chief of artillery having, under instructions from the commanding general, after special reconnaissances with General Beauregard, selected positions on the north side of the Appomattox affording an enfilade fire upon the lines of the enemy, a number of guns, principally rifles, were assigned to that service. They consisted of the rifles of Lane's battalion, with Penick's battery, of Richardson's battalion, fortified on a commanding eminence at the Archer house; Chew's and Clutter's rifles, of McIntosh's battalion, under Major Johnson, on a lower point, half a mile higher up the river, and Poague's battalion, under Captain Utterback, on the line still higher up, already held by Bradford's and Wright's guns.

On the morning of the 20th these guns opened upon the enemy with such power-from their number and from the direction in which they struck flank and reverse-as to produce much confusion in his ranks and compel him to effect a sudden change of position. Additional guns, among them several 30-pounder Parrotts and 12-pounder Whitworths, were subsequently posted near the Archer house to enable the armament there to hold its ground against the tremendous efforts of the enemy to silence it. These guns were opened upon the enemy whenever his infantry appeared and when his shells were thrown into the city. Batteries erected in every available position on the opposite side and armed with their most formidable guns and mortars were plied with fierceness and constancy against this armament-a sufficient proof of the efficiency with which it disturbed the enemy's operations and frustrated his plans.

aThis battalion formed only June 17. Its batteries separately engaged in operating near Petersburg from Butler's advance May 5. Captain Sturdivant captured in works carried by the enemy June 15, with two pieces.

