
Colonel Cutts, who were commanded; subordinate commanders who co-operated with him, and the men who toiled at the substantial works rendered necessary by the extraordinary force of artillery hurled against them, and worked their guns notwithstanding to such good purpose, deserve honorable mention for their services at this point. Lieutenant L. G. Rees, of Ross' battery, a gallant and meritorious officer, fell here. Lieutenant James, of the same battery, was severely wounded. Some men were also killed or disabled. The guns to the right of these and on the same side of the river co-operated with them to excellent effect in annoying the enemy and protecting our main line. Along that line, on General Beauregard's entire front and on most of that held by the First Corps, sharpshooting and cannonading were ceaseless and severe, and on several salient points the enemy, who had pressed up his skirmish line very near our breast-works, brought to bear an annoying mortar practice. To counteract this and otherwise damage our assailants recourse was also had to mortars on our side. Of these, consisting chiefly of 24-pounder Coehorns, the supervision was, with characteristic zeal, undertaken by General Alexander. They were so placed as most effectually to protect the exposed points of our line and at the same time annoy that of the enemy. Their number and weight were gradually increased until the defense of this part of our works included twenty-seven mortars (12-pounder and 24-pounder and 8-inch) on General Beauregard's front, and thirteen of like caliber on that beyond the Rives Salient. A few heavier guns were also added to the armament on these fronts and an interior line arranged to cover exposed points. The Horse Artillery had during this interval continued active with the cavalry.

On the 20th Thomson's, Hart's, Shoemaker's, and Johnston's batteries were engaged the entire day at the White House, although the enemy brought to bear both gun-boats and field batteries. McGregor's battery participated in General W. H. F. Lee's engagement with Wilson at the Davis house, on the Weldon railroad, on the 21st [22d], and in his subsequent pursuit of that raider.

On June 22 Mahone's division, Third Corps, having moved out of the works to attack the enemy's left, Lieutenant-Colonel McIntosh accompanied him with Dement's battery, under Lieutenant Gale. The batteries on the line were directed to co-operate by a combined fire upon the enemy's batteries and on his troops in the woods. At the proper time Dement's battery moved rapidly forward, took position near the enemy's works, and opened, when the infantry, under cover of this fire and of that from the batteries on our line, rushed forward and carried the enemy's intrenchments, capturing a number of prisoners and four pieces of artillery, which were brought off. A section of Clutter's battery, under Lieutenant Wilkes, was subsequently brought up and participated with distinguished spirit in the continuance of this successful affair.

On the 24th our guns opened by order along the entire line, those on the north of the Appomattox especially exerting their whole power with a view to a vigorous attack on the enemy's right. Circumstances prevented the full execution of the design, but the development of our artillery strength apparently exerted a wholesome influence upon the enemy.

On the 28th Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram accompanied Mahone's division to Reams' Station, on the Weldon railroad, with Brander's and Cayce's batteries, and during the day following used them effectively against Wilson's cavalry.

