
office, and that he said he got them from a steward of the Poplar Lawn Hospital, whose name he did not know, and he (the steward) said he got them from a soldier, wounded, who left them at the hospital. He did not know his name or regiment or company. I sent them with the escort of Captain Carter's body to G. W. Munford, Secretary of State of Virginia, at Richmond.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH AND TWENTY-FIFTH TENN. Regiment, June 21, 1864.

Captain WEIR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

In the formation of the line on the morning of 16th instant, the right of Johnson's brigade ran perpendicularly to and about twenty yards from the old works about half way between Batteries 14 and 15, leaving a space between the right of the brigade occupied by Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment and Battery 15 of about 100 yards. Colonel Fulton states that the interval between the Battery Numbers 15 and his right was to be filled by General Colston. The enemy about 5 p. m. made two charges. The first was repulsed when the second was bearing down upon the extreme right, moving right oblique. Myself and seventeen men moved into the interval between the right of Forty-fourth and Battery Numbers 15, and engaged the enemy, who was rapidly advancing. I deployed my men, covering about fifty yards of the interval. The enemy continued marching until they arrived within fifty yards of the work (our intrenchments, which I had but recently occupied). One of the colors was shot down six times. There was a ravine within about fifty yards of our intrenchments in which they laid down and commenced waving their handkerchiefs, and I ordered my men to cease firing and called upon them to surrender. They continued waving their hats and handkerchiefs. I still demanded their surrender. I then brought my men to a ready and told the enemy if they did not come in they would be again fired upon. The firing was again commenced and the enemy continued holding out, waving handkerchiefs, hats, &amp;c. I then with my men marched out of the works and demanded the surrender, which they did, and marched them inside of our works. I found another line was advancing rapidly, and I ordered the men (prisoners) to march up the line, which they did, and I got my men back into position and drove the enemy's line back. The line (ours) was so weak in this place that I made the prisoners enter the battery (Numbers 15), when they were taken by the Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment back to the rear. In order to show that I took the prisoners I retained three stand of colors captured with them, two of which were given to Corpl. L. W. Bush, of Company I, Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment, to take to brigade hospital for safe-keeping. Lieutenant Speck, of Twenty-fifth Tennessee Regiment, volunteered his services and took charge of one of the colors and carried them to Colonel Fulton, commanding brigade, who directed him to take "the colors" to the rear, which he failed to do, and was subsequently captured with the colors.

Very respectfully,

F. M. KELSO,

Second Lieutenant, Second Co., Forty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Tenn. Regiment

