
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S BRIGADE, June 21, 1864.

In pursuance of a note of this date received from division headquarters I have procured from Lieutenant Kelso the within statement of the time and manner in which the prisoners were captured on the evening of the 16th instant. I am cognizant of the facts in the case and approve his statements as in accordance therewith. Had Lieutenant Kelso not acted in the manner he did I am satisfied that the prisoners would not have been captured.

JOHN S. FULTON,Colonel, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, June 22, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

I understand that the two colors carried to the rear by Corporal Bush fell into the hands of Brigadier-General Wise, and were by him presented to Colonel G. W. Munford, Secretary of State of Virginia. I respectfully ask that these colors be returned to the Adjutant-General of the Confederate States. They are the property of the Confederate States and not of the State of Virginia. Lieutenant Kelso is the same officer who is mentioned for gallant conduct in my official report of the battle of Drewry's Bluff, on the 16th of May, 1864.

B. R. JOHNSON,Major-General, Commanding Division.

PETERSBURG, VA., June 22, 1864.

Colonel JOHN S. FULTON:

SIR: In reply to your note received a few minutes since concerning two stand of colors left in my hands by Corpl. L. W. Bush, Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment, I furnish you the following information: On the morning of the 17th Corporal Bush was admitted in Poplar Lawn Hospital in my ward, suffering from an injury received the previous evening. He had the above-mentioned colors and delivered them to me for safe-keeping. One was a large blue silk flag belonging to the One hundred and thirteenth New York Regiment; the other was a small triangular flag with a red club in its center. Corporal Bush informed me that Lieutenant F. M. Kelso, Company B, Forty-fourth Tennessee, was the captor of one; the other taken by some member of the same company. I kept the colors until compelled to leave the hospital we then occupied by the enemy's shells. Having no transportation for them I thought it best to deliver them to the commanding general, which I did through our druggist, together with the name of Lieutenant Kelso, the captor. I trust this may be satisfactory and that your command receive the credit due for its bravery and noble deeds.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. DREWRY,

Assistant Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.

P. S.-I neglected to mention that in a conversation with General Wise on yesterday he informed me that the colors had been sent to Richmond, and that he wished to know who left them with me, which I will let him know this evening as he wished the true captors to get the credit.

E. A. D.

