
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, June 23, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, with the request that the within be considered a portion of the communication (in regard to the captured colors) forwarded yesterday.

R. E. FOOTE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

(For Major-General Johnson.)

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VA., June 29, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, Near Petersburg, Friday, July 1, 1864.

COLONEL: In the absence of Major-General Johnson on the line I have the honor to submit the following report for the last twenty-four hours:

Brigadier-General Elliott reports that there has been no perceptible approach of the enemy's works within the last twenty-four hours. Colonel Faison, commanding Ransom's brigade, reports only the usual picket-firing in front of his line. His works are gradually being strengthened, the completion of which is somewhat delayed, however, on account of the scarcity of tools. General Cracie reports that he has been busily occupied in strengthening his line since yesterday, and thinks he can "hold his position against all that comes." In the afternoon of yesterday, about 5 p. m., the enemy advanced with a skirmish line and two lines of battle on that portion of the line in the woods between the railroad cut and the branch, General Cracie's skirmish line retiring. He opened upon the enemy with musketry, and soon repulsed them, they first throwing themselves upon the ground, and then retiring. During the engagement the enemy replied with musketry and artillery, doing but little injury with the former, but killing and wounding a few with the latter. At night General Gracie re-established his skirmish line and sent out scouts, the most reliable of whom report no change in the enemy's rifle-pits, and contradict the report that the enemy are erecting a battery in his front. He reports all quite at 7 a. m. this day.

The following list of casualties within the last twenty-four hours is respectfully submitted: Gracie's brigade, 5 killed, 17 wounded; Johnson's brigade, 2 killed, 11 wounded; Ransom's brigade, 1 killed, 6 wounded; Elliott's brigade, 4 killed, 5 wounded. Total, 12 killed, 39 wounded.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. FOOTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(For Major-General Johnson.)

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

N. B.-Colonel Keeble, Seventeenth and Twenty-third Tennessee Regiments, killed; Colonel John S. Fulton, Forty-fourth Tennessee Regi-

