HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 4, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report for the last twenty-four hours:

General Gracie reports unusual activity among the enemy in his front last night, and the commanding officer of Johnson's brigade thinks that he prevented the enemy from establishing a line of rifle-pits by the constant fire of his vedettes and pickets. Brigadier-General Elliott and Colonel Faison report nothing of interest, save that the fire from the enemy's pickets was brisker last night than it has been for some days. The two mortars and one mountain howitzer were placed in position near General Gracie's line last night.

The following list of casualties is respectfully submitted: Ransom's brigade, killed, 2; wounded, 1. Elliott's brigade, wounded, 5. Johnson's brigade, wounded, 1. Total, 2 killed and 7 wounded.

Brigadier-General Elliott keeps details at work by day on trench cavalier, and Wise's brigade furnishes the detail by night. Two hundred men of Wise's brigade worked last night in rear of Pegram's battery, and 100 men on the new battery near the left of Elliott's brigade, making chambers for two additional guns. [The whole second line in rear of Pegram's battery has been opened and can be occupied by troops.*] A part only is completed. Ransom's brigade had 200 men at work last night strengthening the batteries on its line; eighty men from the reserved regiment of Ransom's brigade were engaged last night on works for mortar batteries, &amp;c., in rear of Gracie's brigade. General Gracie reports his line ready to receive the enemy. The condition of the whole line of this division is very much improved and is in good condition, but will be still further improved. One-third of this division is required to be awake at all times, and the whole command until further orders will be placed under arms in the trenches at 2 a. m. every night.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. FOOTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(For Major-General Johnson.)

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 5, 1864.

COLONEL: Nothing of importance has occurred along the line during the last twenty-four hours. General Gracie reported clouds of dust in rear of the enemy's line which seemed to indicate the movement of troops toward the enemy's right. It might have only been the movement of wagons. His command is still engaged in making traverses; one well affording good water has been dug by the Forty-first Alabama and two more are nearly completed. Brigadier-General Elliott reports no change in his front. The work upon the batteries on Colonel Faison's line is nearly completed. He also reports that clouds of dust were seen in rear of the enemy's line yesterday evening.

---------------

*Clause in brackets is marked on the margin of Letter Book as "error."

---------------

