
The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Gracie's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 3. Johnson's brigade, wounded, 2. Ransom's brigade, wounded, 5. Elliott's brigade, killed, 3; wounded, 7. Total, 4 killed and 17 wounded.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 6, 1864.

COLONEL: The enemy were unusually quiet along the line last night. Colonel Goode, commanding Wise's brigade, relieved Brigadier-General Gracie's command at 8 o'clock last night. The trenches are reported in good condition and the work is being pushed steadily forward. Nothing of importance has occurred on General Elliott's line during the last twenty-four hours. He reports everything unusually quiet on the part of the enemy.

The following list of casualties is respectfully submitted: Ransom's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 1. Wise's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 2. Gracie's brigade, wounded, 3. Total, 2 killed and 6 wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,R. E. FOOTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(For Major-General Johnson.)

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 7, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that no change on the part of the enemy has occurred in my front during the past twenty-four hours. Abatis have been placed nearly along the entire front of Ransom's brigade; the front of Wise's brigade is obstructed both by abatis and wire fencing. While at Walthall Junction, in May last, an officer from Richmond reported to me with what he called "subterraneous torpedoes." I would respectfully suggest that these torpedoes might perhaps be used for the defense of our salients, and other points liable to attack. They doubtless can be obtained by application to Chief of Ordnance, at Richmond. I do not find that the duties of the provost guard are satisfactorily performed; some of the defects arise from the want of efficiency in officers or a want of industry and experience on their part; this I am endeavoring to correct in my command. I would suggest that patrols be each assigned to duty in certain districts, and that the system of posting sentinels be abandoned, or, if continued, that there be a regular line established along the plank road, as far as safety from the enemy's fire will permit, and that the line, when necessary, be deflected to the rear. I find men from different commands occupying many of the deserted houses in east part of Petersburg, and you cannot pass the streets without finding soldiers without passes. I am under the impres-

