HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 12, 1864.

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Gracie sent out a reliable man yesterday evening ostensibly for the purpose of exchanging newspapers, but with the real design of reconnoitering the enemy's works in his front. Upon his return the man reported that the enemy have a line of works thickly manned, varying in distance from our lines from 80 to 150 or 175 yards. He could see two lines, the farthest being 500 or 600 yards. There are no palisades, abatis, or wires in front of the nearest line, but the works are very strong. The men he represented as being clean and newly clothed. They were anxious to exchange papers, but were prohibited from doing so by their officers. General Gracie reports that the Forty-first Alabama Regiment has placed a wire fence along its front. His brigade now occupies the line until recently held by General Elliott's brigade. Colonel Faison, commanding Ransom's brigade, reports no change; the enemy annoy him with mortars and he is unable to reply, as there are no mortars along his line. Colonel Goode, commanding Wise's brigade, reports that his line is exposed to a murderous fire from mortars and field pieces; although this line is more exposed than any other, there is only one mortar in rear, and it cannot fire from want of ammunition. I would earnestly request that mortars be placed along this line, for without them we will suffer very heavily without inflicting a corresponding loss. If wooden mortars could be obtained they could be supplied with ammunition from the 12-pounder guns. I would earnestly request that decided and prompt measures be taken by engineer and artillery officers to protect the men in this part of the line. The engineer did not report at these headquarters yesterday to give the instructions about bomb-proofs, as proposed by the commanding general.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Wise's brigade, 2 killed, 23 wounded. Ransom's brigade, 3 wounded. Gracie's brigade, 1 killed, 1 wounded. Total, 3 killed, 27 wounded.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 13, 1864.

COLONEL: General Gracie reports no change no the part of the enemy in his front that can be observed; the sharpshooting along his line has been brisker than usual. He complains of the scarcity of tools, and requests that he be furnished with additional spades and picks; he also requests sand bags. I hope they will be furnished immediately if possible, as they are much needed by General Gracie and Colonel Goode, commanding Wise's brigade, Colonel Faison, commanding Ransom's brigade, reports nothing of interest on his line. Colonel Goode, commanding Wise's brigade, reports that the enemy were busily at work in the grove in front of the Thirty-fourth Virginia Regiment last night, and keep it up to some extent this morning. He does not know what they are constructing, but feels much anxiety about the matter. I take the following extract from his report:

The mortars at my command are still without ammunition, will be all day and perhaps a greater part of the night. This is certainly terrible, when it is remembered

