HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 20, 1864.

COLONEL: General Gracie reports that the enemy attempted to throw hand-grenades into his trenches, which fell fifteen yards short. He thinks that wooden mortars along his line would effectively prevent the enemy from using hand-grenades in the future. General Gracie again calls attention to the railroad cut. He thinks a piece of artillery of heavier caliber should be placed there, as it is a very weak point, and would probably be selected as a proper place to attack. He also suggests that subterraneous shells or torpedoes be placed in front of the railroad cut. Other brigade commanders report the situation unchanged. Major Boggs, of the artillery, reports that a gentleman named Zimmer-a citizen of Petersburg, of high respectability-reports that a citizen passed our line by the Baxter road (Field's division) this morning and saw no enemy; the brigade commanders of this division have since reported the enemy in front, as active as usual. It appears to me, however, that their fire has decreased.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Gracie's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 3. Ransom's brigade, wounded, 1 (carelessness). Elliott's brigade, wounded, 2. Wise's brigade, killed, 1. Total, 2 killed and 6 wounded.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 21, 1864.

COLONEL: No change has been observed on the part of the enemy since last report; the sharpshooting slackened yesterday, but toward night became as brisk as usual. General Gracie requests that the engineer be sent to his line to sink a mine, as digging, apparently at some depth, was heard in his front yesterday.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Elliott's brigade, wounded, 2. Ransom's brigade, killed, 1. Wise's brigade, killed, 1 (carelessly); wounded, 1. Gracie's brigade, wounded, 5 (2 carelessly). Total, 2 killed and 8 wounded.

The following is a statement of the amount of shells and lead picked up on yesterday: Wise's brigade, 10 shells and 5,300 balls. Elliott's brigade, 10 fuses, 2,300 bullets, 14 solid shot, 100 fragments shells, 5 Wiard shells, 5 shrapnel, and 9 Parrott shells. Ransom's brigade, 15 Hotchkiss shells and some lead.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 22, 1864.

COLONEL: Nothing unusual has occurred along the lines since last report. The trenches are reported to be in good condition again; the

