HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 25, 1864.

COLONEL: General Gracie reports that the enemy's sap-roller Numbers 2 advanced eight feet last night. He kept up a fire upon it, but says that "the artillery mortar batteries were so careful of their ammunition that they did not fire a shot during the night, until early this morning," although they have orders to keep up an irregular fire all the time. No change has been observed in the force or position of the enemy along the other portions of the line. Colonel McAfee, commanding Ransom's brigade, reports that the enemy seem to be throwing up a heavy work near Taylor's house. Four thousand one hundred and eighty-eight minie-balls, fifteen pounds of lead, a few shells, solid shot, and a number of fragments were collected and turned over to the ordnance officer yesterday.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Gracie's brigade, killed, 2; wounded, 1. Wise's brigade, wounded, 2. Ransom's brigade, wounded, 2. Elliott's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 4. Total, 3 killed and 9 wounded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 26, 1864.

COLONEL: General Gracie reports that the enemy were unusually quiet yesterday; about dark they opened their mortars, but without inflicting much damage. Our picket-fire and the irregular fire of the mortars prevented the enemy from advancing his sap-roller. Other brigade commanders report no change on the part of the enemy. Sixteen thousand six hundred and forty-four minie-balls were collected yesterday and turned over to the ordnance officer; also a number of shells, solid shot, and fragments.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Gracie's brigade, wounded, 1 (carelessly). Elliott's brigade, wounded, 7 (2 mortally). Wise's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 1. Ransom's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 3 (1 mortally). Total, 2 killed and 12 wounded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 27, 1864.

COLONEL: General Gracie thinks the enemy have abandoned the design of pushing sap-roller Numbers 1 farther forward, as they have placed abatis in front of it; sap-roller Numbers 2 did not advance last night. The usual picket-firing, display of flags, &amp;c., along the line, has been observed during the last twenty-four hours. Twelve thousand six

50 R R-VOL XL, PT I

