
hundred minie-balls, ten pounds of lead, fourteen Hotchkiss shells, eighteen solid shot, and a number of fragments have been collected since last report.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Elliott's brigade, wounded, 4. Ransom's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 3. Total, 1 killed and 7 wounded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Colonel G. W. BRENT, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 28, 1864.

COLONEL: There is nothing of importance to report this morning. The usual amount of picket-firing and shelling was kept up along the line last night, but no change on the part of the enemy. General Gracie thinks that our mortar batteries, especially in rear of left of Ransom's brigade, did great execution yesterday. Groans were distinctly heard near the sap-rollers. Nineteen thousand minie-balls, 137 solid shot, several Hotchkiss and Parrott shells, fuses, &amp;c., were collected yesterday.

The following is a list of casualties: Wise's brigade, wounded, 2. Elliott's brigade, wounded, 4 (1 mortally). Ransom's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 6. Gracie's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 3. Total, 2 killed and 15 wounded.

I am, colonel, respectfully, &c.,B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Colonel G. W. BRENT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The scurvy has made its appearance in Gracie's brigade. Cannot vinegar, fresh meat, or vegetables be issued to the troops to prevent its further progress?

B. R. J.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 29, 1864.

COLONEL: The commanding officer of Ransom's brigade reports that the enemy have placed three guns in position on the work in front of his extreme right. They shelled our working parties on batteries in the rear yesterday evening, but without inflicting much injury. He reports that he occupies the space vacated by Wise's brigade last night, and as much as was occupied by the two left companies of Elliott's brigade. The work on the batteries and covered ways is progressing rapidly.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Elliott's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 6 (2 mortally). Ransom's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 4. Wise's brigade, wounded, 1. Total, 2 killed and 11 wounded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Colonel G. W. BRENT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

