HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, August 1, 1864.

COLONEL: The following is a list of casualties for July 31, 1864: Gracie's brigade, wounded, 1. Ransom's brigade, wounded, 4. Elliott's brigade, wounded, 2. Total, 7 wounded.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, August 4, 1864.

COLONEL: I send you the following list of casualties for July 29, which, owing to the excitement that prevailed on the morning of the 30th, has not yet been sent you; Wise's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 2 (1 mortally). Gracie's brigade, killed, 4; wounded, 2. Elliott's brigade, killed, 1. Total, 6 killed and 4 wounded.

Respectfully, &c.,R. E. FOOTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, August 20, 1864.

COLONEL: The following report of the part taken by this division in the action of Saturday the 30th of July, 1864, is respectfully submitted:

For a proper understanding of the condition of this command on the occasion referred to it is necessary to state that on the night of the 28th of July every man in reserve in this division was placed in the trenches. Colquitt's brigade, of Hoke's division, was temporarily transferred to my command in exchange for Gracie's brigade and placed on my right. For the purpose of relieving Field's division from the trenches my line was extended to an attenuation that was deemed barely secure against an ordinary assault. From the left to the right the brigades were stationed in the trenches in the following order, viz: Ransom's, Elliott's, Wise's, and Colquitt's brigades.

About 4.55 o'clock on the morning of the 30th of July the enemy sprung a large mine under that portion of my line about 200 yards north of the Baxter road, known as Pegram's salient. In this salient there were four guns of Captain Pegram's battery, and the Eighteenth and Twenty-second South Carolina Regiments, of Elliott's brigade, occupied the parapets in the battery and adjacent to it. The Twenty-second South Carolina Regiment extended from a point some seventy yards to the right of the right gun to a point beyond, but near to the left gun of the battery. The Eighteenth was posted on the left of the Twenty-second South Carolina Regiment. The regiments of Elliott's brigade were distributed along the parapet from left to right as follows, viz: The Twenty-sixth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-third South Carolina Regiments. To strengthen Pegram's salient a

