
eral assaults, and attempted several times to form a line in rear of our works, so as to move on the flank and rear of this gallant little band. In the events of the 30th of July there will perhaps be found nothing more heroic or worthy of higher admiration than this conduct of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third South Carolina Regiments.

Colonel Goode, commanding Wise's brigade, caused the Fifty-ninth Virginia Regiment, under Captain Wood, to be formed in a ditch running perpendicular to the rear of the main work, and when the enemy attempted some five times to form in rear of the breach for the purpose of charging to the right, and after they had planted four colors on the line, by which the movement designated was to be made, this regiment, under Captain Wood, and the Twenty-sixth Virginia Regiment, under Captain Steele, with the Twenty-second and Twenty-third South Carolina Regiments and two guns of

------

battery near the junction of the Baxter and Jerusalem plank roads, opened with a fire that drove them precipitately back to the crater. In this way the conflict was maintained from 5 till nearly 10 a. m. with coolness and steadiness by determined men and officers on both flanks of the breach, and with a success worthy of much praise and with great damage to the enemy.

The assailing force of the enemy, consisting of the Ninth and parts of two other army corps, was directed upon the breach at Pegram's salient, and was held in check by little more than three regiments of Elliott's, two regiments of Ransom's, and two regiments of Wise's brigades, with the efficient aid of artillery, especially of Wright's battery and the four mortars, under Captain Lamkin, on the Jerusalem plank road. The enemy also made considerable demonstration in front of Wise's brigade, and appeared in front of their works on south side of Baxter road. On the left of the crater a large force was advanced to threaten the works occupied by Ransom's brigade. It came forward in irregular order and took shelter at the foot of a steep hill, which descends to Taylor's Creek, in front of that portion of our line. This force was engaged without and important results by Ransom's brigade and the right howitzer of Slaten's battery. Our whole line, from the right of Colquitt's to the left of Gracie's brigade, suffered from artillery fire.

The Sixty-first North Carolina Regiment, of Hoke's division, sent to re-enforce the troops engaged at the breach, arrived at the same time with Mahone's division and proceeded to form in the ravine in rear of Pegram's salient for the purpose of charging the enemy in the breach. General Mahone had placed one brigade in position, and was waiting for the second to come up, when the enemy advanced upon his line of battle. He met their advance by a charge, in which the Twenty-fifth and Forty-ninth North Carolina and the Twenty-sixth and part of the Seventeenth South Carolina Regiments, all under Colonel Smith, of Elliott's brigade, gallantly joined, moving upon the left of General Mahone's line. The enemy was driven from three-quarters of the trench cavalier and most of the works on the left of the crater, with moderate loss to our forces and heavy losses to the enemy, especially in prisoners. During this charge a large number of the enemy's troops, black and white, abandoned the breach and fled precipitately to their rear. Upon this fleeing mass, in full view from our works on the right of the Baxter road, the left regiments of Wise's brigade poured a raking fire at the distance of from 150 to 500 yards, while the left gun of Davidson's battery (which Colonel Goode had manned with a company of the Thirty-fourth Virginia Regiment, under Captain Samuel D. Preston) discharged upon them several rounds of canister.

