
resents the barricade thrown up by the Twenty-third South Carolina Volunteers.a Letter E represents the junction of the Twenty-third and Twenty-second before the explosion.

C. C. HAILE,

First Lieutenant Company A, Twenty-third South Carolina Vols.

Numbers 308. Itinerary of Hardaway Light Artillery Battalion, June 16-July 27, 1864.*

June 16.-Camped near Chaffin's Bluff on the Wilton estate.

June 21.-Moved down New Market road. Returned to the fortifications at night.

June 23.-Graham's battery went into position at New Market Heights.

June 26.-Smith's battery took position near Graham's, and June 28 Griffin's battery was ordered to the same point to go in position on the infantry line near New Market Heights.

June 29.-Graham's battery opened fire on a wooden gun-boat on the James River and damaged her some, making her change position very often. Soon after a monitor came to her relief and shelled Graham (who was protected by earth-works) furiously, wounding one man. Three batteries of this battalion are now on duty on the lines and two are in camp near Wilton on Gunn's farm.

Since last muster (June 30, 1864) this battalion has been operating with the troops on the north side of the James River and in the vicinity of Deep Bottom.

July 16.-Graham's battery from its position at Tilghman's Gate shelled the Yankee camp at Deep Bottom and the pontoon bridge, first running off the Yankee gun-boat Mendota, killing and wounding an entire gun detachment, and so crippling her as to render her unfit for action. General Grant (see Northern papers) was at General Foster's headquarters when the camp was shelled by Graham's guns, several of the shots striking near Foster's headquarters. General Grant left for City Point on a foundered horse.

July 27.-Graham's battery took position at Tilghman's Gate, having an infantry support of three brigades from Kershaw's division, with the intention of again shelling the enemy's camps, pontoon, and boats. It was soon ascertained, however, that the enemy was making a movement on this side of the river in force, and before permission could be obtained from General Humphreys, commanding, for the guns to be withdrawn, the enemy had made an attack on the left of the position. Our infantry support gave way without making an effort to save the guns, and although they were gallantly served by Captain Graham and his men they had to be abandoned for want of proper support. This was effected with the lost of one man captured. The guns lost were four 20-pounder U. S. Parrotts--three captured at Winchester and one at Harper's Ferry.+

---------------

aAfter the explosion the greater portion of the survivors of the Twenty-second South Carolina Volunteers retired to cavalier line; the remainder came to the Twenty-third South Carolina, which after the explosion extended to the left and made the barracade at A, as marked above.

*From record of events on muster-rolls of field and staff. For portion of itinerary (here omitted) covering movements from May 1 to June 13, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 1089.

+For continuation of itinerary, see Vol. XLII, Part I.

---------------

