
At 1.30 a. m. on the 18th I received orders to withdraw to a line some 800 yards in rear of our position which had been partially prepared for occupation. This new line rested upon the Appomattox some 200 yards west of the house of the younger Hare, and ran nearly at right angles to the river, passing over the western end of the eminence upon which the elder Hare resides, known as Hare's Hill. I was to occupy again the extreme left. This movement was executed safely, and the troops again in position before daylight. Shortly after daylight the enemy advanced upon our old line, and finding it abandoned came on with vociferous cheers. As soon as these skirmishers encountered our new picket-line their line of battle halted and heavy skirmishing commenced. This continued until about 2 p. m., the skirmishers alternately driving each other. We lost several killed and wounded and a few prisoners, but inflicting an equal or greater loss upon the enemy, and capturing between 25 and 30 prisoners. At 2 p. m. the enemy formed for an assault upon the portion of my brigade between the river and the City Point road. A regiment was pushed up in column along the banks of the river under cover of the grove and buildings of the younger Hare, and when its head became uncovered attempted to deploy. The rest of their force attempted to come forward in line of battle, but never got closer than 250 yards. Our fire was opened upon the column as soon as it showed itself, and upon the line at about 300 yards. The enemy attempted to rally, but was driven back in confusion. The Twenty-first, Twenty-seventh, and Eleventh Regiments repulsed this attack. South of the City Point road the skirmishing was heavy, but our line was not attacked. Later in the afternoon, when Colquitt's brigade was assailed, my right regiment fired a few volleys obliquely upon the attacking column. Lieutenant Harvey, Seventh Battalion, was killed to-day, and Lieutenant Felder, Twenty-fifth, and Major Rion, Seventh Battalion, were wounded.

I am unable to give an accurate statement of casualties on these days, as in the record preserved by my assistant adjutant-general the casualties of a later day and of some preceding skirmishers at Cold Harbor are included. About 220 is supposed to be the aggregate, of which, killed, 36; wounded, 121; missing, 63.

I am, captain, respectfully,

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General.

Captain JOHN A. COOPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. HAGOOD'S (S. C.) BRIGADE, HOKE'S DIVISION, June 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I am required to make a full report of the operations of my command in front of Petersburg on the 24th instant:

My brigade occupied the left of our line of intrenchments, resting on the south bank of the Appomattox, the Twenty-seventh, Twenty-first, and Eleventh Regiments filling the space from the river to the City Point road, and the Twenty-fifth and Seventh Battalion extending along the lines south of the road. The enemy's intrenchments were at this point parallel to ours at a distance of about 400 yards, an open field with a rank growth of oats upon it intervening. Each side had slight rifle-pits a short distance in advance of its first line of intrenchments. Our line of intrenchments was single. The enemy was intrenched in

