
then resume their fire, concentrating it only on batteries and distinct lines and masses of the enemy as can be fired upon without any danger whatsoever to our troops. Our shells, the fuses not being very reliable, should be used mostly as solid shot.

Second. At the same time that the batteries on the north side of the Appomattox shall open a serious demonstration, partaking of all the characteristics of a real attack, should be made from the right of our line, and continued until it should be too late for the enemy to re-enforce his right from his left.

Third. Major-General Hoke shall move to the attack as soon as the batteries on the north side of the Appomattox shall have resumed fire after the cessation of five minutes referred to in article I. He will swing around on his right flank, so as to take the enemy's first and second lines in flank, advancing rapidly to the attack of the enemy's position near Hare's house, making use of his artillery to the best advantage. Having taken Hare's house he will continue the movement to retake our old line of works between the Norfolk railroad and our second line of works.

Fourth. Field's division, being relieved to-night by Johnson's, will be put in the best position by Lieutenant-General Anderson to support Hoke's attack and protect his left flank. He shall place as soon as practicable a brigade in the abandoned lines of the enemy, on which shall rest the left flank of Hoke. This brigade will follow in those lines the advance of Hoke, and General Anderson will continue to fill up with other troops the gap between the river and Hoke's left until the whole line shall be occupied. Should he meanwhile find it opportune to advance to the attack of the old lines from Battery Numbers 9 to Battery Numbers 2, and thence to our second line, he is at liberty to do so, provided no interval shall be left between his right and Hoke's left. As soon as Hoke's right shall have disengaged his present lines, Kershaw's division will follow its movement in order to form a reserve to Hoke's line of battle. Kershaw will advance his left toward the lines of the enemy occupied by Field's division.

Fifth. Johnson's division will relieve Field's at about 8 p. m. this evening, keeping the surplus of his force within reach to replace Kershaw's division as it will move out of the lines to-morrow morning. When Major-General Hoke shall attack the enemy on the east side of the Norfolk railroad, opposite to Johnson's front, Major-General Johnson shall take the offensive and attack boldly the forces of the enemy between that railroad and his lines, so as to retake the old line of works from [Battery] 19 to [Battery] 24.

Sixth. He will place, as well as General Hoke, batteries in position to enfilade the railroad and Taylor's Creek as soon as he shall find it practicable.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

Numbers 310. Report of Lieutenant General Richard S. Ewell, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Richmond, of operations July 27.

N[EW] M[ARKET, July] 27, 1864-10 a. m.

GENERAL: The enemy drove back the troops of General Kershaw this morning and took four pieces of artillery. Prisoners have been taken

