
from Hancock's corps to-day. Yesterday prisoners were taken from the Nineteenth and Tenth Corps. Twenty-two pieces of artillery crossed last night to the north side of the river. Our line extends from New Market toward White Oak Swamp, the right resting near the Chaffin farm. It may be advisable to send the Local Defense troops to Chaffin's farm to hold the intrenched camp. An artillery battalion of infantry has been ordered to that line, and I do not think affairs are imminent yet; nor do I know the amount of inconvenience in ordering out the Local Defense. General Lee was notified by General Kershaw.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

P. S.-Our losses small.

Numbers 311. Report of Colonel Thomas H. Carter, C. S. Artillery, of artillery operations July 13-16.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY DIVISION, Poindexter's House, July 16, 1864.

GENERAL: I send, as you request, a report of the operations of my artillery near Wilcox's Wharf and at Malvern Hill and Tilghman's farm.

On the 13th instant I proceeded to Walker's farm with Major Cutshaw's battalion of artillery, composed of five Napoleons, three 3-inch guns, four Parrotts, and one Whitworth gun. General Gary the same day sent one cavalry regiment, with exception of a squadron left at Crenshaw's, to Rowland's Mill and one cavalry regiment to the vicinity of Charles City Court-House.

The scouts on the river reported that no transports with troops on board had passed since 11th instant and the river unusually quiet. No vessels of any description passed down from 2.30 p. m. 13th instant till dark, and only five passed up in same time.

The artillery was posted at 4 p. m. and opened at 5.30 p. m. on two vessels-one apparently a passenger steamer and the other a freight steamer. The latter was struck repeatedly and injured to some extent. The former is believed to have been struck, but I am not sure, as it turned back to Fort Powhatan before reaching the part of the channel nearest the guns. The Whitworth gun kept up a steady fire on this boat as far as it could be seen, and probably did some damage.

As it was improbable that other boats would pass after the firing, the artillery was ordered to Phillips' farm, some six miles back, and it encamped there for the night.

Next day the Whitworth gun was posted on Malvern Hill and drove off the picket gun-boat opposite Turkey Island House. To-day it drove under cover of the woods three gun-boats which had combined on it. The position is so sheltered that no injury has resulted to the men or horses during the two days' firing.

The 20-pounder Parrott battery opened from Tilghman's Gate to-day on the pontoon bridge, the gun-boat, and camp of the enemy at Deep

