
Bottom. The gun-boat was struck three times before it retired under the bank of the river. It then gave up the contest and allowed the battery an hour after to limber up and withdraw without molestation. The camp was put in great commotion by the shelling. One brigade marched out of the woods near Four-Mile Creek at a double-quick and took shelter in the trenches. The pontoon bridge was fired at several times, but the mark is too small to waste ammunition on. It is rarely used during the day, and there is now but little travel on the river in the daytime.

On my next expedition down the river I propose to take a single battery, with cannoneers mounted on horses.

I think my sharpshooters can render good service on the bank of the river where it is narrow, and I should be much obliged to you to endeavor to obtain a hundred Enfield rifles, caliber .57 or .58. The carbines issued to them a few days since are short-range and not reliable in accuracy. I will be glad to use Major Stark's battalion if necessary. I think the 10-inch mortar may do well, and hope it may be sent down.

Very respectfully, yours,

T. H. CARTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Department of Richmond.

Numbers 312. Report of Brigadier General Roger A. Pryor, C. S. Army, of operations June 23-24.

JUNCTION, June 24, 1864.

Yesterday at the grove two miles and a half from Nottoway Court House General Lee encountered the bulk of enemy's forces under Wilson, and after a severe fight of four hours succeeded in defeating them, taking prisoners and inflicting considerable loss. This morning they moved across Nottoway River, evidently aiming for the bridges on Danville railroad. Kautz left here this morning at dawn, taking the Danville road. He will probably form a junction with Wilson at Green Bay. The enemy's whole force is about 6,000. General Lee pushed on to-day in pursuit of Wilson.

Respectfully,

ROGER A. PRYOR.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

Numbers 313. Report of Major General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry division, of operations June 27-30.*

HDQRS. HAMPTON'S DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, July 10, 1864.

COLONEL: On the morning of 27th of June the general commanding ordered me to move my command from Drewry's Tavern to Stony Creek

---------------

*For Hampton's report of operations from June 8-24, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 1095.

---------------

