
in order to intercept Wilson, who was returning from Staunton River bridge to rejoin Grant's army. In obedience to these orders I moved rapidly in the direction indicated with my division, Chambliss' brigade having been sent forward the evening previous.

At 12 m. the next day I reached Stony Creek Depot, where I found Chambliss. From this point scouts were sent out to find the position of the enemy and to ascertain what route he was pursuing, and at 12.30 I wrote the general commanding, suggesting that a force of infantry and artillery be placed at Reams' Station, as the enemy would have to cross the railroad then at Jarratt's or at Belfield. The scouts having reported what road the enemy were marching on, I notified general commanding of their position, and informed him that I should attack them at Sappony Church, asking him at the same time to place the infantry at Reams' Station and to order Major General Fitz Lee to take position near there. These dispositions were made by the general commanding, and in the meantime my command was put in motion. Chambliss, who was in front, was ordered to push on to the church and to charge the enemy as soon as he met him. Soon after crossing Sappony Creek the enemy was encountered, and he was gallantly charged by the Ninth Virginia and driven back behind the church. Here he occupied a strong position, with dismounted men, and he succeeded in checking the charge. General Chambliss dismounted his men and took up a line near the church, when in a few moments he was heavily attacked. I brought up a portion of the Seventh Virginia to re-enforce him, and the attack was repulsed along the whole line. Young's brigade, under Colonel Wright, was then dismounted and put into position, the enemy in the meantime using his artillery and small-arms rapidly. Soon after my line was established, Lieutenant-Colonel Crawley, commanding the Holcombe Legion (infantry), brought 200 men of his command to join me, and he was placed in the center of the line. With these troops the line, which was not a strong one, was held steadily all night, the enemy constantly making demonstrations and attacks upon it, but without the least impression. The fire of their artillery becoming very hot I directed Major Chew to place two guns (all I had) under Captain Graham, where they could respond. These guns were well served and rendered me great assistance. The position of the enemy, who had two line of works, was so strong that I could not attack it in front, so at daylight I threw portions of Butler's and Rosser's brigades, under the immediate direction of Brigadier-General Butler, on the left flank of the enemy. At the same moment Chambliss advanced the whole of the front line, and in a few moments we were in possession of both lines of works, the enemy retreating in confusion and leaving their dead and wounded on the ground. They were followed closely for two miles, when, finding that they had taken the road to Reams' Station, I moved by Stony Creek, Depot, in order to get on the Halifax road to intercept them, should they attempt to cross below Reams'. Butler's brigade was sent to Malone's Crossing, and the other brigades were ordered to occupy the roads leading into the Halifax road. I moved up with Chambliss' brigade, following Butler, and soon after crossing Rowanty Creek we met an advance of the enemy, who had struck the Halifax road between Butler and Chambliss. These were charged and scattered, when another party were reported crossing into the same road at Perkins' house. I took a portion of the Thirteenth Virginia, and meeting them drove them back, and Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips pushed on, getting possession of the bridge over the Rowanty. Finding that a portion of the force which had crossed the creek had

