
taken a road leading east I sent Colonel Beale, of the Ninth Virginia, with two or three squadrons in pursuit. He followed them four miles, capturing a large number and scattering the rest. The force of the enemy was entirely broken and the fragments were seeking safety in flight in all directions. They scattered through the woods, and night coming on the pursuit had to cease. Knowing that a portion of the enemy were retreating toward the Nottoway River on the stage road I brought my command to Stony Creek Depot, which was the most central point, to let the men who had been fighting all the night previous obtain some rest, and that I might be where I could best intercept the party which was retreating west and south of me. My command was ordered to be ready to move at daylight, and I anxiously waited for some information which would indicate the point at which the enemy would attempt to cross the Nottoway River. I had not heard one word of the result of the fight at Reams' Station, nor did I know the position of Major General Fitz Lee or of the enemy.

At 9 o'clock on the morning of the 30th of June I received a note directed to the "commanding officer Stony Creek Depot," from General Fitz. Lee, saying that he was "still pursuing the enemy, capturing prisoners," &amp;c., and that he was five miles from Nottoway River, on the Hicksford road. The note went on to say that General Lee thought "the enemy after crossing the river will try to cross the railroad at Jarratt's Depot," and he wished all the available force sent to that point to intercept their march until he got up. I immediately moved my command in the direction of Jarratt's Depot, but when I arrived within five miles of that place some of my scouts who had been sent on reported that the enemy had passed there at daylight. I then endeavored to intercept them on the road leading to Peters' Bridge, but, though I made a rapid march, I found on striking the road that the rear of his column had passed two hours previously. Had there been proper concert of action between the forces at Reams' and my own there would have been no difficulty in cutting off the party which escaped by Jarratt's.

In the fight at Sappony Church and during the following day the enemy lost quite heavily in killed and wounded. We captured 806 prisoners, together with 127 negroes--slaves. My loss was 2 killed, 18 wounded, and 2 missing.

The reports from General Chambliss and Colonel Crawley have not been sent in. I regret to announce that the latter was severely wounded, and I beg to express my sense of the valuable services rendered to me by this officer and his command. General Chambliss, by his gallantry, his great zeal, and his knowledge of the country, contributed largely to the success we gained.

The officers and men of my own division behaved to my entire satisfaction, and the members of my staff gave me every assistance possible. Captain Graham, who had a section of his battery with me, did good service, and he was well supported by his command.

The pursuit of the enemy, which ended near Peters' Bridge, closed the active operations which began on the 8th of June, when the movement against Sheridan commenced. During that time, a period of twenty-two days, the command had no rest, was badly supplied with rations and forage, marched upward of 400 miles, fought the greater portion of six days and one entire night, captured upward of 2,000 prisoners, many guns, small-arms, wagons, horses, and other materials of war, and was completely successful in defeating two of the most formidable and well organized expeditions of the enemy. This was accomplished at a

