
days, and thus prevented from rendering any assistance elsewhere. It has further taught the enemy that it will be necessary for him to keep a strong force on the line of railroad to protect it. This movement, together with the rumors of an attack on Wilmington, has caused that place to be re-enforced, as I learned by letter of June 24, via captured mail. One of the diverting columns, under Colonel Claassen, effected the capture of a body of prisoners from the intrenchments of one of his strongholds, while another little column, under Captain Kelley, captured 15 prisoners, 3 mules, 2 horses, and destroyed boats, seines, &amp;c., at the mouth of New River, a distance of about ninety miles apart. So advantageously and simultaneously were troops posted and demonstrations made, that the enemy kept on the defensive, otherwise he would certainly have assumed the offensive. The results of the expedition, exclusive of those captured by Colonel Chassen, are the capture of 20 prisoners, 22 horses, 4 mules, 2 carts, 7 saddles, 22 rifle muskets, 15 carbines and musketoons, 10 cavalry sabers, 13 cartridge-boxes, belts, and cap pouches, the destruction of 2 ferry boats, &c., on the New River, and the destruction of a schooner loaded with salt at Swansborough. All the troops acted with propriety of conduct seldom witnessed on expeditions; a single act of pillaging is not known to have occurred; and when brought in contact with the enemy they acted with creditable spirit.

Colonel Savage, Captains Horn and Graham, of the cavalry; Captain Kelley, of the Ninth Vermont, and Lieutenants King and Connelly, of my staff, deserve special mention for their indefatigable, prompt, and gallant conduct throughout the entire expedition.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. JOURDAN.

Captain J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of North Carolina.

JUNE 22-23, 1864.-Scout from Piney Green to Snead's Ferry and Swansborough, N. C.

Report of Colonel James W. Savage, Twelfth New York Cavalry.

HDQRS. TWELFTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Camp Palmer, near New Berne, N. C., June 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of detached operations of a portion of my command on the 22nd and 23rd days of June, instant:

At 2.30 on the afternoon of the 22nd I received from Colonel Jourdan, commanding, orders to proceed with two squadrons and my howitzer section from Etheridge's-where the main body of his column then was-to Piney Green. Thence to send Captain Horn with one squadron and one piece to Quaker Church to await my return and with the remainder to proceed to Snead's Ferry, endeavor to communicate with the gun-boat supposed to be near that place, and capture or disperse any rebels we might find on the way. After leaving Piney Green I proceeded rapidly toward Snead's Ferry, distant about fifteen miles. Information obtained on the way seemed to render certain the evidence of a small body of mounted rebels in the vicinity, and fragments of two letters were found on the road from which it was evident that the

