
march of Colonel Jourdan's column was known. Arriving within two miles of the ferry I moved with caution, throwing out, in addition to my mounted advance, dismounted men with directions to examine carefully the dense undergrowth on both sides of the road, and instructing the non-commissioned officer in command of the advance that upon being halted he was to shout the designation of his regiment and not to fire without first being fired upon. A few minutes after sundown we arrived at a point about half a mile from Snead's Ferry, where we fell into an ambush of the Ninth Vermont, so well selected and in so dense and dark a wood that my advance guard did not discover it until the head of the column was abreast a portion of it. I regret to say that several shots were exchanged before I could ascertain the character of the opposing forces, and that Sergeant Seilbert, of Troop C, was instantly killed. Captain Kelley, of the Ninth Vermont, in command of the detachment, behaved with marked coolness and promptitude, and by our united exertions the firing was stopped without further damage except to two or three horses.

After halting an hour I returned to Quaker Church, which I reached at 5 a. m. June 23. At 7 I sent Captain Horn with his force to Swansborough, which he reached about 10. He had been attacked the night previous by a force of about thirty-five men who were lying in ambush for him but who were dispersed after a few shots without any loss on our side. The nature of the country, an impenetrable swamp, precluded the possibility of their capture. During the night small squads, probably of the same force, annoyed his pickets but inflicted no loss. At Swansborough Captain Horn burnt a schooner loaded with salt and destroyed a few bags of salt on the way. He met no organized force but was annoyed by guerrilla firing; and I have to report the killing of Corporal June, of Company G, by a guerrilla secreted in the woods. The two detachments were united again about 12 m. and I proceeded to Morton's Cross-Roads, where I arrived about 5 p. m., finding a portion of Colonel Jourdan's column, and soon after reporting to him in person.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. SAVAGE,

Colonel Twelfth New York Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant H. M. CONNELLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 27-AUGUST 4, 1864.-Expedition from Norfolk, Va., into North Carolina.

Report of Brigadier General Israel Vogdes, U. S. Army, commanding District of Eastern Virginia.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN VIRGINIA, Norfolk, Va., August 4, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the return of the expedition sent into North Carolina for the purpose of capturing horses, cotton, and other contraband property, after having successfully accomplished the objects of the undertaking. The force consisted of the Twentieth New York Cavalry, Colonel Lord; the First U. S. Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Dimon; the One hundred and fifty-fifth Ohio National

