
Guard, Colonel Sage, and two sections of the Eighth New York Independent Battery, Captain Fitch, the whole commanded by Colonel Lord. The expedition left Norfolk July 27 and arrived at Elizabeth City on the ensuing day. Here Colonel Lord divided his command, Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, with a mounted force, scouring the eastern counties, and Major Gates pushing farther into the interior. The latter officer visited Gatesville, Winton, and Wintonville, capturing 11 bales of cotton, 1,000 pounds of tobacco, between 50 and 60 horses, and destroying a store at Winton and another at Wintonville. Lieutenant-Colonel Evans moved with a force of seven companies of the Twentieth Cavalry into Perquimans and Chowan Counties, capturing about 60 horses, 4 bales of cotton, and 3 boxes of tobacco, the last seized from the captain of the contraband trading steamer on the Chowan River. Another lot of cotton was seized by Colonel Lord, near Elizabeth City. Colonel Lord reports a loyal feeling among the people of the section of the State visited by him. He says, "The people of Pasquotank, Perquimans, and Chowan Counties have treated my men so hospitably and entertained them in such a friendly manner that myself and command are impressed with the conviction that by far the larger proportion of the people are loyal to the United States. There is a deep Union feeling among at least three-fifths of the people." The guerrillas still infest the country through which our troops passed, the citizens of which express a great desire to be rid of them. If the commanding general could spare me 250 men of the Thirty-eighth U. S. Colored Regiment, who understand the country, and displayed much zeal on a former raid, to hunt these robbers and murderers out of the swamps to which they resort whenever our troops make their appearance, I have no doubt we can effectually rid the country of them. The citizens are robbed by these marauders and will do all in their power to put a stop to their further depredations. If this suggestion meets the views of the major-general commanding, if I can be informed beforehand when the troops asked for will come, I can have all arrangements made to send them immediately out, and they can be returned in ten days to the field.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff, Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

JULY 28-31, 1864.-Expedition from New Berne to Manning's Neck, N. C.

Report of Brigadier General Innis N. Palmer, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Carolina.*

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, New Berne, N. C., July 31, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that the expedition sent by me up the Chowan has this day returned. This expedition was commanded by First Lieutenant G. F. Ward, jr., one of my aides-de-camp, and it consisted of three officers, sixty men, and two pieces of artillery. At

---------------

*For report of Acting Ensign G. W. Barrett, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

