
CHAPTER IX.

OPERATIONS IN MARYLAND, PENNSYLVANIA, VIRGINIA, AND WEST VIRGINIA.*

April 16-July 31, 1861.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.+

April 17, 1861. - Ordinance of secession adopted by Virginia Convention.

18, 1861. - Major General William B. Taliaferro assigned to 	command of Virginia forces at Norfolk, Va.

United States Armory at Harper's Ferry, W. Va., abandoned and 			burned by its garrison.

19, 1861. - Conflict between United States troops and mob in 		Baltimore, Md. Major General Robert Patterson, Pennsylvania Militia, 		assigned to command over the States of Delaware, Pennsylvania, and 	Maryland, and the District of Columbia.

20, 1861. - General Butler's command arrives at Annapolis, 		Md. Expedition to destroy the dry-dock at Norfolk, Va.

23, 1861. - Major General Robert E. Lee assigned to command of 	the military and naval forces of Virginia.

26, 1861. - Major General Joseph E. Johnston, Virginia 	Volunteers, assigned to command of the State forces in and about 			Richmond, Va.

Major General Walter Gwynn, Virginia Volunteers, assigned to command 		of State forces in and about Norfolk, va.

27, 1861. - Major-General Patterson, Pennsylvania Militia, 		assigned to command of the Department of Pennsylvania.

Brigadier General B. F. Butler, Massachusetts Militia, assigned to 			command of the Department of Washington.

Colonel T. J. Jackson, Virginia Volunteers, assigned to command of State 		troops at and about Harper's Ferry, W. Va.

May 1, 1861. - Volunteer forces called out in Virginia.

3, 1861. - Governor of Virginia issues call for additional forces.

4, 1861. - Colonel G. A. Porterfield assigned to command of 		State forces in North-western Virginia (W. Va.)

---------------

*The State of West Virginia was not admitted into the Union until June 20, 1863. For that reason, and because the Confederates did not recognize the partition of Virginia thus made, places in the new State are frequently referred to, in the text of these Records, as being cipher in Virginia or in Western Virginia. The transfer of the counties of berkeley and Jefferson from Virginia to West Virginia was not recognized by Congress until March 10, 1866.

+Of some of the skirmishes, and other minor conflicts,noted in this "Summary," no circumstantial reports are on file, the only official record of such events being referenced thereto on muster rolls and returns.

---------------

1 R R - VOL II

