
Second Brigade, General R. S. Ewell, commanding: Fifth Alabama Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel R. E. Rodes; Sixth Alabama Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel J. J. Seibels, Thirteenth [12th?] Alabama Regiment of Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Theodore O'Hara, and Twelfth Mississippi Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel Richard Griffith.

Third Brigade, General D. R. Jones, commanding: Fourth South Carolina Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel J. B. E. Sloan; Fifth South Carolina Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel M. Jenkins; Sixth South Carolina Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel C. S. Winder, and Ninth South Carolina Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel J. D. Blanding.

Fourth Brigade, General James Longstreet, commanding: First Virginia Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel P. T. Moore; Seventh Virginia Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel J. L. Kemper; Eleventh Virginia Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel S. Garland, jr., and Seventeenth Virginia Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel M. D. Corse.

Fifth Brigade, General Philip St. George Cocke, commanding: Eighteenth Virginia Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel R. E. Withers; Nineteenth Virginia of Regiment of Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Strange; Twenty-eighth Virginia Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel R. T. Preston, and Forty-ninth Virginia Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel William Smith.

Sixth Brigade, Colonel J. A. Early, commanding: Fifth North Carolina Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel D. K. McRae; Eleventh North Carolina Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel J. F. Hoke, and Twenty-fourth Virginia Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel J. A. Early.

Seventh Brigade, Colonel N. G. Evans, commanding: Thirteenth Mississippi Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel William Barksdale; Seventeenth Mississippi Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel W. S. Featherston, and Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel E. R. Burt.

Eighth Brigade: Sixth Louisiana Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel J. G. Seymour; Seventh Louisiana Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel Harry T. Hays; Eighth Louisiana Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel H. B. Kelly, and Ninth Louisiana Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel Richard Taylor.

Special battalion, Colonel C. R. Wheat.

Separate command, Eighth Virginia Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel Eppa Hunton, Leesburg, Va., Hampton's Legion.

II. The horse artillery, for the present, will be place: Kemper's battery with the First Brigade, Shields' battery with the Fourth Brigade, and Latham's battery with the Fifth Brigade. Walton's battery will concentrate at or about the left of Mithcell's Ford, for the purposes of instruction.

III. The cavalry, for the present, will be distributed in the following manner: Colonel Radford, with six companies, will be on duty with the First Brigade while in advance. The remaining four companies of Radford's regiment, with Lieutenant Colonel Munford, will report for service with the Fourth Brigade.

IV. Such changes as are involved in these orders will be mad without delay.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, July 26, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Manassas:

Report here is that many arms are being taken off the field by irresponsible persons. We have regiments for the war unarmed and wait-

