
be gathered together. I also sent the flag of truce to Fortress Monroe this morning, as directed by the general, and with it a cart for the baggage of the officers, prisoners at Yorktown. I took occasion, having learned through the New York Herald that Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram was a prisoner at the fort, to request that he might be allowed to send to me such letters as he might desire to send his family in Richmond, and stated the condition of the wounded officers recently captured. Since the burning of the vessels on York River the enemy have kept close in their lines. I think this is due to the strong force under my command.

As soon as I am furnished with sufficient transportation, I will complete my instructions in regard to the rest of the negroes. The forwarding of those sent to Williamsburg has exhausted all the means at my disposal. Having executed these instructions at the most exposed points, it will not be necessary for me to remain here. They can be completed from Young's and Harrod's Mills. I will await the order to fall back to that position, unless the necessity for doing so becomes greater than at present.

I forgot to report, in mentioning yesterday's proceedings, that the enemy made two attempts to inspect us in balloons.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

RO. JOHNSTON,

Colonel of Cavalry, Commanding.

LYNCHBURG, July 28, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

There have been ordered by your instructions to Lynchburg five regiments, there of whom have been forwarded to and are now at Staunton, commanded by Colonel Hatton, Colonel Forbes, and Colonel Maney. These are the three first advanced. The other two are commanded by Colonel Fulton and Colonel Savage. Part of Fulton's command has already reached Lynchburg, and the remainder, with Savage's regiment, will probably reach here to-day or to-night. At Haynesville and Bristol, East, Tennessee, there are three regiments, commanded by Colonel Battle, Colonel Newman, and Colonel Rains, ordered there from Middle Tennessee. Your order yesterday evening was to forward the two additional regiments expected her to Staunton. Under your telegram to-day I have to ask whether I shall order these regiments (Fulton's and Savage's) to remain here, go to Staunton, or to return to Bristol. I proceed to Bristol this evening. Answer to my acting aide, Colonel G. P. Smith, at this point.

S. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Manassas, July 28, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: This army, both General Beauregard's troops and mine, is without adequate means of transportation. It would be impossible to maneuver for want of it. I respectfully ask that the Quartermaster-General be directed to take measures for the immediate purchase of a large number of wagons and teams. Agents should be sent to differ-

