
ent parts of the State and wherever else may be deemed expedient. This need is urgent. Our enemies are exerting themselves to the utmost.

Your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHWEST,Monterey, Va., July 28, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Forces, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops on this line since my arrival:

We occupy (with one regiment of infantry and two pieces of artillery, with two regiments of infantry at the be of the mountain) the pass in the Alleghany Mountains in front of this place. The enemy, with about the same force, hold the strong pass in the Cheat Mountain, distant from our position about eighteen miles. From the best information which we can obtain, they are at several points between the Cheat Pass and Beverly, distant about twenty-three miles. Before my arrival General Jackson had marched a force to occupy the passes on the Huntersville and Huttonsville turnpike.

On yesterday Colonel Lee's regiment of North Carolina volunteers was at the base of Elk Mountain, eleven miles in advance of Huntersville, and will soon be in position at the Elk Mountain Pass. The Bath Cavalry were still farther advanced, at the Big Spring, twenty-eight miles from Huntersville.

Colonel Gilham, with two regiments, on yesterday at Huntersville will join Colonel Lee as soon as he can get necessary supplies, which were en route for him from the depot recently established at Millborough.

About two hundred and fifty of the Pocahontas militia have been mustered into service. Eighty of them are now organized as spies and guides, and are watching closely all of the mountain roads, passes, and paths in the direction of the enemy. Captain Marye's battery probably arrived at Huntersville to-day, and join Colonel Lee without delay.

The re-enforcements arrive very slowly. Two of the Tennessee regiments arrived at Staunton on yesterday, and the third was expected to reach there to-day. Nothing has been heard of Generals Floyd's and Wise's brigades, or of the two Georgia regiments of infantry, or the Georgia battery.

The very strong pass in the Cheat Mountain cannot be turned near by; but, as soon as I can concentrate the forces, will advance upon the enemy from the other quarter.

There is said to be a strong position in advance of the Alleghany Pass, at Yeager's, near the crossing of the Greenbrier River. A reconnaissance is being made to-day, with a view of advancing upon it.

I have reason to believe that the forces of the enemy have been reduced recently, and I will move against him as soon as it will be proper to do so.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Brigadier-General.

