
ing been detained by the necessity of visiting Newport News. In addition to clothing for the officers, directed by the general, he bought clothing for other officers, prisoners of war. They were all forwarded to Yorktown. Captain Bryan reports that he found no pickets outside of the outworks at Hampton, where he was met by Captain Butler, nephew and aide to General Butler. He found the town of fire, but efforts being made by the U. S. troops to extinguish it with fire-engines. He was informed by Captain Butler that the fire was caused by drunken and disorderly soldiers. From all he could learn he was satisfied that there was till a force, though small, in Hampton. Captain Bryan was received with courtesy both at Hampton and Newport News.

I have also to report that, in addition to those previously sent off, I had five wagons (company wagons) loaded with sick. A report was received to-day, by an outer picket, from a Mr. House, in Hampton, through Mr. Kelley, overseer of Mr. Dennis, that there were no troops in Hampton, no encampment between Old Point and Hampton, and only one regiment at Newport News. I have also the honor to report that Colonel C. K. Mallory, One hundred and fifteenth Regiment of Militia, informs me that the steamer which burnt the vessels in Back River was certainly piloted, and one person is strongly suspected. I have instructed the colonel to have the party arrested, as also all other persons in Fox Hill who have been passing about under the protection of the Federal Government. I would also report that a volunteer scout, headed by Private W. Causey, comprising six Old Dominion Dragoons, reported having fired upon a party of the enemy on the Slater's Creek road, near Newport News, and under the telegraph, killing and wounding several. Captain Bryan reports that from reliable parties near Hampton he learned that the man killed was an officer.

I am, major, very respectfully,

RO. JOHNSTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

RICHMOND, July 30, 1861.

General S. R. ANDERSON, Bristol, Tenn.:

The movement contemplated has been defeated by confusion of orders. You may follow the regiments with which you are intended to operate by way of Lynchburg and Staunton, and take your proper command.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS,Williamsburg, Va., July 30, 1861.

Captain HENDERSON, C. S. A.:

SIR: I have just learned, for the first time, that the carriages of the guns mounted at Yorktown are made of pine, and that recently, when the first were fired (with a greatly reduced charge), these carriages plainly gave indications that they would give way entirely after a few rounds. You will report to me forthwith what is the true state of the case, and what these carriages are in shape, Navy or Army; and, if Army, casemate or barrette. You will also call on Captain Meade, of the Engineers, to assist you in the examination of them. Report also the quantity, kind, and quality of the ammunition on hand for each

