
The General has left much to your well-known discretion, but he enjoins upon you to proceed with caution, and by no means to hazard the safety of your expedition.

Report as often as circumstances will permit.

Heartily wishing you success, I am, &amp;c.

E. D. TOWNSEND.

Colonel C. P. STONE, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, Washington.
HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1861-9 p.m.

Colonel C. P. STONE, U. S. Army, Commanding, &c., Rockville, Md.:

SIR: The following is a copy of a dispatch received this afternoon from General Patterson, which is communicated for your guidance:

CHAMBERSBURG, June 11, 1861.

Colonel Wallace (regiment of volunteers from Evansville, Ind.) yesterday peaceably occupied Cumberland, and acts on my instructions of the 6th instant. He will call to-day on small parties of secession militia in his vicinity. I advance on Friday, the earliest day.

Major Porter, A. A. G.,in a note says the general with not receive all his transportation before Monday, the 17th instant. The General-in-Chief thinks you are a day or two in advance of General Patterson's movement, taking the above date in connection with the rise in the river, and he suggests that you time your advance accordingly.

* * * * * *

I am, &c.,E. D. TOWNSEND.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 22, 1861.

Colonel CHAS. P. STONE, Fourteenth Infantry:

COLONEL; The General-in-Chief desires me to say he has written to General Patterson to propose a column in the direction intimated in conjunction with a movement in co-operation from Alexandria. Of course your column would be absorbed by General Patterson in this movement. The General-in-Chief would be glad that you should furnish him any suggestions which may occur to you. Instructions have been given to General Mansfield to carry out your suggestions as to the battalion of District volunteers stationed at Seneca Mills, also to supply their place by a suitable force.

Respectfully, &c.,

SCHUYLER HAMILTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Military Secretary.

WASHINGTON, July 6, 1861.

Colonel C. P. STONE, U. S. Army:

SIR: Your several telegrams of the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th instant, and letters of the 4th and two of the 5th, have been received.*

The General-in-Chief has been highly pleased with the whole conduct of your expedition and only regrets that it has not been in his power

---------------

*Telegrams of 2nd and 4th not fund; the others appear as reports, post.

---------------

