
sent back to Washington, and having permitted the battalion evidently to become demoralized, I have issued an order directing its return to Washington, where I recommend that it be mustered out of service.

If practicable, a small regiment should be ordered to the post (Seneca Mills) lately occupied by that battalion.

I yesterday reconnoitered the river up to Noland's Ferry, and found no signs of the enemy. I passed within three miles of the Point of Rocks.

Very respectfully, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Colonel Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

POOLESVILLE, June 22, 1861.

COLONEL: I had the honor to report yesterday some dissatisfaction in the Second Battalion District of Columbia Volunteers,in my zeal, and that I had ordered that corps to Washington. Later in the day such urgent appeals were made to me by all the officers of the battalion, that I consented to suspend the order directing its return, and it will hold the same position as before-Seneca Mills. I consider that part of the line of the Potomac so important, that I recommend its being strengthened by a small regiment or a strong battalion, which I cannot spare from this region.

The Ninth New York now occupies the mouth of the Monocacy and the line of the river Potomac as far as Noland's Ferry.

The wheat crops of this region are now within a few days of harvest, and are very abundant. Loudoun County, Virginia, is exceedingly productive and next week will commence one of the richest harvests ever made there. I deem it very important that county should be occupied, so as to save the crops of the many loyal citizens there, and prevent the enemy seizing them and gaining advantage of the supplies.

I was this morning applied to for security for a crop immediately opposite, belonging to a Union man, but do not feel at liberty to cross until some communication comes from General Patterson, showing his dispositions and those of the enemy. I have sent messengers as far as eight miles above the Point of Rocks, but they were unable to learn anything concerning the position of troops of either force.

I respectfully renew my application for more field pieces or mountain howitzers; and if a small portion of the force now with General Patterson can be caused to join me Loudoun County can be secured and the enemy made very uneasy on his left flank while he faces General McDowell.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Colonel Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army.

POOLESVILLE, June 23, 1861.

COLONEL: I have received Lieutenant-Colonel Hamilton's letter of

the 22nd instant, informing me of the proposition of the General-in-Chief to General Patterson to make a movement South, &amp;c.

