
have been yesterday morning at least ten thousand, and this informer said that he saw all baggage packed and the force ready to move at a moment's notice.

I am not in a position to relieve the loyal people up the Potomac, but am impressed with the absolute necessity of relief being promptly afforded.

I respectfully request again, with the risk of being deemed importunate, an additional force of artillery of some class be sent me,and that the cavalry force may be increased by the remainder of Company H, Second Cavalry now in Washington, if it can be possibly afforded. I am much cramped for pickets of mounted men and escorts for reconnoitering purposes.

The health of the command continues good.

Very respectfully, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE

Colonel Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army.

CAMP NEAR POOLESVILLE, June 27, 1861

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of copy of letter to General Patterson of 25th instant. Nothing of importance has occurred since my last report. The Virginia guards at the ferries seem to have been replaced by South Carolina troops, who recommenced the unsoldier like practice of firing at pickets across the river. The fire was carefully returned, and nothing of the kind has taken place for twenty-four hours past.

Colonel Patterson reports that the South Carolina troops, who passed Goose Creek the day before yesterday, are said to have encamped about two to two and one-half miles south of that creek, a mile or two back from the Potomac. I respectfully repeat my application for more cavalry for reconnoitering purposes, and additional field pieces. This command can properly man four more pieces if they can be furnished, as one of the companies of the Pennsylvania regiment has been well drilled at a battery in Philadelphia (Cadwalader's old battery), and I have with me three officers of the regular artillery. Guns in position would enable me to dispose of a more considerable portion of the infantry force for the watching of the fords, always numerous, and daily becoming more so as the dry weather continues. The health of the command remains excellent, the sick report not averaging three percentum of the force.

Considering the circumstances of the District of Columbia Volunteers, I respectfully recommend that said infantry force be replaced by a regiment of State troops, and if an additional regiment can be spared, it would greatly facilitate my operations.

Very respectfully, I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Colonel Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General U. S. Army, Headquarters of the Army.

