
panies from his won and two companies from the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment, and at 8 p.m.t proceed to New Creek Depot, eighteen miles west of Cumberland, on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and disperse the force there collected, bring away the two pieces of artillery, and burn the railroad bridges. The directions, I am happy to assure you, were carried out to the letter, and the march

of thirty-six miles accomplished between 8 p.m. and 12 the next day. Some 250 of the Federal troops, after a slight stand, retired in disorder, with a loss of a few men. The bridge was then burned and Colonel Vaughn retired, bringing with him the two pieces of artillery and a stand of colors.

To Colonel Vaughn and his officers and men I am much indebted for the handsome manner in which my orders were carried out.

Inclosed you will find the report of Colonel Vaughn.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HILL,

Colonel Thirteenth Regiment, Commanding Brigade.,

Colonel E. K. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel John C. Vaughn, Third Tennessee Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD TENNESSEE REGIMENT,COLONEL HILL'S BRIGADE, C. S. ARMY,

June 19, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on yesterday, at 8 p.m. in pursuance to your orders, I took two companies of the Thirteenth Virginia also two companies of Third Tennessee Volunteers, C. S. Army, commanded by Captains Lillard and Mathes, and advanced eighteen miles west to the line of the enemy, upon the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and found them posted in some strength, with two pieces of artillery, on the north bank of the Potomac, at the twenty-first bridge on said road. The enemy had no pickets posted.

At 5 a.m. after reconnoitering, I gave the order to charge the enemy, which command, I beg leave to say, was gallantly executed and in good order, but with great enthusiasm. As we appeared in sight,at a distance of 400 yards, the enemy broke and field in all directions, firing as they ran only a few random shots, one of which, however, I regret to say, entered the arm of the Private Smith, of Captain Lillard's company, which was in advance, wounding, him slightly. The enemy did not wait to fire their artillery, which we captured, consisting of two loaded guns, both of which, however, were spiked by the enemy before they fled.

From the best information their number was between 200 and 300. I do not know the loss of the enemy, but several were seen to fall. We did not take any prisoners, owing to the start the enemy got and to our having left in the rear all the horses belonging to my command.

I then ordered the twenty-first railroad bridge to be fired, which was done, and in a few minutes only the piers remained. In further pursuance of your order I then retired, bringing with me the two guns.

The enemy's flag, which I forgot to mention, was captured, and other articles of little value.

