
command of Lieutenant Beale, Captain Garnett being sick and absent) dismounted as skirmishers, leaving the rest of my command in reserve. We swept entirely through the bushes on the Point and did not get in view of the enemy until we reached a marsh that separated us from them, and was entirely commanded by the steamer and the vessel. On arriving in this position we discovered the enemy getting into their boats about two hundred and fifty or three hundred yards distant, and we immediately commenced a fire both upon the boats and the steamer. The boats returned our fire two or three times, and then all of their men, except two or three who had fallen overboard, lay down in their boats, and it was some time before they could get their oarsmen to pull the boats from the shore.

We feel confident, from the number of men who never rose from the bottom of the boats and the blood upon the shore, that there were eight or then killed and several more wounded.

After we had fired five or six rounds the steamer opened fire upon us with shot and shell, but by making my men lie down nobody was hurt. After firing several times the steamer went high up the river in order to meet their boats, which could not come to them, as they would have to approach nearer to our skirmishers. Having accomplished my purpose I would not allow my men to cross the marsh, as it would have exposed them to a raking fire from the steamer, but returned in the same direction we had come.

I have never realized until yesterday how absolutely necessary artillery is at this point. With a single smooth-bored 12-pounder I could have sunk the steamer and vessel without exposing my men more than they were. I am happy to say that my men acted very gallantly throughout the action.

Very respectfully submitted.

RO. M. MAYO,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel D. RUGGLES.

JULY 1, 1861. - Arrest of the Police Commissioners of Baltimore, Md.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. - Order from General Scott for the arrest of the Commissioners.

Numbers 2. - Reports of Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3. - Instructions to Colonel John R. Kenly, First Maryland Infantry.

Numbers 4. - Report of the Board of Police Commissioners.

Numbers 5. - Memorial of the Board of Police Commissioners.

Numbers 6. - Memorial of the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore.

Numbers 7. - Resolution of the House of Representatives and reply of the President.

Numbers 1. Order from General Scott for the arrest of the Commissioners.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, June 24, 1861.

SIR: Mr. Snethen, of Baltimore, a gentleman of standing, will deliver to you this communication. He has just given to the Secretary of War and myself many important facts touching the subject of [the] Union in that city. It is confirmed by him, that among the citizens, the seces-

