
of four hundred men to serve as police officers, in order that the city should not be entirely divested of all police protection, which, with the aid of many loyal citizens, was effected, and the men sworn to the just performance of their duty, in the course of a few hours.

The city has remained in perfect order and quiet since the organization of the new police. The headquarters of the police, when vacated by the officers appointed by the board, resembled a concealed arsenal. Large quantities of arms and ammunition were found secreted in such placed and with such skill as to forbid the thought of their being held for just or lawful purposes. An inventory of the arms and ammunition will be forwarded. Colonel Kenly has performed his duties as provost-marshal in the most prompt faithful, and discreet manner.

This morning at 4 o'clock the members of the board of police were arrested by my order, and, together with the chief of police, are now securely held in custody by Major Morris, commanding officer at Fort McHenry in behalf of the Government of the United States. The persons arrested are Messrs. Charles Howard, president of the board; William H. Gatchell, Charles D. Hinks, and John W. Davis, being all its members, except the mayor of the city, who is connected ex officio with this department.

In view of possible occurrences, and the better to meet contingent action of disloyal persons, rumors of which have reached me from quarters entitled to respect, I have placed a large part of the force under my command within the city, and in possession of the principal public squares. No building of importance will be occupied, and no obstruction to the business of the city occur, unless it be upon the strongest public necessity. The troops will be withdrawn from the city as soon as the question of the conflicting forces of police can be arranged. This I believe will de done at once. The arrests of this morning and the reasons for the occupation of the city have been announced by proclamation, a copy of which is herewith inclose [B.].

I have the gratification to inform you that all the arrests have been made without disturbance, and that the city is now and has been since the arrest of the chief of police more quiet and orderly than for any time for many months previous.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, you obedient servant,

NATH. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT,

Commander-in-Chief of the Army.

[Inclosure A.]

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,June 27, 1861.

To the People of the City of Baltimore:

By virtue of authority vested in me, and in obedience to orders, as commanding general of the Military Department of Annapolis, I have arrested and do now detain in custody Mr. George P. Kane, chief of police of the city of Baltimore. I deem it proper at this the moment of arrest to make formal and public declaration of the motive by which I have been governed in this proceeding. It is not my purpose, neither is it in consonance with my instructions, to interfere in any manner whatever with the legitimate government of the people of Baltimore or

