
They demand as a matter of right that citizens may e secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures, and that they be not deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. They demand as a matter of right that the military render obedience to the civil authority, that our municipal laws be respected, that officers be released from imprisonment and restored to the lawful exercise of their functions, that the police government established by law be no longer impeded by armed force to the injury of peace and order. These their rightful demands your memorialist submit for the consideration of your honorable bodies.

Numbers 7. Resolution of the House of Representatives and reply of the President.

RESOLUTION.

Resolved, That the President be requested immediately to communicate to this House, if in his judgment not incompatible with the public interest, the grounds, reason, and evidence upon which the police commissioners of Baltimore were arrested, and are now detained as prisoners at Fort McHenry.

Adopted, July 24, 1864.

REPLY.

WASHINGTON, July 27, 1864.

To the House of Representatives:

In answer to the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 24th instant, asking the grounds, reason, and evidence upon which the police commissioners of Baltimore were arrested and are now detained as prisoners at Fort McHenry, I have to state that it is judged to be incompatible with the public interest at this time to furnish the information called for by the resolution.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

JULY 2-25, 1861.-Operations in the Shenandoah Valley.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

July 2, 1861.-General Patterson's command crosses the Potomac River.

Engagement at Falling Waters, or Hoke's Run.

3, 1861.-Martinsburg occupied by Union forces.

15, 1861.-Skirmish near Bunker Hill.

18, 1861.-Main body of Confederate forces withdrawn.

21, 1861.-Skirmish at Charleston.

25, 1861.-General Patterson superseded by Major-General Banks.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Major General Robert Patterson, Pennsylvania Militia, with orders and correspondence, and including application for Court of Inquiry.

Numbers 2.-Captain James H. Simpson, U. S. Topographical Engineers.

Numbers 3.-Colonel George H. Thomas, Second U. S. Cavalry.

