
visions in this part of the country are limited, and consequently with my present transportation I can advance but a short distance before I am compelled to halt. As soon as provisions arrive I shall advance to Winchester to drive the enemy from that place, if any remain. I then design to move towards Charleston, to which point I believe Colonel Stone is advancing, and, if I find it not hazardous, to continue to Leesburg. I must do this or abandon the country, by retiring the way I came, in consequence of the term of the three months' volunteers being about to expire. They will not, in any number, renew their service, though I think the offer should be made.

The Union sentiment here is apparently very strong, but may fear a reverse, and that this force will retire, either voluntarily of forcibly. The people cannot be made use of to raise a force for self-defense unless supported by a strong force of U. S. troops.

I desire to be informed of the wish of the General-in-Chief in regard to the continued occupation of this region. I have ordered up all force in the rear, except the Connecticut regiment, five companies of which are stationed at each of the depots, Williamsport and Hagerstown. The Rhode Island Battery and the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers join me to-night.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army, Washington City.

MARTINSBURG, July 4, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Received your confidential letter by Lieutenant Jones,* of the Rhode Island Battery, and will regulate accordingly, though may have to act earlier. Seven miles in advance is General Johnston with 15,000 to 18,000 foot, 22 guns, and 650 horse. See my letter of date, and private one from Major Porter. Please keep me advised.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 5, 1861.

General R. PATTERSON:

In necessary, call up the regiment left at Fredericksburg, and I will replace it. In an extreme case, order Colonel Wallace to join you.

Colonel Stone was yesterday opposite Harper's Ferry, with greater part of his force.

Your telegrams of the 3rd and 4th received with satisfaction.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, July 5, 1861-10 p. m.

Major-General PATTERSON, Martinsburg:

Your letter of the 4th is received. Orders were sent this morning to Madison for the Third and Fourth Regiments from Wisconsin to repair

---------------

*Probably Townsend to Patterson, July 1, p. 157.

---------------

