
to Williamsport via Chaambersburg and report to you. The Nineteenth and Twenty-eighth New York Regiments leave here for Hagerstown to-morrow at half past 2 p. m. You will have to provide transportation for them thence to the post you may order them to. If any three-months' men will re-engage for the long term, designate a Regular officer of your command to muster them, provided a sufficient number to form a regiment can be obtained. Having defeated the enemy, if you can continue the pursuit without too great hazard, advance via Leesburg (or Strasburg) towards Alexandria; but consider the dangerous defiles, especially via Strasburg, and move with great cautio, halting at Winchester and threatening a movement by Strasburg; or the passage of the Potomac twice, and coming down by Leesburg, may be the more advantageous movement.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

MARTINSBURG, VA., July 5, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Washington City:

Have ordered up everything-Colonel Stone, Cumberland, and Frederick force. Large re-enforcements have come in from Manassas.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, VA., July 6, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT:

Telegram of yesterday received. Many thanks for the Wisconsin and New York regiments. Can you give me the New York Sixty-ninth (Colonel Corcoran)? I know you will appreciate thee motive which prompts me to urge this request, and pardon my importunity. The insurgents have unquestionably received large re-enforcements, and are said to have twenty-six thousand, with twenty-four guns, many rifled, and some of very large caliber. I hope in proper season to give you a good account of them. Colonel Stone is coming up on the Maryland side, and will probably reach Williamsport to-morrow. Wallace ordered on.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

BUCKHANNON, VA., July 6, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

General Patterson informs me that he has ordered Wallace away from Cumberland. From what I know of the state of affairs there I ask the General-in-Chief to direct that Cumberland and Piedmont may be occupied by Pennsylvania State troops. Great difficulty is liable to ensue if this be not done.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 6, 1861.

General PATTERSON, Martinsburg, Va.:

Governor Curtin has been requested to send two regiments of State troops (probably the two near Bedford) to Cumberland to hold that

