
from me all my available artillery, and only after the enemy had had time to become vastly my superior in artillery, infantry, and cavalry, and was entrenched. In answer to my earnest appeals he re-enforced me only after the occasion for employing re-enforcements had passed away.

4th. That if the General-in-Chief designed me to do more than threaten the enemy at Winchester, he did not divulge his wish.

5th. That if the General-in-Chief expected me to follow to Manassas "close upon the heels of Johnston," he expected a physical impossibility; the enemy moving part of the way by rail from an intermediate point, while our army was on foot, entering an enemy's country, and guarding a heavy train and a depot retained by him in an improper place.

6th. The General-in-Chief forbade pursuit of the enemy in the event that he should retire towards Manassas, fearing to press him on Washington.

7th. That I was informed by the General-in-Chief the attack on Manassas would be made on Tuesday, the 16th of July, instead of Sunday, the 21st; at which time he directed me to make such a demonstration upon Winchester as to keep the enemy at that place. I claim that the demonstration was made on that day, and that he did not avail himself of the fruits of that movements, as he had expected to do. All that was demanded of me, and more, was effected.

8th. That if the army I had commanded had attacked Winchester on Tuesday, the 16th of July, as it has since been alleged I was ordered to do, two armies, instead of one, would have been demoralized, and the enemy would have turned with all the flush of victory to a triumph in front of Washington.

9th. That I have suffered additional injustice at the hands of the General-in-Chief, who sanctioned and fixed the impression that the enemy at Winchester was inferior to me in front in every arm of service, and yet has not corrected that report, although he knew two days after the battle of Bull Run that siege artillery heavier than mine, and three times as numerous, had been left by the enemy at Winchester, while a greater number of guns had been carried away.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON.

PHILADELPHIA, November 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully request that you will do me the justice to refer to my letter of the 1st instant, and give it your early attention. I cannot refrain from intimating a confident hope that my application for a court of inquiry will meet with your favorable consideration, and that an order for the detail will be made at the earliest moment consistent with the interests of the service.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 30, 1861.

General R. PATTERSON, Philadelphia, Pa.:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th instant, calling my attention to your communication of the 1st of

