
Now, it was at the reception of that news too late to call off the troops from the attack, and, besides, though opposed to the movement at first, we had all become animated and sanguine of success,, and it is not true that I was urged by anybody in authority to stop the attack, which was commenced as early, I think, as the 18th of July.

10. I have but time to say that among the disadvantages under which I have been writing are these: I have not had within reach one of my own papers and not an officer who was with me at the period in question.

Respectfully submitted to the committee.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain James H. Simpson, U. S. Topographical Engineers.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Martinsburg, Va., July 4, 1861.

MAJOR: I have to report that the column under General Patterson crossed the Potomac from Williamsport into Virginia on the morning of the 2nd, and encamped the same night at Hainesville, on Hoke's Run, twelve miles distant. The main column, under General Patterson, consisting of probably three fourths of the command, took the most direct route. The balance of the command, under the command of General Negley, and which I accompanied, took a more circuitous route, the object being to sweep the whole country. We met the enemy on both routes, but they could not withstand the force of our array, and, after exchanging some shots, fled precipitately. The next morning we started for this city, which we reached yesterday before noon, or entry being of the most gallant character, and the citizens generally receiving us with cheers of granulations and sweet smiles of smiles of approbation. The enemy in a small body is posted small body is posted, or were yesterday, about two and one-half miles from us on the Winchester road, but they will not be permitted to remain there long. To-day our train has gone to Williamsport to obtain supplies. The main body of the enemy is represented as being entrenched about seven miles from us on the Winchester road. They are variously estimated by the citizens of the country from 7,000 to 20,000 strong. We probably are about 10,000 strong.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. SIMPSON,

Captain, Topographical Engineers.

Major HARTMAN BACHE,

Commanding Corps Topographical Engineers, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel George H. Thomas, Second U. S. Cavalry.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 1ST DIV., PATTERSON'S COLUMN,Camp near Martinsburg, Va., July 3, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Brigade, under my command, in the encounter with the enemy on the 2nd instant. About one mile in advance of Falling Waters, on the road from Williamsport, Md., to Martinsburg, Va., Col-

