
had in the mean time been placed in position on the right. The companies rallied upon the center, and fell back slowly and in perfect order keeping up their firing upon the enemy, and after reaching the head of column I deployed the whole right wing, Companies A, B, C, D, and E, assisted by Company F, of left wing, upon the enemy's left front as skirmishers, sending at the same time the balance of the regiment by companies to the front by the road. The skirmishers, sustained by the left four companies to the front by the road. The skirmishers, sustained by the left four companies, turned the right flank of the enemy, and with the assistance of the artillery, drove the enemy's right flank in, and routed them from the woods. The whole regiment was then rallied on the color company, and deployed immediately to the front and in advance of the column as skirmishers, sustaining such position until a halt was made by the whole column. My regiment was most handsomely sustained in the outset by the artillery and Eleventh Pennsylvania Regiment Volunteers, Colonel Jarrett, and afterwards by them and other troops in the column.

The field officers, Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, Major Lane, and Adjutant Poole, are entitled from me to great praise for their promptness and great efficiency in the skirmish. Officers and men all behaved with the utmost bravery, and are entitled to great credit as raw troops.

The casualties consist in the death of Private George Drake, of Company A; Sergeant W. M. Graham, Company B, dangerously wounded, being shot in three separate places; Color Sergeant Fred. Hutching, wounded in the leg, belongs to Company E, color company; Privates William Matthews, P. O. Pummer, and Henry Young, of Company G, wounded; first two in the legs, other in the head; and Sol. Wyse, of Company K, taken prisoner by the enemy's cavalry on the extreme right of skirmishers, when deployed to the front, just as a halt was ordered and a rally being made on the center.

I have the honor to be, yours, to command,

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Colonel, Commanding First Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

Colonel ABERCROMBIE, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel P. Jarrett, Eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Martinsburg, July 3, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by my command in the engagement of yesterday morning. The regiment being formed in the woods to the right of the turnpike, I detached Companies A, B, and C as skirmishers, with a view of outflanking the enemy, whose cavalry were making a demonstration in that direction, and moved forward, maintaining a fire against the enemy, who retired as I advanced until I reached the point where I rejoined the left of the regiment. The loss in this part of the command was one wounded.

At the same time the remainder of the regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Coulter, was advanced by him in line (Companies D and E being extended upon the right as skirmishers), with a view of turning the enemy's guns upon the road. In this manner he moved forward upon the open ground for about one mile, keeping up a very brisk fire with the enemy until the woods to the right of their guns were

