
occupied. The general is delayed by the non-arrival of supplies, but hopes to occupy Beverly on Tuesday, at latest - probably on Monday.

He asks you to do all in your power to hold the enemy in check in their position, and to include them to believe that you will make the main attack; object being to cut them off at Beverly.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Letter from Lieutenant Colonel John Pegram, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS AT MR. KITTLE'S HOUSE,Near Tygart's Valley River, 6 Miles from Beverly, July 12, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF NORTHERN FORCES, Beverly, Va.:

SIR: I write to state to you that I have, in consequence of the retreat of General Garnett, and the jaded and reduced condition of my command, most of them having been without food for two days, concluded, with the concurrence of a majority of my captains and field officers, to surrender my command to you to-morrow as prisoners of war. I have only to add, i trust they will only receive at your hands such treatment as has been invariably shown to the Northern prisoners by the South.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN PEGRAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, P. A. C. S., Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

Letter from General McClellan to John Pegram, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Beverly, Va., July 13, 1861.

JOHN PEGRAM, Esq.,

Stiling himself Lieutenant-Colonel, P. A. C. S.:

SIR: Your communication, dated yesterday, proposing to surrender as prisoners of war the force assembled under your command, has been delivered to me. I will receive you, Your officers and men, as prisoners, and I will treat you and them with the kindness due to prisoners of war, but it is not in my power to relieve you or them from any liabilities incurred by taking arms against the United States.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. MCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Camp near Huttonsville, Va., July 15, 1861.

COLONEL: I have sent by Major Marcy a brief account of the operations which have resulted in the dispersion of the rebels in this portion of Western Virginia and driving them completely beyond the mountains. I am in constant expendation of hearing from General Cox that his efforts to drive the Wisses out of the Kanawha Valley and occupy the Gauley Bridge have been crowned with success. Should there be any delay in that quarter, I will take a few regiments and move by

