
on the only ground fit for the camp at the bridge, which the Eighth and Tenth were sent to cover at the point marched C. Schleich had gone into camp at the Elk Camp at A on the sketch. I returned home at 12.30 o'clock last night, and this morning read your letter of the 27th. Yesterday intelligence of the non-occupation of Buckhannon was confirmed this morning by a scout of the Nineteenth, who slept there last night, and found no secession forces. As telegraphed you last night, i am more and afraid we shall be compelled to hunt rather than fight.

After these details of my movements and position I have only to add that, according to the tenor of your instructions to occupy Buckhannon with one regiment when I deemed it safe, I have sent the Ninth Ohio, under Colonel McCook, who will probably reach there by 6 o'clock this evening.

No one, ny dear general, among your general friends, has more disinterested and earnest wishes for the success of your efforts than the writer of this letter. None under your command are more loyally, cheerfully ready to conform to the duties of a subordinate position, and I even flatter myself I understand the position as well as most of your brigadiers. Review, if you please, that letter which you have put on record. and say whether, after you receive this, both private feelings and public interest are likely to be the better for it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Major-General MCCLELLAN.
HDQRS. OHIO AND INDIANA PROV. Brigadier, UNITED STATES VOLUNTEER MILITIA,Camp Buchannon, June 30, 1861.

SIR: I send this by special messenger to open communication with you. By order of Major-General McClellan, after a night's march I occupied this place with my brigade - the Eighth and Tenth Indiana and Nineteenth Ohio - this morning at 7 o' clock amid the cheers and granulations of the citizens. The Beverly and Weston roads are occupied in peace, and patrols will be established to scour the country in all directions. Let me know you are situated, and advise me of anything relating to the movements of the secessionists in our region and elsewhere.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. RESECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel E. B. TYLER,

Seventh Ohio U. S. Volunteer Infantry, Weston.
HDQRS. OHIO AND INDIANA PROV. Brigadier, UNITED STATES VOLUNTEER MILITIA,Buchannon, Va., July 3, 1861.

GENERAL: Of the matters on which I wished to consult was the order to be given to the detached portion of the Seventeenth Ohio Regiment. Colonel Connell, with Lieutenant-Colonel Pond and four companies of the regiment, was detached and landed at Petroleum on the 26th ultimo, with orders to proceed to Hughes' River, and take position to command the Staunton road and the road from Glenville through Burning Springs

