
were on picket guard the previous evening, and had made a most fatiguing march through the rain and with only inadequate supplies of food, their conduct was admirable.

Among those who are entitled to special mention are Colonel Lander, who with the guide led the way into the very midst of the action; Colonel Manson, of the Tenth Indiana, who was everything along his lines, inspiring the men by his voice and presence, and who bravely led the charge of his regiment. Colonel Benton was ready to obey orders, and moved among his men with alacrity. Colonel Sullivan charged with his command as the rebels were dispersing, and captured several of the prisoners. major Wilson, of the Eighth, was conspicuous for coolness and promptitude of action. Lieutenant-Colonel Colgrove, of the Eighth, deserves especial mention for his coolness while forming his lines of the regiment under fire. Major Fortes, of the Thirteenth, showed coolness and self-possession in forming a portion of his men under the fire of the cannons.

My thanks are due Captain Kingsbury, my assistant adjutant-general, and to Captain A. Irwin Harrison, for their valuable and efficient aid in carrying orders under fire.

The Tenth Indiana was under fire for an hour and a half. The Nineteenth Ohio distinguished itself for the cool and handsome manner in which they held their post against a flank attack, and for the manner in which they came into line and delivered their fire near the sloe of the action. I consider Colonel Beatty to have managed his well, and to have been ably seconded by Colonel Hollingsworth and Major Buckley.

For the individuals who distinguished themselves under the eyes of their regimental commanders I respectfully refer to the reports of colonels of regiments, herewith submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Major S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Hdqrs. Army West Virginia.

Numbers 6. Reports of Brigadier General T. A. Morris, Indiana Militia, of skirmishes at Belington and Laurel Hill, pursuit of Garnett's forces, and action at Carrick's Ford.

HDQRS. NEAR BELINGTON, VA., July 9, 1861.

SIR: Since my report of the 7th instant, i have the honor to inform the commanding general that we now occupy the Elliott farm. Our advanced position is behind Belington, some two hundred yards beyond Belington. A heavy body of timber then commences, which is now occupied by the enemy in large force. Skirmishing has been going on since the occupation of our position. Yesterday they appeared in such force that we threw several shells in the wood, and attempted to occupy it with our pickets; but we were driven in, with the loss of two killed and three wounded. Our total loss up to this time, in killed, is 4; wounded, 6; missing, 1.

I feel sure we could hold this side of the wood, did it not extend our lines too much beyond the point we are instructed to retain. Captain

