
At 5 1/2 a. m. Sunday morning Colonel Irvine's scouts cam in, and informed me that the enemy were retreating by way of Red House Corners. We immediately got under way and gave chase, arriving at the Corners at 7 a. m., a distance of seven miles. Here we learned they had passed at 5 a. m., with the exception of a regiment or two still back. We immediately selected two companies of rifles - one from the Eighth, Captain Daggett, and one from the Sixteenth - and ordered them to proceed southward toward Texas Corners, and meet them if possible upon advantageous grounds, the main body, supposed to be, from what we learned from prisoners, about 5,000 strong, having got two and a half [hours] the start. We continued the case until we were within eight miles of them, having traveled six miles. We halted to make reconnaissance, when we were overtaken by General Hill. The balance of our march was made under the supervision of the commanding general.

When I started on Sunday morning in pursuit many of my command had taken no breakfast, and made the entire march of that day with but half a biscuit. We had not one day's provisions on hand, and our means of transportation were so limited as to cut off the hope of an immediate supply. My command had at that time received no horses or wagons from the Government, and my only means of transportation were teams pressed into service from farmers in and about Oakland.

H. G. DEPUY,

Colonel Eighth Regiment, O. V. M.

Brigadier-General HILL.

Numbers 11. Reports of Colonel Thomas Morton, Twentieth Ohio Infantry, of operations from July 13 to 15.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH REGIMENT O. V. M.,Oakland, Md., July 20, 1861.

SIR: On Saturday, July 13, at 11 o'clock a. m., I received your order directing me to withdraw such of the forces under my command as I might deem prudent from the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad between Benwood and Grafton, and join you at Oakland, Md. Accordingly I dispatched Major Lamison over the line of said road, with instructions to withdraw from said line Companies A, F, I, and K, and proceed with them to such points as might learn I would occupy, unless otherwise instructed. On the afternoon of same day O proceeded, with a detachment of one company of the Virginia First, Captain Britt; one company of the Virginia Second; two pieces of artillery, under Captain Daum; and Companies B and E, of the Twentieth Regiment O. V. M., to Oakland, at which place I arrived at 10 o'clock p. m. of said day. Owing to a want of the means of transportation, I was delayed at Oakland until 10 o'clock on Sunday morning, when I marched forward to the Red House, at which point I arrived at 2 o'clock p. m., and thence proceeded in pursuit of the rebel forces over the Northwestern turnpike, until I met you with your forces returning. While at the Red House, Major Lamison arrived with the forces under his command, having made a most orderly and rapid march, for the particulars of which I refer you to his report, a copy of which I herewith transmit. The officers and men under my command conducted themselves in the most soldierlike manner, and to their hearty co-operation and energy I

