
Numbers 12. Report of Major Charles N. Lamison, Twentieth Ohio Infantry, of operations July 13 and 14.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH REGIMENT O. V. M.,Oakland, Md., July 20, 1861.

SIR: At 1 1/2 a. m., Saturday, July 13, I received your order directing me to proceed over the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and with Companies A, F, I, and K, then stationed at different points on said line, with them to join you at Oakland, Md., or at such other point as I might learn you might then occupy. Accordingly, I at once ordered transportation from Whelling, and dispatched Adjutant Evans over the line from Fairmont, who brought the several detachments to Grafton, at which place we arrived at 2 a. m. Sunday. Owing to delays on the road, occasioned by trains on the road and the unwillingness of conductors to proceed, I did not arrive at Oakland until 12 o'clock m. Sunday. On my arrival, learning that you had proceeded to Chisholm's Mill, I at once, without taking any baggage, put my detachment in motion, and at 3 o'clock reached the Red House, on the Northwestern turnpike, at which place I met you returning with the forces under General Hill. The conduct of the men and officers under my command is deserving of much credit, and to their energy and hearty co-operation I am indebted for rapidity of my movements.

Respectfully, i am, yours,

CHARLES N. LAMISON,

Major Twentieth Regiment O. V. M.

THOMAS MORTON,

Commanding Twentieth Regiment O. V. M.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel G. W. Andrews, Fifteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations from July 13 to 15.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH REGIMENT O. V. M.,Oakland, Md., July 19, 1861.

In answer to your order, directing me to report to you the steps taken by me to intercept the rebels in their late flight from Laurel Hill, the force I had to march against them, &amp;c., i have to say: On Saturday, 13th instant, at about 4 o'clock p. m., immediately after receiving your orders to move all my available forces up Cheat River from Rowlesburg, so as to take position near the bridge of the river, some four miles south of Rowlesburg, I moved what forces I could spare, making, with what I already had at that camp (Cheat River), about four hundred and fifty.

Before going to the bridge I sent for the late sheriff of Preston County, Virginia, knowing him to be a loyal man, and very intelligent and useful in describing the geography of the country. I directed him to summon to his aid four other citizen in whom we could fully confide, and report them to me at Cheat River forthwith. He did all I required with great promptitude. After this preparation I marched to Cheat River Bridge, and arrived there about 8 1/2 o'clock p. m. same day. Mr. Shaffer sat down with me in my tent, and made a rough and hasty draught of the

