
It is supposed that the missing will yet reach the camp. Heck left his four cannon, and about twenty teams and ordnance. Curry and Pegram were not in condition to leave the fort, and insisted on being left, and are supposed to be prisoners.

M. G. HARMAN,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES,Staunton, Va., July 15, 1861.

Major General ROBERT E. LEE:

DEAR SIR: After your dispatch of to-day, I have informed all that no company would be received as a volunteer company for less than three years or the war, except those companies that were in process of organization before the proclamation.

I would earnestly suggest for your consideration and prompt action the great importance of fortifying Cheat Mountain, and sending forces on the right and left, so as to guard the road from Huttonsville to Huntersville, and prevent the enemy from approaching the Central Railroad, at either Millborough or Jackson's River, and from near Beverly, through Hardy and Pendleton, and thence to Rockingham, in rear of General Johnston. I would call your attention to the fact that there is a very good road down on the eastern base of Cheat Mountain to Huntesville.

Our retreat, in my opinion, to Monterey, is disastrous to us. If not Changed, by marching at once upon Cheat Mountain and taking possession of it and fortifying it, so that we can hold them in check in front, and flank them on the right and left, the retreat to Monterey will have a very demoralizing effect upon our people. And I would urge upon you the great importance of keeping the enemy from ever touching this country, for Union men, in great numbers, would be found here in this county, and other counties in the valley, if the Federal troops were here in force to protect them. It is necessary, to keep all our people loyal, to keep the enemy from having an opportunity to tamper with many of them. Of course, I would not express this opinion where it would be spoken of, as it would have a bad effect; but I assure you it is nevertheless true.

I hope you will not consider me as desiring to press my opinions, but my knowledge of the country induces me to make these suggestions. I feel confident that if Colonel had gone to the aid of Colonel Pegram we would have gained a victory instead of meeting with a serious defeat. The enemy displayed no courage after defeating us on the top of Rich Mountain, or the whole force at Camp Garnett would have been cut to pieces. If President Davis would take twelve-months' volunteers, the call for the militia could be turned to a good account.

M. G. HARMAN,

Major, Commanding.

STAUNTON, VA., July 16, 1861.

President DAVIS and Colonel GEORGE DEAS:

Below is a dispatch from General jackson. Send on re-enforcements. I will prepare transportation:

CAMP AT MONTEREY, VA., July 15, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reliable information received that General Garnett, on his retreat from Laurel Hill, through the counties of Tucker and Hardy, towards this point, was pursued and

