
attacked in the rear several times by the enemy and defeated; that on Saturday he himself was killed, and it would seem that command had been routed and dispersed. It is reported that Colonel Heck surrendered. The enemy may advance upon this line towards Staunton, or upon the line by Huntersville and the Warm Springs, to the Central Railroad. Speedy re-enforcements, especially of engineers and artillery, are needed, to enable us to hold our position should he advance. the effective force under my command amounts to from twenty-five hundred to three thousand men, with three pieces of artillery - 6-pounders. More circumstantial accounts will be transmitted at the earliest moment.

HENRY R. JACKSON, Brigadier-General.

Will inform you as further details reach me. Allow me to establish a pony express from this place to Monterey and Winchester.

M. G. HARMAN,

Major, Commanding.

[Answer.]

JULY 16, 1861.

Establish both pony expresses without delay. I will do all in my power to comply with General Jackson's request. Send all reliable information to me.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES,Staunton, Va., July 16, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed is a communication sent you by telegraph, after waiting hours for the office to open.* It is most important that the telegraph offices should be open night and day, and that we should have a through connection between Richmond and Staunton, instead of having a relay at Gordonsville, and thereby creating great delay. The instrument at this office is nearly worn-out, as I months ago informed the superintended of the telegraph line at Richmond in person. See that these matters are corrected.

Yours, very respectfully,

M. G. HARMAN,

Major, Commanding.

P. S.- I have asked the President to allow me to establish a pony express from this place to Monterey and Winchester. By all means, ammunition of all sorts should be sent to this point immediately. I have been notified to report at Richmond, for settlement of my accounts as quartermaster, on the 15th of this month. My accounts are all ready, but the present unfortunate state of affairs will prevent my attendance. Is anything necessary for me to do in regard to it? Please advise me.

Numbers 18. Reports of Brigadier General H. R. Jackson, C. S. Army, of events from July 11 to 16, with correspondence.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Camp at Monterey, Va., July 16, 1861.

SIR: There can be no doubt that during the earlier days of last week the enemy engaged the attention of General Garnett at Laurel Hill by

---------------

* Inclosure given in next preceding dispatch.

---------------

