
accompany the wagons transporting them to that point, it will be returned to your order as scrupulously as the tender of it was courteously made. The fiends of the sick and wounded who may be too feeble to come with these trains will rest altogether tranquil in the assurances which you have given respecting the treatment of the latter. Permit me to add that your well known character as a man had rendered even those assurances a mattery of supererogation.

Lieutenant Bruce and Dr. Garnett (the latter a relative and aid-de-camp of the late and much lamented General Garnett) will bear to you this communication, and will make the necessary arrangements for the removal of the remains of that gallant officer to his home. That his relatives and many friends will most sensibly appreciate your kind acts and words respecting him cannot be a subject of surmise.

I regret to say that there are peculiar reasons which have constrained me to place R. I. Lipford, the bearer of your letter, under arrest. By representing himself to be a lieutenant, when he was simply a private in the Forty-fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, he was guilty of a gross imposition, exhibited his utter unworthiness of any confidence whatsoever, and I could not place this letter in his charge with any sense of security that it would reach you. In detaining him from you for the present, I need hardly assure you that he will not be allowed to violate the parole he has undertaken to give. He will be held in strict custody.

I am, sir, with great respect, your very obedient servant,

HENRY R. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Huttonsville, Randolph County, Virginia, July 15, 1861.

To the OFFICER Commanding the Forces

Commanded by the late Robert S. Garnett, Esq., styling himself Brigadier-General, Confederate States Army:

SIR: As the commander of this department, I have protected the persons of all citizens of Western Virginia, except those engaged in active hostilities against the United States, and, when under a misapprehension of patriotic duty, arrests have been made because of political opinions or sympathies, I have promptly ordered releases. I have protected all private property, by whomsoever owned. My proclamations and general orders on this subject have doubtless been broth to your knowledge. I am informed that arrests have been made in Western Virginia o citizens loyal to the Government of the United States but not in arms for the support of it, and that such prisoners, or some of them, are within your control. I suggest to you the propriety of releasing all such persons, their detention being not only individual hardships, but calculated to increase the troubles of this section of the country, without contributing to any military result. Among the prisoners now within your control, and belonging to the class above mentioned, my attention has been called specially to the following names: W. M. Smith, John Brooks, your attention to those and all similar cases.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

