
Numbers 19. Instructions from General Lee to General Jackson.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Richmond, Va., July 16, 1861.

Brigadier General H. R. JACKSON, Monterey, Va.:

GENERAL: In the dispatch of the 14th instant you were directed to take command of the available troops of the Northwestern Army, and oppose the advance of the enemy. I infer, from your dispatch from Monterey of this date, that our troops have retreated to that point. It is important the passes of the Cheat Mountain, or at least those of the Alleghany, should, if practicable, be defended, to prevent the advance of the enemy by the road through Huntersville to Jackson's River and Millborough, where he would obtain command of the Virginia Central Railroad. Re-enforcements for the Northwest are collecting at Stauton, and I shall leave here on the 18th instant to join them.

Respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

Numbers 20. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Heck, Twenty-fifth Virginia Infantry, of operations from May 24 to July 13, including skirmishers July 7 to 9, and engagement at Rich Mountain.

-,--, 1861.

On May 24 I reported for duty to Colonel George A. Porterfield, who was then, with about 100 men, holding the town of Fetterman, three miles west of Grafton, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

On the 25th Colonel Porterfield received a re-enforcement of six or seven raw recruits, infantry and cavalry, under Colonel R. Turk.

On May 26 Colonel Porterfield, with his small force of half-armed and undisciplined troops, took possession of Grafton.

At 12 o'clock on the night of the 26th I was ordered by Colonel Porterfield to proceed to Richmond without delay, and report the condition of his little army, and the necessity of this being re-enforced. I started immediately, and by constant traveling reached Richmond in time to report to General Lee on the evening of the 28th. The general informed me that owing to the movements of the enemy at Alexandria and other points it would be impossible for him to do anything more for the army in the Northwest than to furnish me with some arms at Staunton, Va., and authority to recruit a regiment in the valley and mountain counties immediately on the route to Grafton.

In compliance with his order and instructions I repaired to Stauton on the 29th in company with Major R. E. Cowan, where we proceeded with all possible dispatch, assisted by Colonel M. G. Harman (at that time major and quartermaster at that point), to raise troops and get up supplies. While thus engaged the news of Colonel Porterfield's retreat from Grafton and his subsequent defeat at Philippi reached us. This caused us some delay, as we had to provide clothing as well as provisions, as the army was then suffering, having lost all their guns. We also had some difficulty in fitting up a battery or four pieces (6-pounders), which had been furnished us by Governor Letcher, but was without caissons.

