
ranks and so march in order, and having overtaken a wagon loaded with provisions, we kept it along and guarded it. Reaching Huttonsville at about 3 p. m., where we confidently expected to find Colonel Scott, we found the bridge just falling down from its conflagration by his order, and were told that he had gone to Stipe's.

We had already marched some twenty-two miles, but we went on to Stipe's and there found that he had gone, it was said, to the foot of Cheat Mountain; still pursuing, we reached the foot of Cheat Mountain, eight miles farther, and there, after eating a scanty suppe, we disposed of ourselves upon the bluff commanding the road up the mountain and it approaches, and there spent the night, resting on our arms, for fugitives had reported that 1,200 of the enemy's cavalry was in close pursuit; but we decided that an encounter from an ambuscade was preferable to further retreat in our exhausted condition, having spent a whole day and half the night on our feet in the breastworks, and then retreated thirty miles through dense thickets, over fallen timber and ledges of rocks, through water-courses and along muddy roads; but every man had his arms and ammunition and was ready for an encounter.

On the morning of the 13th we proceeded to the top of Cheat Mountain, at White's, and there found the Churchville and Bath cavalry companies and portions of many other companies collected there after the retreat. All agreed that we would stay there and keep back the enemy, and I was selected as a committee of one by those on the top of the mountain to see Governor Letcher, who we had learned was at Greenbrier River, an get his consent to let us remain there.

Dr. O. Butcher, of Huttonsville, took me down in his sulky, and I had an interview with the governor, whom I found at Yeager's, where the regiment of Colonel Scott and encamped and Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram's regiment, under the command of Major Tyler, and where the regiment of Colonel Johnson (the Twelfth Georgia) came up.

The governor consented to our staying, and we had started back a short distance when a messenger came up and ordered all the men down, and we came down and proceeded up the Alleghany Mountains. That night slept a few hors on the summit, at Yearger's, and then went on Sunday to Monterey, where we encamped. Major Reger procured a horse and left us at Beverly and went on the Yearger's, and got his family and sent them on to Staunton, and then joined us at Monterey on the 14th.

By your order I did not go to my tent on the night of the retreat, and therefore lost all my instruments, notes, maps, and baggage; therefore I am unable to report to you an accurate map of Camp Garnett; but I accompany this report with a map drawn from memory of the camp and surrounding this report with a map drawn from memory of the camp and surrounding country, showing the route of the enemy, and also the route of our retreat as far as Beverly.

After we had been some days in Monterey we were informed that shortly after we left Camp Garnett Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram resumed the command of the forces and sent some one of his staff forward to halt the column, and that owing to the darkness and steepness of the hill he was unable to reach the head of the column, and therefore he interposed himself and a musket into the midst of Captain Lilley's company and so divided it. Private Brownlee Bell, who was at the head of the forces cut off, gave us this information.

As imputations have been cast upon you in reference to the management of the army, &amp;c., at Rich Mountain, on the retreat, &c., I may be permitted, from the opportunity I had of knowing all the facts and cir-

