
ment, Lieutenant Williams commanding; Company D, Twentieth Regiment, Captain Skipwith and Lieutenant Dorset; Company E, Twentieth Regiment, Captain Irving; Company B, Colonel Heck's regiment, Captain Curry; Company A, Colonel Hecks' regiment, Captain Higginbotham, besides a detachment of twenty-one men from the two regiments under Lieutenant Boyd, Twentieth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

Of the officers with the companies sent to re-enforce Captain De Langel I particularly observed Lieutenant Brander's conduct in his efforts to rush his men on to their duty.

BEVERLY, VA., July 15, 1861.

I find on examination that I have failed to mention my whole force at Rich Mountain on the 11th instant. It was about thirteen hundred men, of whom certainly not more than three hundred and fifty at the utmost were engaged in the battle at Hart's house. As I placed them there myself, I am positive on this point. The whole force opposed to me was nearly ten thousand; their force engaged at hart's as before mentioned, three thousand.

I have also failed to mention that very early on the morning of the 11th I made two most urgent appeals to the chief commissary stationed their for three days' rations of hard bread and bacon.

I have now only to give you a list of all the officers who are prisoners here, and to urgently request you will have our exchange effected at the earliest possible day, as it is and always will be our most ardent wish to shed the last drop of our blood in the defense of our noble cause.

Lieutenant Cols. John Pegram, Provisional Army C. S., and J. M. Heck, Virginia Volunteers; Capts. J. B. Moorman and H. Hall, of Colonel Hecks' regiment; Capts. J. M. P. Atkinson and John C. Coleman, Twentieth Virginia Volunteers; Capts. George H. Smith and J. H. Everly, Colonel Hecks's regiment; First Lieutenant John Clark, First Lieutenant A. F. Rice, and Third Lieutenant t. M. McCorkle, Twentieth Virginia Volunteers; Second Lieutenant Miles Harold, First Lieutenant M. W. Gamble, Second Lieutenant G. S. Harness, Third Lieutenant T. M. McCorkle, Twentieth Virginia Volunteer; Second Lieutenant Miles Harold, First Lieutenant M. W. Gamble, Second Lieutenant G. S. Harness, third Lieutenant P. D. Turley, and first Lieutenant John F. Cowan, Colonel hecks' regiment; First Lieutenant A. R. H. Ranson, Provisional Army C. S.; Third Lieutenant William H. Headspeth, Twentieth Virginia Volunteers, First Lieutenant George Bean, First Lieutenant William J. Hopkins, Second Lieutenant James W. Kee, Third Lieutenant Gransville J. Dyer, James P. Payne, and Second Lieutenant A. G. McGriffin, Colonel Hecks' regiment; Second Lieutenant John S. Dorset, Twentieth Virginia Volunteers; First Lieutenant J. S. Bowman, Second Lieutenant J. K. Kiser, and Third Lieutenant William E. Plecker, Colonel Hecks' regiment.

Killed, two officers and between forty and forty-five men; wounded five officers and about twenty men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. PEGRAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, P. A. C. S.

To the ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE FORCES, Richmond, Va.

Numbers 24. Report of Captain Pierce B. Anderson, Lee Battery, C. S. Army, of the engagement at Rich Mountain.

CAMP ALLEGHANY, August 10, 1861.

GENERAL: The reports made by Lieutenants Statham, Massey, and Raine of the parts borne by each of their detachments of the Lee

