
force on their left, and their retaining it during the night of the 11th until all hope had vanished of further successful resistance, is worthy of all praise. Lieutenant C. I. Raine bore himself on all occasions with calmness, prudence, and courage. Lieutenant C. W. Statham attested in the bloody fight on the hill at Rich Mountain that he did his duty truly and faithfully. He was wounded severely in his right hand. Of Captain J. A. De Lagnel no words can express all that should be felt or known about his conduct on that day. After nearly all his cannoneers were either killed or wounded, he continued to load his gun until in the very act of bringing a cartridge from the limber-box to the gun (having then only two men at the gun) he was struck by a minie ball and fell. Fortunately, however, he escaped capture. The soldiers of the Lee Battery, noncommissioned officers and officers, have done their duty faithfully during this conflict.

The total loss of my men and officers was two killed and ten wounded-two commissioned officers, two non-commissioned officers, and eight privates. Of the twenty-one in the detachment at Rich Mountain a majority were either killed or wounded. The number of prisoners captured by the enemy of my men was eighteen, the most of them severely wounded. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded is believed to have been more than three hundred. The loss of our own forces, including the infantry, cavalry, and artillery, is believed to be in killed and wounded seventy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PIERCE B. ANDERSON,

Captain Lee Battery, P. A. C. S.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

Numbers 25. Report of First Lieutenant Charles W. Statham, Lee Battery, C. S. Army, of the engagement at Rich Mountain.

RICH MOUNTAIN PASS, July 13, 1861.

SIR: I have the report that on the 11th instant, by your order, I moved with one gun and a detachment of twenty-one men to occupy this pass in Rich Mountain. We took our position about 1 o'clock p. m. In less than two hours the enemy made their appearance in large column, six regiments strong, immediately on the hill south of the pass. We reversed our gun, which was pointed down the pass, and prepared to receive the enemy in the direction in which he was approaching. In a few minutes the sharpshooters of the enemy commenced a fire upon us from behind trees and rocks at a distance ranging from two to three hundred yards, the body of the enemy being still farther. We opened upon the main body with spherical shot, which I cut at first one second and a quarter, and could distinctly see them burst in their midst. I knew we did good execution, as I could distinctly hear their officers give vehement commands to close up ranks. After firing this was some little time at the rate of near four shots per minute we forced the enemy to retire.

In about twenty minutes the enemy reappeared in a column of three regiments, advanced briskly upon us, when we moved our gun a little higher up the opposite hill and again opened upon them, and with our spherical shot cut as low as one second down to three-quarters. After

