
the enemy were moving, and ordered me to report the fact to Colonel Pegram. I did so. This was about 1.30 o'clock a. m. Thursday, the 11th. Colonel Pegram sent Adjutant Ransom to you. I remained up with you watching the movements of the enemy till morning, when you returned to camp.

About 9 o'clock a. m. of the 11th, as you passed with a gun to Hart's house, on Rich Mountain, your ordered me to change the position of my gun, so as to rake the road and the ravines coming down into camp from near Hart's house. About 1.30 o'clock p. m. the fire of Lieutenant Statham's gun was heard. In about two hours or more you received a message from Captain De Lagnel. You immediately took the gun forward, and ordered me to bring up the caisson with ammunition. The gun and cannoneers moved at a rapid rate. Proceeding on quickly to the turn of the road I met our forces retreating. I was then informed that before the gun reached the top of the hill one of the wheel-horses of the gun-carriage had been killed and another wounded; that the tongue of the gun-carriage had been broken off; that one of the drivers had been thrown, and the gun-carriage thrown down by the side of the hill. This occurred as reported to me. The enemy were in possession of the hill. I turned the caisson around in the road and brought it back. Proceeding a short distance back I found our retreating forces had been halted by you, and that you were urging them to go and retake the guns which had been lost. You immediately rallied the companies on the side of the hill, awaiting the advance of the enemy upon the retiring forces. While in this position Colonel Pegram came up and proposed a night attack upon the enemy. We advanced under Colonel Pegram and yourself toward Hart's Hill, taking a route through the woods. The gun under my charge was left in the road, as hereinbefore stated. The caisson was sent back by me to the camp. The men under my command did their duty faithfully and promptly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. I. RAINE,

Second Lieutenant, Lee Battery, P. A. C. S.

Captain P. B. ANDERSON,

Commanding Lee Battery, P. A. C. S.

Numbers 28. Report of Colonel William C. Scott, Forty-fourth Virginia Infantry, of operations on the day of the engagement at Rich Mountain.*

GENERAL: Being informed by General Lee, at Monterey, shortly after the fight at Rich Mountain, that a court of inquiry would be held in relation to that fight and the evacuation of Colonel Pegram's camp at Rich Mountain and General Garnett's camp at Laurel Hill, with the incidents connected with them, and intending to present before that court, when held, evidence in relation to my own movements on the day of the fight, I have hitherto omitted to make any report on the subject; but presuming, from information derived from some members of the War Department and the length of time that has elapsed since the interval referred to occurred, that the idea of holding such court has been abandoned,

---------------

*Without date, but indorsed as received A. and I. G. O. April 16, 1862.

---------------

18 R R-VOL II

