
and anxious that Colonel Pegram's letters and General Garnett's orders under which I acted shall be preserved, I now beg leave to supply the omission.

In obedience to orders to proceed with my regiment to Laurel Hill, I left Richmond on the night of the 1st of July last, and after receiving two orders from General Garnett on my route to hurry on as rapidly as possible, and after marching my men seven days in succession from Staunton, I encamped with my regiment at Beverly, the country seat of Randolph County, on the night of Wednesday, the 10th of the same month; and it is necessary that you should understand the localities of Beverly, Camp Garnett (Colonel Pegram's camp), and Laurel Hill, with their surroundings, before you can fully understand and appreciate the remainder of my report. I will here inset a copy of a diagram drawn by General Garnett's own hand, as I am informed by Colonel Corley, who then acted as his aid, and sent to me with order Numbers 5,, hereinafter inserted. I have only taken the liberty of writing on it my own position during the greater part of the fight at Rich Mountain and the position of Huttonsville and Leadsville Church.

Map.

HUTTONSVILLE

Colonel Pegram's camp, called Camp Garnett, was on the western slope of Rich Mountain, and his fortifications faced west in the direction of Buckhannon. It is sixteen miles from Beverly to Laurel Hill and eight miles from Beverly to Colonel Pegram's camp, as I have been informed. As you proceed from Beverly along the Buckhannon turnpike towards Colonel Pegram's camp you will perceive a road on the right, which enters that turnpike about one and one-half miles from Beverly. From that road, which is a county road, a party, indicated by dots, strikes off at the point B, and crossing Rich Mountain at A bends to the left and enters the turnpike again in the front or on the west of Colonel Pegrams' camp. It will be r perceived in the sequel that Colonel Pegram expected a portion of the enemy's force to be sent that Colonel Pegram expected a portion of the enemy's force to be sent by that party around his right flank, and after entering the county road to get into he turnpike in his rear, one and one-half miles from Beverly; at least such was the understanding of General Garnett, who drew and sent me the foregoing diagram.

