
me that if I had come up the turnpike that day he would have riddled my regiment. Had I been furnished with a guide I might probably have rendered material service in that fight, but without a guide I was as likely to do as much damage to friends as foes.

Again, I reflected, my position is occupied by me at the instance of Colonel Pegram. He has informed me in his letter that he was cavalry scouting between his camp and my position, and if he needs me else-where he will certainly inform me of it.

From these considerations I did not think proper to disobey General Garnett's orders and leave my position, unless I should get some message from Colonel Pegram that he desired me to do so. Although I constantly looked for the enemy on the county road along which it was almost certain they would come, yet I as eagerly looked for a message from Colonel Pegram by some of the cavalry, which he informed me were scouting between his camp and my position. But getting no such message or any information from the fight, and becoming impatient, I determined to send a messenger myself. I therefore ordered Mr. John N. Hughes, who volunteered for that purpose, to go to Colonel Pegram, and know from him whether or not he wished my services at any other point than the one I then occupied, and if so, to send me a guide. If not, I ordered Hughes to bring me information of whatever was going on.

He dashed up the mountain at a rapid gallop. I awaited his return. At length I began to think it was time of him to be back. But then I recollected he would have to go more than six miles to Colonel Pegrams' camp and the same distance back, besides finding and having an interview with that officer. At length a cavalry officer and a few of his men came down the turnpike. He announced himself as Lieutenant Cochrane, of the Churchville Cavalry, from augusta County, Virginia. He informed me that the enemy, to the number of four thousand or five thousand men, had come around Colonel Pegram's left (not his right) flank, and were then engaged fighting some three hundred of our men about a mile and a half in the rear of Colonel Pegram's camp, and between my regiment and that camp; that there had been no attack upon the camp itself; that our men were on the right and the enemy on the left of the turnpike as I would approach the camp; that our men had one piece of artillery in or near the road, and that I was wanted at the fight.

Being satisfied then that the enemy would not come around Colonel Pegram's right flank and the county road I was ordered to guard, as they had already gotten in his rear by coming around his left flank, I determined to quit my position, where I was no longer of use, and taking Lieutenant Cochrane and his men with me as guides, go up the mountain and join in the fight. That officer readily consented to accompany me as guide, and I put my men in motion at double-quick time. But for a detailed account of my march up the mountain and down again to Beverly I refer to the following letter of Lieutenant cochrane, who was with me the whole time, premising that, with the exception of one or two unimportant particulars, his recollection coincides with mine:

MONTEREY, March 6, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM C. SCOTT,

Forty-fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers:

COLONEL: Your letter, dated Powhatan Court-House, February 28, requesting me to state in my reply what occurred while I was with you on the 11th day of July last in relation to the Rich Mountain fight, has just been received, and I hasten to reply. I was sent our with a squad of six men by Captain De Lagnel, who commanded our forces engaged in the fight, to bring up some cavalry that he had fired on though

