
protection of the fort, the commanding general and General Totten are much better able to judge than myself. It appears to me, however, that the sand hills, some two thousand yards from the fort, should be occupied and a battery built there. To do this will require a larger force than I have at my disposal. Colonel De Russy suggests that a battery should be erected near the picket bridge, on the Hampton side. In the vicinity is a spring (apparently inexhaustible) of fine water, which may be of the highest importance, though with the present command I entertain no apprehension of a scarcity of water, as, in addition to the supply in the fort, there is a large quantity at the hotel.

The mail-boat from Baltimore was allowed to land the mails here yesterday, and the main fore Norfolk send there in the steamer William Selden. She has not, however, returned, and I presume has been seized.

I inclose herewith a copy of a letter which was yesterday transmitted by mail, and will add that I cannot urge too strongly the necessity of immediately authorizing the repairing of the wharves and of sending the laborers asked for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK, Colonel, Comd.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army, Washington, D. C.

MAY 13, 1861. - Baltimore, Md., garrisoned by United States troops.

REPORTS, ETC.

No. 1. - Dispatches from General Scott to General Butler.

No. 2. - Report of Brigadier General B. F. Butler, Massachusetts Militia.

No. 3. - General Butler's proclamation.

No. 1. Dispatches from General Scott to General Butler.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 14, 1861.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Annapolis, Md.:

SIR: Your hazardous occupation of Baltimore was made without my knowledge, and of course without my approbation. It is a God-send that it was without conflict of arms. It is also reported that you have sent a detachment to Frederick, but this is impossible. Not a word have I received from you as to either movement. Let me hear from you.

Very respectfully, yours,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 15, 1861 - 2.17 a. m.

Brigadier-General BUTLER,

Commanding Dep't of Annapolis, at Baltimore, Md.:

I do not understand your telegram, "Send us more detachments till further orders."

Issue no more proclamations.

Why assume the authority to cal for re-enforcements from General Patterson?

Answer my letter of last evening.

Did you leave any men at Relay House? Look to their safety.

Not a word received from in several days.

Patterson's re-enforcements will be at Locust Point this morning early.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

