
about 4 p. m. It was soon shown the enemy had better guns, both ordnance and small-arms, but our men stood steadily and firmly fighting for about half an hour, when a panic seized three-fourths of them; portions of each company fled. At this moment Colonel Patton dashed on horseback to rally his men, when his horse for a short distance became unruly and caused them to mistake his movement; but he rallied a portion of them, returned instantly to action, and in fifteen minutes received a bullet in his left shoulder, which took him off the field. Jenkins, Bailey, Swam, and Sweeney stood their ground, as also Colonel F. Anderson, with two companies posted so far on the left that they up to this time had not come into action. The most of the men who had fled again rallied, and were fighting bravely when the enemy's superior piece of artillery disabled one of our sixes, killing Lieutenant Welch and mortally wounding a private, when First Lieutenant Quarried retired with the other piece of artillery and never returned into action, causing a second panic, when Captain Jenkins bravely took the command for the moment until Colonel Anderson came up from the left an rallied a forlorn hope, in which he and Bailey, Swan and Sweeney, bore the whole brunt of the enemy for some time, until they were re-enforced by Captain Coons from the post on Coal Mountain and by the really of those who had fled. This won the day, drove back the whole force of the enemy, captured Colonels Norton, Woodruff,* and De Villiers, + Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, Captains Austin and Ward, and some 10 or 20 privates, and killing about 30. Our loss was 1 killed and 2 wounded, but 1 mortally.

The enemy crossed the river and encamped below the mouth of Scarey.

I immediately determined to attack him there, and last night moved upon him with three troops of cavalry and 650 infantry and artillery, under Colonel McCausland, by two roads. The enemy retreated, and I have just (at 3 p. m.) learned that our force of 800 followed him to near the mouth of the Pocotaligo. McCausland having the Blueds with him, I ordered him to put the steel of his bayonet into their teeth. They are found intrenched at the Pocotaligo with heavy pieces. They have there at least three regiments, and we cannot attack them for want of some 12-pounder howitzers. I beg you for four such pieces. Give them to us, and we will repay the service fourfold.

We get some re-enforcement by Colonel Davis to-day, perhaps 300. I again implore you to let me increase the legion.

To-day one of Brock's cavalry was accidentally wounded by a picket guard, owing to whisky, after I had ordered all to be destroyed. Ohio has sent thousands of gallons over the border, doubtless to demoralized the camp. Excepting measled, the command is doing well.

Respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.

---------------

*Second Kentucky Infantry.

+Eleventh Ohio Infantry.

---------------

