
guard, with four killed on their side. The dead were buried on the ground by our men. Among the prisoners were two officers. Our party is said to have consisted of eighty men, the enemy being two hundred strong. The results here stated may be considered certain. The prisoners are at Yorktown.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Brigadier General, Commanding.

Colonel DEAS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-I have carefully inspected the works at Jamestown Island, and ordered the erection of a redoubt, at the eastern point of it, to prevent a landing there, and to co-operate with the work on Spratley's farm. I will write more at length to-night from Williamsburg.
HEADQUARTERS, Williamsburg, Va., July 13, 1861.

SIR: I have the pleasure of sending a report from Major Hood, the efficient commander of the cavalry of my department, of a brilliant little affair with the enemy on the spot where the gallant Lieutenant-Colonel Dreux fell. Too much praise cannot be bestowed on Major Hood and the cavalry generally for their untiring industry in efforts to meet the enemy, and for the energy with which they have discharged their harassing and unusually laborious duties. I have directed the prisoners to be sent to Richmond, to headquarter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel DEAS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Two deserters have just come in from Fort Monroe. They will be examined to-morrow.

Numbers 5. Report of Major John B. Hood, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CAMP,Near Bethel, Va., July 12, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I left my camp on yesterday afternoon, at 7 o'clock, with a small force of cavalry, consisting of detachments from Capts. Thos. F. Goode's, J. C. Phillips', W. H. Easley's, R. Douthatt's, W. Adams', and W. Johnson's companies, commanded, respectively, by Captains Goode, Phillips, and Easley, and Lieuts. S. Wilcox, E. O. Fitzgerald, and B. J. Allen, and proceeded to within three miles of Newport News, and went into camp.

About 10 o'clock this morning one of my vedettes reported to me that the enemy were advancing on the Warwick road, and were from seventy-five to one hundred strong. I immediately marched up the road in their rear, and discovered that they were in ambush, ready to receive me, about four miles from Newport News. At that time they opened fire upon my advance, when I ordered Captain Goode's detachment to dismount, leaving one-fourth of his men with his horses. Captain Phillips, being already on foot, I dismounted myself, and, with the

