
Sharp's carbines in the hands of Captain Goode's men, and a few shotguns in those of Captain Phillips', together with Colonel Sandidge, of Louisiana, and Mr. Christian, of Alabama, in all not exceeding thirty men, threw a portion as skirmishers in the thick bushes near the road, and drove them from their ambuscade, which occupied some three-fourths of an hour, a brisk fire being kept up all the time.

The enemy having been driven from cover in a very rapid and disorderly flight in the direction of Captain Smith's house, on the banks of James River, I then ordered a charge, and the detachments of Captain Easley, Lieutenants Wilcox, Fitzgerald, and Allen, together with Mr. Sandidge, jr., and Mr. Terrett, of Louisiana, dashed gallantly down upon them, taking the flying enemy prisoners. Lieutenant Wilcox had his horse shot under him.

During the engagement, which lasted about one hour and a quarter, First Lieutenant Oscar V. Heringen, Second Lieutenant Frederick Mosebach, and ten privates of the Seventh New York Regiment of Volunteers (one of the privates being wounded), surrendered themselves up as prisoners of war, the first lieutenant handing his sword to Captain Phillips. The horse and equipments of the commanding officer were captured by Private Joseph Phillips, of the Old Dominion Dragoons, who was among the first in the charge. A fine mule and cart were also taken. The muskets taken, fourteen in number, are here and ready for use. I had two of the enemy, who were lying near the road, buried, and then returned to my camp. Owing to the dense thicket in which I had the engagement, I am not able to state how strong the enemy were, nor can I tell how many were killed and wounded. I am happy to state, however, that my loss was only one horse.

I cannot mention in too high terms the coolness and true courage of one and all engaged on this occasion.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. HOOD,

Major, Commanding Cavalry.

Major G. B. COSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Yorktown, Va.

P. S.-Since writing the above, two deserters from Fort Monroe have been brought in by my vedettes. I send them to you, in charge of an officer and ten men.

Respectfully,

J. B. H.

Numbers 6. Congratulatory letter from General Lee, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Richmond, Va., July 15, 1861.

Brigadier General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Yorktown, Va.:

GENERAL: I have had the gratification of receiving your letter of the 13th instant, containing Major Hood's report of his brilliant skirmish with the enemy on the 12th instant, and of submitting it to the President. Will you express to Major Hood and the gallant men who were engaged in the affair the pleasure which their conduct has given both myself and the President.

Respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

