
of our battery and the range were both favorable, induce the belief that the enemy suffered severely from our fire, and this belief is confirmed by the fact that the ensuing day, until 12 m., ambulances were seen coming and going from and to Manassas, two miles distant.

In closing this report it gives me great pleasure to call to your attention the gallant conduct of Colonel Richardson; Captain Brethschneider, who commanded the skirmishers; Captain Ayres; Lieutenant Lorain, who, I regret to say, was wounded; Lieutenants Dresser, Lyford, and Fuller, attached to Ayres' battery, and Lieutenants Benjamin and Babbitt, in charge of the two 20-pounder rifled guns, all of whom displayed great coolness, energy, and skill in the discharge of their official duties. Herewith you will find a list of casualties.*

With great respect, your obedient servant,

DANIEL TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General MCDOWELL,

Commanding Department of Northeastern Virginia.

[Indorsement.]

For the nature of my instructions see copy herewith, marked A.

I. MCD., B. G.

A.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA,Between Germantown and Centreville, July 18, 1861-8.15 a. m.

GENERAL: I have information which leads me to believe you will fond no force at Centreville, and will meet with no resistance in getting there.

Observe well the roads to Bull Run and to Warrenton. Do not bring on an engagement, but keep up the impression that we are moving on Manassas.

I go to Heintzelman's to arrange about the plan we have talked over.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General TYLER.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Israel B. Richardson, Second Michigan Infantry, of action at Blackburn's Ford.

CAMP 4TH Brigadier, 1ST DIV., GENERAL MCDOWELL'S CORPS,

In Front of Blackburn's Ford, on Bull Run, July 19, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I left the camp at Germantown at an early hour yesterday morning, my brigade consisting of the Second and Third Michigan Regiments, the First Massachusetts Regiment, and Twelfth New York. A battalion of light infantry, consisting of forty men from each regiment, one hundred and sixty in all, and commanded by Captain Robert Brethschneider, of the Second Regiment of Michigan Infantry, moved in front of the brigade some five hundred yards in advance, and threw pickets still farther in advance on the road. A section of 20-pounder rifled guns, commanded by Lieutenant Benjamin, of the Second Artillery, moved in rear of the light battalion. The march of the column was slow, so as to prevent surprise

---------------

*See inclosure to Numbers 4, p. 314.

---------------

