
to the different companies in their respective commands, so that they shall be provided for the same number of days, and that the same be cooked and put in the haversacks of the men. The subsistence stores now in the possession of each division, with the fresh beef that can be drawn from the chief commissary, must last commissary, must last to include the 23rd instant.

By command of Brigadier-General McDowell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

To COMMANDERS OF DIVISIONS AND BRIGADES.

C.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT' NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 22. Centreville, July 20, 1861.

The enemy has planted a battery on the Warrenton turnpike to defend the passage of Bull run, has mined the stone bridge, and made a heavy abatis on the right bank to oppose our advance int hat direction. The ford above the bridge is also guarded, whether with artillery or not is not positively known, but every indication favors the belief that the purposes defending the passage of the stream.

It is intended to turn the position, force the enemy from the road, that it may be reopened, and, if possible, destroy the railroad leading from Manassas to the valley of Virginia, where the enemy has a large force. As this may be resisted by all the force of the enemy, the troops will be disposed of as follows:

The First Division (General Tyler's), with the exception of Richardson's brigade, will move at 2.30 a. m. precisely, on the Warrenton turnpike, to threaten he passage of the bridge, but will not open fire until full daybreak.

The Second Division (Hunter's) will move from its camp at 2 a. m. precisely,a nd, led by Captain Woodbury, of the Engineers, will, after passing Cub Run, turn to the right and pass the Bull Run stream above the lower ford at Sudley Springs, ant hen, turning down to the left, descend the stream and clear away the enemy who may be guarding the lower ford and bridge. It will then bear off to the right, to make room for the succeeding division.

The Third Division (Heintzelman's) will march at 2.30 a. m.a nd follow the road taken by the Second Division (Hunter's), but will cross at the left, take place between the stream and Second Division.

The Fifth Division (Miles') will take position on the Centreville heights. (Richardson's brigade will for the time form part of his division, and will continue in its present position.) One brigade will be in the village and one near the present station of Richardson's brigade. This division will threaten Blackburn's Ford and remain in reserve at Centreville.

The commander will open fire with artillery only, and will bear in mind that it is a demonstration only he is to make. He will cause such defensive works, abatis, earthworks, &amp;c., to be thrown up as will strength his position. Lieutenant Prime, of the Engineers, will be charged with this duty.

These movements may lead to the gravest results, and commanders of divisions and brigades should bear in mind the immense consequences involved. There must be no failure, and every effort must be made to

