
The Engineer officers under my command and attached to the different divisions were as follows:

Captain D. P. Woodbury and Second Lieutenant Chas. E. Cross, to the Second Division, under Colonel Hunter.

Captain H. G. Wright and First Lieutenant G. W. Snyder, to the Third Division, under Colonel Heintzelman.

Captain B. S. Alexander and First Lieutenant D. C. Houston, to the First Division, under General Tyler.

First Lieutenant F. E. Prime, to the Fifth Division, under Colonel Miles.

They have all been most active and zealous in the discharge of the duties devolving upon them.

A report from Captain D. P. Woodbury is herewith. Reports from Captains Wright and Alexander and Lieutenant Prime will be furnished when received.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. G. BARNARD,

Major of Engineers.

Captain J. B. FRY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Captain Daniel P. Woodbury, U. S. Corps of Engineers.

FORT CORCORAN, VA., July 30, 1861.

MAJOR: In compliance with your request that I should furnish a report of my own services and observations at the unfortunate battle of Bull Run, I have the honor to say that I accompanied the divisions of Colonel Hunter and Colonel Heintzelman, and, assisted by Captain Wright, directed their course around the headwaters of Bull Run, leaving the Centreville and Warrenton road about one-third mile west of Cub Run a t 5.30 a. m., July 21, and arriving at the upper ;ford, or Sudley's Mill, at 9.30 a. m. The distance between these points by our route is between five and six miles. We followed in the main an old road as laid down upon the map, halting occasionally to prepare the road for artillery. At Sudley's Mill we lingered about an hour, to give the men and horses water and a little rest before going into action, our advance guard int he mean time going ahead about three-quarters of a mile. Resuming our march, we emerged from the woods about one mile south of the ford, and came upon a beautiful open valley about one and a quarter miles square, bounded on the right or west by a wooded ridge, ont he east by the rough spurs or bluffs of Bull Run, on the north by an open plain and ridge, on which our troops began to form, and on the south by another ridge, on which the enemy were strongly posted, with woods behind their backs. The enemy were also in possession of the bluffs of Bull run on our left.

The flankers of the advanced guard on the left of our road first received the fire of the enemy-a single regiment lying on the ground on the south side of the northern ridge of the valley. At the same time the enemy opened upon the head of our column, and particularly upon the road, with many pieces of artillery in prepared batteries and in the open field. These batteries were more than a mile off, and did little execution, but the shells falling continually somewhat intimidated our troops. It was evident at a glance that the enemy was fully prepared, and I suggested to Colonel Hunter, commanding the leading division,

