
making in all a train of sixty-four wagons. These last teams were hastily put together, and not used to work, and were illy provided with extra materials to supply breakage, &amp;c. The teamsters also were a great many of them utterly unfit for their business. In fact, the management of the train was a matter of great difficulty. One wagon, which was broken, I left behind in charge of Lieutenant Grey.

At 4 p. m. of the 17th I started for Falls Church with my train, intending to camp at that place for the night. But the teams worked so badly, and there was so little organization, that I was obliged to make frequent stops to keep together. There were some ten or twelve of the teams that were unable to pull one-half an ordinary load, and these caused me great trouble.

From 7 p. m. of the 17th instant until 3 a. m. of the 18th I was negated in getting my train over the hill just beyond Camp Tyler, which is the worst ont eh whole road. I was obliged to change and double teams, and after getting over my teams were perfectly exhausted. i therefore sloped until daylight, to feed and give my train a few hour's rest. At about 8 a. m. I moved on, reaching Vienna at 12 m., where I rested until 2.30 p. m.

In rear of my train I had sixty-five beef cattle. These I found no difficulty with. At 2.30 p. m. i moved on from Vienna with an escort of twenty men from the New Jersey regiment stationed there under Colonel W. R. Montgomery. This was the first escort I had had. When near Fairfax Court-House I received an order to go by way of Germantown and to follow by the Centreville road. I came up with my train and cattle with the rear of the Army just after dark, and as it was impossible for my teams to pull farther that night, I camped, under the instructions of Captain Tillinghast, alongside of the road. There were at this time some ten or twelve of my wagons back on the road. I found that if I delayed to help these worthless teams over every little hill I should not be up in time with the mass of my stores, which I knew would be much needed. These teams, however, all joined me within two days, except one wagon, which was, I believe, turned over and badly broken, and left behind.

On the morning of the 19th, in obedience to your orders, I distributed the contents of forty-nine wagons to the division of Colonel Heintzelman. I then had two forage wagons, making in all fifty-one wagons that had come up, or thirteen wagons still behind, which joined afterwards, as I come up, or thirteen wagons still behind, which joined afterwards, as i have stated. i found the men in an almost starving condition, and it was impossible, and, by your order, parked my train near headquarters; the cattle near, and sixty-five in number, as when I started. Some of my other wagons having come up, I turned over six or seven with their stores to Lieutenant Hawkins, Second Infantry, A. C. S., by your order.

Having done this, you directed me to repair to Fairfax Station, to take charge of and forward all supplies for the Army. I arrived there at about 6 p. m. of the 19th, and immediately took the necessary steps to prepare storehouses and clear the track of the obstructions which the rebels had placed upon it, and which were very formidable, they having filled the deep cut there with trees and earth at least ten or twelve feet in depth and for a space of about two hundred feet.

I had on the 20th received a lot of rifle-cannon ammunition and one hundred and fifty boxes of small-arm cartridges, directed to Lieutenant Strong, Ordnance. These I was obliged to unload below the cut, and about a half mile from the station. On the morning of the 21st Captain

