
In conclusion, it gives me great satisfaction to state that the conduct of the officers and enlisted men of the several batteries was most exemplary. Exposed throughout the day to a galling fire of artillery and small-arms, several times charged by cavalry, and more than once abandoned by their infantry supports, both officers and enlisted men man-fully stood by their guns with a courage an devotion worthy of the highest commendation. Where all did so well it would be invidious to make distinctions, and I therefore simply give the names of all the officers engaged, viz: Major Hunt, Captains Carlisle, Ayres, Griffin, Tidball, and Arnold; Lieutenants Platt, Thompson, Ransom, Webb, Barriger, Greene, Edwards, Dresser, Wilson, Throckmorton, Cushing, Harris, butler, Fuller, Lyford, Hill, Benjamin, Babbit, Hains, Ames, Hasbrouck, Kensel, Harrison, Reed, Barlow, Noyes, Kirby, and Elderkin.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM F. BARRY,

Major, Fifth Artillery.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dep't N. E. Virginia.

Numbers 16. Reports of Brigadier General Daniel Tyler, Connecticut Militia, commanding First Division.
HDQRS. 1ST DIV. DEP'T NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA,Washington City, July 27, 1861.

GENERAL: In obedience to Orders, Numbers 22, dated Centreville, July 20, Sherman's, Schenck, and Keyes' brigades of this division-Richardson's brigade having been left in front of Blackburn's Ford-moved at 2.30 a. m. on the 21st instant to threaten the passage of the Warrenton turnpike bridge on Bull Run. I arrived in front of the bridge with Schenck's and Sherman's brigades and Ayres' and Carlisle's batteries about 6 a. m., Keyes' brigade having been halted by your order to watch the road coming up from Manassas, and about two miles from the run. After examining the position, and positing Sherman's and Schenck's brigades and the artillery, I fired the first gun at 6.30 a. m., as agreed upon, to show that we were in position.

As my orders were to threaten the passage of the bridge, I caused Schenck's brigade to be formed into line, its left resting in the direction of the brigade and the battery which the enemy had established to sweep the bridge and its approach, so as to threaten both. Sherman's brigade was posted to the right of the Warrenton turnpike, so as to be in position to sustain Schenck or to move across Bull Run in the direction of Hunter's column. The 30-pounder gun attached to Carlisle's battery was posted on the Warrenton turnpike, so as to be in position to sustain Schenck or to move across Bull Run in the direction of Hunter's column. The 30-pounder gun attached to Carlisle's battery was posted on the Warrenton turnpike, with Ayres' battery considerably in its rear. Carlisle's battery was posted on the left of Sherman's brigade. In this position we awaited the appearance of Hunter's and Heintzelman's columns, as ordered, until such time as the approach to the bridge should be carried, and the bridge rebuilt by Captain Alexander, of the Engineers, who had on the spot the necessary structure for that purpose.

Soon after getting into position we discovered that the enemy had a heavy battery, with infantry in support, commanding both the road and bridge approaches, on which both Ayres and Carlisle at different

