
of all the casualties in the battle in the different corps of my brigade, I shall reserve the list of them for a separate report, which I will furnish as soon as practicable.*

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General TYLER,

Commanding First Division.

Numbers 20. Reports of Captain J. H. Carlisle, Second U. S. Artillery.

DEPARTMENT OF NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA, Fort Corcoran, July 25, 1861.

DEAR GENERAL: I intend to have visited you this morning, but in consequence of conflicting authority was unable to cross the river. I have not as yet been able to prepare a report, having only just received the reports of my subaltern officers. My report shall be prepared immediately and forwarded to your headquarters.

I herewith have the honor to submit a report of casualties in my command, viz: Men killed and missing, 11; wounded, 4. Horses killed and missing, 35. Guns lost, 4.

Being appointed chief of artillery of the defenses at this point, and being overwhelmed with the various duties incident to my command, I have been unable to communicate with you. If possible, I shall see you personally to-morrow, or at least communicate with you through an officer of my command.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. HOWARD CARLISLE,

Commanding Company E, Second Artillery.

ROBERT C. SHENCK,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

DEPARTMENT OF NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA, Fort Corcoran, July 26, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement at Bull Run of Sunday, July 21:

Being in your brigade, and occupying the advance of the column, we reached the enemy's position at 5 a.m. Your command advancing, my battery was placed more directly under the command of General Tyler, commanding the First Division. During the day we were under a most severe fire from the enemy's batteries, and succeeded in completely silencing one of them, composed of six pieces. The sections of my battery acting separately during a great part of the day, the separate reports of the officers commanding these sections are herewith respectfully submitted. Throughout the entire day the officers and men under my command behaved in the most creditable manner. Lieutenant Wilson, Second Artillery, with the rifled guns, was frequently detached,

---------------

*Embraced in division return, p.351.

---------------

