
can carry twenty-fire hundred men per day, with smaller vessels sent to take their baggage. She can carry three troops of horse a day, fifty horses each. I shall need at least four companies of cavalry to operate against the advance of troops from Hampton, to cut off their parties, to harass them on the march, and to beat up their quarters at night; and, to made these more effective, I know of no greater service the section of navy howitzers at Gloucester Point can do more than to operate with this cavalry. The advance could even be checked by this small force thus constituted. I should mount the artillery with the means of the country for this purpose. This can be done at once. I have no doubt they cannot be of much use anywhere as fixed batteries, and could at any time be recalled to Richmond, if required there. Should it be deemed advisable to send cavalry immediately, as I earnestly hope may be the case, I have the honor to state that both Lieutenant-Colonel Ewell and Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram have stated to me their desire to command such a detachment under my command.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Commanding Troops on York and James Rivers.

To Colonel GARNETT.

STEAMER LOGAN,

Yorktown, Va., May 24, 1861 - 11.30 p. m.

SIR: Since arriving at this point I have learned the the news which was forwarded to you from West Point was incorrect. Only one thousand troops were marched into Hampton, which they only occupied for a short time. A small surveying party was landed at Newport News. There is no cavalry between this and Hampton. One company there. Not a horseman nor a wagon here. Mr. Anderson, the bearer, will give further particulars.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel GARNETT.

MAY 24, 1861. - Advance of Union Army into Virginia and occupation of Arlington Heights and Alexandria.

REPORTS.

No. 1. - Major General Charles W. Snadford, New York Militia.

No. 2. - Major General Samuel P. Heintzelman, U. S. Army.

No. 3. - Colonel Orlando B. Willcox, First Michigan Infantry.

No. 4. - Lieutenant Colonel N. L. Farnham, First Zouaves, New York Militia.

No. 5. - Brigadier General M. L. Bonham, C. S. Army.

No. 6. - Colonel George H. Terrett, C. S. forces.

No. 1. Reports of Major General C. W. Sandford, New York Militia.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION N. Y. S. M.,Washington, May 28, 1861.

GENERAL: Pursuant to your order, and to arrangements made with yourself and General Mansfield, I accompanied the center column which

