
the order to continue the retreat to the Potomac. This retreat was by night, and disorderly in the extreme. The men of different regiments mingled together, and some reached the river at Arlington, some at Long Bridge, and the greater part returned to their former camps at or near Fort Corcoran. I reached this point at noon the next day, and found a miscellaneous crowd crossing over the Aqueduct and ferries. Conceiving this to be demoralizing, I at once commanded the guard to be increased, and all persons attempting to pass over to be stopped. This soon produced its effect; men sought their proper companies and regiments, comparative order was restored, and all were posted to the best advantage.

I herewith inclose the official report of Captain Kelly, the commanding officer of the Sixty-ninth New York; also full lists of the killed, wounded, and missing. Our loss was heavy, and occurred chiefly at the point near where Ricketts' battery was destroyed. Lieutenant-Colonel Haggerty was killed about noon, before we effected a junction with Colonel Hunter's division. Colonel Cameron was mortally wounded leading his regiment in the charge, and Colonel Corcoran has been missing since the cavalry charge near the building used as a hospital.*

*			*			*			*			*

Lieutenants Piper and McQuesten, of my personal staff, were under fire all day, and carried orders to and from with as much coolness as on parade. Lieutenant Bagley, of the Sixty-ninth New York, a volunteer aide, asked leave to serve with his company during the action, and is among those reported missing. I have intelligence that he is a prisoner and slightly wounded. Colonel Coon, of Wisconsin, a volunteer aide, also rendered good service during the day.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 26. Report of Captain James Kelly, Sixty-ninth New York Militia.

HDQRS. SIXTY-NINTH REGIMENT, N. Y. S. M., Fort Corcoran, Arlington Heights, Va., July 24, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor, in the absence of Colonel Corcoran, missing, and Acting Lieutenant-Colonel Haggerty, killed in action, to report to you that on Sunday morning, July 21, at 3.30 o'clock a.m., under orders of Major General McDowell, and the immediate command of Brigadier-General Tyler, the Sixty-ninth Regiment New York State Militia moved forward from their camp at Centreville, and proceeded by steady march to within a mile and a half of the enemy's battery, situated on the south bank of the creek or ravine known as Bull Run. At this point we halted, Colonel Corcoran commanding, Lieutenant-Colonel Haggerty being second in command, Captain Thomas Francis Meager acting as major, and Captain John Nugent as adjutant. The regiment numbered one thousand muskets, and was attended by one ambulance only, the other having broken down. The Sixty ninth had good reason to complain that whilst regiments of other division were permitted to have

---------------

*Statement of casualties here omitted is embodied in division return, p.351.

---------------

