
and having no adequate support, the battery was temporarily withdrawn to the rear, and subsequently reordered to take the same position. I applied to General Miles to have some lighter guns near me, to throw canister, in case of a demonstration on our flank. Hunt's battery afterwards came up, and took its position in the same field.

After the retreat of the right and center a strong body of rebel infantry appeared on our flank. I placed my guns in position, and opened on it with canister at a distance of two hundred land fifty yards, and as the force fell back into the ravines beyond continued the fire with shell. The enemy being no longer in sight, Colonel Davies said, "Now we have driven them back, we'll retire upon Centreville." I proceeded to the rear with my guns. A regiment was drawn up in the woods by the roadside in such aa manner that my battery was forced to pass closely in its front. It was the most dangerous position occupied during the day. One gun was fired over the battery, and there was a simultaneous movement of muskets along the line, as if to continue the fire. Fortunately it was not followed up. I left Centreville at about 9 p.m. and proceeded to the Potomac, reaching Arlington between 8 and 9 a.m. on the 22nd. Lieutenants Benjamin and Babbitt performed their several duties with gallantry, coolness, and spirit. The enlisted men, though unpracticed in the drill-the company having been hastily mounted-remained unshaken in the conflict.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. EDWARDS,

First Lieutenant, Third Artillery, Commanding Lt. Co. G.

Major H. J. HUNT,

Fifth Artillery, U. S. Army, Chief of Artillery.

No. 31. Report of Colonel David Hunter, Third U. S. Cavalry, commanding Second Division.

WASHINGTON, August 5, 1861.

SIR: Having had the honor to command the Second Division of the Army before Manassas, on the 21st of July, 1861, and having been wounded early in the action the command, as well as the duty of making the division report, devolved on Colonel Andrew Porter, of the U. S. Army. I deem it, however, a duty I owe to the gallant gentlemen of my staff briefly to mention their services.

The Hon. Isaac N. Arnold, of the U. S. House of Representatives, one of my volunteer aides, was with me on the field till I received my wound, and then devoted himself to having the wounded removed and to alleviating their sufferings.

Captain D. P. Woodbury, chief engineer of the division, fearlessly exposed himself in front of the skirmishers during our whole advance, and determined with great judgment the route of the division.

Captain Williams D. Whipple, A. A. G.; Captain Cook, of the Fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Cross, of Engineers, and Lieutenant D. W. Flagler, Ordnance, aide-de-camp, all performed their duties to my entire satisfaction. They were absent conveying orders during the short time I was in the field.

My aide, Lieutenant Samuel W. Stockton, of the First Cavalry, was with

