
me on the field, and his conduct under a heavy fire was perfectly beautiful.

Dr. Rouch, of Chicago, Ill., a citizen surgeon, accompanied Mr. Arnold to the filed, and devoted himself to the care of the wounded during the whole battle.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Colonel Third Cavalry, Commanding Second Division.

Captain JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

No. 32. Report of Colonel Andrew Porter, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Second Division and First Brigade, Second Division.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, Arlington, Va., July 25, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following account of the operations of the First Brigade, Second Division, of the Army, in the battle before Manassas, on the 21st instant.* The brigade was silently paraded in light marching order at 2 o'clock in the morning of that day, composed as follows, viz: Griffin's battery; marines, Major Reynolds; Twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel Slocum; Fourteenth New York State Militia, Colonel Wood; Eighth New York State Militia, Colonel Lyons; battalion regulars, Major Sykes; one company Second Dragoons, two companies First Cavalry, four companies First Cavalry, four companies Second Cavalry, Major Palmer. Total strength, 3,700. The marines were recruits, but through the constant exertions of their officers had been brought to present a fine military appearance, without being able to render much active service. They were therefore attached to the battery as its permanent support through the day.

Owing to frequent delays in the march of troops in front, the brigade did not reach Centreville until 4.30 a.m., and it was an hour after sunrise when the head of it was turned to the right to commence the flank movement. The slow and intermittent movements of the Second Brigade [Burnside's] were then followed through the woods for four hours, which brought the head of our division to Bull Run and Sudley's Mill, where a halt of half an hour took place, to rest and refresh the men and horses. From the heights on this side of the run a vast column of the enemy could be plainly descried, at the distance of a mile or more on our left, moving rapidly towards our line of march in front. Some disposition of skirmishers was then directed to be made at the head of the column by the division commander, in which Colonel Slocum, of the Second Rhode Island Regiment, was observed to bear an active part. The column moved forward, however, before they were completed, and in about thirty minutes emerged from the timber, when the rattle of musketry and occasional crash of round shot through the leaves and branches of the trees in our vicinity betokened the opening of battle.

The head of the brigade was immediately turned slightly to the right, in order to gain time and room for deployment on the right of the Second Brigade. Griffin's battery found its way through the timber to the fields beyond, followed promptly by the marines, while the Twenty-

---------------

*See also No. 39, p.395.

---------------

