
to a fence a short distance in front; then moved by the right along the road. We here received a destructive fire from the enemy, which caused a temporary break. We ascended the hill, and were called upon by Major Wadsworth, of General McDowell's staff, to charge the woods on our right. Three companies on the right [Captain Burger, Captain Gregory, and Captain Johnson] dashed forward in the woods, dislodging the enemy. We then left the woods, and immediately forme line in face of the enemy on the brow of a hill. We here received a fire from the enemy, and returned it. The fire now became so hot that the men were ordered to fall back in the woods. One company of the left wing did not come into action up to this time.

I was now called upon to aid the Twenty-seventh Regiment, and rallied what force could be gathered at the time under direction of Quartermaster Cornell. I then collected the remaining portions of the regiment on the skirts of the woods, and with them I tried to form a junction with the Fourteenth Regiment, which was well on the right. The force under Major Syker made a charge. A portion of my regiment became entangled with them, and moved forward with them. I called on Major Wentworth to rally the men, which was found impossible to do, they were so scattered. At this time the retreat was sounded, and we left the field.

I cannot close this communication without calling your attention to the valuable assistance rendered by Major Wentworth and Quarter-master Cornell, and the gallant conduct of Captain Johnson and his command, and the handsome and self-sacrificing conduct of Surgeon Foster Swift, Asst. Surg. G. A. Winston, and Asst. Surg. C. S. De Graw, by declining to leave the wounded, and were consequently made prisoners.

Respectfully,

GEORGE LYONS,

Colonel Eighth Regiment N. Y. S. M.

Colonel ANDREW PORTER,

Commanding Brigade.

No. 34. Report of Major J. J. Bartlett, Twenty-seventh New York Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT N. Y. V., Camp Anderson, Washington, D. C., July 23, 1861.

SIR: Pursuant to orders, I hereby submit for your consideration a report of the operations of the Twenty-seventh Regiment New York State Volunteers, under command of Colonel H. W. Slocum, in the battle at Bull Run, on July 21, 1861.

At precisely 2 o'clock a.m. we formed in column for march in rear of the Marine Corps, commanded by Major Reynolds. After an exhausting march of eight hours, the enemy were discovered to be in force on our front and left. Fifteen minutes after their appearance we were hurried on at double-quick time for the distance of at least one mile, and formed in line of battle by the left flank on the brow of the hill commanding a part of the enemy's position. Without coming to a halt, we were ordered to charge the enemy by a road leading to the valley beneath us, where they were in numbers strongly positioned in and about a large stone house, with a battery of six mounted howitzers commanding the

