
head and heart. Lieutenant Prescott, of the First Rhode Island Regiment, was also killed in the early part of the action, while gallantly encouraging his company. He was a noble-hearted Christian man, whose memory will be ever fresh in the hearts of his friends.

Among those who are missing I have to mention the names of Lieutenant Knight, of the First Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers, and Dr. James Harris, of the same regiment. Both were men whom we can hardly afford to lose, and I trust that some measures may be taken by which their fate may be known. Dr. Harris was especially active upon the field of battle in dressing the wounds of the disabled soldiers, and, knowing no distinction between friend and foe, treated the enemy's wounded men with the same kindness and consideration as those of our own troops. He is probably a prisoner.

Other officers might be mentioned had I the data at hand to specify, but I have not yet received reports from the Seventy-first New York and Second New Hampshire Volunteers. I append a list of casualties so far as reports have been received.*

It is a sad duty to record a defeat accompanied with the loss of so many valuable lives. But defeat should only make us more faithful still to the great cause of humanity and civilization, in order that every disaster should be more than compensated for by an enduring victory.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Colonel HUNTER,

Commanding Second Division.

PROVIDENCE, August 3, 1861.

COLONEL: You will observe that my report of the movements of my brigade at Bull Run on the 21st ultimo is dated July 24, but three days after the battle. It was made out in the rough on that day, and the next morning [25th] orders came to my camp directing me to get my First Rhode Island Regiment in readiness to leave for Providence on the 7 p.m. train. The work incident to moving a regiment with its baggage so occupied me that I had no time to revise my report, but sent it in as it was, intending at my leisure to make a supplementary one. It will not seem strange that many omissions and some inaccuracies should have occurred, which I now hope to correct.

I stated that after Colonel Hunter was wounded he directed me to "take charge of the formation of the division in the presence of the enemy," when I should have said, that part of the division in presence of the enemy. I, of course, knew that you commanded the division by virtue of your superior rank; but you were at that time, as you will remember, in command of your brigade, which you were just bringing into action.

In another part of my report I mention the arrival of Colonel Heintzelman's division on our left. It was Sherman's brigade, with the Sixty-ninth New York Militia in advance, that arrived at about 12.30 o'clock, and by a most deadly fire assisted in breaking the enemy's lines, and soon after 1 o'clock the woods on our front, which had been so obstinately held, were cleared of the enemy. My brigade had now been engaged since about 10.30 o'clock.

In my first report I ;mentioned the opportune arrival of Major Sykes' battalion. I beg to again mention the bravery and steadiness mani-

---------------

*See division return, p.387.

---------------

