
[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 21, 1865.

This report is respectfully forwarded. It gives some details not in previous reports. The Thirty-eighth New York, Colonel Ward, was in the rear and a little to the right of the Robinson house, and did not get up as far as the house. After the zouaves, I led up the First Minnesota and then the First Michigan, and both were repulsed. They, however, rallied and passed to the right into the woods, and the First Michigan, on the extreme right, held the most advanced position we occupied that disastrous day. My division, when I marched from Alexandria, had an aggregate of 9,463 men, but from detachments made by the commanding general at different times, I went into action with less than 4,000 men. The Third Brigade, Colonel Howard, did not arrive on the field until late in the day, about the time the panic, commenced. He was detached soon after we crossed Cub Run, early in the day, by General McDowell. I did not see the brigade until some half hour after I was wounded and after the Brooklyn Fourteenth gave way.

In consequence of the wounding and capture of Captain Ricketts, I have no report of his battery. His first lieutenant, Douglas Ramsay, I saw late in the day doing his duty faithfully and well. A few moments later he was shot dead, and soon after we lost the battery.

The accompanying report from Fairfax Station, dated July 17, 18761, properly belongs to this report.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

No. 47. Report of Colonel J. H. Hobart Ward, Thirty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, Camp near Shooter's Hill, July 29, 1861.

SIR: The temporary command of this brigade having devolved upon me in consequence of the mishap to Colonel Willcox, I have the honor to transmit herewith the following report; also, the regimental reports of a portion of the brigade, viz: From the First Michigan Regiment, the Scott Life Guard (Thirty-eighth Regiment New York State Volunteers), containing detailed accounts of their action during the engagement near Bull Run, on Sunday, 21st instant; the remaining regiments of the brigade, viz, the Fire Zouaves (Eleventh Regiment New York State Volunteers) and Arnold's battery having already rendered their reports to division headquarters.

This brigade commenced the action under command of Colonel Willcox, of Michigan, who was wounded while gallantly leading his command, and whose bravery could not have been excelled, and who is now a prisoner in the hands of the enemy. While I deeply deplore the circumstances by which it became my duty to forward this report, yet it affords me much gratification to speak in terms of the highest commendation of the brave and officer-like conduct of the gentlemen composing his staff, viz, Lieutenants Woodruff, Parker and Edike, in their efforts to bring order out of chaos under a most galling and deadly fire

