
missing; being a proportion of loss of one-third of the officers and one-fifth of the men lost or injured in the vicissitudes of the day.

Of the fate of Colonel Willcox there is no certain information. It is known, however, that his horses was shot under him, and that he received a wound in the arm while advancing upon the enemy's battery at the head of the regiment, and it was engaged in the act of binding up his wound, as is believed, that Captain Withington, of Company B, who was acting as major, received a wound and fell on the field.

Captain Butterworth, Company C, was also shot, and has not since been heard from. Captain Lum, of Company A, acting as lieutenant-colonel, was wounded in the knee, and is now in Washington, as is also Captain Graves, of Company K, Lieutenants Casey, Company G, Mauch, of Company F, and Parks, of Company H, were also wounded, and have not been heard from. Lieutenant Warner, of Company I, also wounded, is now in Washington. Of those brave men who have met their fate in the engagement I cannot speak in too high terms. The regiment will cherish the memory of their gallantry. Nor can I refrain from referring with highest commendation to the valuable services, bravery, and good conduct of all the officers on the field. Where all performed acts of gallantry and valor, it would be invidious to particularize, and I trust that all will alike find in the terrible proportion of their loss the best record of individual worth.

Yours, respectfully,

A. F. BIDWELL,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel WARD, Commanding Second Brigade, Alexandria, Va.

No. 49. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Addison Farnsworth, Thirty-eighth New York Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT, N. Y. V., (SECOND SCOTT LIFE GUARD), Camp Scott, near Alexandria, Va., July 29, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with my duty, I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of my regiment during the recent battle at or near Bull Run, on the 21st July, 18621:

On the morning of the 21st, in obedience to brigade orders, the regiment was formed, the men equipped in light marching order, and prepared to leave its bivouac at or near Centreville. The march, however, was not commenced until 6 o'clock a.m, when the regiment, with others constituting the brigade, advanced towards the scene of future operations.

After a fatiguing march over dusty roads, and at times through dense woods, the men suffering greatly from the intense head and great lack of water, and submitting to the same with a true soldierly spirit, the regiment, with others of the brigade, was halted in a field, in full view of the enemy, on the right of his line of entrenchments, and, within range of his artillery. After a very brief rest the regiment was formed in line of battle, and ordered by Colonel Willcox, the commandant of the brigade, to advance to a slight eminence fronting the enemy's batteries

