
wound in the leg. Lieutenant Thomas S. Hamblin, a gallant young officer, also received a wound in his leg while discharging his duty, and he, with the former officer, subsequently fell into the hands of the enemy. Captains McGrath and Allason both received injuries during the engagement, the former by being run down by the enemy's cavalry (from the effects of which he is now suffering) and the latter by a slight musket-shot. Lieutenant John Brady, jr., while bravely participating in the fight, was severely wounded in the arm. Asst. Surg. Stephen Griswold was on the field and under a heavy fire, at all times humanely and fearlessly discharging his duties to the wounded. He and Quartermaster Charles J. Murphy, who was assisting the wounded, were also taken prisoners.

In conclusion, I again assert my inability to do justice to the gallant conduct of the officers generally, and while it would afford me great pleasure to mention the names of many whose conduct fell under my personal observation, I must refrain from doing so, lest by omitting others I should do injustice to many equally as meritorious. Annexed is a list of the casualties in my regiment.*

Respectfully submitted.

ADDISON FARNSWORTH,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-eighth Regiment,

Second Scott Life Guard.

Colonel J. H. H. WARD,

Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, Volunteers.

No. 50. Report of Captain Richard Arnold, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 25, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with your order, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Light Company D, Second Artillery, in the battle of the 21st instant, at Bull Run:

The brigade to which my battery was attached halted, on arriving to the right and rear of the enemy to rest the men and prepare for action, and the battery was placed under cover in a ravine to await further orders. As soon as the brigades in advance became engaged, I was ordered to place my battery to the left and rear, to guard well that flank, and prevent its being turned and the enemy gaining our rear. Scarcely was this position reached when orders came to move forward as quickly as possible to the support of Captain Ricketts, then warmly engaged in front and in great peril. The pieces were immediately limbered, and the battery run up under whip and spur, and placed in position about eight hundred yards from the enemy's lines, to support and give confidence to the volunteers. A rapid and incessant fire was kept up for one hour and a half, throwing at least hour hundred rounds of shot, shell, spherical case, and some canister, and I was informed did good execution. Their loss from artillery must have been very heavy. During all this time the battery was exposed to a severe and most accurate artillery fire.

---------------

*Embodied in division return, p.405.

---------------

