
woods became somewhat scattered. They soon rallied, however, and marched in retreat at route step to their camp at Centreville.

I would take this opportunity to mention the heroic conduct of several officers of the regiment, and particularly of Captain E. Burt, of the brigade staff, who met me on the way and tendered his valuable services to act in capacity of adjutant. He deserves the hearty support and good-will of the entire regiment.

Captain Hesseltine, before leaving camp with his company, engaged in prayer, and was heard to say to his men, "Trust in God, stand by the flag, and you will know no fear." They did stand by, one and all, and the captain cared not for his own comfort, but ministered to the wants of the wounded, and conducted a part in safety to the camp.

Captain Sawyer, Heath, Lakeman, and Lieutenants Hatch, Hall, Wiggin, Colson, Johnson, Watson, Savage, and Harvey evinced true courage, kept their positions during the engagement till ordered to retire, and administered to the wants of the suffering.

The report of the killed, wounded, and missing, as far as can be ascertained, is as follows.*

*		*		*		*		*		*

It is reported that some of the missing have been seen in Washington.

With respect, I have the honor to be, yours,

HENRY G. STAPLES,

Major, Commanding Third Regiment Maine Volunteers.

Colonel O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, U. S. Army.

No. 53. Report of Colonel Hiram G. Berry, Fourth Maine Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT MAINE VOLUNTEERS, Clermont, Va.,July 26, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you my regiment now in quarters at this post. The engagement with the enemy on Sunday, and the long march incident thereto, have exhausted my men, and some time must necessarily elapse before the regiment will be fitted for active duties. As near as can be ascertained, the loss in killed in the engagement at Bull Run consists of two commissioned officers, Lieutenant Clark, of Company G (Wiscasset), and Lieutenant Burd, of Company F. Two commissioned officers wounded, Captain Bean and Lieutenant Huxoford. Sergeant-Major Chapman killed; twenty-eight privates killed and thirty-three wounded.+ This indeed has been an unfortunate affair for this regiment.

I herewith hand you report of wants for regiment, in accordance with ordered so to do. In doing so, I must beg leave to say that may men have no confidence whatever in the kind of arms with which we are now partially supplied. Had they been properly armed,the result of Sunday's loss would have been somewhat different. It will take some time to bring the regiment up to that state of confidence in the managers of this war that it had prior to last Sundays' affair. I mention these things

---------------

*Embodied in division return, p.405.

+But see division return, p.405.

---------------

