
consequence of the route being obstructed. En route we had some three of four skirmishers, the last one being within three miles of our present camp.

In this, so far as is ascertained, one officer and one private were slightly and one private seriously wounded. I will report more particularly as to this when the official returns reach me.

The obstructions on my route consisted of barricades, some of them quite extensive, caused by felling trees across the road. Within a mile of my present position we came upon quite an extensive earthwork, badly constructed, but capable of considerable defense. The parapet was about six feet thick, rivetted with poles, with a command of several feet. The line was four hundred or five hundred yards in length. We found this work deserted. At the location of our present camp I found the camp of the Fifth Regiment Alabama troops, which had just been deserted.

I would report that Major J. G. Barnard, Engineers, is with my division. He desires me to inform that he will remain with it to-morrow unless you otherwise direct.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry, commanding Fifth Division.

Captain JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant General, Hdqrs. Dep't N. E. Va.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, DEP'T N. E. VA., Centreville,July 19, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to add the following in reference to the skirmish of the advanced guard of my division, referred to in my report of date the 17th instant.

In this action two companies, deployed as skirmishers, were concerned, and at the time were under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Young, of the Eighteenth Regiment New York Volunteers. The fire of the enemy opened from a wood, but, as during the engagement he was not exposed, I cannot report his number.

The wounded of my division are as follows: Lieutenant Groot, Eighteenth Regiment New York Volunteers, in left hand, slightly; Sergeant Allen, Company A, Eighteenth New York Volunteers, in left arm and side, severely; Private Waterson, Company A, Eighteenth New York Volunteers, in thigh, severely; Private McKinly, Company K, Eighteenth New York Volunteers; in leg, slightly.

I would invite the attention of the general commanding to the energetic manner in which Colonel Young discharged his duty. Determined bravery was manifested by every member of the command in contact with the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry, commanding Fifth Division.

Captain JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dep't N. E. Va.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, Camp near Alexandria, July 24, 1861.

SIR: My health being impaired and growing worse, if I delay I shall

