
Before closing permit me to name and do justice to my staff, whose assiduity in the performance of their duties and untiring exertions throughout the day deserve all the commendation I am able to bestow, viz: Captain Vincent, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Prime, Engineer; Lieutenant McMillan, adjutant Second Infantry and acting inspector-general; Assistant Surgeon Woodward, medical director; and Major Ritchie, New York Volunteers, my aide-de-camp. Lieutenant Mendell, Topographical Engineers, was quite ill during the day and thereby prevented for being with me. Lieutenant Hawkins, Second Infantry, division quartermaster, and Lieutenant Cushing, Second Infantry, my aide, were absent on detached for supplies, &amp;c., and had performed their duty, and were within two miles of Centreville when they met our Army crowding the road. My brigade commanders, Blenker, Davies, and Richardson, admirably performed their respective duties. My remarks apply also to their officer and men. The batteries of Major Hunt, Captain Tidball, and Lieutenants Edwards and Greene handsomely executed all required of them.

In closing this report I would make a personal allusion to my condition during the day. I had lost my rest the two nights previous, was sick, and eaten nothing during the day, and had it not been for the great responsibility resting on me should have been in bed.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry, Commanding Fifth Division.

Captain JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dep. N. E. Va.

Return of casualties in the Fifth Division, Army (Union) of Northeastern Virginia, at the battle of Bull Run, July 21, 1861.

[Compiled from the several returns and reports.]

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	Officers.	Enlisted	Officers.	Enlisted

men.		men.

Eight New York	 ---	 2	 ---	 2

Twenty-ninth New	 ---	 2 	 1	 8

York

Thirty-ninth New	 ---	 2 	 ---	 5

York

Total First Brigade	 ---	 6	 1	 15

Sixteenth New York	 ---	 ---	 1	 ---

Thirty-first New	 ---	 ---	 ---	 1

York

Total Second	 ---	 ---	 1	 1

Brigade

Total Fifth	 ---	 6	 2	 16

Division

Missing.

Command.	Officers.	Enlisted men.	Aggregate.

Eight New York	 ---	 7	 11

Twenty-ninth New York	 ---	 35	 46

Thirty-ninth New York	 ---	 54	 61

Total First Brigade	 ---	 96	 118

Sixteenth New York	 ---	 ---	 1

Thirty-first New York	 ---	 1	 2

Total Second Brigade	 ---	 1	 3

Total Fifth Division	 ---	 97	 121

No. 57. Report of Colonel Louis Blenker, Eighth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Fifth Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIFTH DIVISION, Roach's Mill Camp, Va.,August 4, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the

