
MANASSAS, VA., May 25, 1861.

The information from trustworthy vedettes indicates the enemy at Falls Church and Ball's Cross Roads not to exceed five or six hundred. A rumor that a large body was advancing towards Leesburg needs confirmation. As yet a number of our troops are destitute of camp equipage and with but little ammunition, but exhibit admirable spirits.

M. L. BONHAM.

Major-General LEE.

MANASSAS, VA., May 25, 1861.

According to the most reliable information from my vedettes, the enemy are not over five hundred strong at Falls Church and Ball's Cross Roads each. No news of any attempt by Occoquan. Leesburg safe at 4 o'clock this morning. The Alexandria (Va.) troops are here, without cooking utensils, and many without arms. Please send to the quartermaster of this place cooking utensils and other camp equipage for six hundred men, as destitute men are hourly joining me. Caps, ammunition, and arms greatly needed.

M. L. BONHAM.

General LEE.

No. 6. Reports of Colonel George H. Terrett, C. S. forces, commanding at Alexandria.

MANASSAS, VA., May 24, 1861.

The Northern troops, six thousand strong, marched into Alexandria at 4.30 o'clock this morning. The Virginia forces, five hundred in number, retreated in good order, their rear guard in sight of and within two hundred yards of the advance guard of the enemy. A large cavalry force crossed the Chain Bridge at 12 o'clock last night. Destination supposed to be somewhere on the line of the Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad.

GEO. H. TERRETT.

Major-General LEE.

MANASSAS JUNCTION, VA.,

Camp Pickens, May 28, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from headquarters, of this day's date, in regard to the capture of Captain ball and his troops, I have to report that, on the morning of the 24th instant, about 1.30 a. m., Captain Ball came to my quarters and reported that one of the vedettes, stationed at the Chain Bridge, about three miles west of Georgetown, D. C., had informed him that a squadron of cavalry had crossed over to the Virginia shore. I immediately ordered my command under arms, to await further orders. About 5.30 a. m. an officer was sent from the steamer Pawnee, Northern Navy, to inform me that an overwhelming force was about entering the city of Alexandria, and it would be madness to resist, and that I could have until 9 a. m. to evacuate or surrender. I then ordered the troops under my command to assemble at the place designated by me on assuming command in Alexandria, that I might either resist or fall back, as circumstances might require. As soon as the

