
Marsh, each in perfect order, not having fired a gun at the enemy. The Eighteenth and Thirty-second Regiments were ordered by me to fall back on Centreville, which they did in good order, and my entire brigade, together with Hunt's battery, fell back on Centreville heights without the least confusion and in perfect order, and assumed positions under the direct command of General McDowell, who sent a major, an aide, to me, directing that my regiments should fall in in accordance with his express orders. The entire left wing was then in complete order, and every man in his place. Having received this order from General McDowell, I left my command, and went to Centreville Centre to look after the sick and wounded and my own baggage train. I returned immediately to my command, and found that Colonel Miles had been superseded, and received an order from General McDowell to take command of the left wing, which I did, encamping on the ground, when the order came for a retrograde movement to fall back on Fairfax Court-House. I formed my brigade, the Sixteenth first, Greene's battery next the Eighteenth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-second following, and marched them towards Fairfax Court-House. I found Blenker's brigade about two miles on the road, in order on each side of it, at "parade rest." I communicated with Colonel Blenker, and found that he had received direct orders from General McDowell to bring up the rear and prevent my attack by the enemy. My brigade then continued its march, and arrived in camp at Alexandria, and were in perfect condition on Monday, every regiment, as I understand, having an evening parade, and prepared for duty. Greene's battery went on to Arlington, from which place I recalled it here yesterday, and the brigade now stands complete as before the battle, with the exception of the list of casualties herewith inclosed, amounting to Lieutenant Craig, of Hunt's battery, killed, and two privates wounded (one seriously and one slightly), and one private taken prisoner.

In respect to the conduct of the officers under my command on the 21st, I cannot say too much of the practical and industrious perservance of Colonel Richardson, who command his brigade on the Centreville road, who made important impromptu defense in felling trees, and by temporary fortifications across the road, which, although they were not required from the direction of the attack, would have proved of immense value under other circumstances. His persevering energy during the day was untiring, and I am indebted to him for valuable suggestions as to positions and defense.

To Major Hunt and Lieutenant Edwards, who commanded the batteries on the left, any words that I can use will fall far short of expressing the beauty with which they handled their pieces and the rapidity and precision of their fire. It was the most surprisingly beautiful display of skill ever witnessed by those present.

As to Lieutenant Greene, who had charge of the rifled guns on the right, and was more immediately under the eyes of Colonel Richardson, I can state, from my own observations, that the cool and deliberate manner in which he commanded his battery on that and on previous occasions assure me that he is entitled to more praise than his modest report, which I herewith inclose, would induce [No. 61].

As to Colonel Jackson, commanding the Eighteenth Regiment, I can state that during the morning, while he was in the face of the enemy, discharging picket duty, and in line of battle, he and his command behaved with coolness and bravery, and was relied upon in the afternoon as a reserve with great confidence.

Colonel Pratt, commanding the Thirty-first regiment, and Lieutenant

