
Colonel Marsh, commanding the Sixteenth Regiment, ordered into line of battle by Colonel Miles on the field, and in previous picket duty, showed superior drill and discipline, and to their strict obedience of orders in reserving their fire, under the most provoking circumstances, while they were supporting the artillery, may be attributed the safety of the latter, and probably the safety of the left wing.

Colonel Matheson performed various evolutions during the day under orders, at one time protecting one road, at another time another, and then as a reserve in column; and the patience of himself and command, while so acting within sound of fire, is entitled to great credit. Adjutant Howland, Sixteenth Regiment, my acting aide-de-camp, rendered me valuable services in changing the position of the troops from time to time, and, in general, doing all of his duties thoroughly, and much appertaining to others.

To Brevet Second Lieutenant Bradford, acting brigade commissary, and to Acting Quartermaster Woolsey R. Hopkins and Acting Asst. Adjt. General F. H. Cowdrey much praise is due for the gallant manner in which they delivered orders, sometimes under heavy fire.

Surgeon Crandall and Surgeon's Mate Moore, Sixteenth Regiment, performed their duties with great fidelity and skill, dressing the wounds of many not under my command.

Surgeon Hamilton, of the Thirty-first Regiment, dressed the wounds of over two hundred men at Centreville.

To the teamsters of ordnance and baggage wagons credit is due for having returned all the wagons and teams, and public property of every description instructed to them, safely to camp.

Joseph B. Rodden, Company K, Sixteenth Regiment, remained on the field at Centreville till the morning after the fight, and drove into camp, with the aid of a negro whom he pressed into his service, thirty head of cattle belonging to the Government, and arrived at Alexandria on Tuesday morning.

I understand from a deserter now in my camp that my old classmate at West Point, Robert E. Lee, command the enemy's forces opposed to me at Blackburn's Ford.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Fifth Division.

Captain JAMES B. FRY, Asst. Adjt. General,

General McDowell, Commanding.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH REGIMENT N. Y. VOLS., Alexandria, Va., August 9, 1861.

Captain JAMES B. FRY, Asst. Adjt. General,Brigadier-General McDowell, Commanding:

SIR: It is with deep sorrow that I see from the general report of Brigadier-General McDowell of the battle of Bull Run that he had failed to give the troops under my command on that day the credit of a victory and of protection to the left wing of the Army.

The circumstances of the battle of Blackburn's Ford, on the 21st of July, and of the fact a victory of our arms at one point, at least, would be gratifying to the public to know.

I therefore ask for a court of inquiry to investigate the circumstances of our action on the left at the battle of the 21st ultimo, in order that

