
besides one hundred and seventy-five stand of arms, a large quantity of accouterments and blankets, and quite one hundred and fifty hast.

The effect of this day's conflict was to satisfy the enemy he could not force a passage across Bull Run in the face of our troops, and led him into the flank movement of the 21st of July and the battle of Manassas, the details of which will be related in another paper.

Herewith I have the honor to transmit the reports of the several brigade commanders engaged and of the artillery; also a map of the field of battle.*

The rendition of this report, it is proper to say in conclusion, has been unavoidably delayed by the constantly engrossing administrative duties of the commander of an army corps composed wholly of volunteers, duties vitally essential to its well being and future efficiency, and which I could not set aside or postpone on any account.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure A.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 100. Manassas Junction, July 8, 1861.

Paragraph IV, of Special Orders, No. 51, from these headquarters, dated June 20, 1861, is revoked, and if attacked by a superior force of the enemy, the three brigades of the Army of the Potomac, serving in Fairfax County, will retire in the following manner and order:

I. The First Brigade on Mitchell's Ford, of Bull Run, by way of Centreville.

II. The whole of the Fifth Brigade on Bull Run stone brigade, and adjacent fords, making a stand, if practicable, at the suspension bridge across Cub Run.

III. The Second Brigade, except Colonel Rodes' regiment, will fall back via the railway and adjacent roads on Union Mills ford and the railroad bridge across Bull Run, burning the bridges on their way.

The Fifth Regiment Alabama Volunteers, Colonel Rodes, will retire by way of Braddock's old road and the nearest side roads to McLean's Ford, on Bull Run, or Union Mills Ford, as most practicable. These brigades, thus in position, will make a desperate stand at the several points hereinbefore designated on the line of Bull Run, and will be supported as follows:

I. The Third Brigade will move forward to McLean's Ford.

II. The Fourth Brigade will repair to Blackburn's Ford.

III. The Sixth Brigade will be advanced to Union Milss Ford.

IV. Major Walton's battery will repair to McLean's farm-house by the shortest practicable route, with which he shall at once make himself and his officers thoroughly acquainted. At said farm-house he will await further orders.

Should the enemy march to the attack of Mitchell's Ford via Centreville the following movements will be made with celerity:

I. The Fourth Brigade will march from Blacburn's Ford to attack him on the flank and center.

---------------

*Map not found.

---------------

