
II. The Third Brigade will be thrown to the attack of his center and rear towards Centreville.

III. The Second and Sixth Brigades united will also push forward and attack him in the rear by way of Centreville, protecting their own right flanks and rear from the direction of Fairfax Station and Court-House.

IV. In the event of the defeat of the enemy, the troops at Mitchell's Ford and stone bridge, especially the cavalry and artillery, will join in dance, and continued until he shall have been driven beyond the Potomac.

V. The garrison of Camp Pickens and all existing guards and pickets inside of the lines of Bull Run and the Occoquan River will remain in position until otherwise ordered.

VI. The chiefs of the several staff corps attached to these headquarters will take all necessary measures to secure an efficient service of their respective departments in the exigency.

By order of Brigadier-General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant General.

[Indorsement.]

The plan of attack prescribed within would have been executed with modifications affecting First and Fifth Brigades to meet the attack upon Blackburn's Fod but for the expected coming of General Johnston's command, which was known to be en route to join me on the 18th of July.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

No. 65. Reports of Colonel Thomas Jordan, Assistant Adjutant-General C. S. forces, of operations July 18 and 19.

MANASSAS, July 18, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

The enemy began the action at 12 o'clock noon to-day at Mitchell's Ford - subsequently at McLean's Ford. Bonham's and Longstreet's brigades engaged. Firing very heavy and obstinate. Thus far we have maintained our positions, despite the great odds opposed. There is now a lull. Johnston is marching to our support by Ashby's Gap and forced marches.

Respectfully,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MANASSAS, July 19, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

Enemy did not renew fight to-day. The ground they were driven from was strewn with guns, hats, swords, coats, &amp;c. Late this afternoon

