
their columns had been seen gathering as if for an attack to-morrow in great force, an we hear of a heavy force about Sangster's. Johnston's brigade are arriving. Jackson already here. Holmes is pushing up. McCrae is here. The general is out on the line of Bull Run, watching reported movements.

THOMAS JORDAN.

No. 66. Report of Brigadier General M. L. Bonham, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of retreat from Fairfax Court-House and skirmish at Mitchell's Ford.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp Gregg, July 31, 1861.

GENERAL: In making, in obedience to your orders, a report of the operations of my brigade on the 18th instant, I beg leave to make a brief statement of the events immediately preceding that day, and which are closely connected with it.

On the morning of the 17th instant, at Fairfax Court-House, the advance forces of the Army of the Potomac under my command consisted of the Second Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Kershaw; Third, Colonel Williams; Seventh, Colonel Bacon; Eighth, Colonel Cash; the Eighteenth Virginia Volunteers, Colonel Withers, temporarily attached; part of Colonel Radford's cavalry; Captain Wickham's, Ball's, Powell's, and Payne's troops of cavalry, and the batteries of Captains Kemper and Shields. Early that morning I received from my scouts confirmation of what I had been hearing many hours previous, viz, that the enemy would probably advance upon me that morning by the Alexandria, Flint Hill, and, it was said, the Falls Church roads.

In obedience to your orders, which I had previously received, to fall back on the approach of an enemy to attack my position in "superior force," I ordered my baggage and supply wagons to be put in immediate motion, and to be parked in rear of Bull Run, Mitchell's Ford. This was promptly and successfully accomplished by Colonel Kemper, assisted by Lieutenant Washington, quartermaster, and Major Kennedy, commissary for the command, with but little loss.

Between 8 and 9 o'clock I heard the report and saw the smoke of the enemy's artillery at Flint Hill, about two miles off, and learned at the same time that my pickets were being driven in. I immediately ordered the troops to their trenches, their places having been previously designated, which order was obeyed with the greatest and enthusiasm, the body of the troops not knowing that they were to fall back at all. My plank of falling back on Bull Run, based upon your instructions, I had previously explained to the commanding officers of corps, assigning each his position on the march at Centreville and at Bull Run in a confidential order, which I did not deliver till on the march.

Finding the enemy did not seem to be approaching by the Falls Church road, I ordered the pickets to be withdrawn from that road. About 9 o'clock the enemy made his appearance in large force on the Flint Hill slope, and, deploying his columns, moved down toward the Court-House, his lines extending a great distance across the open fields, stretching out from Flint Hill to the Court-House. I awaited his approach

29 R R-VOL II

