
command of Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, and threw Captain Casson's company on the hill on the left of the road at the hospital, placing a section of Kemper's battery in position at the Court-House.

Receiving your orders to fall back, anxious for the safety of my picket, who had not yet returned, the enemy being now far in the rear of the position where the pickets had been posted, I went forward with Captain Hoke's company and Captain Rhett's to the hill near Wilcoxson's, where I awaited their arrival. Shortly after they appeared, and my movement commenced. Withdrawing all the companies and Kemper's battery from the Falls Church road, I occupied with them, alternating with the detachment of Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, each successive entrenchment from that point to the Germantown road as they were severally vacated by the regiments in charge of them, having in the mean time been re-enforced by the arrival of Captain Wickham's squadron of cavalry, composed of his own and Captain Flood's company.

Arrived at the fork of the road, I moved one battalion towards Germantown to replace Colonel Cash, and took position on the Centreville road on the hill commanding the village of Fairfax with two pieces of artillery and the other battalion, directing the other two pieces to take position in the rear at the intersecting of the cross-road from Germantown, to which the first battalion had been directed to proceed. So soon as Colonel Cash had advanced sufficiently on his march I moved the whole command in good order to Centreville without interference, where we took position, much fatigued from the excessive heat of the day, at Artillery Hill.

At midnight I was informed that the march had been resumed to Bull Run, and soon as all the troops had left the village of Centreville I put my command in motion in the following order: First, the cavalry; second, Kemper's battery; third, infantry with a small cavalry vedette a short distance in the rear. In this order we marched without interruption to Mitchell's Ford, Bull Run, where my regiment resumed the position which they had occupied some weeks before in the entrenchments of their own construction. Two pieces of Kemper's battery were placed in position in the trenches on the left of the road, the remaining two placed under direction on Kemper's Hill north of the run, also on the left of the road. The cavalry were directed to return to their regiment.

On the 18th instant Captain Wallace's company was stationed at Butler's on the Centreville road, to observe the approach of the enemy. While there an officer of the enemy, or employe in their quartermaster's department, O'Brien by name, rode up to Captain Wallace and asked for General McDowell. Immediately perceiving his mistake he drew his pistol and turned to make his escape, but was immediately killed by Captain Wallace's men. Later in the day the enemy appeared in force, and Captain Wallace withdrew his company. Captains Perryman and Cuthbert were thrown out in the morning with their companies to support Kemper's half battery on the hill, which was commanded by Captain Kemper in person.

About noon a heavy artillery fire was opened upon our lines from the enemy's artillery posted near Rough's, which continued for some time without response on our part; but the range of Captain Kemper's position having been ascertained by the enemy, and their fire becoming more threatening, Captain Kemper fired a half dozen apparently most effective shots and retired in safety to the trenches, covered by Captains Perryman's and Cuthbert's rifles. After a few shots at this retreating party the enemy turned their attention almost exclusively to the troops

