
posted to the right of our brigade. During the day there were many narrow escapes in the trenches occupied by my regiment, and the bravery and spirit of my whole command was strikingly displayed in their contempt of the danger and their eagerness for a nearer approach of the enemy.

About 4 o'clock in the afternoon, by your direction, I detached the companies of Captains Hoke, Cuthbert, Casson, and Haile, and assuming the command myself, with one piece of Captain Kemper's artillery, under his own command, reoccupied Kemper's Hill. Reconnoitering with Messrs. Doby and Wallce, of my staff, it was ascertained that the enemy occupied in force the graveyard near Holden's and the ravine between Holden's and Robert's house with skirmishers in the open field on their right. After three shots from Kemper's battery, which produced evident confusion in the enemy's ranks, I received an order from General Beauregard to return immediately, which was promptly obeyed. Soon after the enemy ceased firing and withdrew. About sunset, by your order, my regiment moved with Captain Kemper's battery and took position on the left of your command, where we remained without incident until Sunday, the 21st instant.

One unpleasant feature of the abandonment of Fairfax Court-House was the loss of much private baggage, some tents, knapsacks, and camp kettles, and all the hospital stores, for the want of sufficient transportation, which this regiment has never had. The knapsacks of Captains Rhett's and Haile's companies were lost in consequence of those companies being on picket guard when the movement commenced, and time was not afforded them to recover them.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. KERSHAW,

South Carolina Volunteers.

Brigadier General M. L. BONHAM,

Commanding First Brigade, &amp;c.

Numbers 68. Report of Colonel J. H. Williams, Third South Carolina Infantry, of retreat from Fairfax Court-House and skirmish at Mitchell's Ford.

CAMP GREGG, Vienna, Va., August 2, 1861.

I have the honor to report that I occupied the advanced position on the main turnpike road leading from Fairfax Court-House to Alexandria when the enemy appeared in movement on the morning of the 17th upon the advanced forces at Fairfax. My baggage train, which had been kept in readiness, was immediately forwarded in the direction of Bull Run, carrying everything of value. My two companies on picket at the barricade across the Alexandria turnpike road, three miles from camp, and therefore in danger of being cut off by the column of the enemy advancing along the Flint Hill road, were called in, and my regiment marched through Fairfax to a position on the right of the road in front of Colonel Bacon's camp, the right wing of the battalion being stationed behind the entrenchments, the left wing drawn up under the hill to the left of the works. When the line of march was taken up I followed in rear of Colonel Withers as far as Centreville, and arriving at that place deployed my regiment on the right, occupying the village.

