
This position I held until ordered to Bull Run, following in rear of the artillery. Arriving there, I deployed along the right bank of the stream, my right resting on the left of the intrenched works, my left extending up the stream across the road which leads from Mitchell's Ford along the right bank. My men, though much fatigued and in want of sleep, completed by 10 o'clock a.m. temporary breastworks of timber and brushwood, and awaited under arms the attack of the enemy, who soon after appeared in heavy force in our front and opened a brisk cannonade upon our whole line. One of my companies (Captain Jones, on picket across the stream at Roberts' house) received several well directed fires of the enemy, but retired under orders without loss. The enemy's fire was kept up at intervals until 5 o'clock p.m., many of their missiles passing above and falling around us, but without doing any damage.

My regiment was not engaged in the musketry fire on the right in the afternoon of the 18th, being kept in position in expectation of an attack upon the center of our general line.

I must here express my high appreciation of the soldierly qualities and bearing of the troops under my command exhibited in the march from Fairfax, which was certainly a dangerous and trying one, and of their conduct while under fire. Of their fortitude, courage, and the prompt execution of all orders under such unfavorable circumstances I cannot speak too highly. On every occasion I received the active co-operation of all the field and staff officers and all the officers and men under my command.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILLIAMS,

Colonel Third Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Brigadier General M. L. BONHAM,

Commanding First Brigade, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 69. Report of Colonel T. G. Bacon, Seventh South Carolina Infantry, of skirmish at Mitchell's Ford.

HDQRS. SEVENTH REG'T SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS.

August 2, 1861.

GENERAL: In obedience to an order received from headquarters First Brigade, Army of the Potomac, of this date, issued pursuant to an order of August 1, received from Manassas, I have the honor to submit the following report:

Early on the morning of the 18th July the enemy appeared on a high hill about twelve hundred yards from the entrenchments in which the Seventh South Carolina Regiment was placed, on the northwest side of the road leading from Mitchell's Ford over Bull Run to Centreville. By 9 a.m. of that day they had located their batteries, and forthwith commenced firing upon the embankments behind which we were situated, throwing both shot and shell. Random firing was kept up during the day against this and adjacent points until the close of the battle fought by General Longstreet's brigade, situated below to the right of the Seventh Regiment. The batteries were rifled were rifled and 6-pounder cannon, throwing 6-pound round shot and 12-pound conical shell. No injury

