
ment Virginia Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonels Fry, Funsten, and Munford; Majors Harrison (twice shot and mortally wounded), Brent, and Skinner, displayed more coolness and energy than is usual amongst veterans of the old service. I am particularly indebted to Lieutenant-Colonel Munford and Major Brent, who having a spare moment and seeing my great need of staff officers at a particular juncture, offered their assistance. Surgeons Cullen, Thornhill, and Davis, Assistant Surgeons Murray, Snowden, and Chalmers, were in the heat of the action much oftener than their duties required, and were exceedingly active and energetic. Lieutenant F. S. Armistead, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant P. T. Manning, aide-de-camp, were very active and gallant in the discharge of their duties. Captain Thomas Walton and Captain Macon Thompson, volunteer aids, under their first fire and in their first service, are worthy of their newly-adopted profession. Under a terrific fire these staff officers seemed to take peculiar delight in having occasion to show to those around them their great confidence in our cause and our success.

I inclose the reports of the different commanders, and refer to them for the names of the killed and wounded of their commands.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 77. Report of Colonel Jubal A. Early, Twenty-fourth Virginia Infantry, of action at Blackburn's Ford.
HDQRS. SIXTH BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 31, 1861.

COLONEL: I submit the following report of the operations of my brigade on the 18th instant in the engagement at Blackburn's Ford on Bull Run, in which our troops were commanded by Brigadier-General Longstreet:

In the morning of that day I marched with my brigade, composed of the Seventh Virginia Volunteers, Colonel Kemper's regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Williams; the Seventh Louisiana Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Harry T. Hays; six companies of the Twenty-fourth Virginia Volunteers, my own, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Hairston, and three pieces of artillery from the Washington Battalion of New Orleans, under the command of Lieutenant Squires, to Camp Walker, from whence it was moved by direction of General Beauregard into the road leading from Camp Walker to the gate in front of McLean's farm, where it remained until about 12 o'clock, at which time a large could of dust was observed on the high ridge north of Blackburn's Ford, at which General Longstreet's brigade was stationed. This cloud of dust proved to be produced by the enemy's columns moving in that direction, and in a few minutes the cannonading was commenced by the enemy, directed first upon General Bonham's position at Mitchell's Ford and subsequently upon the farm-house of McLean and the hospital in his barn, over which was floating the hospital flag.

As soon as the cannonading commenced my brigade was moved by order or the general to the cover of the pines to the left of the road

