
rights and property of the people are respected, and repress all attempts at negro insurrection.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

Instructions to Brigadier General T. A. Morris.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 26, 1861.

Brigadier-General MORRIS, Indianapolis:

You will probably be ordered to-morrow to move with, say, two regiments to Wheeling or Parkersburg. Circumstances may change this, but be ready. Keep this secret; and when you do move, give out Pittsburgh, or some other point, as you destination.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

Proclamation to the People of Western Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 26, 1861.

To the Union Men of Western Virginia:

VIRGINIA: The General Government has long enough endured the machinations of a few factious rebels in your midst. Armed traitors have in vain endeavored to deter you form expressing your loyalty at the polls. Having failed in this infamous attempt to deprive you of the exercise of your dearest rights, they now seek to inaugurate a reign of terror, and thus force you to yield schemes, and submit to the yoke of the traitorous conspiracy dignified by the name of Southern Confederacy.

They are destroying the property of citizens of your State and ruining your magnificent railways. The General Government has heretofore carefully abstained from sending troops across the Ohio, or even from posting them along it s banks, although frequently urged by many of your prominent citizens to do so. I determined to await the result of the late election, desirous that no one might be able to say that the slightest effort had been made form this side to on fluency the free expression of your opinion, although the many agencies brought to bear upon you by the rebels were well known.

You have now shown, under the most adverse circumstances, that the great mass of the people of Western Virginia are true and loyal to that beneficent Government under which we and our fathers have lived so ling. As soon as the result of the election was known the traitors commenced their work of destruction. The General Government cannot close its ears to the demand you have made for assistance. I have ordered troops to cross the river. They some as your friends and brothers - as enemies only to the armed rebels who are preying upon you. Your homes, your families, and your property are safe under our protection. All your rights shall be religiously respected.

Notwithstanding all that has been sid by the traitors to induce you to believe that our advent among you will signalized by interference with your slaves, understand one thing clearly - not only will we abstain

