
Numbers 82. Report of Brigadier General T. J. Jackson, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Army of the Shenandoah.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Camp near Manassas, Va., July 23, 1861.

MAJOR:I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade on the 21st:

About 4 in the morning I received notice from General Longstreet that he needed a re-enforcement of two regiments, which were accordingly ordered.

Subsequently I received an order from General Beauregard to move to the support of General Bonham, afterwards to support General Cocke, and finally to take such position as would enable me to re-enforce either, as circumstances might require.

Whilst in the position last indicated I received a request from General Cocke to guard the stone bridge, and immediately moved forward to effect the object in view.

Subsequently ascertaining that General Bee, who was on the left of our line, was hard pressed, I marched to his assistance, notifying him at the same time that I was advancing to his support; but, before arriving within cannon range of the enemy, I met General Bee's forces falling back. I continued to advance with the understanding that he would form in my rear. His battery, under its dauntless commander, Captain Imboden, reversed and advanced with my brigade.

The first favorable position for meeting the enemy was at the next summit, where at 11.30 a.m., I posted Captain Imboden's battery and two pieces of Captain Stanard's, so as to play upon the advancing foe. The Fourth Regiment, commanded by Colonel James F. Preston, and the Twenty-seventh Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel John F. Preston, and the Twenty-seventh Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel John Echols, were posted in rear of the batteries; the Fifth Regiment, commanded by Colonel Kenton Harper, was posted on the right of the batteries; the Second Regiment, commanded by Colonel James W. Allen, on the left, and the Thirty-third commanded by Colonel A. C. Cummings, on his left. I also ordered forward the other two pieces of Captain Stanard's and all those of Colonel Pendleton's battery. They, as well as the battery under Lieutenant Pelham, came into action on the same line as the others; and nobly did the artillery maintain for hours against the enemy's advancing thousands. Great praise is due to Colonel Pendleton and the other officers and men.

Apprehensive lest my flanks should be turned, I send an order to Colonels Stuart and Radford, of the cavalry, to secure them. Colonel Stuart and that part of his command with him deserve great praise for the promptness with which they moved to my left and secured the flank by timely charging the enemy and driving him back.

General Bee, with his rallied troops, soon marched to my support; and as re-enforcements continued to arrive General Beauregard posted them so as to strengthen the flanks of my brigade. The enemy not being able to force our lines by a direct fire of artillery, inclined part of his batteries to the right, so as to obtain an oblique fire; but in doing so exposed his pieces to a more destructive fire from our artillery, and one of his batteries was thrown so near to Colonel Cummings that it fell into his hands in consequence of his having made a gallant charge on it with his regiment; but owing to a destructive small-arm fire from the enemy he was forced to abandon it.

31 R R-VOL II

