
from all such interference, but we will, on the contrary, with an iron hand, crush any attempt at insurrection on their part. Now tht we are in your midst, I call upon you to fly to arms and support the General Government.

Sever the connection that binds you to traitors. Proclaim to the world that the faith and loyalty so long boasted by the Old dominion are still preserved in Western Virginia, and that you remain true to the Stars and Stripes.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 6.]

Address to the Soldiers of the Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 26, 1861.

SOLDIERS: You are ordered to cross the frontier and enter upon the soil of Virginia. Your mission is to restore peace and confidence, to protect the majesty of the law, and to rescue our brethren from the grasp of armed traitors. Your are to act in concert with the Virginia troops, and to support their advance. I place under the safeguard of your honor the persons and property of the Virginians. I know that you will respect their feelings and all their rights. Preserve the strictest discipline; remember that each one of your holds in his keeping the honor of Ohio and of the Union.

If you are called upon to overcome armed opposition, I know that your courage is equal to the task; but remember that your only foes are the armed traitors, and show mercy even to them when they are in your power, for many of them are misguided. When under your protection the loyal men of Western Virginia have been enabled to organize and arm, they can protect themselves, and you can then return to your homes with the proud satisfaction of having preserved a gallant people from destruction.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 30, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the successful occupation of Grafton without the loss of a single life. My previous dispatches have informed you of the circumstances under which the movement was undertaken and the orders given for carrying it into effect. The movement was greatly delayed by the necessity of repairing the burned bridges. I constantly advised Colonel Kelley to use great caution, and I am happy to say that he has been able to combine it with unusual energy.

He promptly arrived at the burned bridge; at once set a working party at preparing timber for repairs, moved an advanced guard forward to the very important bridge over the Monongahela, at Fairmont, and seised all the secessionists he could find. At 11 o'clock this morning he moved forward, and reached Grafton at 2.30 p. m. The secessionists had evacuated the place before his arrival.

The colonel will pursue them on the Beverly road in the morning and endeavor to capture at least some arms that they sent away before they

4 R R-VOL II

