
contest under the illusion that it had weightier metal than its own to contend with.

The center brigades, Bonham's and Longstreet's, of the line of Bull Run, if not closely engaged, were, nevertheless, exposed for much of the day to an annoying, almost incessant fire of artillery of long range; but, by a steady, veteran-like maintenance of their positions, they held virtually paralyzed all day two strong brigades of the enemy with their batteries (four) of rifled guns.

As before said, two regiments of Bonham's brigade-Second and Eighth South Carolina Volunteers-and Kemper's battery took a distinguished part in the battle. The remainder-Third (Williams'), Seventh (Bacon's) South Carolina Volunteers, Eleventh (Kirkland's) North Carolina Regiment, six companies of the Eighth Louisiana Volunteers, Shields' battery, and one section of Walton's battery, under Lieutenant Garnett-whether in holding their post or taking up the pursuit, officers and men discharged their duty with credit and promise.

Longstreet's brigade, pursuant to orders prescribing his part of the operations of the center and right wing, was thrown across Bull Run early in the morning, and under a severe fire of artillery was skillfully disposed for the assault of the enemy's batteries in that quarter, but was withdrawn subsequently, in consequence of the change of plan already mentioned and explained. The troops of this brigade were-First (Major Skinner), Eleventh (Garland's), Twenty-fourth (Lieutenant-Colonel Hairston), Seventeenth (Corse's) Virginia Regiments; Fifth North Carolina (Lieutenant-Colonel Jones), and Whitehead's company Virginia Cavalry. Throughout the day these troops evinced the most soldierly spirit.

After the rout, having been ordered by General Johnston in the direction of Centreville in pursuit, these brigades advanced nearly to that place, when, night and darkness intervening, General Bonham thought it proper to direct his own brigade and that of General Longstreet back to Bull Run.

General D. R. Jones early in the day crossing Bull Run with his brigade, pursuant to orders indicating his part in the projected attack by our right wing and center on the enemy at Centreville, took up a position on the Union Mills and Centreville road more than a mile in advance of the run. Ordered back, in consequence of the miscarriage of the orders to General Ewell, the retrograde movement was necessarily made under a sharp fire of artillery.

At non this brigade, in obedience to new instructions, was again thrown across Bull Run to make demonstration. Unsupported by other troops, the advance was gallantly made until within musket range of the enemy's force-Colonel Davies' brigade, in position near Rocky Run-and under the concentrated fire of their artillery. In this affair the Fifth, (Jenkins') South Carolina and Captain Fontaine's company of the Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment are mentioned by General Jones as having shown conspicuous gallantry, coolness, and discipline under a combined fire of infantry and artillery. Not only did the return fire of the brigade drive to cover the enemy's infantry, but the movement unquestionably spread through the enemy's ranks a sense of insecurity and danger from an attack by that route on their rear at Centreville, which served to augment the extraordinary panic which we know disbanded the entire Federal Army of the time. This is evident from the fact that Colonel Davis, the immediate adversary's commander, in his official report, was induced to magnify one small company of our cavalry which accompanied the brigade into a force of 2,000 men, and Colonel

