
and developed, by discussion on the subject and the reports of the enemy then being published, which enabled me to-furnish,not only the report, but the history of that battle, accompanied by a full set of drawings, showing the position of the contending forces during four periods of that grand dram.

I am led to infer also that the strategic portion of the reports in an obstacle to its publication. Should that be the case, I have to request that it may be separated into two parts, to obviate the difficulty referred to; but I do not Wish it understood, however, taht I ask the publication of any part of it, leaving that entirely to the judgment of the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

P. S.-What can be the matter with the mails? My letters are often from five to six days getting here from Richmond.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OR THE POTOMAC,July 16, 1861.

Brigadier-General BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

SIR: In obedience to your order, I proceeded of Sunday last, 14th instant, to Richmond, with the purpose of laying before the President for his consideration your views and plans for the combined operation of the two armies under the command of General Joseph E. Johnston and yourself, respective. I arrived in Richmond at 3.30 on the same day i left your quarters, and without delay reported to the President, who, although sick in bed, received me with great kindness and cordiality. After stating to him the object of my visit, he appointed an hour to meet him with General R. E. Lee, and Adjutant and Inspector General Cooper. At the appointed time the President, Generals Lee and Cooper, and Colonel Preston, of your staff, met me in private confederence. Being requested by the President to lay before those present the subjectmatter with which I was charged, I submitted on your part the following propositions:

That the Confederate armies were in front of enemy with greatly inferior forces at all points; that it was desirable by uniting a portion of our forces to outnumber the enemy at some important point; that the point now occupied by you was at present in reference to the armies considered the most important. I stated also that the enemy were at present at or near Falls Church, with eight or ten thousand men, on the Alexandria, London and Hampries Railroad, and also with some portion of his force at Springfield, on the Alexandria and Orange Railroad, with every indication of a purpose to advance on both lines, and that it was most probable the enemy would theater our camp at Manassas with about ten thousand men, while main body, twenty thousand men, while the main body, twenty thousand or more, would advance towards Vienna, Frying Pan, and Pleasant Valley, to Hay Market, on the Manassas Gap Railroad, with a view to cut off our communication with General Johnston. To accomplish this, possession would be taken of passes of the Blue Ridge at Manassas, Ashy's, and Snicker's Gaps. He would then endeavor to cut off your communication with Richmond by the Alexandria and Orange

