
of ammunition (some of the guns having only a few rounds left in the boxes.) The order to limber to the rear was consequently given, and my battery, followed by the battery on my right, was removed to its first position upon the elevated ground near Lewis' farm house.

At about 1 o'clock, as nearly as I can now calculate, Lieutenant Squires was detailed with three 6-pounders, and took position near the road leading to the stone bridge from Lewis' farm house and directed against the enemy's artillery, which had now opened fire upon our position from the vicinity of stone bridge. This fire having been silenced by some guns of Colonel Pendleton and the guns of my battery under Lieutenant Squires, we discovered from the position on the hill the enemy in full retreats across the fields in range of my rifles guns. I opened fire upon their retreating columns, which was continued with admirable effect, scattering and causing them to speak over the fields in the greatest confusion, until I was ordered to discontinue by General Jackson, and save my ammunition for whatever occasion might now arise. Subsequently I was permitted by general Johnston to open fire again, which was now, after having obtained the range, like target practice, so exactly did each shot do its work; the enemy, by thousands, in the greatest disorder, at a double-quick, received our fire and fire from the Parrot guns of the battery alongside, dallying terrible destruction at every discharge.

This ended the battle of the 21st, the last gun having been fired from one of the rifles of my battery. The guns of this battery, under command of Captain Miller, with General Jones' brigade, and Lieutenant Garnett, with General Longstreet's brigade, were not engaged at their receive points, although under fire a portion of the day. The howitzer battery, under Lieutenant Commanding Rosser, with General Ewell's brigade was on the march from 2 o'clock p. m. in the direction of Fairfax Court-House, and returning by way of Union Mills Ford, arrived with the reserve at my position unfortunely lo late to take part in the engagement, notwithstanding the battery was moved at a trot and the cannoneers at a double-quick the entire distance from Union Mills Fors.

In this battle my los has been one killed, Sergeant J. D. Reynolds, Fourth Company; two wounded slightly, Corporal E. C. Payne, First Company, and Private George L. Crutcher, Fourth Company. There were three horses wounded, two belonging to the battery to the battery and one officer's horse.

I cannot conclude this official report without the expression of my grateful thanks to the officers and men under my command for their gallant behavior during the entire day. They fought like veterans, and no man hesitated in the performance of any duty, or in taking any position to which it was indicated they were required. In a word, I desire to say these men are entirely worthy of the noble State that has sent them forth to battle for the independence of the Confederate States.

To Lieutenant Squires, commanding, I desire especially to direct your attention. A young officer, the second time under fire (having been in the engagement of the 18th), he acted his part in a manner worthy of a true soldier and a brave man. He is an example rarely to be met. Lieutenants Richardson and Whittington, each with his battery in the engagement of the 18th, were in this battle, and bravely did their duty. Lieutenant Will Owen, adjutant, and Lieutenant James Dearing, Virginia forces, attached to this battalion, accompanied me. To them I am indebted for valuable service upon the field. Frequently were they order to

