
brought to my notice, but where the whole command have conducted themselves with courage, devotion, and spirit it would be unjust to particularize. So, too, incidents illustrating the gallantry and spirit of the whole regiment might to mentioned, but would swell this report to too.

Dr. Salmond, surgeon, and Dr. Nott, his assistant, were on the field, courageously devoting themselves to the wounded, and the chaplain, Rev. R. J. Meynardie, was assiduous in his attention to our unfortunate, comrades.

The regiment flag, gallantly borne by Sergeant Garden, was three times struck during the engagement, and one of the color guard was wounded. The flank of the Palmetto Guard, Captain Cuthbert, was struck four times, that of Captain Kennedy once, and Captain Wallace's once.

Among the trophies taken by my regiment was the flank of the First Regiment, Second Brigade, Fourth Division, of the State of Maine, with its round motto, "Dirigo," and a small Federal ensign.

I wound particularly mention the gallant conduct of the Rev. T. J. Arthur, whose rifle did good service, and that of Professor Venable, of South Carolina Collage, Captain F. W. McMaster, General Johnston Hagood, Colonel Allen J. Green, Major J. H. Felder, Mr. Edward Felder, and Mr. Oscar Lieber, citizens of South Carolina, who fought in the ranks of volunteers with distinguished bravery and efficiency.

Accompanying this report I have the honor to inclose a list of the casualties of the day in my regiment, with a statement of the number engaged.*

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. KERSHAW,

Colonel Second Regiment S. C. Volunteers, &amp;c.

Brigadier General M. L. BONHAM, Commanding First Brigade, &c.

CAMP NEAR FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, August 22, 1861.

GENERAL: If not improper, I would like to amend my official report of the battle of Manassas in the following respect:

In the paragraph where the names "Captains Wickham's and radford's" occur in parenthesis insert "Powell's and part of Captain Pitze's," so that the whole passage in the parenthesis will read thus:

"(Captains Wickham's, Randford's, Powell's, and part of Captain Pitzer's)."

Only yesterday I learned that Captain Powell's and part of Captain Pitzer's company participated in the charge upon the battery near the hospital north of Bull Run.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. KERNSHAW,

Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment S. C. Volunteers.

Brigadier General M. L. BONHAM, Commanding First Brigade, &c.

Numbers 89. Report of Colonel J. H. Williams, Third South Carolina Infantry.

VIENNA, VA., Camp Gregg, August 3, 1861.

I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 21st I was reminded of the presence of the enemy by his iron messengers, which fell

---------------

* Embodied in Numbers 121, post.

---------------

