
reaching Centreville, encamping in the forest immediately south west of the village. At 8 p. m. they were ordered to move again, and before 9 p. m. were en route for Vienna via Germantown. From bull Run to Centreville is about three a half miles; from Centreville to Germantown about six miles, and perhaps a little father from Germantown to Vienna. the Seventh Regiment reached Vienna about half hour of sunup in the morning of the 24th, where they are now encamped.

During the week, from the 17th instant to the 24th instant inclusive no accident occurred with the Seventh Regiment,not were any lines lost none of its members being missing up to date. Since the 17th instant the ranks of the Seventh Regiment have been considerably reduced by the prevalence of the measles; otherwise the general health of the regiment is good.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient, &amp;c.,

THOS. G. BACON,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Regiment S. C. Volunteers.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding First Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 91. Report of Colonel E. B. C. Cash, Eighth Second Carolina Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHT REGIMENT SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS.,Camp Victory, July 31, 1861.

In obedience to orders from the general commanding the First Brigade, Army of the Potomac, I beg leave to submit the following report of the operations of the Eighth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers during the 21st instant:

Early on Sunday morning, the 21st instant, heave cannonading and rapid discharges of musketry were heard about two lines to my left, and about 11 o'clock a. m. I received orders through Colonel Kershaw to move forward and engage the enemy. As soon as my regiment was put in mention the batteries of the enemy on the opposite side of the run were turned upon us, the balls striking very near my line, but doing no injury. The two regiments, proceeding rapidly to the scene of action, were formed in order of battle some two of three hundred yards from the ground which afterwards proved to be us the main point of battle. For a detailed account of this movement I ask to refer to the official report of Colonel Kershaw, the senior colonel in command.

My orders were to form on Colonel Kershaw's left. The greater portion of my regiment being at this time in a dense wood, and not receiving the order immediately, Colonel Kernshaw preceded me in the march and arrived a few minutes before upon the field of battle. Here he changed his front, placing his immediate command at right angles to my own. Advancing, I found a considerable force fronting my line and concealed by a rail fence. For a time we supposed them to be our fiends. Captain Pawley, of my staff, boldly moved forward with a view to ascertain the real character of those concealed. He had advanced some twenty paced when he was fired upon. Escaping uninjured, he immediately returned the fire, killing one of the enemy, as they now proved to be. I at once ordered the firing from my line to commence. After several well-directed volleys had been delivered the

