
my own feelings were I to institute any comparisons by individualizing any as particularly distinguished for meritorious conduct. i would mention as a fact worthy to be recorded that every member of the regimental color guard was wounded.

Annexed to this report is a list of the killed and wounded of my regiment.*

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

E. B. C. CASH,

Colonel Eight Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Brigadier General M. L. BONHAM.

Numbers 92. Report of Colonel R. C. W. Radford, Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Camp Vienna, August 1, 1861.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions from headquarters First Brigade, Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to report that the cavalry of First Brigade, under my command, was under the fire of the enemy's heavy guns on the morning of the 21st of July for several hours, and was compelled to change its position several times to avoid the fire. An order was received from General Beauregard about 11 o'clock a. m. to support the left wing to the Army of the Potomac at the stone bridge, which was the right wing of our force, when we were again under heavy fire of the enemy's guns. In advancing the cavalry was divided as follows; Under my own command I had at first but one squadron, composed of the companies of Captains Radford and Pitzer, the latter in charge of Lieutenant Breckinridge. I was joined by Captains Terry, Alexander, Wickham, and Powell with their companies, while moving towards stone bridge. the remaining companies were placed under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Munford.

While en route to my position I received an order from the commanding general to support General Jackson's right, and for several hours succeeding was under heavy fire from the enemy's cannon, throwing shell and rifled-cannon balls. As soon as it was discovered that the enemy were giving way I received a verbal order through Colonel Lay to charge upon them and cut off their retreat.

It affords me much pleasure at this point to have an opportunity of commending the gallant conduct the companies under my own command, who charged upon a battery, killing the horses attached to two pieces, taking between sixty and eighty prisoners, and the standard of Colonel Corcoran's Sixty-ninth New York regiment, and leaving forty two dead bodies of the enemy upon the field. I have no hesitation in saying that the charge made by my own command, in connection with that made by the command under Lieutenant-Colonel Munford, composed of Captains Payne, Ball, Langhorne, and Hale, caused the jam at cub Creek Bridge, which resulted in the capture of fourteen pieces of cannon, their ammunition and wagons, five forges, thirty wagons and ambulances, and some forty of fifty horses. I base this opinion on the fact that we were in advance of all our forces, and by our charge the

---------------

* The nominal list shows, killed, 5 privates; wounded, 3 commissioned officers, 4 non-commissioned officers, 16 privates; total killed, 5; total wounded, 23. Total killed and wounded, 28.

---------------

