
the turnpike, about two and a half miles from Centreville. We failed to overtake any enemy in the turnpike until we arrived on the hill about one mile south of Cub Creek Bridge, in time to open (with two of my guns) on the enemy's column, which was by this time partly in the turnpike. We also threw, with good effect, some spherical case into their baggage train, &amp;c., which had not emerged into the turnpike.

I was the remark that the first shot fired to rake the road was fired by the venerable Edmund Ruffin, and a prisoner subsequently stated that the effect was frightful. This maneuver resulted in the capture of many cannon, caissons, artillery horses, baggage wagons, an immense number of muskets, rifles, and accouterments, and many prisoners. In obedience to orders, Colonel Kershaw's command returned to stone bridge, where we arrived about 11 p. m., and thus, as far as we were concerned, closed this glorious day.

I desire, general, to call attention to the gallant bearing of Lieutenant Stewarts, Bayliss, and Smoot, of my company. Each of them through the engagements of Thursday and Sunday performed his whole duty with a degree of coolness and judgment worthy of all praise. The men of my company, with two exceptions, behaved like veterans.

The casualties of my command were: One killed, Private Richard Owens, killed by a musket bullet, and two wounded slightly; also one horses killed, two wounded, and one lost.

These details are respectfully submitted, general, by your obedient servant,

DEL. KEMPER,

Captain, Commanding Battery of Light Artillery from Alexandria, Va.

Brigadier-General BONHAM,

Commanding First Brigade, &c.

Numbers 95. Report of Brigadier General Richard S. Ewell, commanding Second Brigade, First Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Union Mills, July 24, 1861.

SIR: In conformity with Special Orders, Numbers 145, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to report that upon the morning of July 21, 1861, I first received orders to hold myself in readiness to advance at a moment's notice. I next received a copy of an order sent to General Jones and furnished me by him, in which it was stated I had been ordered at once to proceed to his support.

I immediately commanded crossing my brigade oven Bull Run, but whilst so doing received an order to fall back to my former position, which I did, and a short time afterwards received another, brought by Colonel Terry, aide-de-camp, to cross again, proceed up the run, and attack a battery of the enemy upon its flank and rear, regulating my movements upon the brigades of General Jones and Longstreet. I again crossed the stream, and had proceed about a mile and a half in execution of the order when i was stopped by an order to march at once to stone bridge, following General Holmes' brigade. which had already been ordered to proceed to the point.

I deem it proper to state that the courier said he had been accom-

