
panied by an aide-de-camp whose horse had given out before reaching me. I countermarched and marched at once to headquarters in the field, remained in reserve at that point until ordered back to Union Mills, which I reached after a long and fatiguing march the same night.

My brigade consisted of Rodes' Fifth Alabama, Seibles' Sixth Alabama, Seymour's Sixth Louisiana, a battery under Captain Roses, the Washington Artillery, and four companies of cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Jenifer. The infantry would hardly have got back that night but for the excitement of hearing that the enemy were in possession of the ford. As connected with this, i send a report of a skirmish on the 17th, of Colonel Roades' regiment becoming engaged and checking the enemy, owing to the non-reception of the order to fall back on their appearance.*

Very respectfully,

E. S. EWELL,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 96. Report of Brigadier General David R. Jones, commanding Third Brigade, First Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near McLean's Ford, on Bull Run, July 23, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with orders from headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following statement of the operations of my brigade on the day of the 21st instant:

At 7.10 a. m. the following order was received, viz:

JULY 21, 1861.

Brigadier General D. R. JONES,

Commanding Third Brigade:

GENERAL: General Ewell has been ordered to take the offensive upon Centreville.

You will follow the movement at once by attacking him in your front.

Respectfully,

T. G. BEAUREGARG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

I immediately placed my brigade in readiness to advance, and dispatched a messenger to communicate with General Ewell, whose movement I was to follow. No receiving a prompt reply, I crossed McLean's Ford and took position with my artillery in battery on the Union Mills road, near the farm of Mr. E. W. Kincheloe and abreast of Grigsby's, which the enemy held with a strong force of artillery, infant, and cavalry. I here awaited the advance of General Ewell for about two hours and a halt, at the end of which time I received a somewhat discretionary order, through Captain Ferguson, aide-de-camp, and a few minutes after the following order, through Colonel Chisolm, aide-de-camp, to return to my former position, viz:

10.30 A. M.

General JONES:

On account of the difficulties in our front it is through preferable to countermand the advance of the right wing. Resume your formed position.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Numbers 74, p. 459.

---------------

