
nio favoring demonstration from Blackburn's Ford, it retired well formed and in good order from the field.

Although the main object of our attack-the possession of the battery-was not attained, the effect of our operations, I am glad to believe, was note the less important in working out the grand issues of the day. The enemy left in panic the strong position from which he completely command several fords of Bull Run and the adjacent country for miles around.

My men behaved well in making advance, considering the great difficulties of the ground and the terrible nature of the fire, as the following statement will show: Fifth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, 3 killed, 23 wounded; Seventh Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, 9 killed, 29 wounded. Total, 14 killed, 62 wounded.

In affords me much pleasure to express the confidence with which the conduct of Captain Miller and Lieutenant Norcom, of the artillery, and Camp. J. W. Flood, of the cavalry, attached to my command, inspired me. I only regret that the circumstances of my position pre vented me from deriving the full benefit of the assistance they were so ready and eager to give. Too much cannot be said in praise of the gallantry displayed by Colonel Jenkins and his regiment of South Carolinians. The daring advance in line, the unwavering determination and coolness with he held his command in position after it was completely isolated, and the ready tack with he advanced his right flank and scatted the foe, will challenge companion, I venture to say, with any of the many exhibitions of gallantry that graced the signal victory of the day. To Captain Fontine, Company H, Eighteenth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, much praise is also due for the manner in which he kept his company in hand. Not only did he resist the backward pressure of the other companies of his regiment, but he gallantry maintained his ground in rear of the Fifth Regiment, and with in retired from the field.

For more detailed reports I beg leave to refer you to the accompanying reports of colonels commanding of this brigade.

To the following-named gentleman: Lieutenant F. G. Latham, acting assistant adjutant-general, Capts. A. Coward, j. W. Ford, E. Taylor, J. R. Curell, and Lieutenant O. K. McLemore, members of my staff, I am indebted for valuable assistance, and I am under especial obligations to Mr. E. W. Kincheloe, whose services as messenger, scout, and guide were truly valuable to me personally, as well as the cause in which we are engaged I take pleasure also in acknowledging the valuable assistance of Colonel White and Mr. Davis, both independent volunteers, accompanying the Mississippi Volunteers under my command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. R. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 97. Report of Colonel W. S. Featherson, Seventeenth Mississippi Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS CAMP PETTUS, July 24, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to the order of General D. R. Jones, I beg leave to submit the following report of the action taken by the Seventeenth

