
it in advance of mine, and the march towards Centrewille was continued about a mile farther. Night coming on, the general deemed advisable to halt. After lying in this position about an hour the general directed that the troops should be marched back to Bull Run for water.

Early next day I sent Colonel Terry forward, under the protection of Captain Whitehead's troop, to pick up stragglers, ordnance, ordnance stores, and other property that had been abandoned by the enemy. I have been too much occupied to get the names or the number of prisoners. As I had no means of taking car of them, I at once sent them to headquarters. Colonel Terry captured the Federal flag said to have been made, in anticipation of victory, to be hosted over our position Manassas. He also shot from the cupola of the court-house at Fairfax the Federal flag left there. These were also duly forward to the commanding general.

About noon of the 22nd Colonel Garland was ordered with his regiment to the late battle-ground to collect and preserve the property, &amp;c., that had been abandoned in that direction. Colonel Garland's report and inventory of other property and stores brought in to headquarters and listed by Captain Sorrel, of my staff, and the regimental reports of killed and wounded are herewith inclosed.*

My command, although not actively engaged against the enemy, was under the fire of his artillery for nine hours during the day. The officers and men exhibited great colones and patience during the time.

The our kind and efficient medical officers, Surgeons Cullen, Thornhill, and Lewis, Assistant Surgeon Maury, Chalmers, and Snowden, we owe many thanks. Lieutenant F. S. Armistead, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant P. T. Manning were very active zealous.

Volunteer Staff.- Colonel Riddick, assistant adjutant-general, North Carolina, was of great assistance in conveying orders, assisting in the distribution of troops, and infusing proper spirit among them. Cols. b. F. Terry and T. Lubbock were very active and energetic. When unoccupied, they repeatedly volunteered their services to make reconnaissances. They were very gallantry second by Capts. t. George and Chichester who were also very useful in conveying orders. Captain T. Walton and C. M. Thompson were very active and prompt in the discharge of their duties. captain Sorrel joined me as volunteer aide in the midst of the fight. He came into the battle as gaily as a bean, and seemed to receive orders which threw him into more exposed positions with peculiar delight.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 101. Report of Colonel M. D. Course, Seventeenth Virginia Infantry.

BLACKBURN'S FORD, ON BULL RUN, July 22, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the movements of the Seventeenth Regiment of Virginia Volunteers on Sunday, the 21st instant:

Shortly after daybreak Company H, Captain Herbert, was ordered to cross the ford as skirmishers. Soon after this movement the enemy, about twenty minutes to 7 o'clock a. m., opened on our camp with shell and round shot. Captain Herbert remained in view of the enemy on the opposite bank for several hours exposed to this fire, and during that

---------------

* Not found, but see pp. 570, 571.

---------------

