
time successfully repelled a body of skirmishers deployed against him. At the several points observed by Captain Herbert there were posted two batteries and a large reserve of infantry to sustain them. During the morning the regiment was ordered to cross the ford, which order was promptly executed by officers and men, and the regiment formed in column at the head of the ravine, on the enemy's bank, near their batteries. Shot and shell were incessantly poured over their heads, but without any damage, and regiments under order retired to their original position.

The only loss sustained was by Company H-one killed and three wounded. Officers and men displayed a good deal of coolness and bravery.

I here, general, the honor to be, your obedient servant,

M. D. CORSE,

Colonel, Commanding Seventeenth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

Brigadier-General LONGSTREET,

Commanding Fourth Brigade, C. S. Army.

Numbers 102. Report of Colonel Eppa Hunton, Eighth Virginia Infantry.

CAMP BERKELEY, NEAR BALL'S MILL, July 26, 1861.

COLONEL: On the 18th of July, by orders from headquarters, my command, took up its march from Leesburg to join your command, marching eighteen miles that day and ten miles the next, reaching your headquarters about noon.

I was ordered by you to form in line of battle in front of your headquarters, where we remained till the morning of the glorious and ever memorable 21st. Early that morning my command by your orders was put in mention, and changing its position several times was ordered behind the woods near to and northwest from your headquarters, to act as a support to other forces more in advance. You directed me to hold this position, and I remained in it for several hours, exposed to the fire of one of the batteries of the enemy, which my men stood with much intrepidity, shot falling sometimes within a few feet of their line and passing over their heads.

Later in the day, about two hours, by order of General Beauregard, I took my command into the conflict and formed in line of battle behind a wood northeast of Mrs. henry's house, through which the enemy was said to be advancing in large force. At that moment a portion of our troops were retreating in great confusion, and the general commanding directed me to hold my line firm and assist in rallying the retreating forces behind. This being done, the Eighth Regiment charged with great spirit the woods, driving the approaching enemy back in disorder. I was then ordered to the fight around Mrs. Henry's house where the Eight made a most gallant and impetuous charge, routing the enemy, and losing in killed, wounded, and missing thirty-three soldiers. I them drew the men back to a ravine on the east side of the house, to shelter them random shots, when I was ordered to take a position near our first, to meet what was then supposed to be an advancing column of the enemy, when it was found to be a retreat. I was ordered immediately to Camp Pickens, which was reached at a late hour of the night.

I cannon speak in too high terms of the intrepidity of the men under

35 R R-VOL II

