
MAY 31-June 1, 1861, - Attack on Aquia Creek batteries, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel Daniel Ruggles, commanding Department of Fredericksburg.

Numbers 2.- Colonel William B. Bate, commanding Walker's Legion.

Numbers 3.- M. W. Cluskey.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel Daniel Ruggless, commanding Department of Fredericksburg.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FREDERICKSBURG.

Fredericksburg, Va., May 30 [?], 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that two small steamers of the enemy attacked the Aquia Creek Railroad battery last evening about sunset, and fired some fourteen shot and shell. Our battery returned the fire with twelve shot and shell. The contest terminated about 9 o'clock when the enemy departed. One man was slightly wounded in the hand by the fragments of a shell. I prepared to cover our front which my whole force, comprising the Tennessee Regiment and a battalion of volunteers, assembled at Camp Merces, and proceeded, with some seven hundred men, to the point attack, having attacked, having view sending back the train for the remaining five hundred. The conflict having terminated before we reached the scene of action, I returned with the forces above specified, reaching this town about 5 a. m. The spirit and conduct of the troops have been admirable in connection with this little affair. Much agitation prevails along the Potomac coast from apprehension that the enemy will land, in large and small numbers, to devastate and plunder. I respectfully recommend that guns of heavy caliber be furnished (say 12s, 18s, and 32s), for use at various points on the coast for surprising and harassing the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,DANIEL RUGGLES,

Colonel, Provisional Army, Commanding Forces.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT, Adjutant-General Virginia Forces.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., June 1, 1861.

SIR: The report has arrived this moment that five of the enemy's steamers, with two transport ships, one of which is of considerable size had appeared off Aquia Creek battery, with the evident intention of attacking it. When the train left (11 a. m.) soon after, heavy firing was heard from that point. I am in want of at least one thousand well-disciplined volunteers as soon as it is possible to send them. Twenty thousand musket-rifle caps are absolutely necessary for the use of troops with percussion arms. I go to the battery at once. Communicate with Major Barton, acting assistant adjutant general, to this office.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Colonel, Provisional Army.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT, Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FREDERICKSBURG,Fredericksburg, Va., June 1, 1861.

SIR; The enemy attacked the naval battery at Aquia Creek yesterday about 10 a. m. The enemy had three war steamers and some small

