
tenant-Colonel Munford, of Radford's regiment, we were ordered to intercept and charge the retreating column of the enemy. This was done with spirit and alacrity by my command, and resulted in the capture of thirty-two prisoners, ten horses, three wagons, one wagon of ammunition, a large and valuable assortment of surgical instruments, thirty-six muskets, a number of pistols, all of which, with the exception of the pistols, one wagon, and two horses have been delivered to the proper authorities at Manassas.

My command lost two horses, and two men wounded from the accidental discharge of their own guns; also six shot-guns in the charge.

I hope some effort will be made to remount my men and supply those with arms who have lost them through an order given by the commander of the squadron when the charge was made.

Respectfully,

JOHN S. LANGHORNE,

Captain Company P, Radford's Regiment.

MEM.-As to the number killed by my command I decline speaking. I know it was very considerable.

J. S. L., Captain, &amp;c.

Colonel P. ST. GEORGE COCKE,

Commanding Fifth Brigade, Virginia Volunteers.

Numbers 107. Report of Captain H. G. Latham, commanding section of artillery.

The first section of my battery had been stationed for some days before the 21st on a bluff bank of Bull Run a short distance, say one hundred yards, on the left of the ford. It was aided by the second section of Rogers' Loudoun Artillery, under Lieutenant Heaton. The second section of my battery, under Lieutenant Davidson, had been some days before detached and assigned to the command of Major (now Brigadier-General) Evans. About 10 o'clock on the morning of the 21st the enemy's skirmishers appeared, crossing the open ground in my front. Almost at the same time they brought a single piece of artillery to bear upon my position, and opened fire. I returned the fire from my half battery, and immediately another gun was added to the first and joined in the fire upon me. The fired shot, shell, and grape. After a short time, however,their guns ceased firing, one or more of their pieces having been disabled by our fire, and my half battery remained for some time inactive.

I subsequently moved my half battery to an eminence in the open field about six hundred yards east of the Lewis house, for the purpose of protecting the advance of Colonels Withers' and Preston's regiments. Here I was rejoined by the left section of my battery, under command of Lieutenant Davidson. I was ordered by Captain Harris, of the Engineers, to advance; was conducted by him across the field to a position on the ridge about four hundred yards north of the Lewis house, where I remained but a short time, until I was conducted by him across a ravine leading to the mouth of Young's Branch. I took position upon the ridge next beyond the ravine, being about three-quarters of a mile southwest of my first position, and about

------

yards east of the Henry house. Here I opened fire upon the re-enforcements of the enemy ap-

