
with carbines within hailing distance on Symmes' Point under cover-a masked battery-Saturday, night after the fight, thinking they would return to their same position next morning. That night we worded three hundred men all night to have two columbiads and this battery of Walker's in place, but the enemy, being so crippled, did not return.

The arrangement Sunday morning would have sunk their ships in an hour had they resumed their position. We are drilling daily, and almost hourly, and will look to you to give us a chance,

I want one-half hour's talk with you, and if you will telegraph General Holmes to send me individually to Richmond for a day I can get to go; otherwise I don't think the old Tycoon (Holmes) will let me, and I never disobey orders. you may be sure I will not leave when there is a prospect of a fight. Everything is peaceable now except the Pawnee, which still coils about our shore like a wounded viper. We have vedettes near here.

I get information from above and below this point for twenty miles every day through couriers, and can know when it is safe to leave for Richmond only a day.

Pardon the length of this free-and-easy letter. I know it is a trespass on your much-engaged time. Let me hear from you. Send the dispatch spoken of or write letter, and oblige.

WM. B. BATE.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War.

P. S.- I am expecting that field battery promised me at Montgomery I have a company preparing for it.

Numbers 3. Report of M. W. Cluskey.

AQUIA CREEK, June 1, 1861.

MY DEAR SIR: I had the pleasure of witnessing at this point to-day most of the engagement between one of our batteries and three Lincoln men-of-war, one of them supposed to be the Pawnee, the other the Anacostia, and the other unknown. Our forces acted manfully and suffered no injury, though some of the enemy's shot wa swell direct, and where it seemed providentially averted from doing mischief. The fight was a continuation of the one the day before. Our battery fired the first shot to-day, then all of its garrison mounted the fort and cheered in defiance of the enemy. The shot was promptly returned, and the enemy kept up a brisk cannonading, firing before the close, five hundred and ninety-two shots, comprised of shell and balls of the largest dimensions. The only damage to our side was the death of a chicken, though a stray ball killed a horse ont he opposite side of the creek. Our own battery fired but seventy- six shots, three of which are said to have been fired with effect. The firing ceased at 3 1/2 p. m., when a barge from the Pawnee went to the Maryland shore, and returning, the Anacostia proceeded up the river, supposed to be bound for Washington, for a fresh supply of ammunition.

One of the guns on our battery was under the command of one of the Walker Legion, Cadet Patton Robertson, of Nashville, who fired the rifled cannon with remarkable precision, and displayed, for a young man not yet age, the most dauntless and cool bravery. The big gun on the

