
troops marching to Washington. Baltimore seeks only to protect herself. Governor Hicks has gone to Annapolis, but I have telegraphed to him.

GEO. WM. BROWN,

Mayor of Baltimore.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., April 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

Will you give order to dispatch troops via Annapolis to-day from here to Havere de Grace by rail, thence by large iron ferry-boat? The Baltimore and Ohio Road decline to transport any more troops from the North. We think this decidedly best, and are joined in this opinion by General Patterson, General Cadwalader, and Governor Curtin.

M. LEFFERTS,

Colonel Seventh N. Y. S. M.

FORT McHENRY, April 20, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

I shall probably be attacked to-night, but believe I can hold the post.

JNO. C. ROBINSON,

Captain, Fifth Infantry.

BALTIMORE, Saturday, April 20, 1861-10 o'clock.

[General SCOTT:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: There has been no arrival from the North. Some one or more bridges have been destroyed; where it is not known; telegraph interrupted. Warford has sent by horses along the road to find where the trouble is; will send me and General Keim with his staff through by an express train, if locomotives are on the north side of the track.

This road must be under military control at once, and in charge of the Government. So must the road between here and Washington. This is absolutely indispensable. Our rapid communication with the North is otherwise cut off. Troops coming on your road could leave it about three miles from Baltimore, and by a march of five miles reach the Washington road some two and a half miles from the city on the Washington road. This would avoid the city. But the city must be under the Government control. You should not rely upon any sending dispatches. Trusty agents should keep you informed, and carry your directions. Depend upon it, a vigorous and efficient plan of action must be decided on and carried out, or we will have to give up the capital.

The communication with the South is perfect both by railroad and telegraph, and we must have the same, or we are gone. No arrivals from Philadelphia or New York, and no information. Rumor says the bridge across the Gunpowder is destroyed, and also a bridge some six or eight miles out of the city. The Northern Central should be the base of operations, and the communications by water be kept open. Havre

