
de Grace, it seems to me, is a point at which our Pennsylvania troops might concentrate with advantage, as from there they could reach here by water or Annapolis by rail. We could keep the railroad open easy from the east bank of the Susquehanna.

Let there be prompt action. Let the Government as soon as possible take possession of the railroad necessary to keep open communication with Washington. Take, if necessary, tow steamers here for transporting troops by water. A few thousand men with artillery on the high grounds about this city would secure it to us.

Yours, truly,

D. WILMOT.

SATURDAY, April 20, 1861-11 o'clock.

Have just heard that the bridges between Ashland and Cockeysville and two or three nearer towns are burned. Will advise the forces in Philadelphia and such as may be at Harrisburg to come upon this road as far as they can and protect the balance of the road, and protect while temporarily repairing the bridges, or so much as is necessary-the balance to come in force and well armed to within three miles of Baltimore and cross over to Washington, and if in our possession, as it should be, to proceed by rail to Washington; if not, to march by forced marches to Washington. Am about starting in carriages, and hope to get through without interruption to York, and there take express train to Harrisburg.

Yours,

D. WILMOT.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, April 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully suggest that a military force be established at Annapolis to protect the frigate Constitution and Government property there, which is now much exposed. Could not a portion of one of the regiments expected to land there to-day be detailed for that duty? The withdrawal of a considerable portion of the marines from this station for other duty leaves the navy-yard and Government property much exposed. I would therefore respectfully request that a military force be detailed to aid in guarding that point.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, April 20, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON, Philadelphia:

Send the troops now en route to this city by rail to Havre de Grace; thence by iron ferry-boat to Annapolis, as suggested by Colonel Lefferts. Report the time the troops may be expected at Annapolis. They should be prepared to march if cars cannot be provided.

Carry out vigorously the orders of the General-in-Chief to occupy the road to Baltimore.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

