
To the OFFICER [in command]:

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 21, 1861.

The President, with a desire to gratify the mayor of Baltimore, who fears that bloodshed would unnecessarily result from the passage through that city of the troops from Pennsylvania at this moment on the way, directs that they shall return to York, in Pennsylvania. This order refers to the troops now said to be at Cockeysville, Md., en route for this city. It will be obeyed by the officer in command, who will take care to leave force sufficient along the road to keep it safe from depredation of every kind and within his entire control.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ORDERS:] HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,

Washington, April 21, 1861.

It is understood that a body of volunteers approaching this city has reached Cockeysville or other points within seventeen or twenty miles by rail of Baltimore.

The obstructions in the railroad within Baltimore and its neighborhood, and still more the unhappy excitement temporarily existing in that city, have induced the President to direct that those volunteers return to Harrisburg, and take the route via Philadelphia and Wilmington to Perryville, on the Susquehanna: thence to embark in steamers for Annapolis, or to proceed down the Delaware and through the Chesepeake and Delaware Canal in sufficient tugs or other crafts to Annapolis, as Major-General Patterson may direct.

Major Belger, assistant quartermaster, will convey this written order to the commanders of the volunteers in question, and, if necessary, accompany them to Philadelphia and beyond, in order to facilitate the movement. He will also leave directions at Harrisburg to prevent other volunteers from approaching Washington through Baltimore until further orders.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, April 21, 1861.

Major J. A. HASKIN,

First Artillery, Commanding Fort Washington, Md.:

SIR: The steamer Monticello, from New York, is expected soon to arrive in the river, perhaps some time to-day, having supplies for this place, which will undoubtedly by seized if the boat is allowed to go to Alexandria. The General-in-Chief directs that you bring her to and keep her under the protection of the guns of your fort until a safe convoy can be provided.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 21, 1861.

Major J. A. HASKIN,

First Artillery, Commanding Fort Washington, Md.:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs that you bring to all vessels passing Fort Washington, and search them, to ascertain whether they have

