
prevented. I respectfully suggest that Lord Lyons be requested to act as mediator between the contending parties of our country.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. HICKS.

HAGERSTOWN, April 22, 1861.

Gov. T. H. HICKS, Annapolis:

Virginia troops searching houses in Maryland on Saturday near Harper's Ferry for arms. I appealed to General Harper, commander, to recall them, which he promised, if Northern troops are forbidden. What is to be done with Southern? What steps shall I take?

EDWARD M. MOBLEY,

Sheriff of Washington County.

OFF ANNAPOLIS, April 22, 1861.

His Excellency THOS. H. HICKS, Governor of Maryland:

In reply to the communication from you on the 21st I had the honor to inform you of the necessities of my command which drew me into the harbor of Annapolis.* My circumstances have not changed. To that communication I have received no reply. I cannot return, if I desire so to do, without being furnished with some necessary supplies, for all which the money will be paid. I desire of your excellency an immediate reply whether I have the permission of the State authorities of Maryland to land the men under my command, and of passing quickly through the State on my way to Washington, respecting private property, and paying for what I receive, and outraging the rights of none-a duty which I am bound to do in obedience to the requisitions of the President of the United States.

I have received some copies of an informal correspondence between the mayor of Baltimore and the president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and a copy of a note from your excellency, inclosing the same to Captain Blake, commandant of the Naval School.

These purport to show that instructions have been issued by the War Department as to the disposition of the U. S. militia, differing from what I had supposed to be my duty. If these instructions have been in fact issued, it would give me great pleasure to obey them. Have I your excellency's permission, in consideration of these exigencies of the case, to land my men, to supply their wants, and to relieve them from the extreme and unhealthy confinement a transport vessel not fitted to receive them? To convince your excellency of the good faith towards the authorities of the State of Maryland with which I am acting-and I am armed only against the disturbers of her peace and of the United States-I inclose a copy of an order issued to my command before I had the honor of receiving the copy of your communication through Captain Blake.

I trust your excellency will appreciate the necessities of my position, and give me an immediate reply, which I await with anxiety.

I would do myself the honor to have a personal interview with your excellency if you so desire.

I beg leave to call your excellency's attention to what I hope I may

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

