
new battery, which is garrisoned by the Carolina Greys, of our regiment, under command of Captain Hunt, was placed in position about 5 o'clock this afternoon, and will thunder in the anticipated engagement of to-morrow. another one for the same battery will be planted to-morrow. These guns are in the most splendid locality to command the river that could well be wished for.

To-morrow Captain Walker's command of rifled cannon will be at a prominent point of land at the month of the creek on the opposite side, which will bring him within a mile and a quarter for the location of the Lincoln vessels in the engagement of to-day. Pits will also be dug to-night at the same place for the use of two of the rifle companies of the Walker Legion. We are all the creek, though our encampment is four miles back.

The vindictiveness of the enemy is shown by the quickness with which they throw their shells at any body of men who may appear on the height to view the engagement. One of our companies was fired at with a shell the moment they emerged from the woods to obtain a more satisfactory view of the fight, which exploded over them, and miraculously scattered so as not to hurt one of the number.

Colonel Bate has been assigned the command of the brigade here, composed of his own regiment and the Virginia troops present, and is working with a zeal consistent with the energy and enthusiasm of his nature. I have written these lines thinking you would be gold to learn that the regiment which has appropriated your name as its designation is confided with the most important posts of duty in the engagement at this point and vicinity.

Your friend,

M. W. CLUSKEY.

Honorable Secretary L. P. WALKER.

JUNE 1, 1861.- Skirmish at Fairfax Court-House, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army, commanding Department North eastern Virginia.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Charles H. Tompkins, Second U. S. Cavalry,

Numbers 3.- General McDowell's indorsement on Lieutenant Tompkins' report.

Numbers 4.- Brigadier General M. L. Bonham, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Alexandria.

Numbers 5.- Lieutenant Colonel R. S. Ewell, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT N. E. VIRGINIA,Arlington, June 1, 1861-12 m.

SIR: The following feats have just been reported, to me by the orderly sergeant of Company B, Second Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Tompkins, the commanding officer being too unwell to report in person. It appears that Company B, Second Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Tompkins (aggregate about 75) left its camp about 10 1\2 last night on a scout, and reached Fairfaw Court-House about 3 a. m., where they found several hundred men stationed- Captain Ewell, late of the U. S. Dragoons, said to be in command. A skirmish took place, in which a

