
on Friday, the 26th instant, and Annapolis being the place in which, according to law, it must assemble, and having been credibly informed that you have taken military possession of the Annapolis and Elk Ridge Railroad, I deem it my duty to protest against this step, because, without at present assigning any other reason, I am informed that such occupancy of said road will prevent the members of the legislature from reaching this city.

Very respectfully, yours,

THOS. H. HICKS.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE MASS. VOL. MILITIA, Annapolis, Md., April 23, 1861.

To his Excellency THOS. H. HICKS,Governor of the State of Maryland:

I did myself the honor, in my communication of yesterday, wherein I asked permission to land the portion of the militia of the United States under my command, to state that they were armed only against the disturbers of the peace of the State of Maryland and of the United States.

I have understood, within the last hour, that some apprehensions were entertained of an insurrection of the negro population of this neighborhood. I am anxious to convince all classes of persons that the forces under my command are not here in any way to interfere with, or countenance any interference with, the laws of the State. I am therefore ready to co-operate with your excellency in suppressing, most promptly and effectively, any insurrection against the laws of Maryland.

I beg, therefore, that you announce publicly that any portion of the forces under my command is at your excellency's disposal to act immediately for the preservation and quietness of the peace of this community.

And I have the honor to be, your excellency's obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

General of the Third Brigade.

THIRD BRIGADE U. S. MILITIA, Annapolis, Md., April 23, 1861.

To his Excellency THOS. H. HICKS,

Governor of Maryland:

You are credibly informed that I have taken possession of the Annapolis and Elk Ridge Railroad. It might have escaped your notice, but at the official meeting between your excellency and the mayor of Annapolis and the authorities of the Government and myself it was expressly stated as the reason why I should not land that my troops could not pass the railroad because the company had taken up the rails, and they were private property. It is difficult to see how it could be that if my troops could not pass over the railroad one way, the members of the legislature could pass the other way. I have taken possession for the purpose of preventing the carrying out of the threats of the mob, as officially represented to me by the master of transportation of this city, "that if my troops passed over the railroad the railroad should be destroyed."

If the government of the State had taken possession of the railroad in any emergency, I should have long waited before I entered upon it.

38 R R-VOL II

