
But, as I had the honor to inform your excellency in regard to the insurrection against the laws of Maryland, I am here armed to maintain those laws, if your excellency desires, and the peace of the United States, against all disorderly persons whatever. I am endeavoring to save, and not to destroy; to obtain means of transportation, so I can vacate the capital prior to the sitting of the legislature, and not be under the painful necessity of occupying your beatiful city while the legislature is in session.

I have the honor to be, your excellency's obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER, Brigadier-General.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Annapolis, April 23, 1861.

To Brigadier General B. F. BUTLER:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this morning, tendering the force under your command to aid in suppressing a rumored insurrection of the slaves in this county.

I thank you most sincerely for the tender of your men, but I had, before the receipt of your letter, directed the sheriff of the county to act in the matter, and am confident that the citizens of the county are fully able to suppress any insurrection of our slave population.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. HICKS.

HDQRS. MILITARY DEPARTMENT WASHINGTON, Philadelphia, April 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 21st instant,* and to thank you for the suggestions, which have had my most cordial consideration. I adhere, however, to the opinion, heretofore expressed to the General-in-Chief, as to the line which could be most readily kept open with our present force, and hope that the Government has seized the railway between Annapolis and Washington, with its rolling stock.

I trust that there are small war steamers in the Chesapeake in sufficient numbers to protect our transports and capture or destroy all armed vessels of the insurgents. Information has reached me from a source which, though not entirely reliable, entitles it to consideration, that they have a steam-tug in the Chesapeake, armed with a single rifled cannon, for the purpose of sinking our transports. She should be overhauled if possible, and no vessel should be permitted to enter or leave the harbor of Baltimore while the people of that city continue to defy the authority of the General Government.

I have furnished four hundred muskets to the mayor of Wilmington, eighty of which have been used to arm Du Pont's workmen, embodied for the defense of the mills, and the residue appropriated to the organized volunteers of the city, whose loyalty is vouched for by the mayor.

The inclosed statement is obtained from a refugee from Norfolk, whose face and conduct indicate integrity of purpose, and who is evidently familiar with all the localities. I venture to suggest that you bring the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

