
of transit for everything that could be offered. The War Department should at once destroy, if it has not already done so, the bridges on the main stem of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad as high up as Harper's Ferry.

There is now a large field for vigorous operations in the vicinity of Washington, without troubling Charleston until frost. Maryland should feel the power of the General Government in a manner that will here-after keep her quiet, if it does not make her loyal.

After the excitement in Baltimore on Friday last, I saw at once that the only inland route to Washington was via Annapolis or some point below that place as near to Washington, and did not hesitate to make every preparation to send all the Pennsylvania troops and those from the East over it. The movement down the Northern Central, it seemed to me, could not be more easily effected than through Baltimore, via Havre de Grace. To complete the route, military possession of the Annapolis road should be taken atone. There must be ample force at Annapolis by this time for this object, supported by a respectable artillery force.

If your are in want of railway men to control the road, or locomotives or cars to work it, they can immediately be sent down from here, with competent and loyal engine men. We are in for a fight now, and what we do should be done so as to make an impression over the whole country, sticking terror into the malcontents.

Yours, truly,

J. EDGAR THOMSON,

President Pennsylvania Central Railroad.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, April 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: On a verbal requisition of Commodore John A. Dahlgren, I would respectfully request that at least a battalion of reliable troops be ordered at once for the protection of the navy-yard.

Commodore Dahlgren deems this precaution absolutely necessary for the preservation of the Government property, and I would express my urgent concurrence, and that there should be no delay.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Indorsements.]

APRIL 23, 1861-10.30 p. m.

The request of the Secretary of the Navy is respectfully referred to Lieutenant-General Scott.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

APRIL 23, 1861-11 p. m.

Colonel Stone directed to send two companies to the navy-yard.

T. TALBOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

