
WASHINGTON, April 24, 1861.

General PATTERSON, &amp;c.:

DEAR GENERAL: I have only a moment to say the troops have not got round from Annapolis. Butler says he will be here to-day. The New York Seventh decline coming on some punctilio, as I am informed.

There must be no delay in sending the Philadelphia troops by that route, so as to command the road at once. Those coming from the West should, in my opinion, be concentrated on the Northern Central Railroad near Baltimore, so as to force our way through the city if they continue to harass our troops coming round it. The fine counties of York, Lancaster, &c., will furnish supplies, and the march across to the waters of the Potomac is good. These are at present only suggestions, but I beg for them your examination and reflection.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

P., W. & B. R. R. Co., Philadelphia, April 24, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

DEAR SIR: Mr. Thomson, Mr. Sanford, and myself organized a plan to supply Washington with troops and provisions, &c., by way of Annapolis. A part of this plan was for Fort McHenry to allow no hostile force to leave Baltimore to seize transports. This we have not effected, of course, as we had no means to do it. We want command of the railroad from Washington to Annapolis and of the telegraph. This, of course, the Government must effect. The rest we can do, and are doing as rapidly as we can. We have assumed great responsibility, both pecuniarily and otherwise, but no good man ought in these times to shrink from any amount of responsibility within his reach. It is a question between government or anarchy, and who can hesitate?

Yours, truly,

S. M. FELTON.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Annapolis, April 24, 1861.

To Brigadier General B. F. BUTLER:

SIR: A dispatch signed by you, addressed to Gov. A. [G.] Curtin [following], has been received by me, with a verbal request that I countersign it and have it forwarded to its address.

In reference to the arsenal at Pikesville, I have no official information. I do not know who is now in possession of it. I am cut off from all communication with other parts of the State, and have no means to forward your dispatch, if I were willing to countersign it.

I am compelled, therefore, to decline to accede to your request.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. HICKS.

