
places, but now repaired. The New York Seventh Regiment got over it yesterday, and is here to-day. The people all along the route are quite hostile, and the road is in danger of being broken up everywhere and at any moment.

I have just instructed Brigadier-General Butler to hold the command of Annapolis, and to string one of the regiments along the railroad from that city towards Washington for its protection. Road wagons cannot be hired or impressed for the transportation of baggage for any part of the route. Instructions have been given for making camp equipage and accouterments as fast as possible in Boston, New York, and Philadelphia. We are destitute of those supplied here, but have arms.

I wish no troops to be sent hither deficient in essential equipments.

Sherman's battery, and a company of foot artillery with it, are needed here. If they can be spared from Perryville (and I think they may), send them to me. I wish Major W. W. Morris to take command of Fort McHenry. Perhaps he can only reach the fort by water.

Surgeon Tripler, from Newport, Ky., has been ordered to join you.

Assume command of Major F. J. Porter, assistant adjutant-general, sent hence to Harrisburg on duty, as you were informed at the time.

Yours, very respectfully,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

OFFICE PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD COMPANY,

Philadelphia, April 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War, United States:

DEAR SIR: Matters are progressing here satisfactorily. We have ample provisions to transport ten thousand men daily from here to Annapolis, and I should recommend that no more be sent from New York or the East via the ocean.

Any amount of provisions can be placed in Annapolis at very short notice as soon as you direct that it shall be done. Having taken the responsibility of establishing the route via Annapolis, and placing upon it the necessary transports, I should be glad if you would, to enable me to have all the accounts properly presented in accordance with the customs of your Department, send to my agent, R. F. Loper, esq., a commission to act as United States transport agent between Philadelphia and Annapolis, the commission to date from April 18, 1861. Captain Loper acted in this capacity during the Mexican war, and understands all the routine that the Government requires in such service.

The Philadelphia regiments have not yet gone forward, but I am glad to say that General Patterson is using his best exertions to have them properly equipped, and will dispatch them as speedily as he can. I seems that we have been woefully deficient in arms and ammunition in this city. I trust the difficulty will be remedied before it is too late for our city troops to assist in the defense of the capital.

Yours, very truly,

J. EDGAR THOMSON.

WASHINGTON, April 26, 1861.

[Brigadier General B. F. BUTLER:]

The undersigned, General-in-Chief of the Army, has received from the President of the United States the following instructions respecting the legislature of Maryland, now about to assemble at Annapolis, viz:

