
pressed with the importance of the point, I have ordered an increased force from the same regiment, so that the detachment is now two hundred men, and have furnished them with signal-rockets, so that in case of attack we can immediately re-enforce them from the academy. I have directed Lieutenant Luce, acting quartermaster here, to organize a flotilla of boats so that we can send re-enforcements at once.

We believe that we have entire command of the Bay through the means of the iron steamers Maryland, mounting four 32-pounders, commanded by Captain Steadman, and the Philadelphia ice-boat, which had been put in the service of the United States, free of expense, by the city of Philadelphia, commanded by Captain Chisson [?], of the Navy, which also mounts four guns.

My attention was next drawn to the rear of the town. The conformation of the ground there is peculiar, as will be seen from an examination of the maps. A creek runs up on each side of the point of land on which the town and the academy are situated, too broad and too deep to allow the passage of any considerable force, and in the rear of the town they approach each other within the space of less than two-thirds of a mile. Nearly in the center of this space runs the high road, and a little to the right of that the railway. The land is high, and presents natural means for a defense. I have caused Professor Lockwood to mark out a line of entrenchment there, and unless I am directed to the contrary, I shall proceed to throw up a field work to protect the rear of the town. I have detailed for the permanent occupation of this place the Third Battalion of Rifles, of Massachusetts, Major Devens, 246 men; the Sixth New York Regiment, Colonel Pinckney, 500 men; the Boston Light Battery, six pieces, Major Cook, 100 men; and I propose to add to them the Thirteenth New York Regiment, Colonel Smith, about 500 men; making in all 1,300 men. I believe that I have thus stated the effective strength, and with this, unless better instructed when my entrenchments are complete, I think I shall be able to hold the city, especially as I shall be aided from time to time by troops arriving and necessarily delaying here. There is a distance of about a mile between the present railway depot and the wharf at the Naval Academy at the deepest water. I have caused Lieutenant Hoopkins, assistant professor of engineering, and well experienced in the matter of railroads, to make a survey for a line of railroad, and find it an easy and practicable route from the depot to the wharf. I have also sent to Philadelphia for rails, cars, and workmen, with which to build the roads between Annapolis and the Junction, and I doubt not, if my acts are approved at headquarters, to be able to make a railroad communication without other carriage between tidewater at Annapolis and the capital within five days.

Acting according to your letters of instruction, I have sent forward the Sixty-ninth Regiment of New York, Colonel Corcoran, with directions to occupy the railroad from a point near the depot in Annapolis to the Junction in the manner following: Three men are stationed together, each picket within sight of the other, and once in about a mile a squad of ten men, according to the nature of the ground and the proximity of bridges, culverts, and other valuable points, on which the pickets may rely. It is believed that this regiment, being about 1,100 strong, will be able to protect the road and the telegraph lines from further depredations.

In order to the operation of the telegraph, as there is no operator here who can be trusted, I have caused my command to be examined, and I believe I shall be able to find therein a competent operator as soon as the wires are put in order. I have also detailed Lieutenant Billings and a squad of twenty-five men to be stationed at a place called Patapsco

