
to be able to move on Baltimore with an effective force of six thousand men via York and six thousand via Have de Grace, and have sufficient to guard the road as they advance.

To effect this I request my requisitions may be filled as rapidly as forwarded, or the depot quartermaster here and the arsenal at Frankfort be directed to fill them direct from me. I will keep you informed of my progress and my probable advance in time for concerted action. I shall lose no time, but for success take care not to be too fast.

I have authority to draw good volunteers from this State, but I desire, if regular artillery companies are en route to Washington City, to obtain one to serve as artillery with the column from York.

The railroad companies here, and also via York to Baltimore, are now ready to repair their roads, but the troops cannot advance. As soon as the men are equipped they will be thrown to the front, and in a few days the lines will be in working order. Colonel Andrew Porter has gone to York to hasten the organization of that column.

Major Porter, governed by the prospect of being able to use for our purposes the bridges on the Baltimore and Ohio Road, deferred arranging for their destruction, and sent parties to examine the bridges and a portion of the road. He is informed that the large bridges are each guarded by about two hundred men, and so carefully that they cannot be injured. The road, however, will, under his plans, be rendered impassable for our opponents as soon as desired, and he will act when convinced that the present hopes of submission in Maryland prove delusive.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

PHILADELPHIA, May 1, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: You will have learned from others that General Patterson forbids the sale of passenger tickets by the military line. I have given Mr. Scott some reasons why I think he cannot work this line successfully for a passenger route. Mr. Felton tells me that he thinks he could now repair his road from Have de Grace to Baltimore in four or five days if you would protect it as the work progresses. As this work has to be done, would it not be well to have it done at once? General Patterson, I learn, thinks it would require one thousand men to protect it. In a few days I think a much less number would answer. He has the men, but needs arms and ammunition.

Looking at the large fleet of steamers at Annapolis and Have de Grace, with the confusion at the former place, I believe it would save the Government a large-a very large-amount to transport directly by rail from here to Washington. I presume there would now be no difficulty with the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company. Mr. Scott could soon ascertain this. by the time the road is repaired I think there will be no difficulty about going through Baltimore, but if there is to be, I know of no reason why that question cannot be settled as well now as at any time-perhaps the sooner the batter, and before an opposition can be organized or aid obtained elsewhere. Just now the North seems to be spoiling for a fight with Baltimore, and if there is to be one, I retreat the sooner it comes off the better, in my judgment. If you concur in

