
The administration cannot afford to temporize with Baltimore. They (the people of Baltimore and Maryland at large) must agree to restore the property they have destroyed, and make reparation for damages, before we can open communication by their city. They must also agree that the Federal Government shall have the absolute right to move troops through their city, or quarter them in it or any part of the State of maryland. Northern sentiment on this question is overwhelming and just in every respect. In a very few days Baltimore will be at work reconstructing the works destroyed by authority under color of mob violence. In the mean time see Felton, perfect the line via Annapolis, which will be useful in the future, even after route through Baltimore is opened. The large fleet of vessels should be dispensed with as rapidly as our wants for transportation will admit.

The transshipping arrangements at both points should be well looked after, and be in charge of men that are practical and accustomed to the business. Give your attention to everything in regard to vessels. See General Patterson in regard to powder. It should be purchased.

Yours, respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, May 3, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel SCOTT, Aide-de-Camp:

COLONEL: The General desires that the headquarters and five companies of the Third Infantry, now at Fort Hamilton, be sent to this city, as soon as they are equipped, by the route through Baltimore. They are to be filled up with recruits, and to bring their camp equipage with them; their arms, and the usual number of rounds of ammunition to be in serviceable order. The authorities of Baltimore, having proclaimed that the transit shall be open for troops to this place, have requested that the first body that comes through shall be headed by regulars. Please inform Major-General Patterson beforehand at Philadelphia when they will arrive there, and he will be instructed by the General in relation to forwarding them. The General wishes their movement to be hastened.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,E. D. TOWNSEND.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

May 3, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT, Commanding the U. S. Army:

SIR: Agreeable to the deliberations of last evening I now submit to you the following on the defenses of this city:

1st. On the side of the navy-yard and bounded by the Anacostia River, I have simply to say that with ample troops in the city at command there can be no difficulty in crowning the heights on the opposite shore, and affording a complete defense from an enemy approaching from that quarter to attack the city or the nary-yard.

2nd. That part of the city between the Anacostia River and the Potomac can readily be fortified at any time by a system of redoubts encircling the city. This is always in our power.

3rd. We now come to the city and Georgetown and arsenal, exposed

