
this protest more fully and occupy your time, I will only add, in corroboration of the above, that in one of my companies alone fifty-four muskets had to be repaired, perhaps at my own expense.

I am, general, yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. LEWIS, JR.,

Colonel First Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND REGIMENT INFANTRY,FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,

Philadelphia, Pa., May 4, 1861.

Major General GEORGE CADWALADER:

DEAR SIR: An examination of the muskets furnished to my command by gunsmiths and machinists has demonstrated that a great proportion of them are defective and wholly unfit for use. In tapping the nipples in they have not been inserted straight, and the iron forced around them split. They will not bear a pressure of air, which escapes around the nipple. Numbers of the locks are insecurely fastened, and many of the barrels have flaws and holes in them one-sixteenth of an inch deep. They are also filled in around the nipple with some soft metal. The number thus defective and useless are two hundred and forty-six. The balance are reported to be only in tolerable condition, and if taken apart and critically examined would no doubt be found to be unsafe and useless.

Very truly, yours,

P. LYLE, Colonel.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., May 5, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

A. A. G., Headquarters of the Army, Washington City:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this day, from the General-in-Chief, of his communication of the 4th instant, relating to the advance on Baltimore. My communication of yesterday, by Major Belger, and of the 3rd instant, by mail,* will show that no portion of this command is in a proper condition to take the field. Unless there is greater activity in the Quartermaster's and Ordnance Departments, I fear it can be moved only by consigning the cartridges to the pockets of the men and without cooking utensils. I cannot, at present, designate a day when the command can probably move, but I will inform you in time to prevent delaying the other columns.

I am informed that the portion of the Second Cavalry, which was to have marched ere this, under Major Thomas, is not to be put in motion till the other four companies are equipped and mounted. If such be the case, i request permission to use such portion as may be prepared to advance with the column from York.

I understand that the Northern Central Railroad have repaired a large portion of the road without interruption. It may be the design of the people of Maryland to offer no resistance in future, but, if peaceable, the command at Yorkshould not advance till better provided. I deeply regret the troops cannot advance as early as the General-in-Chief would desire and the interests of the country appear to demand.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

