
WASHINGTON, May 7, 1861.

Brigadier General B. F. BUTLER,

Or the Commanding Officer at Annapolis, Md.:

Send a steam propeller, armed if practicable, to Perryville, to receive Sherman's battery of light artillery and five companies of U. S. Third Infantry, supposed to be at Perryville, together with any well-equipped companies of volunteers to fill up the steamer. Land at the transportation depot of the and Ohio Railroad near Fort McHenry. Instruct the commanding officer on the Susquehanna River, Colonel Dare, to send troops provisioned to this city, and with orders that they come direct to this city. A steamer, in addition, will go from Baltimore to Perryville for the troops.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, May 7, 1861.

Brigadier General B. F. BUTLER, Commanding, &amp;c., Relay House:

GENERAL: The General-in-Chief directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant, and to say in reply that in regard to the arresting of persons who commit acts of hostility to the Government you are clothed with the same authority which has been conferred upon him, and he has confidence in your discreet exercise of it.

In relation to the surveillance of trains passing into Virginia, the General approves it, and only regrets the supplies contraband of war, entrenching tools included, were not detained.

An officer of Engineers has been ordered to report to you.

The General does not desire you to remain longer at the Relay House than you deem your presence there of importance.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 7, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON, U. S. A., Commanding, &c.:

SIR: An arrangement has been made with the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company by which Mr. Falls will send a steamer from Baltimore to Perryville this evening to receive troops at the latter place tomorrow morning, and bring them to Baltimore immediately to be loaded at the railroad transportation depot near Fort McHenry, and brought through that city to Washington.

The mayor and police of Baltimore will co-operate to prevent any disturbance. A transport is ordered from Annapolis to unite with the steamer in bringing troops. This or any other now at Perryville may be used. It is important that this movement be promptly executed, that the troops may arrive at Baltimore and come through by daylight. If no volunteers are at Perryville ready to come forward, send some companies to-day or to-night from Philadelphia, and if necessary to complete equipment use Frankford and Schuylkill Arsenals.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

P. S.-This is the opening of daily communication between Philadelphia and Washington for public travel, including U. S. troops.

