
PHILADELPHIA, PA., May 7, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

A. A. G., Hdqrs, of the Army, Washington City:

COLONEL: Since my letter (Numbers 2) of yesterday all hope has vanished of moving at an early day the Pennsylvania contingent in this vicinity. (See inclosures.) I did rely upon the Ohio volunteers to execute the movement upon Baltimore, but there is no force to sustain them, and their condition is no better than that of the Pennsylvania troops. I have suspended the order for transportation, and will renew it only when an efficient force can be raised to sustain the Third Infantry and battery. Third Infantry not yet heard from or of.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-The horses purchased for the wagon train here are ordered to Washington, and further purchases suspended by order from Washington.

[Inclosures.]

MAJOR: I have said what I could to deter the movement of this force. I now say what I cannot officially, that General Cadwalader says if this force is moved without being better equipped the officers will resign. The guns are horrible, and if a collision should arise the responsibility is fearful. The officers will not take it. I beg and implore that the order to advance on Baltimore will be suspended till General Patterson says move. We must be trusted and relied upon, and God knows neither of us will delay or hesitate to do what is right. The move towards Baltimore should not be made now; but if it be found that it can be done, at however much risk, it will be made.

Yours, truly,

F. J. PORTER.

PHILADELPHIA-10 p. m.

Since the packages were closed to you I have telegraphed for two Ohio regiments to come here, and shall send them with the force to move on Baltimore. I called them in the hope of striking and stirring up Pennsylvania pride. They (the Ohioans), under McCook, will go forward at all risks. When I wrote the letter of General Patterson to-day I was not aware of any hesitating disposition on the part of any one. I then spoke for him of the impropriety of moving unorganized troops. I forced the plan, and am resolved to carry it out of it be possible, and if General Cadwalader won't go, will try to push the affair through with those who are not so skirmish. It is true the arms are in a lamentable condition, and I fear to-day's rain will ruin the ammunition and drive out more patriotism.

If you will authorize General Patterson to exercise his discretion about moving the Pennsylvania troops, I think I can push the matter through anyhow. At all events, unless you get notice by to-morrow night's train from here that the movement should not take place, you may consider it going on, and that the command will be before Baltimore on Thursday afternoon. The great uncertainty attending these movements must not discourage you and the General. Volunteers have elements of great inconsistency to work upon, and I can say I never

