
Numbers 5. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel R. S. Ewell, C. S. Army.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., June 1, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report: Between 3 and 4 o'clock this morning the pickets on the Little Falls Church road gave an alarm, stating that the cavalry of the enemy had captured our advance pickets, and were rapidly approaching the town. This was immediately followed by the appearance of the enemy, and here rapid firing took place. They did not stop, but passed through towards Germantown. I found Captain Marr's company of Rifles (receiving valuable aid from his excellency Ex-Governor Smith), and took a position on the road by which the enemy had road by which the enemy had gone towards Germantown. In a few minutes the enemy returned, and firing took place on both sides, and the enemy fell back. Having reformed, the enemy again advanced, and more firing took place on both sides. They again retreated, and made their way thorough the fields, by pulling down the fences. Captain Harrison has been sent with this company, to intercept them, and Captain Wickham has been sent on their trail. Some prisoners and some horses have been taken; what number I do not know. Also several carbines and pistols have been picked up in the road. Captain Marr, of the Warrenton Rifles, had been found dead near his company's quarters, having been shot by a detachment of the enemy. I received a flesh wound in the shoulder form a bullet. Dr. Gunnell says that it will keep me from taking the saddle for several days. This is the result as far as known. I am having the roads patrolled. A United States saddle has just been brought in to me. The enemy were driven back twice by the Warrenton Rifles, who did good service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- A report has just been made me that two of the enemy have been dead on their trail.

JUNE 1, 1861.

SIR: Between 3 and 4 o'clock this morning the pickets on the Little Falls Church road gave the alarm, stating that the cavalry of the enemy had taken advanced pickets and were rapidly approaching the town. This was soon followed by their appearance, firing at the windows and doors of the hotel, were where no resistance or troops. They did not stop, but passed through toward Germantown. I formed Captain Marr's company of light infantry (receiving valuable aid from his excellency Ex- Governor Smith) and took a position on the road to intercept the enemy's return. They soon reappeared, forming in the street below the court-house, and, on the interchange of shots, they retreated up the line. In a few moments they formed a second time at the same spot, and, after firing on both sides, the enemy ran off ingloriously, pulling down fences, and making their escape thorough the flied by Flint Hill. I had ordered up a squadron from the station, which was sent in pursuit, but the enemy outmode it. They left no dead on the ground, but carbines, pistols, sabers, &amp;c., were lying around. I know of four horses left by them, two in the service of General Beauregard, one wounded and one unfit for use, being

