HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Philadelphia, Pa., May 11, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I forward for the information of the General-in-Chief, on a department return, a detailed statement of the regiments mustered into the service of the United States, which are or have been in the department, and the present condition of the equipments.* Eight regiments in excess in the Pennsylvania quota arises from troops having been mustered in at this place by authority and no attention taken of them at Harrisburg. I have urged and pressed the equipping of these regiments. The commander of Frankford Arsenal reports he cannot fill before the 25th instant the orders now in his possession for twelve regiments, three of which are at Chambersburg and three at York. No requisition for ordnance equipments for General Negley's command has been received, and Lieutenant Treadwell, the ordnance officer at the arsenal, is, by order from Washington, providing only for twelve thousand four hundred men, the Pennsylvania quota. I am aware that Maryland has been invaded from Virginia at Harper's Ferry, but in the present condition of my command am powerless.

I make the above statement that the General-in-Chief may not rely at present upon these regiments in his plan of attack upon Harper's Ferry. By Wednesday of the coming week one regiment at York and two in this city will be provided with accouterments. I request to be informed if troops from York are to march through or around Baltimore, and whether the regiments on that line are to be pushed to Washington. The railroad hence to Baltimore will be opened in a few days. I desire also to be informed if there is any abjection to using this route through Baltimore.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

PHILADELPHIA, May 13, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Washington:

DEAR SIR: I called to-day on Mr. Thomson, as requested, but did not see him, as he is at home sick.

I have discharged a large number of propellers, and will continue to rapidly reduce the number employed. I shall not, however, impair the efficiency of the route via Perryville and Annapolis until I receive further instructions. But as the route is now open between Philadelphia and Washington via Baltimore, and also between Harrisburg and Washington by the way of the Northern Central, i think the number of steamers plying between Perryville and Annapolis may be still further reduced, say to three or four, unless you wish to continue to make this line the chief route, about which I shall be glad to have your instructions.

I saw Mr. Garrett, president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, on Friday last. I am perfectly satisfied that he will now voluntarily and cheerfully make the road from Baltimore to Washington entirely subservient to the purposes of the Government. He thinks, and Mr. Felton concurs in the opinion, that the troops, &amp;c., can pass through

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

