
General Butler in the command of the Department of Annapolis, where-upon the brigadier will repair to Fort Monroe and assume the command of that important point.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,

Numbers 1. Baltimore, Md., May 15, 1861.

I. Brevet Major-General Cadwalader assumes command of the Department of Annapolis, and establishes his headquarters, until further orders, at Baltimore, Md.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Cadwalader:

THOS. H. NEILL,

Captain, Fifth Infantry, A. A. A. G.

WASHINGTON, May 16, 1861.

Bvt. Major General G. CADWALADER, U. S. A.,

Commanding Department of Annapolis, Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: I have already, by the direction of the General-in-Chief, addressed to you a letter and a telegram of yesterday's date, and have received your acknowledgment of the letter. Herewith you will receive a power to arrest persons under certain circumstances, and to hold them prisoners though they should be demanded by writs of habeas corpus.

This is a high and delicate trust, and, as you cannot fail to perceive, to be executed with judgment and discretion. Nevertheless, in times of civil strife, errors, if any, should be on the side of safety to the country. This is the language of the General-in-Chief himself, who desires an early report from you on the subject of the number of troops deemed necessary for your department.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The Lieutenant-General desires me to add that he has just been instructed by highest authority to cause Mr. Ross Winans, of Baltimore, now a military prisoner at Fort McHenry, to be liberated on condition of his written parole, to this effect: "I solemnly give my parole of honor that I will not openly or covertly commit any act of hostility against the Government of the United States pending existing troubles or hostilities between the said Government and the Southern seceded States, or any one of them."
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,Baltimore, May 16, 1861.

To Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have already written two letters to you to-day in reply to your two letters of yesterday's date,* and have since received your letter

---------------

*Only one letter found.

---------------

