
will receive these men I think the effect of offering them will be a happy one.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP SUSQUEHANNA,Perryville, Md., May 19, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that last evening signal rockets were reported in direction of Aberdeen. I immediately proceeded to Havre de Grace (Lieutenant-Colonel Birney being absent), and finding they were not according to code agreed upon, considered no re-enforcement necessary. I proceeded to Aberdeen to ascertain why the rockets had been fired, and at that post they were reported as having been seen in direction of Perrymansville. Taking a guard to that point, I found all quiet.

Information having been given in relation to Captain Benedict h. Dean, in command of Spesutia Rangers, William B. Michael, and Thomas Wilson, Captain Hoffman, of Company E, First Regiment P. C. G., arrested them; the first as in command of forces hostile to the United States, and the two latter-named gentlemen as being engaged in destruction of bridges. The arrests were made quietly, and every consideration shown to the gentlemen detained. They were taken to Perryville and lodged at my quarters.

From representations made by Captain Kean and by other parties, the Spesutia Rangers have not been engaged or intending to engage against the Government. His action in opposing the destruction of the bridges, as represented by credible parties, induced his release on parole of honor to appear if wanted. The others I believe to have been engaged in destruction of bridges, and that the evidence will be ample to sustain the fact. I am now detaining them until I receive instructions from headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. DARE,

Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,

Numbers 1. Fort Monroe, Va., May 22, 1861.

In compliance with instructions from the Lieutenant-General commanding the Army, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this department.

* * * * * * *

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,Baltimore, Md., May 22, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Your letter dated the 20th instant* came duly to hand.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

