
The copy of the power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus had been previously received with your letter of the 16th instant.

I have had such constant claims upon my time here in seizing arms and ammunition, and in arranging the details with the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company of the understanding in regard to goods passing over their railroad, that I have not been able to accomplish more than to keep up the necessary correspondence with the officers command in posts, and to give the necessary attention to the troops here preparatory to a visit to the different posts of the department, with a view to possess myself of its affairs, and to communicate such suggestions as may occur to me as proper in regard to the withdrawal of small outposts near Annapolis. There is a large quantity of powder of which I have information stored near this city, which I was about to seize to-day, but I am at a loss to know where to place it. The magazine at Fort McHenry is full, and I do not like to move it until it is decided where it is to go. I should like to have instructions upon this subject. There is a magazine belonging to the city in the northern part of the town where it could be stored, but it would require a strong guard, as it is so far from the other positions occupied by the troops.

I inclose a copy of instructions given by me to Colonel Jones, commanding officer at the Relay House, in relation to goods passing over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. On my return from Annapolis to the Relay House, if the General-in-Chief desires a personal interview, I could go over to Washington and return the same day; otherwise, I would communicate in writing what i may have to say.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, yours.

GEO. CADWALADER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

BALTIMORE, MD., May 22, 1861.

Colonel EDWARD F. JONES,

Commanding Massachusetts Sixth Reg't and Post at Relay House:

COLONEL: Until further orders you will pass over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad groceries, such as the, sugar, coffee, spices, and dry goods, &amp;c., except uniform clothing, and such goods, in quantities as could be used as clothing for troops. Goods in your judgment designated bona fide for country stores in the territory upon the lines of the road and its branches may be passed at your discretion.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

GEO. CADWALADER,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Philadelphia, May 22, 1861.

Colonel SAMUEL YOHE,

First Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Woodberry, Md.:

SIR: The unquiet state of the country and the point you now occupy in the vicinity of Baltimore and the road to Frederick, Md., makes your position of the highest importance in a civil as well as military point of view. The proper execution of your duties calls for great activity on your part, and watchfulness on the part of your command, that no aid or comfort goes to Harper's Ferry, or those arrayed in arms against the

