
United States, and also requires of you the exercise of sound judgment, that while securing the interests of the United States and the safety of your command, you do not unnecessarily trench upon the right of citizens.

The safety of the Northern Central Railroad is intrusted to you, but that is not all; you are to see to the quietude of the country adjacent your stations, and if at any time you know of armed bodies of men outside of Baltimore collected with hostile intent, and the force be not too strong to overcome and overawe with that at your disposal, you will arrest them, by surprise, if possible, and hold them subject to future orders. Men not known to be friendly, drilling at night, or secretly, must be looked upon with suspicion of hostile intent and treated accordingly; and also wagons with supplies of large amount leaving Baltimore at night, munitions, arms, Yc., not designed for the United States, should be seized and held till properly accounted for.

Over the road to Frederick a surveillance must be exercised, and so soon as there is ample force at your disposal it should be stationed on that road within your reach.

The city of Baltimore is within the command of Bvt. Major-General George Cadwalader, and you must be careful to avoid interfering with his prerogatives; but if through force of circumstances you should be forced suddenly to act within his limits, you will report your act to him and the reason therefor. Where time will permit, you will report irregularities to General Cadwalader for his action.

In addition to the above the commanding general desires me to say he wishes to hear from hour from time to time, as occasion may offer, in relation to the feeling of the people in your vicinity; the discipline of your command, and other matters you deem of interest and importance. The fact that everything is quiet is of importance to report.

You are also desired to maintain strict discipline, and to drill continuously; also to instruct your sentinels to permit no gatherings around them; to walk their post; talk to no one unnecessarily, and to be vigilant at all times. Tents for your regiment will soon be sent to you. I the mean time you will protect them from the weather by hiring such proper houses as may be in the immediate vicinity of the road.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-General Keim is ordered to relieve by others the companies of your regiment north of Gunpowder Bridge. You will then collect them and distribute them so as to re-enforce your post and have a disposable force.
HDQRS. PENNSYLVANIA MILITIA, QUARTERMASTER'S DEP'T.

Harrisburg, Pa., May 22, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER,Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

SIR: This morning in Philadelphia Major-General Patterson insisted on my delivering to the troops mustered into the service of the United States the accouterments I have had made for the militia of this State. I partly agreed to do so, but on my arrival here I find a letter from the Secretary of War, saying that arrangements had been made to supply from the U. S. arsenals all the accouterments necessary for the troops mustered into the service of the United States.

