
regiments from this arsenal. I will fill the requisitions in the order designated in your letter as rapidly as the stores are received.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. TREADWELL,

First Lieutenant of Ordnance.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,

Numbers 3. Baltimore, Md., May 23, 1861.

I. By order of the Secretary of War the military department called the Department of Annapolis includes the country for twenty miles on each side of the railroad from Annapolis to the city of Washington as far as Bladensburg, Maryland.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Cadwalader:

THOS. H. NEILL,

Captain, Fifth Infantry, A. A. A. G.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY,Washington, May 24, 1861.

General McCLELLAN, U. S. A., Cincinnati, Ohio:

We have certain intelligence that at least two companies of Virginia troops have reached Grafton, evidently with the purpose of overawing the friends of the Union in Western Virginia. Can you counteract the influence of that detachment? Act promptly, and Major Oakes, at Wheeling, may give you valuable assistance.

WINFIELD SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, May 24, 1861.

Lieutenant-General WINFIELD SCOTT:

I have the honor to report my arrival at this post Wednesday morning at 8 o'clock. I found that no troops had arrived except some recruits for the Third and Fourth Massachusetts Regiments of three-months' men and two detached companies of three-years' men which have been temporarily annexed to those regiments. This morning the Second New York Volunteers have reported themselves in good condition, numbering 782 men. These I have encamped on the farm of Mr. Segar, which is at the end of Mill Creek Bridge toward Hampton, and have also ordered into camp in connection with them the First Vermont Regiment (militia), Colonel Phelps. The force at this post may be stated thus: Colonel Dimick, commanding U. S. Regulars, 415 men; Third Regiment massachusetts Militia and one company three-years' men, 727 men; Fourth Massachusetts Militia and one company three-yars' men, 783 men; First Vermont Militia, 779 men; Second New York Volunteers, three years, 782 men. As there is very little sickness, the effective force will be probably 3,375 men. Of these, the New York and Vermont regiments only are furnished with camp equipage.

