
with being secessionists; that, coming themselves from so near their present station, they have stronger personal feelings in this matter and are more liable to be influenced by them than troops coming from a distance. The plea that a man is a secessionist is set up in some cases by persons depredating on property as a justification of their acts.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA,Arlington, May 30, 1861.

Mrs. R. E. LEE:

MADAM: Having been ordered by the Government to relieve Major-General Sandford in command of this department, I had the honor to receive this morning your letter of to-day, addressed to him at this place.

With respect to the occupation of Arlington by the United States troops, I beg to say it has been done by my predecessor with every regard to the preservation of the place. I am here temporarily in camp on the grounds, preferring this to sleeping in the house, under the circumstances which the painful state of the country places me with respect to its proprietors.

I assure you it has been and will be my earnest endeavor to have all things so ordered that on you return you will find things as little disturbed as possible. In this I have the hearty concurrence of the courteous, kind hearted gentleman in the immediate command of the troops quartered here, and who lives in the lower part of the house to insure its being respected.

Everything has been done as you desired with respect to your servants, and your wishes, as far as they are known or could be anticipated, have been complied with. When you desire to return, every facility will be given you for so doing.

I trust, madam, you will not consider it an intrusion if I say I have the most sincere sympathy for your distress, and that, as far as is compatible with my duty, I shall always be ready to do whatever may alleviate it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL.

P. S.-I am informed it was the order of the General-in-Chief, if the troops on coming here found the family in the house, that no one should enter it, but that a guard should be placed for its protection.

CINCINNATI, June 1, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

Road from Parkersburg to Grafton open. Move on Philippi and Beverly to-night to drive rebels entirely over the mountains.

Kanawha movement suspended for present in consequence of conference with Union men. I explain by mail.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

