
I received a detailed report of the condition of the Illinois troops to-day. With the exception of those at Cairo and Caseyville it was unsatisfactory. It would be well if efficient general officers could be promptly assigned to the troops of this department, as well as a greater number of adjutants-general, quartermasters, and commissaries. The absence of all military information in this region is very lamentable. It is a very rare thing to find any one who knows even the elements of squad drill.

The Michigan Battery will be here to-morrow. I have ordered it to Camp Dennison for the present, and will probably retain it there until it is ready for the field.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

Lieutenant-Colonel MARTIN,

Commanding Seventy-First Regiment New York, Navy Yard:

If you hear a battle at Alexandria proceed at once in the steamers with your whole force to that place.

MANSFIELD,

Brigadier-General, and Commandant.

WASHINGTON, June 1, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON, U. S. A., Philadelphia:

If Harper's Ferry be your first object, you may neglect, meanwhile, Cumberland and intermediate points. I can give you but one field battery. How many regiments have you? The river is fordable just above Williamsport. When ready to cross, I will make a demonstration beyond Alexandria. Report freely.

WINFIELD SCOTT.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Philadeplhia, Pa., June 1, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

SIR: I have the honor to state, for the information of the General-in-Chief, in reply to his telegram of this date, calling for a report of my intended operations, that, though looking to Cumberlans, my plans have been mainly directed to turning Harper's Ferry, throwing across the river near Williamsport ample force (with support following and threatening Shepherdstown) to push on and occupy Martinsburg, if I do not find the enemy too strong and moving to cut my line of march. His attitude and strength will then determine the course to be pursued, either to move direct upon him through Shepherdstown or to cut off his retreat along the Winchester Railroad and to harass his rear. I wish to place such a force on the Virginia shore as can hold every inch of ground gained, and, however slowly, to advance securely, after Harper's Ferry falls, upon Winchester.

The effective force now in Chambersburg is five companies of cavalry

42 R R - VOL II

