
Colonel F. W. Lander, volunteer aide-de-camp, rendered very valuable assistance in the movement from Parkersburg and in the attack on Phillippi, where he displayed marked gallantry, and captured the officer who shot Colonel Kelley.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT,

Commander-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General T. A. Morris, Indiana Militia.

Grafton, W. Va., June 7, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I arrived at Grafton on the on the evening of the 1st day of June, and found that Colonel Kelley, of the First Virginia Regiment, had organized an expedition for that night against the enemy at Phillippi. The available forces then at his command consisted of six companies of his own regiment and nine companies of the Ninth Indiana Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Milroy. After a full conference with Colonel Milroy. After a full conference with Colonel Kelley as to the position of the enemy, his strength, and the character of the approaches to his position, I deemed it advisable to postpone the attack until the succeeding night.

Having satisfied myself during the evening that we were in the midst of spies, who readily obtained every information in regard to our movements, I endeavored to arrange the expedition so as to give a false impression, and thereby secure the advantage of a surprise of the enemy.

With this view the following order was given to Colonel Kelley:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. VOLUNTEERS,Grafton, W. Va., June 2, 1861.

Colonel B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding First Regiment Virginia Volunteers:

COLONEL: With six companies of your, regiment nine companies of Colonel Milroy's Ninth Indiana, and six companies of Colonel Irvine's Sixteenth Ohio, you will proceed this morning to a point about six miles eastward from this place on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and march by the shortest and most practicable route towards Philippi. You must regulate your march according to your discretion, and your bivouac or rest at night in such manner that you are sure of coming before the town of Philippi as near 4 o'clock to-morrow morning as possible. Should you this evening receive certain information that the rebels have retreated eastward from Philippi you will make the resting time of your troops as short as possible, in order to follow them up with all the speed strength of your troops will allow. In such case you will as early as possible inform Colonel Dumont on the order bank of the river, and direct his co-operation whit you in the pursuit, which, if in your discretion you are in sufficient force, you will continue until they are beyond Beverly, and you will also apprise these headquarters, in order that supplies may be forwarded to you.

By command of Brigadier General T. A. Morris:

JOHN A. STEIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

This column (the left of the attack) moved by railroad train on the 2nd at 9 o'clock a. m. towards, and was generally understood to be an advance on, Harper's Ferry.

After leaving the cars the distance to Philippi was about twenty-five miles, on a road but little traveled. The instructions required a rapid

