
On Monday morning I hope to have about fourteen regiments in and in advance of Hagerstown. I asked this morning by telegraph for the Second Infantry, which newspaper report placed at Pittsburgh. My design was to unite it to a brigade of volunteers, to command of which Colonel Miles would be assigned, thus having two brigades under experienced officers of the Regular Army. The information I have received leads me to believe a desperate resistance will be offered at Harper's Ferry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

9 P. M.

P. S.-I have just received your telegram of this date, and shall await the receipt of instructions.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Chambersburg, Pa., June 4, 1861.

[Colonel TOWNSEND:]

COLONEL: The last paragraph in the general's letter [next preceding] refers to this, that at night the sound of the hammer is heard breaking stone on the Maryland Heights, the ax felling trees. Evidently a block-house is going up. No one can get near enough to see, and no one is permitted to come here all the way from there. Their informers only go part way. No guns have been placed on this side, unless they are light field pieces, and taken up in wagons. The Virginia side of the Shenandoah is armed, and the guns are iron and long-probably 32 or 24 pounders. Squadrons of cavalry roam the Virginia shore, oppressing people and pressing them into service. Our volunteers are as green as green can be. Marching is their forte, if they have a drum or a band. They cannot form a square yet of those I have seen, yet they think themselves perfect. As the General has just said he would send one or two batteries here, the general will do nothing about getting the field artillery from Harrisburg, though ammunition will be called here, which will be available for the two field batteries if they come. If they do not come, we can get those guns and plant them. We are working like bees.

Yours, truly,

F. J. PORTER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 3, 1861.

Governor BUCKINGHAM, Norwich, Conn.:

Send on to this place your three years' regiments as soon as organized. Report when.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

(Similar dispatches to governors of Maine, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, and Wisconsin.)

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., June 3, 1861.

To the United States Troops of this Department:

The restraint which has necessarily been imposed upon you, impatient

