
to overcome those who have raised their parricidal hands against our country, is about to be removed. You will soon meet the insurgents.

You are not the aggressors. A turbulent faction, misled by ambitious rulers in a time of profound peace and national prosperity, have occupied your forts and turned the guns against you; have seized your arsenals and armories, and appropriated to themselves Government supplies; have arrested and held prisoners your companions marching to their homes under State pledge of security; have captured vessels and provisions voluntarily assured by State legislation from molestation, and now seek to perpetuate a reign of terror over loyal citizens.

The have invaded a loyal State and intrenched themselves within its boundaries i defiance of its constituted authorities.

You are going on American soil, to sustain the civil power, to relieve the oppressed, and to retake that which is unlawfully held.

You must bear in mind you are going for the good of the whole country, and that while it is your duty to punish sedition, you must protect the loyal, and, should occasion offer, at once suppress servile insurrection.

Success will crown your efforts; a grateful country and a happy people will reward you.

By order of Major-General Patterson:

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 3, 1861.

Colonel W. B. FRANKLIN, U. S. A.,

New York City:

How many of the three years' regiments south of Albany are organized? Order immediately to this place by Harrisburg all that are ready.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, June 3, 1861.

General MCDOWELL,Commanding, &amp;c., Arlington:

General Scott desires you to submit an estimate of the number and composition of a column to be pushed towards Manassas Junction, and perhaps the gap, say in four or five days, to favor Patterson's attack on Harper's Ferry.

The rumor is that Arlington Heights will be attacked to-night.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., June 4, 1861.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have nothing of special interest to report since my last, save the general health of the troops. Their condition in discipline

