
all of them be restrained as well as led; and where, as is the case with many, they are not so by their officers, they must have some one immediately over them who can and will. I do not propose to have a supply train of wagons for the main body, but to use the railroad, which makes it necessary that every bridge or other important point be guarded, and have either a block-house or field-work. This will require several Engineer officers, and a full supply of intrenching tools, axes, &amp;c.

I have now, perhaps, done all that the General-in-Chief desires of me, but I will take the liberty of adding a few remarks, if not even some suggestions. As soon as we commence to move they will do the same, and as their communications with their position at Harper's Ferry, which they evidently cherish, will be threatened, they will do as they did when we first came over-hurry forward from all the stations at the South-and the question arises as to the best point or line it is advisable to hold, even for defensive purposes. This, it seems to me, is the line of the Rappahannock, which, if occupied in force, will effectually free all Northeastern Virginia, without coming in contact with the inhabitants, and also free the Potomac. It will be necessary to hold the Aquia Creek Railroad, which, if done in large numbers, would make a powerful diversion in General Butler's favor. It is true the foregoing is not directly in answer to the question of the General-in-Chief, but I think it flows from it. In relation to the number of troops to be used, I have only to say-what, perhaps, is evident enough, however-that in proportion to the numbers used will be the lives saved; and as we have such numbers pressing to be allowed to serve, might it not be well to overwhelm and conquer as much by the show of force as by the use of it?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, colonel, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 4, 1861.

General R. PATTERSON, Chambersburg, Pa.:

General Scott says do not make a move forward until you are joined by a battery of the Fourth Artillery and a battalion of five companies Third U. S. Infantry, to leave here the 6th instant for Carlisle. Company F, Fourth Artillery, is the one to be mounted. Orders have been given to purchase horses and collect the guns, equipments, &c., as soon as possible, at Carlisle. It will require some days, but the General considers this addition to your force indispensable. If two Ohio regiments come to you, retain them. Also halt the first two regiments that may pass through Harrisburg from the North to this city, and add them to your force. You will receive a letter from the General before you move.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 5, 1861.

Governor ANDREW, Boston, Mass.:

Send to this place, via Easton and Harrisburg, all your three years' regiments as soon as organized. Please report the number.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

