
ARLINGTON, June 5, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel TOWNSEND:

The following information is respectfully forwarded.

General McDowell is temporarily absent.

JAMES B. FRY, A. A. G.

ALEXANDRIA, June 5, 1861.

Captain J. B. FRY, Arlington:

I have it from a most reliable source that there are 20,000 men at Manassas Junction, Lee's Station, Fairfax Court-House, and Centreville. Persons from there are instructed to say that there is a much smaller force there. General Beauregard arrived at Manassas Junction on Friday last. General Lee has returned to Richmond.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN.

CINCINNATI, June 6, 1861.

General SCOTT:

Recent developments show that it is absolutely necessary to muster in Virginia troops between Grafton and Parkersburg for service in that State. This cannot be delayed, and every motive of policy requires it to be done at once. I am so urgently solicited by Carlile and other reliable Unionists to take this step, that I feel forced to do so, unless I hear from you to the contrary. The case requires prompt action.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 6, 1861.

Major General G. B. MCCLELLAN:

Muster in the Western Virginians as you propose.

WINFIELD SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,June 6, 1861.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT:

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival of Colonel Townsend with the Third New York Regiment of Volunteers, 800 strong, so that now the aggregate effective force under my command, including the regulars, may be set down at 6,750 men. As yet, however, we have not a single piece of artillery for the field. I received some artillery harness, however, and will ask leave to enlist from the three-months' men for three years two companies of artillerists. We have no horses even sufficient for the quartermaster's service yet. May I have permission to cause to be bought horses for the guns? I have thought that, as the quartermaster's service is so pressed in New York, if I had authority to order purchases in Boston, which is substantially an untried market, it might be done with advantage and economy the Government. My military secretary, Major Fay, is now in Boston arranging his private affairs. He is a thorough business man, and would cause an inspection of the animals before delivery.

The y at Newport News will be completed by the time

