HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, June 11, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I sent by telegraph to-day General Morris' telegram in relation to troops in Western Virginia. It is long, but of such importance, that I felt it necessary to transmit it as it was. I cannot urge too strongly the importance of this matter, on which hinges, I think, the fate of Western Virginia. I regard the position of Western Virginia as very different from that of Maryland. The anxiety in regard to this condition arises, I think, not from any unwillingness to fight the battles of the Union on any battle-field, but from the natural solicitude of a simple people for their own homes and families. We have it in our power to unite that people firmly to us forever. I hope the opportunity may not be permitted to pass by. I ask the efforts of the Lieutenant-General in my support.

General Morris informs me to-day by telegram that one of his parties has dispersed another small camp at St. George, capturing a lieutenant and two secession flags. If secession flags are not too plenty with you I will forward that taken at Philippi in fair fight.

I have been prevented from a forward movement on Beverly by the want of transportation and cavalry. The first defect is by this time remedied, and I am trying to secure the second by inducing the governor to raise State cavalry. I know the slender force of regulars on hand, and dislike asking for them, but if I could have the six companies of First Cavalry now at Fort Leavenworth, I could make excellent use of them.

I have been obliged to defer the Kanawha movement for a few days. I hope before I am ready to make it to have received authority to muster in Virginia troops for the defense of that valley. I learned to-day, from authority apparently reliable, that two regiments of Tennessee troops had orders to move last night from Camp Cheatham (near Nashville) to Union City, and thence, when re-enforced, to take possession of Island Numbers 1, some six miles south of Cairo. I at once sent to General Buckner a telegram, of which I inclose a copy, also one to Governor Magoffin, and had them repeated to Honorable J. J. Crittenden and Honorable James Guthrie for their information. General Buckner came to see me on Friday last. We sat up all night, talking about matters of common interest. Buckner have me his word that should any Tennessee troops cross the frontier of Kentucky he would use all the force at his disposal to drive them out, and, failing in that, would call on me for assistance. He went to Tennessee after leaving here to present that view to Governor Harris.

Great trouble is being experienced in reorganizing the regiments at Camp Dennison. It is very necessary that money should be provided at once to pay off the three-months' men and get them out of the way, say $120,000 at a rough calculation.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

CINCINNATI, June 11, 1861.

General S. B. BUCKNER, Louisville, Ky.:

I have information, apparently reliable, that at least two Tennessee regiments had orders to move last night from Camp Cheatham to Union

