
City, thence, on being re-enforced, to occupy at once Island Numbers 1, six miles below Cairo. I notify you of this in accordance with our understanding that you would not permit Tennessee troops to cross your frontier. Please reply at once whether you consider the island on the Kentucky side of the channel within the jurisdiction of Kentucky, and how you regard those on the Missouri side of the river. Prompt action is necessary.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, June 11, 1861.

Gov. B. MAGOFFIN, Frankfort, Ky.:

I have received information that Tennessee troops are under orders to occupy Island Numbers 1, six miles below Cairo. In accordance with my understanding with General Buckner, I call upon you to prevent this step. Do you regard the islands in the Mississippi River above the Tennessee line as within your jurisdiction; and, if so, what ones?

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,

Numbers 5. Fort McHenry, June 11, 1861.

In pursuance of orders from the headquarters of the Army, Major-General Banks hereby assumes command of the Department of Annapolis.*

By order of Major-General Banks:

ROBERT WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Chambersburg, Pa., June 12, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Washington City:

SIR: I yesterday notified you of the occupation of Cumberland by the Indiana regiment under Colonel Wallace, and the fact of secession militia being in his vicinity, upon whom he designed to call. I now inclose for the information of the General-in-Chief the satisfactory report of his journey through Virginia.

I have reason to believe that with few exceptions the people of Maryland are loyal, and wherever a Federal force will appear disloyalty will hide its head and the Government receive powerful auxiliaries. The Unionists now present a bold front and call for aid, which, as I cannot now give and properly sustain, would invite attack and perhaps cause defeat.

In the counties bordering the Potomac are many Union-loving people, but the secessionists are so powerful and violent and well armed, that our friends dare not express open sympathy, and are often forced to array themselves against us. For this reason and to sustain the command at Cumberland, which can gradually work its way east, repairing bridges, I would respectfully suggest two regiments at least, repairing bridges, I would respectfully suggest two regiments at least, if they could be devoted to that purpose, be designated to protect the road in the rear and permit Colonel Wallace to approach. Supplies must also

---------------

*Relieving Brevet Major-General Cadwalader.

---------------

