
This will be handed to you by Lieutenant Babcock, Corps of Engineers, ordered to report to you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,Fort McHenry, June 13, 1861.

To the MAYOR OF THE CITY OF BALTIMORE:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you a copy of an order issued to the troops of the United States in this city and the vicinity.

In pursuance of this authority no soldier will be permitted to leave his post or enter the city during this day without positive orders from the general in command, except those who are voters under the constitution and laws of Maryland, and whose rights as voters, as I understand, have been recognized in a communication addressed by you to my predecessor in command of this department.

I earnestly desire to co-operate with you in all measures that may tend to promote the peace of the city. The large police force, wisely controlled, I think, if impartial and vigilant, will have strength to suppress ordinary election tumults and preserve order. If they fail to do this, or if any considerable portion of the people of Baltimore avail themselves of the difficulties of the occasion to organize anarchy and overthrow all forms of government, the responsibility for the results, whatever they are, will fall upon them.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATH. P. BANKS.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] FORT MCHENRY, June 12, 1861.

The general commanding the department directs me to say that you will on no account allow any of the men of your command to be absent from your camp during the day or night of to-morrow. You will hold your command in readiness at a moment's notice to move under orders during that time, with arms in perfect order, and provided with forty rounds of ammunition to each man. Should you not have the necessary ammunition on hand, you will send your quartermaster to report to me this afternoon for an additional supply. He also directs that you close all liquor shops in your vicinity during the same time.

By order of Major-General Banks:

ROBERT WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., June 13, 1861.

Colonel J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding the Forces at Yorktown, &amp;c.:

SIR: Your favor of June 12, by Captain Davies, with a flag of truce, was this morning received.*

I desire, first, to thank you for the courtesy shown to the flag and its messengers.

---------------

*In reference to exchange of prisoners. To appear in 2nd Series.

---------------

