
I need not call your attention to the fact that there will be unauthorized acts of violence committed by those who are not sufficiently under the restraint of their commanding officers. My men complain that the ambulance having the wounded was fired into by your cavalry, and I am informed that if you have any prisoners they were taken while engaged in the pious duty to their wounded comrades, and not in battle. It has never occurred to my mind that either firing into the ambulance or capturing persons in charge of the wounded men was an act authorized, recognized, or sanctioned by any gentleman in command of the forces in Virginia. Before this unhappy strife I had not been so accustomed to regard the acts of my late associate citizens of the United States, and I have seen nothing in the course of this contest in the acts of those in authority to lead me to a different conclusion.

I inclose a certificate by Sively and Whiting, which will show you that they, at least, had received no harm form the Federal troops.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA,Arlington, June 14, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army:

COLONEL: I have received a letter from Major J. G. Barnard, Engineer, making suggestion concerning the defenses thrown up on this side of the Potomac. I have attended to these so far as my resources enabled me. Speaking of the work on Shooter's Hill, he says:

Having to use heavy guns on sea-coast carriages for this as well as for other works in progress, it will require at least a week, probably more, before such guns can be mounted; but there will also be eight field-guns (part of them rifled) in the armament. These could be put in position in a couple of days, but they should not be sent to the work until the matter of a guard or garrison is attended to and artillerists provided for them.

* * * * * * *

With reference to the tete-de-pont at Long Brigade, he adds:

Arrangements must be made for moving and working these guns (twenty-three in all). The same may be said of the tete-do-pont at the Aqueduct.

I have made the above extracts for the purpose of saying that I am unable to comply with so much as relates to providing artillerists for manning these works.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Chambersburg, Pa., June 14, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

Your note of 13th received by Lieutenant O. B. Cannot cross at time indicated. Will give notice in time to make diversion. See letter of 12th instant.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

