
require three marches, and would weaken us too much to make such a detachment as you propose. The moment we have reliable information you shall hear from me; probably too late for Cumberland. The whole affair is to me a riddle. Our command is exhausted, and could not make any march before morning.

Very truly, yours.

GEO. CADWALADER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., June 15, 1861.

F. J. PORTER:

I will have all my baggage in wagons to-night, to move at a moment's notice, without leaving a rag behind. Let forces to meet me go by way of Hancock. I will not take my regiment off till I feel the enemy or know their force exactly. With the exception of one company, I am armed with sword bayonet and minie musket. The sword bayonet and rifle cartridges is what I want, with a supply of percussion caps. General Morris has acted very strangely towards me. I would fight them in some of the mountain passes on the other

side of the river if he had done the fair thing. It is useless to depend for help on him or General McClellan. I have positive information that there will be four thousand rebel troops at or in Romney to-night, who swear they will follow me to hell but what they will have me.

LEWIS WALLACE,

Eleventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Chambersburg, Pa., June 15, 1861.

General GEO. B. MCCLELLAN, Commanding, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Colonel Wallace is threatened between Grafton and Cumberland by three thousand rebels, and asked for aid (artillery, infantry, and ammunition) from General Morris, which was declined. If possible, assistance will go from Hagerstown, but I may be able only to hold my own for a few days, fearing to be cut up in detail. The destruction of Harper's Ferry is a decoy, I fear. I have ordered him, if hard pressed, to come this way or to return towards Bedford. The force of enemy at Harper's Ferry exceeds mine at Hagerstown. Do not know the kind of arms Wallace has.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

HAGERSTOWN, June 15, 1861.-Received 11.15 p. m.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I arrived and located my headquarters here at 6 p. m. Harper's Ferry at 2 p. m. was occupied by five hundred men breaking camp. Everything destroyed; also depot, iron-works, &amp;c., at Martinsburg. Rebels gone to Winchester.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

44 R R - VOL II

