
WASHINGTON, June 15, 1861.

Captain B. DU BARRY, U. S. A., Chambersburg, Pa.:

It is said you are making arrangements to send all regiments arriving at Harrisburg to Chambersburg. General Scott says the Third Michigan Regiment and all others are now to be forwarded to this city. General Patterson will need no more troops.

Acknowledge this, and send it to General Patterson.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 15, 1861.

General MCDOWELL, Arlington:

General Scott says, whether Harper's Ferry is evacuated or not, General Patterson cannot cross the river before Wednesday next [19th]. This in reference to a proposed movement of yours, on the expediency of which events must now decide.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT ANNAPOLIS,Fort McHenry, June 16, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: The election passed without disorder, but the fact is not a just indication of the spirit of the city. Active demonstrations on the part of secessionists can only be suppressed by constant readiness of our forces. We need greatly some assistance here.

1st. Authority to establish a home guard. There are many good Union men here, who are ready to enter the service, and we have arms for them, which have been taken from ill-disposed persons. They can be deposited at the custom-house under guard of our troops, so as to make secure their possession. This will give occupation to the Union men and confidence to the loyal portion of the city. I think it will be prudently and safely managed.

2nd. We need a corps of cavalry to suppress the contraband trade on the back roads leading southward. We have not now a mounted orderly by whom to send a message even to the city. Some assistance of this kind is indispensable. The infantry can well command the railways. I have written to Mr. Secretary Chase to loan us the service of a revenue cutter for a brief period, by which we could control this trade upon the river and bay. To cut off the contraband is to deprive Baltimore of the support now given publicity to the secession spirit and strip the rebel army of its most useful supplies. I beg you to think of this subject, and give us prompt aid.

3rd. Baltimore would afford most excellent camps of instruction for raw troops. They can be easily and cheaply supported here in healthy and convenient locations, well drilled and disciplined, and their presence would afford support to the Government against the rebel elements in the city. In a short time you could safely withdraw the best troops for service elsewhere, leaving the new levies in possession here.

With respect I submit these considerations to you, and remain your obliged and obedient servant,

NATH. P. BANKS,

General, Commanding.

