
General-in-Chief for all the regulars with my column, and the Rhode Island regiment and battery, the force which the commanding general had ordered to you. It was too late to send another regiment, and transportation could not be obtained till some time after your telegram confirmed the suspicion of the ruse attempted. It is evident the design was to draw off force from here which would be most available for relief to the capital, now threatened by all the power of the enemy. Fortunately you did not require it, and it had not gone so far as to be out of reach. It is now on its way to Washington. Cartridges will not be here until to-morrow, nor caps. In the mean time transportation is being gathered, and as soon as practicable a regiment will be sent to you. I wish you to give me by telegram the caliber of your guns, whether .69, .58, or .54-inch.

No communication from you gives information of the supplies to be procured at your place. If provisions are required be pleased to inform Colonel E. G. Beckwith, U. S. Army, at this place, by telegraph, that it may be sent by first wagon train.

Our means of transportation are very limited, and the commanding general wishes you and all who join you to be self-reliant-to draw only absolute necessities from this place. He desires to hear from you as often as opportunity offers, and, when necessary, by telegraph.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HAGERSTOWN, June 17, 1861.

Colonel TOWNSEND:

Doubleday with siege train at Harrisburg, and asks if shall take it. Would like him to return for Harper's Ferry to secure from this side the building the bridge. Please reply to him. Miles, with Second, Third, and Eighth Infantry, left at 8 p. m. via Harrisburg. Thomas, for want of transportation, goes to Frederick. Cars for four hundred men, four hundred horses, and seven wagons required at Frederick Junction at 9 a. m. to-morrow. Perkins will be ready in two days. Shall I take him? All my force on this side of river. Wish to occupy Maryland Heights, rebuild bridge, and open route. Reports not credited that enemy is returning from Winchester.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Later.-9.30 p. m.-General Johnston with a large force is at Martinsburg, marching on Williamsport. Thomas is passing.

R. PATTERSON,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Hagerstown, Md., June 17, 1861.

Major General GEORGE CADWALADER,

Commanding, &amp;c., near Williamsport, Md.:

GENERAL: Only the "City Troop" of cavalry remain with you; all regulars with the command go to Washington. The general wishes you to send sixteen of the troop to replace the cavalry now here, and which will join Colonel Thomas here. The efforts to get cars for all of Colonel Thomas' command (cavalry)-men, horses, and wagons-will probably succeed, in which case he will go by rail form here to-night and land in Washington to-morrow; also, the regular infantry under

