
mand of course operates greatly against any regular system of instruction. I, however, endeavor to visit the several stations twice a week, and hope that the benefits of my instruction are not entirely lost. The company guarding the canal is divided into two equal parts, and its future efficiency thereby much disturbed. As I do not see the necessity of keeping it there, I respectfully suggest the propriety of placing it either at headquarters or at Elkton. I would likewise offer, very respectfully, the same suggestion respecting the occupation of Northeast and Charlestown. The bridges at Northeast and Charlestown are all of stone, and could not be materially injured before word would reach Perryville or Elkton. I would therefore suggest that two companies be kept at Elkton, two at Perryville, and the rest at this place and below-say two at Bush River and two at Gunpowder. This last place seems to me much more exposed than any other, and as demanding greater protection. I await your orders in these respects. I beg leave to add further that I have not felt easy without some means of constant communication with the other shore of the Susquehanna, and that I have accordingly chartered the steamer Fairy for thirty dollars per day, she finding coal.

In conclusion, I beg leave to present to the general, as the wish of the officers and men of this command (myself included), that it should be called into more active service at an early day. I would also say that the officers and men of this command have received at al hands the well-merited encomiums of all here, and at all the stations, for their genial society and good conduct. I regard the material favorable for a first-rate regiment.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 19, 1861.

Honorable JOHN S. CARLILE,

Wheeling, Va.:

DEAR SIR: The Secretary of the Treasury has laid before me a letter addressed by you to him, and I cheerfully comply with his request to assure you that this Department will do all in its power to carry out your wishes. All the supplies that can be obtained in Wester Virginia for the troops there concentrating will be purchased from the people residing in that section, and every proper effort will be made to encourage the loyalty and promote the interests of your people.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 19, 1861.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

DEAR SIR: It is deemed highly important that the Union men in Western Virginia be aided and encouraged in every was possible, and it is desired that you and those under your command should do so as far as you can. One mode of doing it is to obtain, as far as possible, the supplies for your forces from them, and you are requested to give instructions to this effect to these who are charged with the duty of providing supplies.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

45 R R-VOL II

