
in-Chief in all that relates to the plans, movements,and commands of the campaign. He has superior military knowledge, experience, wisdom, and patrotism over any other member of the administration, and enjoys the unlimited confidence of the people, as well as the President and his advisers. * * * * * *

[Here the copy ends, and no signature.]

WASHINGTON, June 21, 1861.

Brigadier-General McDOWELL,

U. S. A.:

SIR: The General-in-Chief sends you the inclosed copy of instructions to Major-General Patterson,* and desires you to propose a column to co-operate from this end, according to the outline plan indicated.

I am,m &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., June 21, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Washington City:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the telegram of the General-in-Chief calling for a plan of operations with a portion of my force to sweep the enemy from Leesburg, &c. Inclosed is a copy of my telegraphic reply. The following is my plan more in detail:

To carry out the views of the General-in-Chief I propose-

First. The occupy the Maryland Heights with a brigade (2,100 men); fortify and arm with Doubleday's artillery, and provision for twenty days, to secure against investment.

Second. To move all supplies to Frederick, and immediately thereafter abandon this line of operations; threaten with a force to open a route through Harper's Ferry, this force to be the sustaining one for the command on Maryland Heights.

Third. To send everything else available (horse, foot, and artillery) to cross the Potomac near Point of Rock, and unite with Colonel Stone at Leesburg. From that point I can operate as circumstances shall demand and your orders require. If no blow is to be struck here, I think this change of position important to keep alive the ardor o our men as well as to force an enemy.

The reasons for this change of depot will be so apparent to the General-in-Chief that I need not refer to them. by the employment of the local transportation of the country I can soon make the necessary changes, and will hasten to carry out your orders.

I have many reports in regard to the movements of the force opposite us in Virginia, and have reason to believe that when the regulars were withdrawn, General Johnston, with thirteen thousand men and twenty-two pieces of artillery, was marching to the attack, and that night posted his force, expecting from us an attack the following morning. I regret we did not meet the enemy, so confident am I that, with this well-appointed force, the result would have been favorable to us, and that this portion of Virginia would now be peaceably occupied.

---------------

*See Scott to Patterson, June 20, p. 709.

---------------

