
and discountenance and punish improper conduct on their part, so that the citizens may see that you go to protect and not to oppress.

If bodies of men, unlawfully armed,are in your vicinity, and in any manner threaten the palace of the country or the safety of the loyal in inhabitants of the State, or are arrayed with hostile intent against the Government, you will disarm them, using such a force that the issue of such a collision shall not be doubtful.

The commanding general desires you to communicate by every opportunity the state of feeling in your vicinity, and all matters and points you may deem of interest or importance. Should the deputy quartermaster-general, Colonel Crosman, call for your wagons, you will send them to him with a proper guard.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Wheeling, Va., June 21, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR; Reliable information has been received at this department, from various parts of this State, that large numbers of evil-minded persons have banded together in military organizations with intent to overthrow the government of the State, and for that purpose have called to their aid like-minded persons from other States, who, in pursuance of such call, have invaded this commonwealth. They are now making war on the loyal people of the State. They are pressing citizens against their consent into their military organizations, and seizing and appropriating their property to aid in the rebellion.

I have not at my command sufficient military force to suppress this rebellion and violence. The legislature cannot be convened in time to act in the premises. It therefore becomes my duty, as governor of this commonwealth, to call on the Government of the United States for aid to suppress such rebellion and violence. I therefore earnestly request that you will furnish a military force to aid in suppressing the rebellion and to protect the good people of this commonwealth from domestic violence.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS TYLER'S BRIGADE, Camp McDowell, June 22, 1861.

To Brigadier-General McDOWELL,Commanding Department N. E. Virginia:

GENERAL: Your intimation yesterday that we might be ordered to fall back to Ball's Cross-Roads took me so by surprise, that I went at once to your headquarters to see if there was no some mistake in the matter, and, not finding you, returned immediately back.

Since I have been in my present position I have used every possible means to connect it with our present line of operations, and also with the probable movements of the enemy, and I am satisfied that to abandon it would be the greatest mistake we could commit, and for the following reasons:

