
Soon after sunrise the regiment marched into the city, and remained there through the day.

At 7 p. m. we left Frederick by rail and proceeded to Washington, arriving at 6 o'clock on Wednesday morning, Jane 19. It gives me pleasure to assure the General-in-Chief of the gratification which I feel at the bearing and conduct of the bearing and conduct of the command during this expedition. The fatigues of the way were endured with fortitude, and had any danger threatened I have no doubt that it would have been bravely met. As it is, I cannot avoid the expression of my satisfaction that the object of the expedition in which this regiment participated was attained in safety and without the loss of life. The command is now in an effective condition for the further service of the Government of the United States.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Colonel, Commanding First Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, June 23, 1861.

Major-General BANKS,

Baltimore:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th, and have given it due consideration. The experience of the Department of the operations of home-guard organizations in communities similar to that of Baltimore has been such as to lead to great doubts as to the propriety of them. The subject is, however, under consideration, and shall be fully examined before an adverse determination is arrived at.

In view of the necessity of having cavalry at your command, the forces organized by Colonel Chorman have been accepted with the design of co-operating with the Maryland regiment, and they will be at once ordered to be mustered into service if ready. Your views in regard to making Baltimore the place for the instruction of our new levies impress me favorably.

Yours, &amp;c.,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Washington, D. C., June 23, 1861.

Brigadier-General McDOWELL,Arlington:

Your note is received. The General-in-Chief directs as follows: It is his intention that the Third Connecticut Regiment and the Second New York, Colonel Tompkins, shall be sent to your this evening. It will not be convenient to send them by steamer, and he directs that the trains, which will be thirty wagons to each, shall leave their camp-ground precisely at six o'clock. These trains will carry their knapsacks also. Please to designate where they shall-cross the river, and have two guides to each regiment, one for the train and one for the column, to conduct them to their respective encampments. They can be over the river before 8 o'clock p. m.

Answer.

MANASFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Commandant.

