
ments called for by his excellency the President of the United States from the State of Virginia are now in the field under the direction of Major-General McClellan.

The first regiment was of the three months' volunteers. They have received guns, &amp;c., but no tents. I think if they now had tents, the most if not all of that regiment would enlist for three years.

The second regiments for three years is full, but they are without arms and equipments. A large number of this regiment ar from the mountain region of Western Virginia. It is important to have them in the field as soon as possible, on account of their knowledge of the country. Permit me to urge the importance of sending arms, tents, and equipments immediately for this regiment. I would also observe that the First Regiment has yet no knapsacks.

I have also two companies of cavalry, of one hundred men each, ready to muster into the service. They are much needed. They are also gathered from the mountain region; well acquainted with the country. You will please send arms for them. They are all marksmen, and have been accustomed to the use of the rifle.

It gives me great pleasure to assure you that our Union men are entering into the spirit of the work with great energy; and when they learn that our government is recognized at Washington, it will strengthen Union men and stop cavilers. Our people will give the United States all the aid they can spare from defending their families and property from their secession neighbors, many of whom have imbibed the spirit of their leaders.

I am in receipt of information from every part of Western Virginia, from the most intelligent and influential citizens, of their high approval of the action [of] our Convention and of their determination to sustain it.

I am, my dear sir, your obedient servant,

F. H. PEIRPOINT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Grafton, Va., June 29, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT,Commander-in-Chief Army of the United States:

SIR: I have the honor to call you attention to the present condition of the Baltimore and Ohio Railway. By a written communication received to-night from the roadmaster, I am informed that parties of the enemy have recently examined the trestles, bridges, &c., with a view to further destruction. My informant assart that he is threatened, if the slightest attempt is made to repair the trestles, greater injuries to the road will follow. The company, however, is prepared to reconstruct the road on our promise to protect it. The injured road being beyond the limits of this department, I can only say that I regard the reconstruction of it necessary to our operations here. There is a strong Union feeling along the route, especially in Hampshire and Morgan Counties, which only awaits protection to practically develop itself, companies in that vicinity being prepared to muster into service. Under these circumstances, by ordering down the Pennsylvania troops, the war frontier would be moved towards the South, and our left flank be so protected that we could continue our operations of advance with greater alacrity, more expeditiously, extending them to the Kanawha.

