
Fifth. His position now threatening all communication with Stone, is it not necessary to effect this junction at all hazards?

General Cadwalader thinks, and it may be the case, that he present movement is a feint, while the real point of attack is to be our right. Unless he (the enemy) is decidedly superior in force, such an intention would scatter his forces over too long a line. this is per contra to General Cadwalader's opinion.

If General Negley is to maintain his present position it would be well to send to-day some crow-bars (20), 30 axes, 30 picks, and 40 shovels, consigned to the brigade quartermaster, with directions to him to receipt for them, and to use them for no other purpose except entrenching.

Very truly, &amp;c.,

JOHN NEWTON.

P. S.-At the present moment, after waiting some time for them, a number of scouts have not returned. Their report may correct in some particulars, though I think unimportant, the points in this letter. Do you want me?

HAGERSTOWN, MD., June 29, 1861.

General G. B. McCLELLAN,

Grafton, Va.:

Cumberland is held by Colonel Wallace, supported by two Pennsylvania reserve regiments at Bedford. Can spare none for Piedmont, as the insurgents are in large force in front. Please keep me informed of any forward movement made, or intended to be made, that I may co-operate and aid you as far as practicable by demonstrations intended as feints or for attack.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 30, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON,

Hagerstown, Md.:

The Rhode Island Battery is ordered from here to join you at Hagerstown by rail. Colonel Stone's command, consisting of First New Hampshire Regiment, First Pennsylvania Regiment (Colonel Patterson), Ninth New York Regiment, and five companies Pennsylvania regiment, is ordered to join your column.

The regulars cannot be spared from here.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., June 30, 1861.

Major-General McCALL,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

I subjoin copy of telegram received from General McClellan, and will rely on you to send aid to Colonel Wallace if he calls for it before we can support him from this point:

The two Pennsylvania State regiments are at State Line, ten miles from Cumberland. I recommend that one of them be ordered to Cumberland to support Wallace; the other to Piedmont. The two posts can communicate by the coal road via Lonaconing, and can draw their supplies from this direction. I move to-morrow on the main force in my front.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

