
Department for prompt attention. I am glad to learn of the prevalence of the Union sentiment throughout Western Virginia, and of the spirit of energy manifested by your people in the great work of preserving the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Wheeling, June 3, 1861.

To General G. B. McCLELLAN,

Grafton, Va.:

SIR: Inclosed I send you a slip from the Cincinnati Gazette. I learn there were two men taken-Messrs. Miller and Wagner.

I propose that we occupy Point Pleasant.

There are 3,500 secession troops at Charleston, fifty-two miles from Point Pleasant. Can we not take the regiment form Gallipolis and send him some other forces, and let them intrench themselves at Point Pleasant, if necessary? I have received intelligence in the last few days that they can raise a regiment in that neighborhood of Virginia troops if they had a rallying point.

I have and offer of a regiment from Pittsburg to come into the service, unconditionally, for three years. The gentleman offering says he can be ready in a week. We could place that regiment there. Can you not spare Captain Daum, who is here in camp yet,with his artillery, to join that movement?

I can procure artillery and ammunition at Pittsburg for Captain Daum, if you need what he has here, if you can do without the company.

My dear sir, I deem it a matter of great importance to commence a movements in that direction, even if we have to encamp them on the Ohio side until we get strong enough to take position on the Virginia.

Yours, in haste,

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

P. S.-My impression is that the object of Wise in his trip towards Parkeersburg is to make a dash at the Northwestern Virginia Railroad and burn up the bridges, by dashing at different points with his cavalry.

I have just learned that there were many of the Union men with their families driven into Ohio from Jackson Country-from Ravenswood and that vicinity. It is also stated-for the truth of which I cannot vouch-that a regiment from Ohio passed into Virginia at Point Pleasant.

Yours, &amp;c.,

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

[Inclosure.]

COLUMBUS, July 1.

Colonel Norton, of the First Regiment State troops at Gallipolis, telegraphed the governor to-day that on Saturday night a mounted party of fifty men came from Charleston, Va., to Point Pleasant, headed by A. G. Jenkins, and took some of the most prominent Union men there prisoners and marched them off. Colonel Norton started with a hundred men in pursuit, but could not overtake them. He then scoured the country, and took thirty prominent secessionists prisoners, whom he now holds as hostages for the safety of the Union men in hands of the rebels. Norton says there are 3,500 rebels now at Charlestown, under command of Hawes.

47 R R-VOL II

