
out his orders, and that the instructions to his advance guard were either misconceived or not executed. To these circumstances must be attributed the disaster that followed, and they call for they call for heavy censure upon all concerned. The commanding general remarks with pleasure upon the coolness, self-possession, courage, and energy displayed by Colonel Porterfield at the moment of attack; but he cannot exonerate him from blame in not taking proper precautionary measures beforehand. Yet, in consideration of all the circumstances of the case, he does not think it necessary to do more than to express the opinion of the court, in the hope that the sad effects produced by the want of forethought and vigilance, as exhibited in this case, will be a lesson to be remembered by the army throughout the war.

III.-The court of inquiry, of which Colonel William B. Taliaferro, Virginia Volunteers, is president, is dissolved.

By command of General Lee:

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 5, 1861. -Attack upon Confederate Battery at Pig Point, Virginia.

REPORTS.

No. 1. -Brigadier General Benjamin Huger, C. S. Army.

No. 2. -Commander R. B. Pegram, C. S. Navy.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Benjamin Huger, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES OF VIRGINIA,Norfolk, Va., June 6, 1861.

SIR: The steamer Harriet Lane was occupied yesterday in reconnoitering our battery at Pig Point, mouth of Nansemond River, and this morning took up a position and opened fire upon the battery, doing but little damage and injuring no one. The battery replied, and after firing some twenty shots, the steamer hauled off suddenly and proceeded to Old Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General R. E. LEE, Commanding Forces of Virginia.

P. S.- One gun, a 32 -pounder, burst, without injuring any one. i have sent two to replace it.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES NORFOLK HARBOR,Norfolk, Va., June 7, 1861.

SIR: I have received information that, on the 5th instant, the Harriet Lane was hit twice by the battery at Pig Point. One shot struck the water-ways, passed through a tub of musket-balls, damaged the foremast, and went our through the top of the rail. Six men were wounded by the foremast, and went out through the top of the rail. Six men were by the scattering of the musket balls.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Forces of Virginia, Richmond, Va.

