
eral Banks persuaded the Sixth Massachusetts to remain till August 2. I have been to the encampment of the Twenty-second Pennsylvania, whose term expired yesterday, and the men consent to continue in service a week longer. The Thirteenth New York resolved unanimously this morning to go home to-morrow. Have just returned from their camp, and by the most urgent remonstrances and by strong appeals have induced them to stay another week.

By August 2 there will not be one of the eight first-names regiments in the annexed list left. I shall have only the last three regiments on the list remaining. I must urge the immediate re-enforcement of the troops under my command. There ought to be ten thousand men here and at Annapolis. I would not venture to respond for the quietude of the department with a smaller number.

The late reverse at Manassas has brought out manifestations of a most hostile and vindictive feeling in Annapolis, as well as in Baltimore Major-General Banks, on the evening of my arrival here, asked, at my suggestion, for four hundred cavalry. They would, for the special service required, be equal to a full regiment of infantry. I hope they may be furnished without delay. It is understood that a regiment of cavalry leaves New York to-morrow. Can I have a detachment of three or four companies from this regiment, with a field officer?

I will see to the immediately protection of the bridges in all directions. The Sixth New York, at Annapolis and the Junction, has been in service more than three months. It was put on duty in detachments on its arrival at Annapolis, and was not mustered for a month afterwards. The men are dissatisfied, and to some extent demoralized. They might be willing to remain if they could be sent to Washington and another regiment substituted for them. They contend that their term of service is ended now.

I understand there is a Home Guard in Philadelphia. Could it not be put on the bridges between that city and Baltimore? It would, no doubt, be sent on at the request of the Secretary of War.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel	Designation	Where stationed	Time expires

William D.	Eighteenth	Federal Hill	July 24, 1861

Lewis	Pennsylvania

Peter Lyle	Nineteenth	Near Fort	July 27, 1861

Pennsylvania	McHenry

T. G.	Twenty-Second	Mount Calre	July 23, 1861

Morehead	Pennsylvania	Station

Abel Smith	Thirteenth New	West Baltimore	July 25, 1861

York Militia	street

J. S.	Sixth New York	Annapolis &amp;	August 19,

Pinckney	Militia	Junction	1861

George W.	Twentieth New	Petterson Park	July 23, 1861

Pratt	York Militia

Lieutenant 	Second New	Bladensburg

Colonel 	Jersey

Abraham Spear

Edward F.	Sixth	Relay House	July 22, 1861

Jones	Massachusetts

Edward W.	Eighth	West Baltimore	July 30, 1861

Hinks	Massachusetts	street

Major Cook	Massachusetts	Mount Clare	July 20, 1861

bat. of light	Station

art.

Captain	Second	Mount Clare	Very recently

Creager	Maryland*	Station	mustered into

service

Captain	Third	Fort McHenry	July 19, 1861

Sprague	Battalion

Mass. Rifles

---- Roberts	First	Mount Clare	 1864

Pennsylvania	Station

Robert G.	Fourth	Mount Clare	 1864

Marsh	Pennsylvania	Station

Halbert E.	Fourth	Mount Clare	 1864

Paine	Wisconsin	Station

---------------

*The Second Maryland, not being completely organized, is not referred to in the foregoing letter.

---------------

