
our onward movement for the restoration of law and order, and with them peace and all its blessings.

By order Brigadier General W. S. Rosecrans:

C. KINGSBURY, JR., A. A. A. G.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF OCCUPATION W. VA.,

Numbers 2. Grafton, Va., July 25, 1861.

I. The region within the department watered by Lower Tygart's Valley and Cheat Rivers will, until further orders, constitute a military district, to be called the "District of Cheat River."

II. Colonel Charles J. Biddle, First Pennsylvania Regiment, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Cheat River. The daily and other reports, required by the Army Regulations, will be rendered to his headquarters and by him to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding department:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEP'T, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 47. Washington, July 25, 1861.

I. There will be added to the Department of the Shenandoah the counties of Washington and Alleghany, in Maryland, and such other parts of Virginia as may be covered by the Army in its operations; and there will be added tot he Department of Washington the counties of Prince George, Montgomery, and Frederick.

The remainder of Maryland and all Pennsylvania and Delaware will constitute the Department of Pennsylvania; headquarters, Baltimore. The Department of Washington and the Department of Northeastern Virginia will constitute a geographical division, under Major-General McClellan, U. S. Army; headquarters, Washington.

* * * * * *

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., July 26, 1861.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT:

DEAR SIR: Your orders directing four and one-half regiments to be sent to Washington, via Baltimore, were received at 2 o'clock this morning. Believing that the exigency required promptness, I have sent forward the California regiment, Colonel Baker, and the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Regiments New York Volunteers, making an aggregate force of about four thousand men. These regiments are among the very best i have, and with the exception of their equipments, will compare favorably with any other volunteers in the service.

The General will perceive that this reduction of my forces here leaves it impossible to take up or hold any advanced position. Newport News, where I have an entrenched camp, and a very important point in my

