
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 1. Washington, July 27, 1861.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 47, of July 25, 1861, from the War Department, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Division of the Potomac, comprising the Military Department of Washington and Northeastern Virginia. Headquarters for the present at Washington.

* * * * * *

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF OCCUPATION, W. VA.,

Numbers 3. Clarksburg, Va., July 28, 1861.

Numerous instances of plunder by teamsters in the employment of the U. S. Quartermaster's Department, and others, of citizens along the train routes, having been reported or discovered, it is hereby ordered--

1. No officer nor soldier, nor person employed in the service of the United States, shall enter the houses or inclosure of inhabitants of Western Virginia without permission from the owners thereof, except in cases of absolute necessity, nor shall they use threats or intimidation to obtain such consent. It is also forbidden to take food, or other property, without absolute necessity, nor then without providing full compensation therefor. Persons violating these prohibitions will be regarded as trespassers and plunderers, and most severely punished.

2. Commanders of trains, escorts, and troops moving will be held responsible for the observance of these prohibitions by those under their command, and a failure therein, or to report offenders for punishment, will expose them to be tried as participators in the crime. It is earnestly enjoined on all officers to do their utmost to ferret out the perpetrators of outrages on the rights of citizens by persons apparently in Government employ, in order that thieves and plunderers, who follow the Army or attach themselves to it may be prevented from disgracing our arms.

By order of Brigadier-General Rosecrans:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Whelling, Va., July 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I write under the instructions of the governor. During the recent operations of the U. S. troops in Western Virginia quantities of arms, ammunition, and other munitions of war have been captured from the rebels, the greater part of which is the property of this State.

Our people, who are loyal and true to the Government of the Union, are clamorous for the means of defending themselves and vindicating their loyalty. We are unable to comply with their requests, and the governor directs me to ask that the captured arms, ammunition, and camp equipment to which I have referred, if consistent with the paramount interests of the National Government, may be delivered to the authorities of this State.

I am, with respect, your very obedient servant, &amp;c.,

JAMES S. WHEAT,

Adjutant-General.

