
shipment of as many sailors as may be deemed necessary for the public defense, at the same rate of pay that is allowed in the U. S. Navy; the term of enlistment to be at the pleasure of the commonwealth, not exceeding three years.

Upon the representations of the governor, the council respectfully

recommend the issue from the arsenal at Lexington of 5,000 muskets, as a loan, to the Maryland troops.

The council respectfully recommend to the governor to forward the following telegraphic dispatches:

Major General WALTER GWYNN, Norfolk, VA.:

General Lee has arrived and will assume command. Forward with dispatch to Richmond all the heavy ordnance not needed for your defensive operations. It is deemed best to palace these guns out of danger. Use railway or river, as you may deem safest.

No obstruction in James River.

* * * * * *

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., April 2, 1861.

Colonel R. E. LEE, Richmond Va.:

We are the bearers of a letter to you from General Steuart, of Maryland, and we regret, on arriving here, to find you absent. The letter referred to we forward to you in a separate inclosure, to the care of the governor of the State of Virginia. We left Baltimore by way of Ellicott's Mills, the cars having been stopped, on yesterday at 3 p. m., and reached Washington at 2 a. m. The people of Baltimore, and, indeed, the citizens of Maryland generally, are united in one thing at least, viz, that troops volunteering for Federal service against Virginia and other sister Southern States shall not, if they can help it, pass over the soil of Maryland. We have desired to have an interview with the colonel in command at this point, but find him too unwell to be seen. General Steuart will be most anxious to hear from you immediately.

Respectfully,

L. P. BAYNE.

J. J. CHANCELLOR.

P. S.-I am authorized to say to you by Major Montgomery D. Corse, commander of the Alexandria battalion, that if you or the governor desire to communicate with General Steuart or the authorities of Maryland, any dispatch directed to them, to his care, at this point, will be forwarded by horse express across the country immediately.

P. S.-All public communication, I understand, has been stopped between Washington and farther north. General Steuart has declared Washington road to be under military rule.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Harper's Ferry, Va., April 22, 1861.

[Governor LETCHER:]

DEAR GOVERNOR: I have endeavored to keep you advised of my action here. Two official communications have been made through the adjutant-general and two communications to yourself. So far I have had no written instructions from you. My object has been, not only

