HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., April 26, 1861.

General HARPER, Commanding Harper's Ferry, Va.:

SIR: the commanding general desires you to report by letter, without delay, whether, after taking from Harper's ferry such machinery as it is necessary for the armory at this city, and which he hopes is now on its way, the condition of the factories at Harper's Ferry will be such that the arms that are partly finished may be completed and brought into use, and whether, in a military point of view, it could be safely accomplished. In the mean time, if arms can be completed safely, finish them. The property referred to in the letter of yesterday was the machinery for the armory at this place, above referred to.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., April 26, 1861.

Colonel LANGHORNE:

SIR: The general commanding the military and naval forces of Virginia instructs me to direct you to proceed, without delay, to Lynchburg, Va., to assume a temporary charge of that district, and to make preparations of r the accommodation (food and shelter) of thirteen regiments of troops, shortly expected to arrive there, and such others as may arrive there from time to time, and report to you. Before going confer with Lieutenant-Colonel Heth, now temporarily in charge of the quartermaster's department in this city, as to the best mode of executing this service.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE, Norfolk, Va., April 26, 1861.

General ROBERT E. LEE, Commanding Virginia Forces:

SIR: In reply to your communication of yesterday's date, I have the honor to report that, in obedience to the orders of the governor, I proceeded to yorktown on Thursday, the 18th instant, accompanied by two assistants. Before leaving there on Saturday the from and position of a water battery on Gloucester Point was decided upon, that covers all the channel-way with fire, lying within two miles of the point. The battery will mount thirty-one guns, if twenty feet be allowed to each. If eighteen feet be sufficient, the number can be increased to thirty-four. The faces bearing on the channel above and below are arranged for five and nine guns, respectively. Those intermediate (fifteen) are arranged on the arc of a circle, containing about one hundred and twenty degrees. The lines of fire cross the channel lines so near that this part may be armed with 8-inch howitzers, while for the faces 8-inch columbiads should be provided. The faces of this battery converge towards the high ground northwest of the point. This high ground affords an advantageous site for a large field work for the defense of the position. No attempt was made to trace one on the ground. A very good position for a 6-gun battery was selected on the Yorktown side, near to the river bluff. An assistant, J. J. Clarke, who has had no

