HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 27, 1861.

I respectfully ask of the governor and council what arrangements have been made to enable the army of the State to take the field? Besides the necessary camp equipage, some means of transportation must be provided other than that furnished by the railroad companies. It will not always be possible to adhere to the railroad routes, and provision must be made for maneuvering in front of an enemy and for supplying troops with provisions, and at positions to be held or forced. Horses for the light batteries will be necessary, and wagons for local transportation. Are there any funds for these purposes, or how are they to be procured?*

Very respectfully,R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, April 27, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: You will direct Colonel T. J. Jackson to proceed to Harper's Ferry to organize into regiments the volunteer forces which have been called into the service of the State, and which may be assembled in the neighborhood. Direct him to report with as much dispatch as possible the number and description of the companies thus organized; the character and condition of their arms, and the names of the company officers present for duty, and where from; also, the names of all general, field, and staff officers now int he field in that command, that the Executive may have the information required for the proper organization of the regiments and brigades according to the ordinance of the Convention of April 21, 1861. You will place Colonel Jackson, for the present, in command of the troops in that locality, and give him such general instructions as may be required for the military defenses of the State. Direct him to make diligent inquiry as to the state of feeling in the northwestern portion of the State. If necessary, appoint a confidential agent for that purpose, but great confidence is placed in the personal knowledge of Major Jackson in this regard. If deemed expedient, he can assemble the volunteer forces of the northwest at such points as he may deem best, giving prompt information of the same. Promptness in all these matters is indispensable.

I am, very respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., April 27, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Virginia Volunteers, Camp near Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: You will proceed, without delay, to Harper's Ferry, Va., in execution of the orders of the governor of the State, and assume command of that post. After mustering into the service of the State such companies as may be accepted under your instructions, you will organize them into regiments or battalions, uniting, as far as possible,

---------------

*Answer not found.

---------------

