
companies from the same section of the State. These will be placed under their senior captains, until the field officers can be appointed by the governor. It is desired that you expedite the transfer of the machinery to this place, ordered to the Richmond Armory, should it not have been done, and that you complete, as fast as possible, any guns or rifles partially constructed, should it be safe and practicable. Your attention will be particularly directed to the safety of such arms, machinery, parts of arms, raw material, &amp;c., that may be useful, to insure which they must be at once sent into the interior, if in your judgment necessary. If any artillery companies offer their services, or are mustered into the service of the State, and are without batteries, report the facts.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., April 27, 1861.

General LEE, Commander-in-Chief:

Having succeeded in accomplishing the objects of taking up my temporary headquarters at this place, I proceed to-morrow morning to Culpeper Court-House, by the 6 o'clock train, which, as at present advised, will be my headquarters for some time to come. Colonel Jones, having arrived, will accompany me to Culpeper Court-House. I have arranged for my communications, through the medium of rail, wire, and courier, to headquarters, and I have, also, through a private chain of couriers (hence through Maryland to Baltimore), connected with General Steurart, in that city. My first volunteer aid, John S. Barbour, jr., remaining here, will receive dispatches at Alexandria.

PHILIP ST. GEO. COCKE.

ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., April 27, 1861.

Major-General LEE, Commanding Army and Navy of Virginia:

GENERAL: As your attention is so much monopolized by the personal applications of our rather unsystematized citizen soldiers, I prefer to put on paper what I have to say:

1st. Without your positive order I fear there will be a dangerous delay in removing the machinery from Harper's Ferry. Captain Carter, of this department, sent by me to take charge of and remove this machinery, writes me that it will take probably six weeks to remove it. From the tenor of his letter I conclude that there is a disposition from the surrounding citizens to hold back the removal. Would it not be best for you to instruct General Harper, in command, to push forward this matter?

2nd. As there is not room at the armory to work up and pack away all the ammunition for heavy ordnance, field pieces, and small-arms, I respectfully suggest that the laboratory work upon all ammunition for the heavy pieces for stationary batteries be done elsewhere than at the armory, and under the superintendence of a naval officer. Why not at Norfolk? If not there, I can get a large tobacco factory in this city. It is more than I can attend to, having but one officer in my department, and he away at Harper's Ferry. In conversing with Captain Minor, of

50 R R-VOL II

