
have left them for the present tranquil and firm; whilst at the same time I have provided to organize the few troops in that extreme outpost; to provide for strengthening the same for the present up to about one thousand men; to establishing my communications in every direction, and thence to these headquarters; to throw myself in connection with various persons and sources of information at Alexandria; to inform myself as correctly as possible as to the number, efficiency, movements, and animus of the enemy, and by every means in my power to urge on such and organization, drilling, and discipline of the troops of that post as would best prepare them for the trying position they occupy.

In coming here, sir, I find myself, as upon my first arrival in Alexandria, "with naked hands."

Colonel Jones, fortunately assigned to me as assistant adjutant-general, is the first Army officer to report for duty within my command. He promptly arrived in Alexandria last evening, and is with me here to-day. He will know what to do with his department, but I wand an assistant quartermaster-general, a chief of the medical department, and ordnance officer, a chief of military engineering of talent. I had heretofore insinuated a preference in this last connection. I want arms. I am expecting from fifteen hundred to two thousand guns from Harper's Ferry, when they shall be able to fit them up from the wreck of that place. I want a chief of artillery; I want powder; two or three batteries of field artillery (6-pounders), with caissons, ammunition, complete for service, &amp;c.

My part now will be to rally the men of the fine country around me, to establish camps of instruction, to wit: Leesburg, Warrenton, headquarters, and at or near Dangerfield, in supporting distance of Alexandria. I want camp equipage for the various encampments above indicated.

In regard to Harper's ferry, that most important strategic point on my left, and in connection with which I have not yet been able to place myself in a satisfactory attitude and connection owing to the lack of telegraph communication; of continued rail; for want of full understanding with the chief of command at that position; for want of the requisite and reliable information of all the various circumstances and conditions affecting the present military state of things at that post.

I have, since my arrival here, indicated the plan of sending Assistant Adjutant-General Jones, by rail, to-morrow, to that point, to obtain all such information, and to report to me accurately and fully the present condition of things there with as little delay as possible.

PHILIP ST. GEO. COCKE,

Brigadier-General, Potomac Department, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Numbers 7. Richmond, Va., April 28, 1861.

Colonel Thomas J. Jackson, Virginia Volunteers, having been assigned to the duty of mustering into service volunteers at Harper's Ferry and to the command of that place, Major General Kenton Harper, of the Virginia Militia, now in command there, and the militia troops under him, are relieved from duty until further orders. Great credit and commendation is due to General Harper and his command for the alacrity with which they came to the defense of that part of their State.

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

