
tions; but to hold the road for the benefit of Maryland and Virginia, and to prevent its being used against them. You will therefore endeavor to obtain the co operation of the officers of the road, and afford them, on your part, every assistance in your power. You will also endeavor to give quiet and security to the inhabitants of the country.

Major A. Loring, at Wheeling, has been directed, with the volunteer companies under his command, to give protection to the road, near its terminus, at the Ohio River, and you will place yourself in communication with him, and co-operate with him, if necessary.

Please state whether a for at Parkersburg will be necessary, and what number of companies can be furnished in that vicinity. You are requested to report the number of companies you may muster into the service of the State, their arms, condition, &amp;c., and your views as to the best means for the accomplishment of the object in view.

To enable you to supply any deficiency in arms in the companies, two hundred muskets, of the old pattern, flint-locks, will be forwarded by Colonel Jackson, the commanding officer at Harper's Ferry, to your order, from whence you must take measures to receive them and convey them in safety to their destination, under guard, if necessary. I regret that no other arms are at present for issue.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., April 30, 1861.

General WALTER GWYNN,

Commanding Virginia Forces, near Norfolk, VA.:

GENERAL: In the report of Colonel Andrew Talcott describing the defenses of Norfolk and Portsmouth, there is no mention of any projected work designed to prevent the ascent of the Nansemond River, by which it seems that attacking parties might approach the navy-yard from the west. Are defenses necessary in that quarter? It is desirable, so far as possible, to regulate the labor you may require in all your departments by the wants of the several departments, and to direct it to the best advantage, so as to limit the expense as much as possible.

Very respectfully,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., April 30, 1861.

Colonel C. DIMMOCK, Ordnance Department:

Major-General Lee directs that, with the knowledge of General Richardson, you will forward, in addition to the two hundred flint-lock muskets for the volunteers of Kanawha Valley, four iron 6-pounder cannon, dismounted, and twenty rounds of ammunition, and axles for the carriages, if they can be spared.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. BROOKE,

Lieutenant, Virginia Navy.

