
await at Strasburg further orders. All the machinery of the rifle factory, and everything of value therein,, will be also removed as rapidly as your means will permit. If the troops can be advantageously used in the removal of the machinery, they will be so employed. It is thought probable that some attack may be made upon your position from Pennsylvania, and you will keep yourself as well informed as possible of any movements against you. Should it become necessary to the defense of your position, you will destroy the bridge across the Potomac. You are particularly directed to keep you plans and operations secret, and endeavor to prevent their being published in the papers of the country.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Extracts form the proceedings of the Advisory Council of the State of Virginia.

THURSDAY, May 2, 1861.

An application from the governor of Missouri, communicated verbally by a special messenger, for arms and ordnance and for drawings of machinery, &c., necessary for their manufacture was brought before the council.

Advised unanimously that the governor of Missouri be supplied with copies of all the drawings at our command, but for the present it is out of our power to loan arms or ordnance stores.

* * * * *

The council unanimously advise that the governor send a special agent to the legislature of Maryland, to assure them of the sympathy of Virginia, and to say that should the legislature think proper to commit the power and authority of the States of Maryland, in co-operation with Virginia and the Confederate States, in resistance to the aggressions of the Government at Washington, then and in that case Virginia will afford all practicable facilities for the furtherance of such object, and will place such arms at the disposal of the Maryland authorities as she may have it in her power to give; and further, that the governor report to President Davis informing him of this action on the part of the State.

* * * * * *

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

RO. L. MONTAGUE.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 2, 1861.

General P. ST. GEORGE COCKE:

GENERAL: The commanding general has to-day ordered two hundred flint-lock muskets, with rounds of ammunition for each, to be sent without delay to Alexandria, for the troops in and around that point. You are requested to notify the officer in command of the fact.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

