
and muster into the service of the State volunteer companies from the counties of Alexandria, Fairfax, Loudoun, Prince William, Fauquier, Rappahannock, Culpeper, Madison, Greene, Orange, Albemarle, Nelson, Amherst, Campbell, Bedford, Roanoke, Botetourt, and Craig. the troops from the first five named counties may be directed to rendezvous at Leesburg and Warrenton, as you may find most advantageous. Those form the five next named at Culpeper Court-House; those from Albermale, Nelson, and Amherst at Charlottesville; the remainder at Lynchburg. The whole number of companies thus called into service, including those now in the service of the State and under your command, will not exceed ten regiments of infantry and rifles, two of cavalry, and eight companies of artillery. You will organize them into regiments, associating, as far as possible, companies from the same section of the State, and place them temporarily under such officers as may be available until their proper field officers can be appointed by the governor. it will be necessary to send officers to the respective rendezvous, to muster them into the service, and it is hoped that you will be able to rapidly organize the whole force. You are desired to report as soon as practicable the number of companies mustered into the service of the State, their arms, condition, &amp;c. You will give directions to the mustering officers to select form the companies that offer those that are best armed and instructed and give promise of efficient service.

Very respectfully, &c.

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 3, 1861.

Major General W. GWYNN, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: Under the authority of the governor of Virginia, by his proclamation of the 3rd instant, you are hereby authorized to call out and muster into the service of the State volunteer companies from the counties of Norfolk, Nansemond, Princess Anne, Southampton, Greensville, and the cities of Norfolk and Portsmouth, not exceeding, with the State troops already in the service and under your command, six regiments of infantry and artillery and four companies of cavalry. You will organize them into regiments, associating, as far as possible, companies from the same section of the State, and place them temporarily under such officers as may be available until their proper officers can be appointed by the governor. It is hoped that you will be able rapidly to organize the whole force, and, with the troops from Georgia, be prepared by land and water to defend your position. Should your force be inadequate, please report the fact; and, if the cavalry authorized be unnecessary, you can substitute for them an equal number of infantry or artillery companies. You are desired to report as soon as possible the number of companies mustered into the service of the State, their arms, condition, &c.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

