
NORFOLK, VA., May 3, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE, Commanding:

SIR: I am in receipt of telegraphic dispatches of this date, signed by Charles E. Talcott, superintendent of the Richmond and Danville Railroad, L. E. Harvie, and one from yourself, referring them to me. I feel confident I can hold the navy-yard against any force now apprehended; but, in order to insure its defense, there should be five thousand troops collected here as soon as possible.

WALTER GWYNN.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES, May 3, 1861.

Respectfully submitted for the information of his excellency Governor Letcher.

Five thousand volunteers, including those now in service at Norfolk, have been called out to-day. In addition, the Georgia and Alabama regiments are ordered there.

R. E. LEE,Major-General.

[HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,

Richmond, May 3, 1861.]

Major H. B. TOMLIN, Richmond, Va.,

(King William Court-House):

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that you have been appointed major of Virginia Volunteers. Your commission will be forwarded to you by the governor. Should you accept, you are hereby authorized, under the proclamation of the governor of Virginia, of the 3rd instant, to call out, from the counties of King William and New Kent, two companies of infantry or rifles and one company of artillery.

It is designed to place at West Point, King William County, a battery (from four to six guns), to prevent the ascent of hostile vessels, and guard the terminus of the railroad. The troops you have been ordered to collect are for the protection and defense of this battery. It will be constructed as soon as the proper officer can be obtained for the purpose, and you are desired to take post at that point, and do all in your power to forward the objects in view, and give instruction and discipline to the troops. You will report the number of companies mustered into the service, arms, condition, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, &c.,

THOS. J. PAGE,

Virginia Navy, Acting Aide-de-Camp.

RICHMOND, May 4, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Threatening demonstrations to recover Norfolk navy-yard made necessary to divert the Georgians at Weldon for Norfolk.

JNO. LETCHER.

51 R R-VOL II

