
It is advisable that you establish some troops at Martinsburg, or other more advantageous point, if your force will permit. I desire that you will report the amount of your present force and the number of volunteers that will probably respond to the call of the governor from the counties indicated in his proclamation.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 6, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel D. A. LANGHORNE, Lynchburg, Va.:

COLONEL: Under the authority of the governor of Virginia, by his proclamation of the 3rd instant, you are hereby authorized to call out and muster into the service of the State volunteer companies from the counties of Campbell, Bedford, Roanoke, Botetourt, Craig, Giles, Mercer, Tazewell, Wise, Buchanan, McDowell, Smythe, Wythe, Pulaski, Montgomery, Carroll, Floyd, Patrick, Henry, and Franklin, to rendezvous at Lychburg, Campbell County, not to exceed five regiments of infantry and riflemen and one regiment of cavalry. You will organize them into regiments, associating together, as far as possible, the troops from Campbell, Bedford, Roanoke, Botetourt, and Craig, and associate the troops from the other ave-named counties together, as far as possible, with reference to the sections of the State from which they come. Colonel J. A. Early has been directed to take command of the troops as mustered. Place them under such officers as may be available, until their proper field officers can be appointed by the governor, and, in event of his absence, you will perform this duty until his arrival. It is hoped that the whole force will be rapidly organized, and you are requested to report, as soon as possible, to number of companies mustered into the service of the State, their arms, condition, &c., and make arrangements for their provision, accommodation, &c.

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 6, 1861.

Colonel D. RUGGLES, Virginia Volunteers, Fredericksburg, Va.:

COLONEL: Captain Lynch, of the Navy, has been instructed to use the four guns first intended for Mathias Point to protect the approaches to Fredericksburg from the Potomac. You are instructed so to dispose of the force under your command as to aid, to the extent of your power, in this purpose. Measures must be taken to destroy the railroad approach, to wharf, &c., if our troops should be driven by force from its terminus, in such an effectual manner that they cannot be opened again by the enemy without great delay.

I am, sir, &c.,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

