
yard, as well as in other parts of my command, there has been, and still [is], the most cordial co-operation in all measures intended for the common defense, not only between Commodore Forrest and myself, but between all the officers of the Army and Navy in this command. As an illustration of this, I may mention that one of the most important posts of my command, viz, Fort Norfolk, is under the command of Captain Arthur Sinclair, of the Navy, including all the land forces stationed at that post.

The immediate occasion of the communication of Commodore Forrest, of which I sent you the copy, was the act of Captain Fairfax, ordnance officer, in taking possession without my knowledge of the whole supply of percussion caps within my control, the greater part of which, I understood, he was about to send off to Richmond under an order from Colonel Dimmock, which would have left my whole force inefficient. Besides which, I had not been able, notwithstanding my repeated requests, to get any sufficient information as to the quantity of munitions and stores in the navy-yard, which information was indispensable to the proper discharge of my duties. Under these circumstances I thought it best to send that communication to Commodore Forrest with a view to the prevention of further embarrassments and misunderstandings. I must add that I have not yet been able to get the inventory of the munitions and stores in the navy-yard, nor has the commodore made any reply to that part of the above-mentioned communication. I trust, however, that your communication will remove all doubt upon the point of difference above indicated.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER GWYNN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Forces in Norfolk Harbor.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Harper's Ferry, Va., May 6, 1861.

General LEE, Commander-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I assumed command of this post on Monday last, soon after my arrival here. Since that time I have been busily occupied organizing the command and mustering the troops into service. I send herewith a report of the strength for May 4.* To-morrow I will give you a more detailed account of the forces, equipments, &amp;c. All the troops have been mustered into service, except some companies on detached service. I have occupied the Virginia and Maryland Heights, and I am about fortifying the former with block-houses of sufficient strength to resist an attempt to carry them by storm. Whenever the emergency calls for it, I shall construct similar works on the Maryland Heights. Thus far I have been deterred from doing so by a desire to avoid giving offense to the latter State. If you have an experienced engineer officer, I hope that you will order him here, if you have no duty for him elsewhere. There are four 6-pounder guns here without caissons. I respectfully request that you will send the caissons, and also two 6-pounder batteries and two extra 12-pounder howitzers, all fully supplied with ammunition, horses, equipments, and everything necessary for being turned over to companies now waiting for them. Reliable information has been received that the Federal troops are at the Relay House. As

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

