
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., May 7, 1861.

Major General ROBERT E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: You will assume the command of all the volunteers, or other forces from other States, who have or may hereafter report for duty or tender their services to the State of Virginia, until orders are received from the President of the Confederate States in reference to the same.

JOHN LETCHER.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 7, 1861.

Colonel P. ST. GEORGE COCKE, Culpeper Court-House, Va.:

COLONEL: The general commanding is in want of information from you as to the strength and organization of your command, and begs that you will supply him with it at the earliest moment. The return due on the 1st instant, by General Orders, Numbers 4, has not been received. The general desires particularly to know with what force you can take the field, provided any movement is made against you from Washington; how it would be composed, officered, and what service could be counted on from it.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 7, 1861.

To SECRETARY OF WAR:

Major Shivers received orders from Governor Letcher to-day to move on Harper's Ferry with four companies of my regiment, five hundred men, which arrived last night, and had made preparations to move to-morrow morning. I have just arrived with two hundred and twenty-six men. Two companies yet behind. There are satisfactory raisons for postponing this movement. I have countermanded the order, not being subject to Governor Letcher's orders, and wait instructions from War Department. Shall I obey Governor Letcher and proceed when my regiment is complete? Climate of Harper's Ferry will affect my men's health, which is one of the reasons refereed to.

A. G. BLANCHARD,

Colonel Louisiana Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 7, 1861.

Colonel J. B. BALDWIN, Inspector-General:

COLONEL: Under authority of the governor, by his proclamation of the 3rd instant, you are authorized to call and muster into the service of the State volunteers from the counties of Pittsylvania, Halifax, Charlotte, Mecklensburg, Brunswick, Grayson, Nottoway, Prince Edward, Appomattox, Buckingham, Louisa, Hanover, Goochland, Powhatan, Cumberland, Henrico, Amelia, Fluvanna, and the city of Richmond, to rendezvous at Richmond, not to exceed seven regiments of infantry and riflemen, one regiment of cavalry, and six batteries of artillery, of four

