HEADQUARTERS, Fredericksburg, Va., May 8, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,Adjutant-General Volunteer Forces, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the commanding general, that I located a battery at the Aquia Creek Railroad Landing this morning, and placed it under the charge of Major T. H. Williamson, Engineers, for completion.

In the absence of Captain Lynch, of the Navy, for whom I have dispatched a messenger, I have directed Captain Thourburn to put the guns in position and make the necessary preparation for service. It is my exsection that the battery will be in measure completed within forty-eight hours. Measures will be taken to give the requisite protection.

I respectfully recommend that a battery of four 32-pounders be established on the Rappahannock river, at Bristol Mines or Tappahannock, with as little delay as is practicable.

I transmit a memorandum of a statement made yesterday my Messrs. John T. Washington and John H. Stuart, of King George County, Virginia. Measures were taken immediately by dispatching mounted men to intercept and recover the slaves supposed to have escaped, but thus far without satisfactory results.

Repeated applications have been made to me from counties bordering on the Rappahannock on both sides, along the Northern Neck, for instructions preliminary to enrollment as volunteers, from the fact, doubtlessly, that they were within my original jurisdiction. I am instructed by General Cocke to embrace my original limits until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Forces.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS, Fredericksburg, Va., May 7, 1861-4 p. m.

Statement of Mr. John T. Washington, of Hampstead P. O., King George County, Virginia.

That he was one of the patrol on last night, 6th instant, starting on duty about 10 p. m., with some six or seven others, and that upon his return home the following morning, about sunrise, he discovered that five of his negro men had packed up their clothing and abscond, and, from some tracks he discovered, thinks they moved in the direction of Fredericksburg.

Upon making inquiries he found that Mr. John Hill Stuart had missed two of his negro men, Dr. A. B. Hooe two of his, Mr. Custis Grymes two of his, Mr. H. M. Tennent two of his, Mr. Quisenberry one of his, Mr. John H. Washington two of his, and Mrs. Virginia Washington two of hers.

The above-named persons were all whom he had an opportunity of hearing from, and as they all had missed some of their negroes, he infers that his neighbors generally have suffered.

Mr. Washington also stated that the patrol visited seven estates upon the night of the 6th instant, and that upon six of the estates they saw but one negro men each and upon the order but two negro men.

JOHN T. WASHINGTON.

JOHN H. STUART.

