HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 9, 1861.

Major WILLIAM E. JONES, Virginia Volunteers, Abingdon, Va.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that have been appointed major in the Virginia volunteers. Under the authority of the governor, by his proclamation of the 3rd instant, you are directed to call out and muster into the service of the State volunteer companies from the counties of Washington, Russell, Scott, and lee, to rendezvous at Abingdon. The whole number of companies so called into service must not exceed two mounted companies and eight companies of infantry and riflemen. You will proceed to organize them into a regiment, and make arrangements for their instruction, subsistence, &amp;c. You will report, as soon as possible, their number, condition of arms, &c., and hold them in readiness for prompt movement. To aid in their armament five hundred of the best arms for issue will be sent to you, which you will distribute at your discretion, taking the proper receipt, &c., from each captain for the security of the State.

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POTOMAC DEPARTMENT,Culpeper Court-House, Va., May 9, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT:

I send herewith a copy of the orders under which I assumed command of officers of all grades on the line of the Potomac, along the entire boundary of the State as marked by said river, holding commission as brigadier-general of volunteers, by authority of the governor and council, and confirmed by the Convention.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

PHILIP ST. GEO. COCKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Potomac Department.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 21, 1861.

The council of state, in absence of the governor, directs that officers of all grades on the line of the Potomac shall obey the orders of General R. St. George Cocke, who has been assigned by the governor to the command of that section of the military operations of the State bounded by said river.

By order of the council of state:

JOHN J. ALLEN,

President of the Council.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Harper's Ferry, May 9, 1861.

Major-General LEE, Commander Virginia Forces:

GENERAL: If this place is attacked, we may expect the enemy to make a free use of rifled cannon, in addition to field artillery, and possibly larger caliber.

