
An early report of the condition and resources of your command is desired. Requisitions upon the staff departments here will be filled as far as possible, and, for articles admitting of no delay you are authorized to call on Colonel Cocke.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,

Numbers 13. Richmond Va., May 10, 1861.

The following telegraphic dispatch has this day been received, and is published for the information of all concerned:

MONTGOMERY, ALA., May 10, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

To prevent confusion, you will assume the control of the forces of the Confederate States in Virginia, and assign them to such duties as you may indicate, until further orders, for which this will be your authority.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

Officers of the Confederate States Army now serving in Virginia will accordingly report (by letter) to the adjutant-general of the Virginia forces their present stations, the nature of the orders under which they are acting, and, if in command of troops, their numbers and organization.

By command of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

GRAFTON, VA., May 10, 1861.

General R. E. LEE:

SIR: Being pressed for time and deeming it necessary to communicate with you at once, I white from this point on the 7th instant, giving my views hastily as regards the best policy to be pursued in order to carry out my instructions. I am fully confirmed in the opinions there given, as I have since had an opportunity of posting myself by visiting some of adjacent counties. The feeling in nearly all of our counties is very bitter, and nothing is left undone by the adherents of the old Union to discourage those who are disposed to enlist in the service of the State. I find that organizations exist in most of the counties pledged to the support of what they term the Union. We have various rumors about forces being sent from Ohio and Pennsylvania for the purpose of holding the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at Grafton. I have no doubt from the confidence and bearing of the Union men in and around here that they are expecting aid from some quarter.

While I deem it absolutely necessary for us to hold this point immediately, I think it impracticable to undertake it with the very small force which could be gotten here soon.

I see no other alternative than to send forces from the east for the present. This section is verging on a state of actual rebellion, and many men who are true and loyal to the State are afraid to leave their families among men who recognize as a leader John S. Carlile, who openly proclaims that the laws of the State should not be recognized.

