
If forces are sent, I think we should have at least one battery. I think five hundred men will be sufficient to quell any disturbance which might arise if a smaller force were sent.

As regards the necessity of a force at Parkersburg, I am clearly of opinion that troops should be assembled there immediately. I most respectfully commend to your consideration the name of Judge W. L. Jackson, formerly second auditor and afterwards lieutenant-governor of the State, as a suitable person to appoint to the command at that point. Judge Jackson is a gentleman of very great personal popularity, not only with his own party, but with those who are diametrically opposed to him politically, and I am satisfied could exert more influence towards conciliating that any other gentleman who could be appointed. I consider it unnecessary to say more of the judge, as he is known throughout the State to be devoted to the interest of Virginia, and will stand by her to the last extremity. I have recently had a conversation with him, and he will accept the command if tendered him.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS M. BOYKIN, JR.,

Major, Virginia Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Numbers 39. Richmond, Va., May 10, 1861.

I. To facilitate the organization and instruction of the troops, Colonel D. Ruggles, of the Provisional Army of Virginia, will take command of those called into service from the counties of Stafford, Spottsylvania, Caroline, King George, Westomoreland, and take measures for the security of those counties, and those upon the Rappahannock below Fredericksburg.

* * * * * *

IV. Colonel T. J. Jackson, Virginia volunteers, will command the troops at Harper's Ferry, those called from the counties to rendezvous at that place and those directed to rendezvous at Stauton.

* * * * * *

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 10, 1861.

Colonel DANIEL RUGGLES,

Provisional Army of Virginia, Fredericksburg, Va.:

COLONEL: In carrying into effect Special Orders, Numbers 39, you are desired to use all the means in your power to advance the instruction and discipline of your command. For this purpose you will place the troops at or near points where they will probably be needed, and it is hoped, as it will be impossible to furnish tents at present, that you may procure buildings, or erect huts or plank sheds, for their protection, which will enable you to remove them from the towns, accustom them to the necessities of service, and enable them to prepare for it. You must establish rigid discipline, and endeavor to place with each command competent officers as instructors, though they may be of inferior rank to the respective commanders. I know that officers and men are in-

