
to be supported by sufficient reserves, under arms in camp and in advance guard out on the line of march. Duryea to push out two pickets at 10 p. m., one also two and a half miles beyond Hampton, on the county road, but not so far as to alarm the enemy. This in important. Second picket half as far as the first, both pickets as much out of sight as possible. No one, whomsoever, to be allowed to pass out thorough their lines. Persons to allowed to pass inwards, unless it appeared they intend to go around about and dodge through the point. At 12 o'clock p. m. (midnight) Colonel Duryea will march his regiment, with twenty rounds cartridges, in the county road toward Little Bethel; scows to be provided to ferry them across Hampton Creek.

A howitzer, with canister and shrapnel, to go, and a wagon with planks and materials to repair New Market Bridge. Duryea to have the 200 rifles; he will pick the men to whom they are intrusted. Rockets to be thrown up from Newport News. Notify Commodore Pendergrast of this, to prevent general alarm. Newport News movement to be made somewhat latter, as the distance is somewhat less. If we find the enemy and surprise them we will fire a volley if desirable, not reload, and go ahead with the bayonet. As the attack is to be made at night, or the gray of the morning, and in two detachments, our people should have some taken, say a white rag, or nearest approach to white attainable, on the left arm. Perhaps the detachments who are engaged in the expedition should be smaller than a regiment.

If we capture the Little Bethel men, push on to Big Bethel and similarly capture them. Burn up both the Bethels. Blow up, if brick. To protect our rear in case we take either field pieces, and the enemy should march the main body, if there are any, to recover them, it would be well to have a party of competent artillerists, regular or otherwise, to handle the captured guns on the retirement for our main body; also spikes to spike them. George Scott is to have a revolver. And in pursuance of these orders is issued the following order early Sunday evening:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAMP HAMILTON, June 9, 1861.

Numbers 12.

A plan of attack to-night is herewith inclosed and forwarded to Colonel Duryea, commanding Fifth Regiment of New York State Volunteers, who will act accordingly, Colonel Townsend, commanding Third Regiment of New York State Volunteers, will march his command in support of Colonel Duryea. Colonel Carr, commanding the Second Regiment New York State Volunteers, will detach the artillery company of his regiment with their field pieces, and take their position at the burned bridge, near Hampton. Colonels Allen Carr, and McChesney will hold their entire command in readiness, fully prepared to march at a moment's notice. All the troops will be supplied with one day's rations, and each man with twenty rounds of ball cartridges; and, that no mistake may be made, all the troops as they charge, will shout "Boston." Colonel Allen, Carr, Townsend, Duryea, and McChesney will govern themselves accordingly.

By command of Brigadier General E. W. Pierce:

R. A. PIERCE, Brigade Major.

And, in compliance with this order, Colonel Duryea sent out two pickets at 10 o'clock p. m., two and one-half miles beyond Hampton, on the county road, with orders to keep out of sight as much as possible, allowing persons to pass in, but none to pass out. At twenty minutes past 12 o'clock (midnight) Colonel Duryea passed the remainder of his command over the river at Hampton, and pushed on for Little Bethel, having now upon that side of the river some 850 men. He was followed about two hours after by the Third Regiment New York State Volunteers, colonel Townsend, with 850 men, and a detachment from Colonel Carr's regiment, with two mountain howitzers, under the direction of

