
respective countries. In the mean time I shall be glad to know if I must send on to Harper's Ferry those companies which are entirely unarmed. Three of the companies are raw and undisciplined, although the material of which they are composed is very fine.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Volunteers.

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, VIRGINIA FORCES,

Staunton, May 15, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER, Governor of Virginia:

DEAR SIR: By direction of Major-General Lee, I will start to-day the arms, &amp;c., intended for the Northwest, under escort of Captain F. F. Sterrett's company of cavalry. I have also, in furtherance of the plan concurred in by Colonel F. H. Smith, ordered Captain Felix H. Hull, who is now here, to proceed at once to Highland and gather two hundred men, including his company, to accompany Captain Sterrett's command. I have further issued the following orders: to Captain Moorman, of Pendleton, to repair at once to Monterey with two hundred men, if possible, including his company; to Captains Stover and McNeil, of Pocahontas, to repair to Huttonsville, each with one hundred and fifty men, if possible, including his company; they severally to unite their commands with Captain Sterrett's and proceed to Beverly. I have ordered Colonel Goff, of the last-named place, to collect the volunteer forces of Randolph and such other force of men as he can gather, and I have directed each and all of these officers to bring with them such supply of arms and ammunition as they could without delay procure. I now respectfully invite you to issue at once to Colonel Goff, or such other person as may seem good to you, such orders and directions, with regard to this expedition in aid of the Northwest, as may appear expedient. My aim is that it shall reach its destination (Grafton, of thought proper) at least by the day of election; at this last point it will be in communication by rail with Harper's Ferry and may from thence be re-enforced or vice versa.

I shall also send with the expedition at least a wagon load of bacon, to avoid a possibility of a want of provisions.

Hoping that my action in this matter may meet with your approval, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. G. HARMAN.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, May 15, 1861.

Referred to General Lee for his information and such action as he may direct.

By order:

S. BASSETT FRENCH, A. D. C.

WINCHESTER, VA., May 15, 1861.

General ROBERT E. LEE, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I returned yesterday from Harper's Ferry, where I spent two days, as a deeply interested, however unskilled, observer of military affairs in this quarter. I am glad to say, so far as I could tell,

