
last orders in regard to the troops from Campbell, Bedford, Botetourt, Roanoke, and Craig (letter from Major-General Lee, of May 9). Am I to organize a regiment out of said troops, and give Colonel Radford the command of it, or shall I give him command of the whole, including the cavalry companies, and order him to report with them to Colonel Cocke? Shall I send off said troops before they are armed, or wait for their arms?

Lieutenant-Colonel Langhorne informs me that he received instructions to send Captain Moorman's company (called the Beauregard Rifles) to Richmond, to be armed. The order, however, has been mislaid, and, as he may have misunderstood its tenor, and the instructions are inconsistent with the orders to me to send the troops from Campbell, &amp;c., to Colonel Cocke, I have thought proper to wait for further orders, which, for dispatch, can be sent by telegraph, if the company is to be sent to Richmond.

A Mr. Eugene Carrington has exhibited to me an order from Major Ficklin, quartermaster, appointing him transportation agent here, and directing all orders for transportating troops, &c., from this place to emanate from him. I had thought that the quartermaster here would have control of the arrangements for transportation from this point, but I confess I am little acquainted with such matters, and I submit whether the appointment by Major Ficklin of a transportation agent here (while there is a quartermaster here) is regular.

I hardly think much can be done in the way of arming cavalry companies with double-barreled guns in this region. A number of the men have not got them, and have not the means of purchasing them if they were to be had.

You will pardon the length of this letter, but I thought it better to embrace all the matters about which I want instructions, and about which it is necessary to communicate with you, in one letter than several.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. EARLY,

Colonel, Volunteers, Commanding at Lynchburg, Va.

WILLIAMSBURG, VA., May 16, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Virginia Forces:

SIR: A reply to your communication of the 14th instant, as well as to the reference to me of Colonel Mallory's letter of the 13th, directed to Governor Letcher, is continued in the following statement:

Immediately on my return here, learning that Yorktown had been threatened by a U. S. steamer, and that a creek, a short distance below, had been entered by a barge, filled with men, with as little delay as practicable I sent the Irwin Guard, to protect, to the extent their strength would allow, the citizens of the town and county near; and, on the same day, went there myself. After careful inquiry, I came to the conclusion that no landing was contemplated or had been, and that the alarm was groundless.

From Yorktown I went to Hampton, for the purpose of calling into service the volunteer force in the vicinity. On the road I was informed of the demonstrations (alluded to in letter of Colonel Mallory) by the garrison of Fort Monroe, and, in consequence, determined to see Colonel Dimick, at present commandant of the fort, and ascertain, if possible, the cause of the encroachment. On the 14th (Thursday) I requested

