HDQRS. MARYLAND VOLS. SERVING IN VIRGINIA, May 17, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Pursuant to instructions from Colonel Jackson, based upon a letter to me from Colonel French, aide-de-camp to his excellency Governor Letcher, I have this day assumed command of the Maryland volunteers in this State. Numbers of the men, and especially a large number of the most valuable of the officers, have gone to Richmond and other points in Virginia. As it is very desirable that all the Maryland men should be together, I respectfully request an order to be issued for them to report here, or at such other point as the General-in-Chief may designate. I can control about three thousand two hundred of active and generally well-drilled men from Baltimore and vicinity. Until better arms can be procured, I shall proceed to arm them with the flint lock muskets issued to Mr. T. Parkin Scott, of Baltimore, by Governor Letcher.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. THOMAS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

There are some of the Maryland volunteers who object to serving under Colonel Thomas, and, in order to secure their services, I would suggest that they be mustered into the service of the Southern Confederacy, and that none except those who muster into the service of Virginia be placed under the command of Colonel Thomas.

T. J. JACKSON,

Colonel, Virginia Volunteers, Commanding at Harper's Ferry.

ABINGDON, VA., May 18, 1861.

Major-General LEE,

Commander-in-Chief, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I respectfully inclose herewith a copy of the instructions under which I return to Virginia.* Debility compelled me to stop at this place. I except to be in Lynchburg during Monday, and beg you to convey to me by telegraph any information you can communicate, which you think of interest to my command, especially in relation to supplies of ammunition and provisions. Should the contemplated conditions justify it, I request that the two officer named in the postscript (should it meet their own views) may be ordered to join me forthwith. The President intends to assemble an army near Harper's Ferry. I suggested the proviso, because it seemed to me likely that Lieutenant-Colonel Pemberton might be at the head of the artillery of the State.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 19, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE A. PORTERFIELD,

Commanding, &c., Grafton, Taylor County, Va.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 16th instant is at hand. One thousand muskets and rifles and some ammunition have been sent from Staunton

---------------

*See Cooper to Johnston, May 15, 1861, p. 844.

---------------

