
armed, order it to report to the commanding officer at Culpeper Court-House. In regard to staff officers of experience, the general regrets to inform you that there are none to be had at present, and hopes that you will be able to instruct those you already have until they shall become useful.

I am, &amp;c.,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 20, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Commanding, &c., Williamsburg, Va.:

COLONEL: I have received your letter of the 16th instant, in relation to your visit to Hampton, for the purpose of calling into the service of the State the volunteers from that region. Your report, in reference to affairs at Fort Monroe, is satisfactory, and it is hoped your arrangements for procuring information will be sufficient to secure intelligence of what transpires.

You will give orders to Major Cary, commanding the camp of instruction and observation, to attned rigidly to the instruction and discipline of the troops, to keep a strict watch on all military movements, and to keep you advised. He will endeavor to quiet the apprehension of the citizens, act strictly on the defensive, and be ready at all times to take the field, under such orders as he may receive from you. Four hundred percussion muskets, with a supply of ammunition, have been ordered to King's Mill for you.

The battery at Yorktown, with those of Gloucester Point and West Point, is under the general charge of Captain Whittle, of the Navy. Major Montague is in command of the troops stationed there for their protection, &c. The troops and operations below Yorktown are under your control and direction. There are no cadets available for duty with you. It is hoped that some young officers, acquainted with military instruction, may be sent you. The general decides, as you will perceive by the inclosed paper, that no question of rank can arise between yourself and Colonel Mallory, who is not on service. You are in command of the Sixty-eighth and One hundred and fifteenth Regiments of Militia, and invested with authority to call out such portions of those regiments as you may judge necessary to support the volunteer force.

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 20, 1861.

Colonel WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding, &c., Gloucester Point, Va.:

COLONEL: As I see, from your letter of the 19th instant, that no increase to your force has been received, and, as I desire it to be augmented to a regiment of infantry, in addition to the cavalry and artillery now in service, I have directed Captain Thomas L. Preston to repair to Gloucester Point, with a view of aiding you in calling the volunteers into the service of the State from the counties of King and

