
construction of the field works in question or to point out the plan. It is beyond doubt that the land approach to Yorktown is in greater need of protection that the water. If the defense of Yorktown had not been within my control, as it was before Major Montague was sent there, it would not be proper for me to write of it as I have done. Under the circumstances there is, I hope, no impropriety in addressing you on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Virginia Volunteers.

NORFOLK, VA., May 21, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General:

Troops in large numbers are arriving at Fort Monroe. In order to man and properly protect the batteries, so many men are required, and so many points of attack are threatened, that I feel it my duty to call at once for and additional force of not less than four thousand men. I am informed that the governor of North Carolina would send me a large force. Can I call on him?

WALTER GWYN.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, Va., May 21, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Virginia Forces:

GENERAL: Since this place has been strengthened by additional troops and artillery, so as to give confidence to our people, there has been a manifest improvement in public sentiment in this county; but I regret to say that in Berkeley things are growing worse, and that the treats from Union men are calculated to curb the expression of Southern feeling. While I have been unwilling to diminish the force here, yet, for the purpose of checking the disloyalty there, I have ordered the regiment from Jefferson opposite Williamsport. You speak of concern at the want of alacrity on the part of companies west of here. This is partly due to their unarmed condition and want of a secure place of rendezvous. If no better plan is practicable, I would suggest that a force destined for the northwest be assembled, ostensibly for the defense of this part of the State, at Winchester, or some point near here, and that the moment that the governor's proclamation announces the ratification by the people of the ordinance of secession, such troops be put in the cars, as though they were coming to this place, but that they be immediately thrown into the northwest, and at once crush our opposition. This force need remain there only for a short time, until the local ones could be armed. You will pardon me for urging promptness in what is to be done for that section of the State. Any want of this may be disastrous.

I send herewith a letter from Captain Shriver, of Wheeling, who has been on a visit here. I wrote to Colonel Garnett that Colonel Huger had gone on to Richmond, for the purpose of procuring whatever may be necessary for the efficiency of the heavy batteries; but I regret to learn that he has been delayed by sickness on his way. Should he not reach Richmond before this letter, please forward a large supply of ammunition for ten 24-pounder guns, if it can spared. Should Colonel

