
collision between our scouts. I could only gather from him that it was "a military necessity" for him to occupy our land for an encampment, and that he could only say that, if he was not interfered with by bodies of armed troops, he would molest no one. He indicated his determination to take possession of anything which he might deem necessary for his use. In accordance with these principles he has taken three of Colonel Mallory's negroes, which he had refused to give up on application. I dispatched to Colonel Ewell a detailed account of a reconnaissance which they made on yesterday to this place.* They marched a regiment of about eight hundred men, supported by a battery of six brass pieces, and perhaps a still further reserve. I presume Colonel Ewell has forwarded it to you. They are now encamping, or rather apparently selecting their ground, about three-fourths of one mile distant from this place. I demanded of General Butler that he should see into the reason of Colonel Ewell's arrest, which he promised me, just as he left (when for the first time I heard of it), that the matter should be attend to. If he is not released in the morning I shall make a more formal demand under a flag of truce. As it will take my messenger nearly all night to reach the river connection in the morning, I must bring this to an abrupt close, craving your indulgence for its desultory character.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. CARY,

Major Artillery, Virginia Volunteers.

P. S.-Lieutenant Cutshaw will give detailed information in regard to the invasion yesterday.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, Va., May 24, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I forward herewith copies of correspondence between General J. E. Johnson, of the C. S. Army, and myself. Major Whiting has taken charge of the defenses.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Colonel Virginia Vols., Commanding at Harper's Ferry, Va.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., May 24, 1861.

Colonel JACKSON,

Virginia Forces:

COLONEL: Will you oblige me by having the inclosed order copied and distributed to the different regiments?

Very respectfully,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

ORDERS, No.-.] HARPER'S FERRY, VA., May 24, 1861.

In obedience to the orders of the Secretary of War, the undersigned assumes the command of the troops at and in the vicinity of this place.

Major E. E. McLean, C. S. Army, will take the direction of the operations of the Quartermaster's Department; Major W. H. C. Whiting those of the Engineer Corps.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

---------------

*See p.35.

---------------

