
demoralization and alarm throughout the State, from the fact that a successful invasion of our soil had been effected. The position of the enemy once attained between the Potomac and the Rappahannock Rivers, a fertile region, filled with supplies and resources, would, from its natural advantages, become a most important possession, from which it would difficult to dislodge him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Colonel, Provisional Army, Commanding Forces.

MAY 25TH.

P. S.-The possession of Alexandria by the enemy exposes the left flank of my line to his approach, and to protect which I am now making preparations.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 25, 1861.

Colonel BENJ. S. EWELL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Williamsburg, Va.:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Major-General Lee to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 21st instant, and to inform you that he approves of your views respecting the defense of Hampton. Adjutants of battalions or regiments must be appointed from the lieutenants belonging to the battalion or regiment. They cannot be taken from the ranks. If Mr. Taliaferro is elected a lieutenant of one of the companies under you command General Lee will request the governor to commission him, and you can then appoint him your adjutant. Field pieces have been sent to Colonel Magruder at Yorktown. General Lee has not heard whether the lines are begun at Williamsburg. Will you please to inform him if they are under way and what progress has been made in their construction? No time should be lost in completing these works. They are of great importance, and a large force should be employed on them. You are requested to inform him what force you have working on these lines, and, if insufficient, whether you cannot increase it from the neighboring country. Colonel Magruder has been written to upon this subject.

I am, &c.,

JNO. A. WASHINGTON,

Aide-de-Camp, &c.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 25, 1861.

General BENJ. HUGER,

Commanding Virginia Forces, Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: I wish to call your attention to the condition of Craney Island. It is the first point that will arrest the passage of a vessel to Norfolk; it is the most exposed and the least prepared for defense. I cannot urge upon you too strongly the necessity of putting it in good condition. More troops should be ordered there, and laborers, if practicable. If laborers cannot be obtained, the troops must work at the trenches at that point and all others within your lines of defense. A North Carolina regiment will leave here to-morrow for your post.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

