
to collect as large a force of laborers as you can. It is hoped that, you the united exertions of yourself and Captain Preston, more troops shall be collected from the counties of Matthews, Gloucester, and King and Queen. We have no troops here to send you.

I am, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 25, 1861.

Honorable L. POPE WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: Being very much embarrassed in furnishing the troops which have been called into service by the State of Virginia with arms, ammunition, and the necessary accouterments, on account of the limited supply and the small size of our arsenal and workshops, I beg leave to suggest that the troops ordered to this State may come provided with arms, ammunition, cartridge-boxes, knapsacks, haversacks, and all other necessary equipments, and that their organization be as complete as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., May 25, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General Virginia Forces:

COLONEL: Subsequent to mailing to you yesterday the communication in which I refused to recognize General J. E. Johnston's authority to assume command here, I was furnished with the following indorsement on an application:

Referred to General J. E. Johnston, commanding officer at Harper's Ferry.

By order of Major-General Lee:

JOHN A. WASHINGTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

Immediately on receiving this information I complied with General Johnston's request, and published his order assuming command.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Colonel Virginia Volunteers.

YORKTOWN, VA., May 25, 1861.

Major J. B. CARY,

Commanding near Hampton:

SIR: I have not been able to see Colonel Ewell since my arrival here. We learn from Mr. White, a member of your troop, that you are probably at Back River, and that you have been joined by a company of rifles and one of artillery, the latter with two or three pieces. If so, you must be very careful not to be cut off by a larger party getting in your rear. It would be difficult for you to bring off your pieces if the enemy got in your rear. You will therefore keep mounted sentinels at night at or near Newport News wharf, on your right, and at all the proper points on your left; and should you discover a design to cut you off, you must withdraw in time to prevent it. It would be very desirable

