
H. Terrett, commanding at Alexandria, and to Colonel P. St. George Cocke, at Culpeper Court-House, whose commands are embraced within his district, and are put under his control.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 26, 1861.

Colonel J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Yorktown, Va.:

COLONEL: I have received your communication of the 25th instant. In reply, I would state that I do not think it advisable to receive the company of cavalry from Gloucester. The Varina Troop, Captain Abner Aiken, and a company from Charles City County, have already been ordered to you. The sufficiency of forage, to which you have alluded, and the unsuitability of the country for the action of cavalry, densely covered as it is by woods and intersected by creeks, nearly render it necessary to diminish the number of companies which you were yesterday informed would be sent you. I request that you will inform me how many companies you will need and how many can be provided for, as it is impossible to send you forage from Richmond.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES.,Richmond, Va., May 26, 1861.

Colonel DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commanding, Fredericksburg, Va.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 24th instant is at hand. The commanding general desires you to report what number of companies you have called out and mustered into the service in the lower counties of the Rappahannock and Potomac Rivers, what description of troops they are, and where they are now stationed. If, after the arrival of the Second Regiment Tennessee Volunteers and the battery of four 6-pounders, you deem your force still insufficient to hold the enemy in check until other re-enforcements could reach you, it is suggested that you might draw from the counties before mentioned such companies as might be best spared from their present localities. If your mounted force is not already sufficient, and the service of Captain Cauthorn's company is deemed indispensable, you can muster it into service.

I am, &c.,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, Va., May 26, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General Virginia Forces, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I respectfully transmit herewith a statement of the amount of ammunition on hand.

The quantity in possession of the troops does not exceed twelve or fifteen rounds, the force in this vicinity being about five thousand two

