
FALLS OF KANAWHA, VA., May 27, 1861.

Adjutant-General GARNETT,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have this moment an express from Lieutenant-Colonel McCausland, at Buffalo, dated yesterday, stating, "The Government has sent two hundred men to Gallipolis, and will have six hundred more there to-day. We are informed that they are intended to attack this camp. Send down all the troops you have." In addition to this, reliable information reaches me that large numbers of troops are concentrating at Oak Hill, twenty-three miles back of Gallipolis, and also at other places along the border. My idea is that these troops have been thrown into this proximity in order to overawe the loyal citizens of that region. For further particulars I beg leave to refer you to the bearer of this, Mr. David Kirkpatrick, a resident of this valley, and a well-informed man.

Very respectfully,

C. Q. TOMPKINS,

Colonel, Virginia Volunteers, Commanding.

FALLS OF KANAWHA, VA., May 27, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General:

SIR: I avail myself of a few moments' delay of the stage to explain more fully the nature of my communication this morning. I consider it of sufficient importance for the employment of a special messenger, and accordingly have instructed the bearer, Mr. Kirkpatrick, to convey this in person, and to telegraph from Stauton its import. I shall of course proceed to Buffalo as rapidly as possible. The idea is that the enemy intend crossing the Ohio River, to attack the camps at Buffalo. Unless they come in greatly superior force, we shall drive them back. On the other hand, if his numbers are large and the disaffection of the inhabitants strongly evinced, I shall take the most defensible position I may find, and rally the volunteers now in process of formation in the adjoining counties. Great excitement prevails in this region. The divided sentiment of the people adds to the confusion, and, except the few loyal companies now mustered into the service of the State, there are few of the people who sympathize with the secession policy. I send a special messenger (Mr. Kirkpatrick), because he is familiar with the whole of Ohio border, and can give you valuable information as to the resources, distances, &amp;c. Mr. Kirkpatrick is reliable and intelligent. It is very desirable that Mr. Kirkpatrick should be the purveyor of some supplies for the troops which cannot be procured here. I beg that the quartermaster may be instructed to forward by him material for tents, three hundred blankets, five hundred cartridge-boxes (musket), and ten thousand percussion caps (rifle), &c.

In great haste, yours, respectfully,

C. Q. TOMPKINS,

Colonel, Virginia Volunteers, Commanding.

MAY 28, 1861.

Colonel GARNETT:

COLONEL: Direct Captain Barron to have his steamer ready for river service. Send some troops to Jamestown, to protect that battery. The

