
send down, under cover of a large detachment, to bring up property, and to send to Lieutenant-Colonel Ewell and myself one-half of all the negroes in their counties, to fortify the different points, while this expedition is going on near Hampton.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Commanding Hampton Line.

P. S.-Captain Lambert, assistant quartermaster, and Captain Meade, of the Engineers, have arrived.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 30, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Harper's Ferry, Va.:

SIR: While at Manassas I made the following arrangements of light troops: A corps of observation, of cavalry and infantry, has been established, under Colonel Ewell, in advance of Fairfax Court-House, the right extending towards Occoquan, the left to the Leesburg road. Colonel Eppa Hunton, commanding at Leesburg, has been ordered to have an advance post at Dranesville, and to extend his scouts down the Alexandria and Leesburg roads, to communicate with Colonel Ewell. He is to inform you of any movement of the U. S. troops, in the direction of Leesburg, tending to threaten your rear, through Captain Ashby, at Point of Rocks. In the sent of such a movement, should you deem it advisable, and should you be unable to hold your position, I would suggest a joint attack by you and General Bonham, commanding at Manassas, for the purpose of cutting them off. I have given full verbal explanations to Captain Thomas L. Preston, who leaves Richmond to-morrow, to join your command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 30, 1861.

Brigadier General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &c., Harper's Ferry, Va.:

GENERAL: A supply of caps are reported on their way from Nashville. As soon as they arrive the Ordnance Department has been ordered to send you eighty thousand. There are none here. The Arkansas regiment of volunteers has been ordered to report to you. Will start to-morrow. The letter from your commissary, calling for money, has been referred to the Commissary General of Subsistence. Our means of manufacturing ammunition are wholly insufficient, while calls for it are pressing in from all quarters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &c.,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

NORFOLK, VA., May 30, 1861.

General R. E. LEE:

We have the Merrimac up, and just pulling her in the dry-dock.

F. FORREST,

Flag Officer.

