
S. L. Colley, Company L; doing well.

W. D. Gourley, Company C; doing well.

John Swett, Company A; doing well.

W. H. Lamson, Company D; doing well.

G. W. Lovering, Company D; doing well.

William M. Holden, Company C; doing well.

As the men went into the cars I caused the blinds to the cars to be closed, and took every precaution to prevent any shadow of offense to the people of Baltimore; but still the stones flew thick and fast into the train, and it was with the utmost difficulty that I could prevent the troops from leaving the cars and revenging the death of their comrades.

After a volley of stones some one of the soldiers fired and killed a Mr. Davis, who I have since ascertained by reliable witnesses threw a stone into the car; yet that did not justify the firing at him, but the men were infuriated beyond control. On reaching Washington we were quartered at the Capitol, in the Senate Chamber, and are all in good hearth and spirits.

I have made every effort to get possession of the bodies of our comrades, but have not yet succeeded. Should I succeed I shall forward them to Boston, if practicable; otherwise shall avail myself of a kind often of George Woods, esq., who has offered me a prominent los in the Congressional burying -ground for the purpose of interment.

We were this day mustered into the United States service, and will forward the rolls at first opportunity after verification.

EDWARD F. JONES,

Colonel Sixth Regiment, M. V. M., in service of United States.

Brigade Major WILLIAM H. CLEMENCE.

No. 2. Extracts from report of the Baltimore Police Commissioners.

OFFICE BOARD OF POLICE COMMISSIONERS,

Baltimore, May 3, 1861.

To the honorable the General Assebly of Maryland:

The board of police of the city of Baltimore, created and appointed by your honorable body by the provisions of the fourth article of the Code of Public Local Laws, section 806, &amp;c., deem it their duty respectfully to report:

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

The board continued from the date of their above report to exercise their regular functions until Friday, the 19th April. On that day a large detachment of, it is understood, about 1,800 men of the Massachusetts and Pennsylvania Militia arrived in the forenoon in the city via the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad. No member of the board of police had any information that these troops were expected on that day until form half an hour to one hour of the time at which they were to arrive. The marshal of police was immediately notified, and called out at once a large portion of his force to preserve order during their transit through the city. When they arrived, there were manifestations to interfere with their passage; and after some had been transported by cars through the streets to the Washington depot obstructions were placed on the track in the city which stopped the progress of the

