
I do further order all the Provisional Army of Virginia to respect and obey all lawful orders emanating from the President, or those commanding under his authority, and that the same may be incorporated, in whole or in part, into the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, at the pleasure of the President.

I do hereby authorize the use of all public property, munitions of war, &amp;c., captured from the United States, the machinery at Harper's Ferry excepted, by the President or those acting under his authority, for the common defense.

Given under my hand as governor, and under the seal of the State, at Richmond, this 6th day of June, A. D. 1861, and in the eighty-fifth year of the Commonwealth.

By the governor:

[SEAL.]

GEORGE W. MUNFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

In compliance with the foregoing proclamation, the command of the military and naval forces of the State of Virginia is transferred to the Confederate States. All officers of said forces will obey the orders they may receive from the heads of the War and Navy Departments, respectively. Officers of the staff will receive their instructions from the chiefs of the several branches of the Confederate States Government.

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

LYNCHBURG, VA., June 8, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT, Adjutant-General Virginia Forces:

COLONEL: I received your dispatch to-day, and answered it in the same way, but imperfectly. There is no company of cavalry here fully armed. Two companies have double-barreled shot-guns, bought by their counties, but no sabers, and are but beginning to drill. There are two companies tolerably well drilled, with forty of fifty sabers each. One has no guns and the other a few. There are two other companies, one of which has about forty sabers and a few guns, just commencing to drill. There are about a hundred flint-lock pistols, which have been gathered from old companies. A number of sabers, of old patterns, have also been collected. All the companies want cartridge-boxes and cap-boxes. I have sent off to Henry County for some sabers and pistols which I am informed are there. All the companies here are well mounted, and would make fine companies if there were arms for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. EARLY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Bethel Church, Va., June 8, 1861.

Colonel GARNETT:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I received official intelligence, on the 6th instant, from Major Montague, in command at this point, that this position, held by three companies Virginia volunteers, two howitzers, and two troops of cavalry, was about to be turned by a force from Newport News, as well as one up the Poquosin River. I ordered Colonel Stuart, in command of four companies of Virginia volunteers,

