
I am extremely indebted to the two brothers Robert H. and William R. Vaugham, my acting commissary and quartermaster, for the most gallant and efficient services, no less than to my youthful aides, Mr. George A. Magruder, jr., and Hugh Stannard, who were always in the front of the fight, and upon whom i request the Government to bestow commissions, as they are desirous of entering the regular service.

In the hurry of this communication I may have omitted to mention many gallant men.

I have the honor to be, very respectful, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT.

Number of killed and wounded on our side-one killed and seven wounded. Enemy- ten dead bodies found, as reported to me, and perhaps fifty wounded. Three prisoners. Our force, all told, about one thousand two hundred men. Enemy-three thousand five hundred, with 18 and 24 pounder guns, besides light guns.

J. B. M.

HEADQUARTERS YORKTOWN, June 12, 1861.

SIR: I had the honor to transmit by Mr. Hugh Stannard a short account of a battle with the enemy at Bethel Bridge on the 10th. This was written on the field, and I had not then had time to ascertain the number of killed and wounded on the other side. I think I report ten killed and many wounded. I have now to report that eighteen dead were found on the field, and I learn from reliable citizens living on the road that many dead as well as a great many wounded were carried in wagons to Hampton. I think I can safely report their loss at from twenty-five to thirty killed and one hundred and fifty wounded. I understand the enemy acknowledge one hundred and seventy-fire killed and wounded. It is a source of great gratification to me to be able to say that our own loss as far as heard from was only one killed and seven wounded, but too much praise cannot be bestowed upon the heroic soldier whom we lost, He was one of our who volunteered to set fire to a house in our front which was thought to afford protection to our enemy and advancing alone between the two fire he fell midway, pierced in the forehead by a musket ball. Henry L. Wayatt is the name of this brave soldier and devoted patriot. Hew was a member of the brave and gallant North Carolina regiment.

I omitted to mention in my hurried dispatch of the 10 the name of Captain Jones, of- Cavalry, who rendered important service before and during the battle. I regret to say that one of his vedettes was cut off by the enemy, and is presumed to have been taken prisoner.

I cannot omit to again bring to the notice of the general commanding-in-chief the valuable service and gallant conduct for the First North Carolina Regiment and Major Randolph, of howitzer batteries. These officers were not only prompt and daring in the execution of their duties, but most industrious and energetic in the preparation for the conflict. The firing of the howitzer batteries was as perfect as the bearing of the men, which was entirely what it ought to have been. Captain Bridges, of the North Carolina regiment, retook in the most daring manner, and at a critical periods of the right, the work from which Captain Brown of the artillery, had withdrawn a disabled gun to prevent its falling in to the hands of the enemy, and which work had been sub

