
readiness for service at a moment's warning. The militia obeyed the call to arms with great alacrity and with considerable unanimity. I have directed the proper rolls, &amp;c., to be prepared and returned.

We received no arms from the State or Confederate States authorities. About one-third of the militia who returned out had no arms at all; the others had their own, or such as they could procure.

Very respectfully,

JAMES H. CARSON,

Brigadier-General Sixteenth Brigade, Virginia Militia.

YORKTOWN, VA., June 15, 1861.

General R. E. LEE:

SIR: As I am left in temporary command of this post, I hope that I will be pardoned for making a few suggestions. The enemy is burning for revenge for his total rout at Bethel Church. There can be no doubt that he will attempt to take this point either by a night surprise or by a regular siege. We are totally unprepared for either alternative. The development our lines is so great that they cannot be manned by less than six thousand troops. Now we have no siege guns at all. Our forces are now divided between Bethel Church, Grove Landing, and Williamsburg. We are therefore liable to be beaten in detail with our present weak force, and the York line may be lost at any moment. At this time there are scarce three thousand men in Yorktown, and our lines cannot possibly be defended with fewer than six thousand. Permit me, then, to urge that more troops may be sent here, and that some dozen siege guns be mounted in our batteries. I understand that the Rifle Rangers from Florida are exceedingly anxious to come here, and, as they are all experienced hunters, their services would be of great value to us.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Colonel First Regiment North Carolina Volunteers.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., June 15, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER, Governor of Virginia:

SIR: Agreeably to your request, I submit a statement of the military and naval preparation for the defense of Virginia, from the period of her separation from the U. S. Government to the date of transfer of the military operations of the State to the Confederate Government. Arrangements were first made for the establishment of batteries to prevent the ascent of our enemy by hostile vessels. As soon as an examination was made for the selection of sites, their construction was begun and their armament and defense committed to the Virginia Navy. Preparations were also begun for receiving into the service of the State volunteer companies, and for organizing, arming, and equipping them. Mustering officers were appointed, rendezvous established, and provision made for their subsistence and shelter. The primary estimate of the number of troops, of all arms, required, based upon the points to be defended, amounted to fifty-one thousand men. The estimated quota of each portion of the State has been furnished, except from the western

