
and is in the dry-dock, and arrangements are made for raising the Germantown and Plymouth.

In addition to the batteries described, other works have been constructed for their land defense, exceeding, in many instances, the works on the batteries themselves. An extensive line of field works has been erected for the security of Norfolk on the sides towards the bay. Redoubts for the same purpose have been constructed at Jamestown Island, Gloucester Point, Yorktown, and across the neck of land below Williamsburg. I have confined myself to a general narration of operations, and for the details refer you to the reports of several chiefs of staff.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FREDERICKSBURG,Fredericksburg, June 15, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Since my arrival here I have made careful reconnaissance of the coast, and sought in every way possible to possess myself of the enemy's movements and intentions. There is no evidence of a disposition on his part to land in this vicinity, and I am obliged to think that the force here is unnecessarily large. To all appearances the Federal forces will be directed against Manassas Junction and Harper's Ferry. If those places fall, this position will be unnecessary, as he will have opened for himself a more direct route to Richmond. I beg therefore respectfully to suggest that after leaving a sufficient guard for the batteries, say 500 men, it will be better for me to march with the great body of my command to Manassas, or some other point where they can be made available, to resist the first great onslaught of the enemy. It may be the time for this move has not yet arrived, and my only object now is to inform you that if you agree with me in opinion as to the enemy's intention, I can at very short notice march from here with three regiments of volunteers and two batteries of artillery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP LONG MEADOW,June 15, 1861.

General COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 13th.

I know myself to be a careless writer, and will not, therefore, pretend to have expressed clearly the opinions I wished to have put before the Government. I am confident, however, that nothing in my correspondence with my military superiors makes me obnoxious to the charge of desiring that the responsibility of my official acts should be borne by any other person than myself.

I had the honor yesterday to report to the President the removal of

59 R R-VOL II

