
er's battery of artillery, Captain Anderson's half battery (two pieces), and one company of cavalry. The Buckhannon Pass is occupied by one regiment of infantry, a half battery, and a company of cavalry. I made forced march by night to reach these passes, in consequence of having heard that the enemy were moving from Philippi to Buckhannon. I presumed his object to be to get possession of the two passes, and thus shut up my force in the valley of Beverly, Huttonsville, &amp;c.

The other troops in rear have not yet arrived. Major Williams, on engineer duty, reported this afternoon, but I doubt whether anything can be done for this pass. It is not formidable as I had been induced to suppose, and would present no difficulty to good light infantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GARNETT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Yorktown, Va., June 16, 1861.

Colonel S. COOPER, Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

SIR: I have the honor to state that the Louisiana regiment, numbering 800 men, and the Zouaves, numbering about 500, with Major Cary's battalion of some 250 men, are at Bethel; that Colonel August's regiment of Virginia volunteers, 600 strong (effectives), and the regiment of local troops which I have organized under the name of Peninsula Guards, ten companies, about 600 men, under Lieutenant-Colonel Ewell, are all at or near Williamsburg, say 1,300 men; there are here 2,700 effective men; making in all 5,500 effective men. This is not enough; 4,500 more troops are necessary to secure this line, and fifteen heavy guns. There are at Norfolk, I am informed, many 32-pounders on navy carriages. They would answer here very well. The enemy will come on this line provided with heavy siege guns. Now we have time, if the 32-pounders from Norfolk can be ordered and sent, to put them in position, and to foil the enemy in every attack. Many are needed for this place and Williamsburg also. If the enemy lay siege to this fort and those before Williamsburg with heavy siege guns and men armed with the long-range muskets, it will be impossible to hold either with light field pieces and common muskets. We are now strong enough to prevent being stormed, I think, provided our lines are filled with men, which is not the case now. The heavy guns are absolutely necessary, and without loss of time. So are men. Four more regiments, of one thousand effective men each, or five regiments of the ordinary strength, with the heavy guns asked for, would put anxiety to rest as to a successful attack on Richmond from this quarter. I have here asked for the smallest number. I again ask the attention of the headquarters of the Army to the fact that no fuses are furnished the shell for the navy battery here, and that the amount of ammunition for that battery is ridiculously small (forty-seven rounds, without fuses, to each gun). I sent a good fuse-maker to Captain Barron the other day-Anderson-who has been employed at Fort Monroe in the ordnance department for many years.

I cannot too urgently press upon the consideration of the headquarters the immediate necessity of having the heavy from Norfolk or elsewhere at this place. The defense of Richmond is here at Williamsburg and Jamestown, and the men and guns are necessary to that defense.

