
permitted, and sent an express to Colonel Hill to order out a regiment at the junction of the York and Wawrick roads to stop the enemy, while we took him in rear. He has not yet made his appearance, and we are in the works, but we hear of him in the neighborhood, and I have sent cavalry to feel him. General Butler has called for a re-enforcement of ten thousand men. Please send all you can spare, with plenty of ammunition.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., June 19, 1861.

Honorable R. M. T. HUNTER, Lloyd's, Essex County, Va.:

SIR: Your communication of the 12th instant, to his excellency the President of the Confederate States, has been referred to me. I have the honor to reply that my attention has been frequently and earnestly called to the subject of the defense of the Rappahannock, both as regards Essex and the surrounding counties. The battery at Lowry's Point seemed to be most advantageous at first for the defense of Fredericksburg, because it was at the narrowest and most difficult portion of the channel, and because it could be best defended by the guns that were available. It was desired to place the battery as near the mouth of the river as possible, and attention was particularly directed to Gray's Point and Cherry Point; but it was found that the distance was so great as to require guns of heavy caliber, not then available, and works of such size as to be difficult of construction and protection. Those points were therefore abandoned. Recently the project for the construction of batteries at those points has been received, and a proper officer has made examinations to that effect. As soon as means can be provided the works will be commenced; but in the mean time it is desired that the measure be kept secret.

Respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., June 20, 1861.

Brigadier General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 19th instant has been received. Your explanations of the object for which a force has been stationed at Mathias Point is satisfactory; but I think it would be better if the troops would keep themselves concealed from the enemy, and especially refrain from firing into ships, as I am informed has been done. As your force is not sufficient for the protection of the battery at Mathias Point, its erection, for the present, must be postponed; but I desire to keep its establishment in view, as it is proposed to place one where when circumstances will permit. Your arrangements as to the hospital at Fredericksburg and the appointment of Surgeon McClanaham are approved.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

