
and countermarching, however, not being understood, fatigues and dispirits the troops. Stil, it must be done, as the enemy must be kept in his trenches and fortifications. I had no wagons with me except three loaded with provisions, and had to leave the cooking utensils, some few tents, and the extra rations of our men on the ground. I reasoned that, if the force of the enemy turned out to be large, and an attacking party on Yorktown, I should be in time to recover it by this course; if small, I could easily send for the articles left. I have already most of them here, and the rest will be here to night.

I shall continue to occupy the lower part of the country-Bethel and neighborhood-but must construct some intrenchments, both on the Poquosin River and on the Wawrick road, before making a move with an infantry force.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-I have the honor to request that Captain Stanard's battery, now at the Baptist College, be sent to me, as the erection of intrenchments on the Wawrick and Poquosin roads makes it necessary that I should have more field pieces.

Respectfully,

J. B. M.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,

No. 28. Richmond, Va., June 20, 1861.

On several occasions bodies of our troops have been surprised by the enemy under circumstances highly discreditable to the service, and the general commanding is therefore compelled to notice these occurences in a public manner, and to enjoin upon all more careful attention to the subject of outposts and vedettes. It is impossible that a surprise can take if a due vigilance is exercised, and outposts and sentries are well established on the approaches to any given point and strictly perform their duty. From some of the camps information is received that the troops have wasted their ammunition in the most reckless and shameful manner. Such intelligence is almost incredible, yet it is nevertheless true. One man has been killed and a number wounded by this abominable practice. The general that there are not instances of this nature other than those which have been reported to him, and that the troops generally will pay regard to the importance of carefully handling their arms and economizing their ammunition, so vitally important at all times.

By command of General Lee:

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 20. Manassas Junction, Va., June 20, 1861.

The following is announced as the organization of the First Corps of the Army of the Potomac, which, for convenience, will be the designation of the troops of this command:

I. The First Brigade will consist of Gregg's, Bacon's, Kershaw's, and

