
Cash's regiments, South Carolina volunteers, Brigadier General M. L. Bonham commanding.

II. The Second Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General R. S. Ewell, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, will be formed of Seibels' and Rodes' regiments of Alabama volunteers, and Seymour's regiment Louisiana Volunteers.

III. The Third Brigade will consist of Jenkins' regiment of South Carolina volunteers, and Featherston's and Burt's regiment of Mississippi volunteers, Brigadier General D. R. Jones, Provisional Army, Confederate States, commanding.

IV. The Fourth Brigade, Colonel G. H. Terrett, Provisional Army of Virginia, commanding, will be formed of Moore's, Garland's, and Corse's regiments of Virginia volunteers.

V. The Fifth Brigade will consist of Cocke's, Preston's, and Withers' regiments of Virginia volunteers, Colonel P. St. George Cocke, Virginia volunteers, commanding.

VI. The Sixth Brigade, Colonel J. A. Early, commanding, will be formed of Early's and Kemper's Virginia volunteers, and Sloan's regiment of South Carolina volunteers.

VII. The several commanders of brigades thus announced will organize their general and personal staff, as far as practicable, without delay, and will make the necessary returns and reports direct to these headquarters.

VIII. In the absence of any of the special brigade commanders, the senior colonel present will assume command of the brigade.

By order of Brigadier-General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, June 21, 1861.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE, Lewisburg, Greenbrier County, Virginia:

SIR: Agreeably to wishes expressed in your letter of the 16th instant, a field piece, with ammunition, has been forwarded your command. A company of artillery, with field pieces, it is understood, is now being enlisted here for your command, and if it is completed to the number required by law will be mustered into service, and, with its battery, be sent forward. Captain Cunningham's (F) was ordered on the 8th instant to repair to this city and report to you. It has, however, but recently arrived here, under some misapprehension of the order by the captain, who reports that the company has never been mustered into service, and that the men will decline the muster if required to proceed under the orders so soon.

As Captain H. M. Mathews can be spared from the duty in which he is at present engaged he will be ordered to report to you. Three other officers will be directed to join you.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

