
still occupying Haverstown and Williamsport, the main body being in the former place, and six or eight thousand men under General Cadwalader in the latter.

He says that General Patterson has been corresponding with the authorities of the Baltimore and Ohio, Railroad in relation to repairing the road, and talks of occupying Harper's Ferry. Should do so with less than ten or twelve thousand men, an equal force attacking him would have the advantage of ground.

Colonel Jackson, who is in the neighborhood of Martinsburg to support the cavalry which is observing the enemy, has, according to his instructions, destroyed all the rolling stock of the road within his reach. I have directed him to have such of the large stock of coal as the inhabitants require sold to them, and accounts to be kept of the sales, and the proceeds to be used in purchasing provisions in the neighborhood. I have had the pleasure to receive the order for Captain W. E. James to report to me with his company of cavalry. We require three or four more companies of that arm from the great extent of country to be observed. Another officer capable of commanding a brigade and four or five competent to the duties of quartermasters and commissaries are greatly needed. In this recommended the appointment of Lieutenants Davis and Morgan as assistant quartermasters. They have proved themselves complement to the discharge of the duties of that position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, June 25, 1861.

General T. H. HOLMES, Commanding at Fredericksburg:

SIR: You are authorized to co-operate with Lieutenant Lewis, C. S. Navy, with any part of the force under my command, as you may deem advisable, in the operations which he has explained to this Department, and with which you are acquainted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., June 25, 1861.

Colonel CHARLES A. CRUMP,

Commanding, &amp;c., Gloucester Point, Va.:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 22nd instant has been forwarded to these headquarters. There have been sent to Gloucester Point four 9-inch guns; two 32-pounders, of 57 cwt.; four 9-inch guns; one 32-pounder, of 33 cwt.; one 32-pounder, of 27 cwt., and two 32-pounders, of 33 cwt. The last named (two 32-pounders, of 33 cwt.) were diverted at West Point and sent to Yorktown, it being thought that they would be more immediately needed at the latter place. Their place will be supplied as early as practicable. You will please inform me when they arrive. In the opinion of the Colonel of Engineers, the above-named guns are not sufficient for the proper defense of Gloucester Point. The

