HEADQUARTERS,Winchester, July 8, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Since I forwarded to you Colonel Jackson's report * from Darkesville nothing has occurred worth mentioning. I waited in that position until yesterday, hoping that the enemy might, by leaving his strong post at Martinsburg, give us an opportunity to fight. Becoming convinced that he had no such intention, I returned to this place last night, and am now having a few slight field works thrown up, under Major Whiting's directions, to cover our cannon and militia. The latter are assembling; two brigades were called out, the commanders of which expect to have 2,200 men by evening.

General Patterson received two regiments day before yesterday, and several others are said to be approaching Martinsburg by Williamsport.

The service here requires a few more regular officers in quartermaster and commissary departments; two more competent to command brigades, and one for adjutant-general.

If we are beaten here, General Beauregard's left will be very insecure.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

BATH, July 7, 1861.

Major General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

DEAR SIR: The same gentleman who gave you information just before you left Harper's Ferry has learned from the same source that General Mansfield is on his way to Martinsburg with two regiments by way of Chambersburg. He cannot reach Martinsburg before to-morrow evening. Colonel Stone has left Noland's Ferry, just before Point of Rocks, pushing forward his men to be at Martinsburg. The First Pennsylvania Regiment marched from Frederick City by way of Shepherdstown yesterday about 6 o'clock. This regiment had four pieces of artillery. This information left Bath yesterday morning. Rely upon this information.

Very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

H. E. EDMUNDSON,

This indicates an attack upon us here. I am trying to prepare for it with the slender means at my disposal.

J. E. J.

YORKTOWN, VA., July 8, 1861.

Brigadier General J. B. MAGRUDER:

GENERAL: Understanding that some difference of opinion exists with regard to the distribution of heavy ordnance between this place and Gloucester Point, and that the recent transfer to this post of a 9-inch shell gun has given rise to some satisfaction, I beg leave to submit my reasons for advising that transfer: The lines on the land side of this post are from a mile an d half to two miles in extent. For the distance of about one thousand yards from the point of intersection with the river east of the town to the marsh on the south of it the

---------------

*See p. 185.

---------------

