
I cannot close this too elaborate report without speaking in the highest terms of admiration of the Howitzer Battery and its most accomplished commander, Major Randolph. He has no superior as an artillerist in any country, and his men displayed the utmost skill and coolness. The left howitzer, under Lieutenant Hudnall, being nearest my works, came under my special notice. Their names are as follows:

Lieutenant Hudnall, commanding (wounded), Sergeant B. S. Hughes, G. H. Pendleton, R. P. Plesants, William M. Caldwell, George W. Hobson, William McCarthy, H. C. Shook (wounded) L. W. Timberlake, George P. Hughes, John Worth (wounded), D. B. Clark.

Permit Regiment North Carolina Volunteers. Their patience under trial, perseverance under toil, and courage under fire have seldom been surpassed by veteran troops. Often working night and day-sometimes without tents and cooking utensil-a murmur has never escaped them to my knowledge. They have done a large portion of the work on the entrenchments at Yorktown, as well as those a Bethel. Had all of the regiments in the field worked with the same spirit, there would not be an assailable point in Virginia . After the battle they shook hands affectionately with the spades, calling them "clever fellows and good friends."

The men are influenced by high moral and religious sentiments, and their conduct has furnished another example of the great truth that he who fears God will ever do his duty to his country.

The confederates had in all about one thousand two hundred men in the action. The enemy had the regiments of Colonel Duryea (zouaves), Colonel Carr, Colonel Allen, Colonel Bendix, and Colonel Wardrop (Massachusetts), from Old Point Comfort, and five companies of Phelps; regiment from Newport New. We had never more than three hundred actively engaged at any one time. The Confederate loss was eleven wounded; of these, one mortally. The enemy must have lost some three hundred. I could not, without great disparagement of their courage, place their loss at a lower figure. It is inconceivable that five thousand men should make so precipitate a retreat without having sustained at least this much of a reserves.

Let us devoutly than the living God for His wonderful interposition in our favor, and evidence, our gratitude by the exemplariness of our lives.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Colonel First Regiment North Carolina Volunteers.

Colonel J. B. MAGRUDER, Commander York Line.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieut Colonel william D. Stuart Third Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT THIRD REGIMENT VA. VOLS.,Yorktown, Va.

SIR; I have the honor to report I took the position assigned me in the engagement of the 10th to the right and in front of the line of battle, and completed the slight breastwork erected to protect the command, consisting of three companies of my detachment, commanded by Captains, Walker, Childrey, and Charles, numbering, rank and file, two hundred and eight men. The enemy deployed as skirmishers in the orchard, immediately in front and to our left, protected on the left by

