
authorized in your instructions, the President deems it unnecessary to extend the time suggested by you for the transportation of your volunteers, more especially as there are now here some companies yet to be sent forward to you under the previous arrangement, besides a regiment of North Carolina volunteers, two companies of which are now here and the balance expected in a few days. This regiment is understood to be armed and equipped. You are, however, notwithstanding the increase beyond your original numbers, authorized to cause to be mustered and incorporated into your legion all the volunteers that have been organized and have reported to you, including those yet to be forwarded. A supply of rifle powder was sent prior to receipt of your letter, and the Ordnance Department is ordered to increase the quantity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Richmond, Va., July 12, 1861.

Brigadier General J. B. MAGRUDER, Commanding, &amp;c., Yorktown, Va.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 9th instant. I am gratified to learn, from your inspection at Gloucester Point, of the good order that exists there. The facility for landing a force by the enemy, for the purpose of carrying the water battery, has kept me anxious for the safety of that position, and I am glad you concur in the importance of holding and strengthening it. If possessed by the enemy, the navigation of York River will be open to him. I had hoped that you would have been able to have re-enforced its garrison by troops drawn from the surrounding counties. Though anxious to do so, I am without the means of sending there more troops at present. In case of an attack on that point it will be necessary for you to re-enforce it from Yorktown. The last two 12-pounders that are mounted have been sent to you, and two 24-pounder howitzers will be sent to you next Tuesday, and some 42-pounder carronades as soon as carriages can be provided for them. I hope you will urge forward the completion of all the earthworks for the defense of that place, and arm them as well as you can. I will send an additional regiment as soon as one is available. As guards the defenses of Williamsburg, I hope you will push forward their completion on the plan adopted by you, and use in its armament such guns as you now have. The eight 24-pounder howitzers which you require will be forwarded to you as soon as carriages for them can be completed. I cannot now say whether the columbiads desired by you can be provided, unless they can be spared from other points, where they are now in position. I do not consider the guns proposed at Spratley's and Grove Wharf so important now, since the battery at Day's Point, on James River, has been established, as stated in a previous letter. It will be necessary for you to make a requisition for such horses or mules as you may require to move the field guns. In reference to the proposed work at Mulberry Point, it will be commenced as soon as its necessity is ascertained, for which surveys are now being made, and, in connection with it, if found necessary, a battery is proposed for the opposite point.

Respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

