
several frame buildings and sheds. Those in front were dispersed by a fire from the first platoon of Captain Walker's company, but we were annoyed by the fire from behind the buildings and the battery in the road to our left, but under cover f the breastworks the men remained unhurt. After the dispersion of the skirmishers a column of abbot fifteen hundred appeared in the road immediately in our front, extending from the left to right, with a battery for artillery on front, and advancing a line of skirmishers down the ravine on my right, protected from both view and fire, which fact was reported to me by scouts sent out for the purpose of observing their movements. The battery in front commenced advancing on the left of the ravine and immediately in our front. The battery supporting us on the left had been silenced and withdrawn some time before this. These facts being communicated to you, in obedience to your orders I retired in order through the swamp to the second position assigned me on the hill on the left of the church. Here one of my companies was detached and sent to the support of Captain Werth; another, under Captain Walker, was sent to Presson's near the Warwick and York Bridge.

About this time Captain Atkinson's company had arrived on the field, and with this and a detachment of the Wythe Rifles I recrossed the swamp, advanced, and regiment my former position. I was supported at this time by a portion of Company G, of North Carolina Rifles, and with their aid again drove off some skirmishers advancing through the orchard. The firing, however, after I regained my position, was irregular on the part of the anoia, and I only permitted some few shots to be fired at a prominent position of their column and stragglers skulking behind the fences, owing to the enemy being much beyond rifle range.

Both officers and men under my command behaved with the coolness throughout the whole engagement, and none were injured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. STUART,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Virginia Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN B. MAGRUDER.

Numbers 10. Report of Major George W. Randolph, commanding Howitzer Battalion.

YORKTOWN, June 12, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in the action of the 10th instant the Howitzer Battalion, under command, fired eighteen solid shot and eighty shells, spherical case and canister, and was injured in the following particulars: A lieutenant and two privates were wounded, one severally and two slightly; five horses and three mules were killed or disabled; the Parrott gun (iron rifled) had its linstock splintered, and a musket ball passed through the fellow for the left well; a musket ball pierced the corner plate and a partition of the limber chest of one of the howitzers and lodged against a shell; two poles of caissons, one set of swing- lebars, one large pointing ring, a chin for a reamer, and several priming wires broken, and one of the howitzers was spiked by the breaking of a priming wire in its vent. I have already made a requisition for ammunition enough to fill all the chests of the battalion, and will submit as soon as practicable, requisitions for whatever else may be required.

