
RICHMOND, VA., July 17, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

We are making all efforts to re-enforce you. Cannot send to-day, but afterwards they will go regularly daily, railroad permitting. Hampton's Legion, McRae's regiment, and two battalions, Mississippi and Alabama, under orders.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, July 17, 1861.

General HOLMES, Fredericksburg, Va.:

General Beauregard is attacked. Move with three regiments and a light battery to support him. Replace the troops you withdraw by the militia, leaving Colonel Ruggles in command of the district, directing him to hold his troops in readiness for any emergency.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, July 17, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Manassas Junction, Va.:

You are authorized to appropriate the North Carolina regiment on its route to General Johnston. If possible, send to General Johnston to say he has been informed, via Staunton, that you were attacked, and that he will join you if practicable with his effective force, sending his sick and baggage to Culpeper Court-House by rail or though Warrenton.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MANASSAS, July 17, 1861.

General COOPER:

I believe this propose movement of General Johnston is too late. Enemy will attack me in force to-morrow morning.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Numbers 224. Richmond, Va., July 17, 1861.

* * * * * * *

IV. Brigadier-General Holmes will hold himself in readiness to advance with three regiments and one field battery of his command to the support of Brigadier-General Beauregard upon notice to that effect from the latter general. He will take care to make arrangements for the security of the position which he now holds, and will replace the troops he withdraws therefor by the militia of the county which has been called into service. He will keep in mind that the movement herein indicated is not to jeopardize the security of the militia district under his command, to which, in case of necessity, he will return, and, in any event, after the service upon which he may be detailed shall have been accomplished.

