
ABINGDON, July 19, 1861.

To the PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

H. D. Aston, residing at the north end of Russell, on the 17th heard from Buchanan of advance of Federal troops into Logan. Sent messenger, who reported letter from sheriff of Logan to clerk of Buchanan, stating advance of five hundred and eighty, burning of Logan Court-House, killing two women, and passing on up Guyandotte. No further information. The railroad and salt works, perhaps lead mines, may be the object. We had men only, neither arms, ammunition, nor a military head. The latter of some experience, with full powers to do and get what is necessary, is of most pressing urgency for all this country south of Kanawha Valley.

SAMUEL W. ASTON,

EDWARD D. KERNAN,

J. V. FULERSON,

Of Russell County.

WYNDHAM ROBINSON.

C. S. BEKAM.

NEWTON K, WHITE.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Camp at Monterey, July 19, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Our present position in this village, the only one in the vicinage fit for a depot of supplies, is exposed and wholly untenable, unless the routes approaching it from the west be guarded at considerable distances; and I have been restless in the consciousness that, were the enemy apprised of our real condition, a comparatively small body of cavalry might make sad havoc among us and at least destroy what they might not be able to hold. The trains bringing supplies from Staunton are daily coming up, and as the wagons are needed below, must be unloaded. The debris of General Garnett's command are constantly pouring in, and what of it is left in anything in a most forlorn condition. I fear that, while they must be cared for, they will be almost useless for any military purpose; yet, even under these circumstances, I have not felt authorized to beat a further retreat, thus substituting distances for regiments against the enemy's advance.

With a view mainly to guarding this point, hoping at the same time to relieve somewhat the panic-stricken people of the county and to revive the spirit of troops depressed by retreat, I am to-day making a forward movement, looking of course to the protection of our rear. The Twelfth Georgia Regiment, under the direction of Major Williams, of the Engineer Corps, who has joined this command, with an artillery company three pieces strong, which I have organized from the elements at hand, will take position to-day somewhere upon, or immediately beyond, the Alleghany Ridge. I have also formed a composite command of the Churchville Cavalry, the remnants of the Rockbrige Cavalry, and a company of riflemen, made up from the militia, to which I have assigned Major Jones, of the Forty-fourth Virginia Regiment of Volunteers, an officer who has inspired me with great confidence. They will constitute an advance guard and will be thrown along the turnpike

