
DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS,

Williamsburg, Va., July 21, 1861.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR,

Through Colonel GEORGE DEAS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to state that I have called into service, by proclamation (nearly a month previous to the Govenor's proclamation), the militia of James City, York, Warwick, and Elizabeth City Counties, these four counties embracing the One-hundred-and-fifteenth and Sixty-eighth Regiments. This proclamation was prompted by the exigencies of the service, and in consequence of the fact that I thought it but just that the people of these counties should assist in the defense of their property and houses, and not leave such defense entirely to the few who had volunteered and those who had come forward from a great distance. This way the only means in my power to reach those who evidently intended neither to suffer in person or property during the war, unless forced to do their part. I have in every case stationed these men in the immediate vicinity of their homes, and only required them to meet three times a week, to organize, drill, and be ready in case of an emergency, and in order, also, to ascertain what arms they had, and to know how far they could be relied on in an emergency. In view of these facts, I would request his excellency the governor to officially approve of my act. I shall retain these men in service until otherwise directed, as they are of great use.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

G. B. COSBY,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP AT MONTEREY, VA., July 22, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Unless a considerable force be at once put upon the road from Millborough, through Huntersville, towards Huttonsville, the enemy will overrun Pocahontas and get possession of the Central Railroad. There is good reason for believing that he is now upon Middle Mountain, twenty-five miles only beyond Huntersville, and we have but one regiment (Colonel Lee's) on the road to meet him. I shall do what I possibly can to support Colonel Lee from this point; but Monterey is equidistant with Millborough from Huntersville. It is unfortunate that one of the regiments, with the artillery, now in motion from Staunton, had not been sent, in accordance with my suggestion, up to Millborough. I have dispatched Captain Cole, C. S. Army, to Huntersville, for the purpose of collecting and reporting reliable information, and of providing for transporting and provisioning the forces which may be sent in that direction, although the prospect of obtaining provisions or transportation there is very limited.

H. R. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHWESTERN ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Monterey, Va., July 22, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS, Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: My mind has been somewhat relieved from the heavy anxiety which has oppressed it, in view of the great difficulties attendant upon

