
daybreak and carried the rifle-pits and entrenchments, taking 71 prisoners. in the afternoon a portion of the division again successfully attacked the enemy and captured a battery with four guns. At night moved to Strawberry Plains.

August 15. - Advanced beyond Long Bridge road to Deep Run.

August 16. - Attacked and carried the enemy's works at Deep Run, capturing about 300 prisoners and 6 battle-flags.

August 18. - Attacked near Deep Run by the enemy, who were repulsed with loss.

August 20. - During the night the First and Second, Brigades recrossed James River and returned to the entrenchments in front of Bermuda Hundred, the Third Brigade returning to Deep Bottom.

August 23. - The First and Second Brigades moved over the Appomattox to the lines in front of Petersburg.

August 27. - The Third Brigade joined the division.

September 1 to 24. - During this period the division occupied the line in front of Petersburg between the Hare house and the Norfolk railroad, and was constantly employed in defending and strengthening the works.

September 24. - The Second corps having relieved the Tenth Corps in the works before Petersburg, the division encamped about one mile from the front on City Point road.

September 25 to 28. - Engaged in completing the equipment of the corps.

September 28. - The Tenth Corps marched from their encampment near Petersburg to Deep Bottom.

September 29. - The division took part in the successful movement against the enemy's lines on the New Market Heights in the morning, and in the afternoon pushed forward in support of Kautz's cavalry to a point three miles from richmond, on the Central road, whence it was withdrawn at sundown, by order of the corps commander, to the enemy's lines on the New Market road near Laurel Hill.

September 30. - Defensive works thrown up in front of the camp.

October 1. - A reconnaissance was made by the entire command toward Richmond, Va., on the Darbytown road, advancing to within about two miles of that city, from which the inner line of defenses was distinctly visible, with small loss.

October 7. - The cavalry on our right having been driven in by the enemy, this command was ordered to their support, and repulsed a determined attack to turn our right flank with comparatively small loss.

October 13. - The division made a second reconnaissance on the Darbytown road, meeting the enemy in force two miles out, and driving him into a newly constructed line of works some three miles from our entrenchments. An unsuccessful attempt was made to carry the rebel line, and after heavy skirmishing until late in the afternoon the command returned to camp; casualties about 300.

October 27. - The division left camp before daylight and moved out on the Darbytown road for a third time, and met the enemy's skirmishers to the right, and on the continuation of the line unsuccessfully assaulted on the 13th instant, early in the forenoon. The division line was gradually extended through the day to the right until it reached the Charles City road. By this disposition our right rested on the Charles City road. Heavy skirmishing with some artillery fire was continued throughout the day, but the line was not materially advanced. The enemy having a strong line of works in our front, which the plan

