
no written message (intelligence alluded to having been repeated to me verbally), I presume the error arose in the repeating or on the part of the officer receiving. Colonel Lamb has requested me to correct some few verbal errors of slight importance he has pointed out. Please also to return that for correction.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, January 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Department of North Carolina:

COLONEL: I return the report herewith, with the correction and my thanks for indicating the error. I have also taken occasion to change the figures one and one-quarter to one in the estimate of the distance of the monitors on the second day. This solely from examination of sketches, with sounding, which shows they might have come that near. I am endeavoring to locate the fleet on the sketch, and if the general desires will have a sketch made to accompany the report, showing the point of landing, &amp; c.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Brigadier General Louis Hebert, C. S. Army, commanding Defenses Mouth of Cape Fear River.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES MOUTH OF CAPE FEAR RIVER,Smithville, January 3, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit the report of Colonel William Lamb of the attack of the enemy on Fort Fisher and Confederate Point, commencing on the 24th of December, and terminating by the withdrawal of the enemy during the night of the 26th to 27th of December, 1864.

Although the point attacked is within my command, I was compelled to remain at my headquarters by the order of Major General W. H. C. Whiting, who himself repaired and remained at Fort Fisher. My absence from the fort makes it sufficient for me to merely forward Colonel Lamb's report with but few remarks.

Between the 21st and 26th of December, by direction of the general and major-general commanding, I sent from my other posts-ammunition and troops as rapidly as transportation would allow. I was finally reduced to two companies on Smith's island, four on Oak Island, one at Smithville, all small companies. Fortunately, the enemy confined themselves to the attack on Confederate Point.

I have made a thorough inspection of Fort Fisher. Everything indicates that the bombardment was probably the most terrific the world ever saw, and yet the fort is as fit to fight now as before. A few guns, a few carriages, a patching up of sods, and Fort Fisher will not show signs that it was attacked. The result is that it is now known that earth-works can resist the powerful U. S. Navy.

