
fire, beyond the burning of the quarters and the knocking down of a brisk building used as headquarters of the fort, was productive of little injury. One 8-inch columbiad, No. 17, entirely, and one other 8-inch columbiad, No. 16, and a 10-inch columbiad, No. 19, carriages partially injured, were the results of this day's firing. Two guns, one 8-inch columbiad, No. 25, and a 10-inch columbiad, No. 20, were dismounted by their own action.,

The action was reported to me as having commenced at 12.40 p.m. and closed at 5.30 p.m. A careful inspection of the guns of the sea-face batteries during the attack exhibited a practice on the part of the officers and men of the detachments in charge not exceeded by veteran troops. As there was no ordnance officer in the fort I took charge of and directed the work of the very efficient ordnance corps.

I cannot speak too highly of the services of these men, as evidenced in the remounting of guns and filling and distribution of ordnance stores and general repair of damages to the carriages during the night of the 24th instant. I would particularly mention Ordnance-Sergeant Long and Sergeant Jones, of the Thirty-sixth Regiment.

The guns of the fort were fired with great deliberation, 672 projectiles of all classes being expended. The effects of their fire, as far as observed, was injurious to the enemy, several vessels being seen to withdraw out of range and unquestionably from injures inflicted, among these a frigate bearing a flag at the fore.

On the [morning] of the 25th instant at 9.10 the fleet was again in motion and bearing down the scene of the previous day's conflict. Their relative position was the same, with the difference that the larger number took position so as to fire on the land face of the fort, their lines of approach being (if the turn and figure may be correctly used) in echelon, the Ironsides leading. The position of a double-turreted monitor immediately off the redan enabled us to bring at 10-inch columbiad, No. 27, and an 8-inch columbiad, No. 25, on her, but we could not be said to have affected her fire in any way. During this day's fight the guns of the fort were fired with even greater deliberation than the day previous, 602 projectiles being fired, but the effect of the enemy's fire upon the armament of the fort was more severe.

For particulars of both days' injuries I beg to refer to my regular monthly report, as also for the effect of our practice on the enemy to my report of artillery firing for the month.

I cannot speak too highly of the skill displayed in working of the guns and the coolness of the officers and detachments serving them under this furious bombardment of the enemy, particularly as they (the enemy) at no time threw other projectiles than shells, and in numbers ranging, from accurate observation, from twenty-two to fifty-seven per minute.

If not out of place in this report, I would beg particularly to call attention to the able management of the armament of his fort by the colonel commanding, as also to the skill displayed by that splendid artillerist, Major James Reilly, of Tenth Regiment North Carolina Troops.

I would also mention the service of a light piece at the sally-port against the attempted assault of the enemy on the evening of the 25th instant by Captain John M. Sutton, of the Third Battalion North Carolina Troops. The ready gallantry of this officer was of inestimable service in repelling the attack.

To Captain Hunter and his officers of the Thirty-sixth Regiment North Carolina Troops, and Captain Walsh, of the Tenth Regiment

