
North Carolina Troops, great praise is due in the service of the guns of their batteries, exhibiting the skill of artillerists and the coolness and deliberation so essential to effect in artillery practice.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. SAUNDERS,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

Captain W. D. HARDEMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 12. Reports of Colonel William Lamb, Thirty-sixth North Carolina Regiment (Second North Carolina Artillery), commanding Fort Fisher.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE POINT, Fort Fisher, N. C.,December 24, 1864-6 p.m.

I have the honor to report, by telegraph, that the enemy's fleet, consisting of over fifty vessels, including two monitors, several armored vessels, and a large proportion of heavily-armed frigates and slopes of war, commenced a furious bombardment of Fort Fisher at 12.40 p.m., which they kept up until 5.30 p.m., when they withdrew. They took position from opposite Howard's Hill to opposite the mound, thus enfilading our land face and our camp. They destroyed about one-half our quarters, including headquarters. They damaged, more or less, some of our parapets and traverses, but no part of the work was greatly injured, except in front of Blakely gun, on right of the northeast salient. They disabled one 10-inch carriage, one 8-inch carriage, and two 32-pounder carriages. The 10-inch in the pulpit and the 8-inch in the left of the northeast salient were dismounted by recoil; they will be mounted to-night.

The casualties were as follows: Wounded, 1 mortally, 3 severely, and 19 slightly; total,23; viz, 2 commissioned officers (Lieutenant Matthew Washington Pridgen, Company H, Thirty-sixth Regiment, and Passed Midshipman Clarence Cary, C. S. Navy), both slightly; 3 non-commissioned officers, 16 privates, 2 seamen.

The garrison flag was shot away and the staff cut down. Battle-flags were raised as soon as possible on the mound and on the left flank.

The officers, soldiers and seamen all did their whole duty, and are entitled to the thanks of their countrymen.

As the enemy attempted no passage of the bar, and staid out at long range with the exception of their iron-clads, I fired very slowly and deliberately. I am unable to know what damage was done them, but I am certain the injury inflicted upon them far exceeds the injury their bombardment did us. Our Heavenly Father has protected my garrison this day, and I feel that He will sustain us in defending our homes from the invader.

WM. LAMB,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major HILL, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE POINT, Fort Fisher, N. C.,December 27, 1864.

Tuesday morning, December 20, a Federal fleet commenced gathering off New Inlet. Rough weather prevailed until Saturday, December 24, when the weather was beautiful and the sea as calm as a lake. At noon the fleet weighed anchor and advanced in one line toward the fort, the Ironsides leading. At 12.40 p.m. the Ironsides opened and

