
shells in her sides before she would move. During the day the enemy landed a large force at Battery Anderson, a once-gun battery three miles up the beach.

At 4.30 p.m. sharpshooters were seen on our left flank, and they fired upon our gunners from the quarters across the causeway. A few discharges of canister quieted them. At 5.30 p.m., after a most furious enfilading fire from the fleet down our palisade line, a heavy line of skirmishers were see advancing on our works. A fire of grape was opened along the line, the palisades manned by the infantry, and the advance repelled. Two battalions of Junior Reserves joined the Regulars in defending this line. Two prisoners from the One hundred and forty-second New York Regiment were taken, and next morning a number of new graves were seen on the beach, and an officer's sword and some small-arms and accouterments found scattered in front. Firing occurred along this line at night skirmishers would show themselves, but no advance in force was made. At about 3 a.m. a boat party was reported as advancing on the mound. The preparations made for the reception of such an advance were found amply sufficient to repel it, if it were seriously made, the boats seen disappearing very quickly. During the night the rain fell in torrents, wetting the troops and their arms, but it did not dampen their spirits nor interfere with their efficiency.

The following is the list of casualties for the day: Killed,3; wounded, mortally,2; severely,7; slightly,26; total wounded,35. Total casualties,38. Commissioned officers, Captain W. C. Strong, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Brown, adjutant Junior Reserves, both slightly wounded. Lieutenant T. L. Dornin, C. S. Navy, wounded in foot. One of the three killed fell from the shot of a sharpshooters on our left flank. For the two days (24th and 25th), killed,3; wounded,61.

The enemy were seen in heavy force on our land face Monday morning, but made no demonstrations against us. This (Tuesday) morning, December 27, the foiled and frightened enemy left our shores.

I cannot speak too highly of the coolness and gallantry of my command. In the fierce bombardment of twelve hours by the left heaviest armed fleet that ever floated on the seas not one gun detachment was driven from their piece. The last gun on both days was fired by Ford Fisher. The battalion of the Thirty-sixth North Carolina Regiment that had helped to erect the works fought with a determination never to allow the enemy to take them, and the gallant officers and men representing the other artillery, organizations of the Old North State - Tenth North Carolina Regiment, First, Third, and Thirteenth Battalions North Carolina Artillery - equaled in bravery and heroism their comrades of the Thirty-sixth. Adams' light battery not only skillfully handled their Napoleons under the fire of sharpshooters in the evening, but in the day did effective service at the heavy guns.

Major James Reily, Tenth North Carolina Regiment, and Captain Daniel Munn, Thirty-sixth Regiment, my field officer, discharged their whole duty. To the coolness and experience of Major Reilly we are indebted for the defense of the land face, and to Captain Munn we owe our thanks for keeping one battle-flag always floating defiance to our foe.

My adjutant, Lieutenant George D. Parker, left his bed to repair to his post, but unable to attend to the arduous duties of adjutant, of which he was relieved by Lieutenant John N. Kelly, he went to the batteries and fought gallantly through the whole bombardment.

The excellent order in which the attack found the ammunition and armament of this fort is due mainly to the practical experience and

