
untiring energy of my ordnance men, at whose head is Ordnance-Serg. Montgomery Long, of Thirty-sixth North Carolina Regiment. I would be pleased to have his services rewarded by a commission.

The staff on the mound being unprovided with halyards, the battle-flag had not been raised when the garrison flag was shot away. The order was immediately given to raise the flag, when Private Christopher C. Bland, Company K, Thirty-sixth North Carolina Regiment, volunteered, and, climbing the staff under a heavy fire, fastened the flag to its top. At once a terrific fire was poured on the mound, and one end of the flag requiring to be fastened, Bland repeated the heroic deed, and unscathed by the fearful ordeal fastened the flag firmly to the staff, where it now floats, although torn and rent by fragments of shell.

During the bombardment on Sunday a burning shell fell into a gun chamber,when it was coolly extinguished and thrown out by Privates John Turner and J.h. Brisson, Company H, Thirty-sixth North Carolina Regiment.

Lieutenant W. H. Williford, Company F, Thirty-sixth North Carolina Regiment, and his gallant detachment never flinched from the Blakely in the redan, although the parapet in front was torn away and the gun and carriage splintered by shells.

I could mention numberless cases of daring equally deserving commendation, but I must leave them for the roll of honor. In the management of my long line of works it was impossible for me to see everything, and those acts observed among my own men attracted me most, as I knew the individual actors from our long association. I would make mention, however, of the detachment of officers, sailors, and marines from the navy, under Lieutenant Roby, who came as volunteers from Battery Buchanan to join us. Besides the severe bombardment of the enemy from which this detachment suffered their full share, they had another ordeal to try them. In the afternoon of Sunday both of their 7-inch Brooke rifles burst - one at 2.30 p.m. and one at 4 p.m. - wounding quite a number; but, undaunted, they asked for other guns to continue the skillful firing which they had so gallantly done during the whole bombardment.

The skillful and efficient manner in which our wounded and sick were cared for during this bombardment reflects the highest credit on Surgeon Singleton and his assistant surgeons.

I would mention the gallantry of my aide, Captain C. H. Blocker, in carrying my orders through the heaviest fire.

I am indebted to Major W. J. Sunders, of General Hebert's staff, for most valuable assistance in his department during the engagement.

To the presence of Major-General Whiting and his staff, Colonel Tansill, Major Hill, and Captain Strong, from the evening of the first day's bombardment to the retreat of the enemy, I owe much of the confidence I felt in my command and much of the enthusiasm which inspired the men throughout the fight.

I feel that to God we owe this great victory. I appealed to Him during the hours of trial, and He protected my men and gave my garrison that bravery and unconquerable heroism which held Fort Fisher against a formidable attack by sea and land, and which saved our homes from the invader.

As soon as full reports of officers are received I will furnish a list of those officers and men who were conspicuous for gallantry, to be forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General to be inscribed on the roll of honor.

