
of operations did not contemplate our attacking, our line was maintained until early in the forenoon of the following day, when the command slowly retired without molestation on the part of the enemy and marched to camp. The casualties during this affair were about 80.

During the remainder of the month the division occupied their intrenched line without any event of note transpiring.

[November.]-The division occupies the same position as per last return, without having engaged in any offensive or defensive operations as regards the enemy.

November 1.-Six regiments of this command, together with a force from the Eighteenth Army Corps, constituting a provisional division, under the command of Brigadier General J. R. Hawley, Second Brigade, embarked for New York, reporting to Major General B. F. Butler, and were assigned by him to duty at various points about the city, for service in suppressing any disturbance that might arise on the day of presidential election (November 8). Happily, their services were not required.

November 15.-General Hawley's troops embarked for their return, and reported for duty to their respective commands on the 17th.

First Brigade, First Division.

October 1.-Went on a reconnaissance toward Richmond, Va. Advanced nearly to the last defenses of the city. Returned without loss.

October 7.-Assisted in resisting an attack of the enemy on our works. Loss, 4 killed and 28 wounded.

October 9.-The One hundred and ninety-night Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers reported to the brigade.

October 13.-Went on a reconnaissance toward Richmond, Va. Met the enemy on the Darbytown road and drove in the pickets. Assaulting his works, was repulsed, with the loss of 9 killed, 153 wounded, 18 missing. The Eighty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers left for Jamestown Island.

October 27.-Went on a reconnaissance. Drove in the enemy's skirmishers across the Darbytown road. Remained in front of these works until next day, and then withdrew to camp, with a loss of 4 killed, 30 wounded, and 2 missing.

[November.]-The brigade has been laying in works near Richmond, Va., on the New Market road, performing picket and fatigue duty. The brigade during this month has received 491 recruits, volunteers, substitutes, and drafted men; all as yet unarmed.

Second Brigade, First Division.

[August.]-At the beginning of the month this brigade held and picketed the right of Bermuda Hundred entrenchments on the James River.

August 12.-In the evening the brigade received orders to prepare every available man to march at a moment's notice, with knapsacks and two days' rations. Six hundred of the Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery being engaged on the canal at Dutch Gap, the remainder of that battalion relieved the garrison of the Sixth Connecticut in Redoubt Carpenter.

August 13.-In the evening the brigade, accompanying the First Brigade of this division, marched to Deep Bottom, crossed the James there, and before daylight took position near the picket-line of the Third Brigade, which had been holding Deep Bottom.

