
Answer to question 11. I know of nothing particular that occurred.

Answer to question 12. One small rifle shot to pieces by enemy's shot.

The above is as true a statement as I can give of Saturday's fight.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. ARENDELL,

First Lieutenant Company F, Tenth Regiment North Carolina Troops.

Colonel WILLIAM LAMB,

Commanding Fort Fisher.

No. 16. Report of Lieutenant Irvin Fulford, Tenth North Carolina Regiment (First North Carolina Artillery).

FORT FISHER, December 29, 1864.

Report of Company K, Tenth North Carolina Regiment, during the bombardment of Fort Fisher on the 24th and 25th December, 1864:

Number of guns under my command, five 32-pounder smooth-bore.

December 24, about thirty vessels were in sight of my guns. I fired three shots and found that the wooden vessels were out of range, and I ceased firing. One gun dismounted by the carriage being broken. Nothing occurred during the night. December 25, the usual number of vessels came up, but being out of range I did not fire on them, but kept my men on the alert in case of a land attack. One gun evening, off the carriage and broke off at the muzzle by a shell. In the evening, about sundown, I saw the enemy advancing under cover of the houses in front of the fort. I opened on them with grape and canister. Gun No. 2 fired thirty rounds of grape, three shell, and twelve rounds canister; No. 3,nine rounds of grape and three shell; No. 5, fifteen rounds of grape, two shell, and eight canister. I did not capture any of the enemy, but am confident that I killed some.

I cannot mention any particular act of bravery, as all the men acted very well. Two of my rifles were broken by shell.

Killed, Private D. W. Murphy; wounded, Privates J. J. Rawls and Miles Murphy, slightly.

Respectfully submitted.

IRVIN FULFORD,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company K, Tenth North Carolina Regiment

No. 17. Report of Captain James L. McCormic, First North Carolina Artillery Battalion.

FORT CASWELL, December 29, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in the action of the 25th instant my company manned Bolles' and Rolling's batteries. Bolles' battery was immediately under the command of First Lieutenant J. T. Rankin, himself taking personal charge of the 8-inch gun; First Sergt. A. Shaw in command of the left one. These guns were fired slowly;

