
about twenty-five rounds altogether of which eleven were shell, with time fuse, the others bolts, reserving the percussion-shells for any attempt of the enemy to cross the bar. Rollins' battery was under my immediate direction, the left gun being in charge of First Lieutenant H. C. Evans, myself taking charge of the one on the right from Rollins' battery. We fired about sixty rounds altogether, eighteen of which were shell. A small boat of the enemy below the mound is claimed to have been destroyed by a shell from Lieutenant Evans' gun.

The middle frigate off the bar late in the evening, though so obstructed by a dense smoke as to prevent seeing the effect of our shot at her, was seen to send up a black smoke as if on fire. The enemy struck our battery several times, but did no material damage except the wounding of one man at Battery Bolles. The men behaved well at the guns.

Late in the evening I received orders while still serving the heavy pieces to go to the land face to repel an attack by infantry. I proceeded immediately, by direction of the colonel commanding, to the palisades in marsh to the right of Shepherd's battery and began a fusillade upon the enemy's sharpshooters, which I kept up so long as a flash from their guns could be seen in our front. I there remained in position. By direction of Major Reilly I reported with my company; joined two other companies, under command of Major R.; proceeded down the point as infantry; returned next morning and resumed my position at the palisades.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. L. McCORMIC.

Lieutenant G. D. PARKER,

Adjutant.

No. 18. Report of Lieutenant George D. Parker, Thirty-sixth North Carolina Regiment (Second North Carolina Artillery.)

Answer to question 1. Lieutenant Parker commanded the 8-inch columbiads on the left wing of Fort Fisher on December 24.

Answer to question 2. He fired about thirty rounds to each gun. He fired incendiary shell.

Answer to question 3. No men were wounded.

Answer to question 4. No damage was done to the guns, carriages, or battery.

Answer to question 5. The whole fleet were in sight of the guns.

Answer to question 6. The effect of the shots could not be ascertained.

Answer to question 7. All quiet during the night.

Answer to question 8. None of the enemy were captured or killed on land.

Answer to question 9. No advance was seen.

Answer to question 10. ----.

Answer to question 11. ----.

Answer to question 12. One Enfilade rifle was destroyed by a shot.

Answer to question 1. Lieutenant Parker commanded the Third Battery, composed of the 8-inch columbiad and Holland Battery (Parrott) on December 25.

