
Answer to question 6. Seven shots from 8-inch columbiad were seen to have entered one of the frigates, besides numbers from 10-inch and other guns.

Answer to question 7. Nothing of importance occurred at night more than firing of grape when enemy supposed to be landing.

Answer to question 8. No enemy captured or killed on land.

Answer to question 9. No advance of enemy seen on land.

Answer to question 10. All acted so well I cannot discriminate.

Answer to question 11. No particular incident occurred at my batteries during the fight.

Answer to question 12. No small-arms lost.

Respectfully submitted.

D. R. PERRY,

Lieutenant, Commanding Company B.

Colonel LAMB,

Commanding.

No. 21. Report of Captain Oliver H. Powell, Thirty-sixth North Carolina Regiment (Second North Carolina Artillery).

HEDRICK'S BATTERY, December 29, 1864.

COLONEL: On Saturday, the 24th, the first day of the fight, I had the honor of commanding Batteries Lenior and Roland. Battery Lenoir has two 7-inch rifles, but was not fired during the day, being under orders not to fire them without the fleet entered the inlet. Battery Roland has two 10-inch columbiads. No. 1 gun was manned by my first lieutenant; No. 2, by my second lieutenant,and was fired during the day fifty-three times - No. 1 forty-two times, Numbers eleven times. No casualties in the company during this day. No damage done the guns, carriages, or batteries. There were in sight of these batteries about thirty-five vessels during the day (Saturday); class - frigates, ironsides, and side-wheel steamers. There were quite a number of these shots that took effect. The wheel-house was seen to shiver at one of these shots, but usually the fog was so thick that the effect could not be seen. The night passed off quietly without firing or any disturbance.

Sunday, December 25, I commanded Hedrick's and Lenoir's batteries. Hedrick's has two 10-inch columbiads, and was fired twenty-five times - No. 1 thirteen times and No. 2 twelve times.

No casualties occurred among the men or officers at the guns, but during the day three privates were wounded - William J. Ward, jr., mortally (since dead), Henry Stricklin severely wounded at the mound, having been ordered there with two detachments to support Captain Brooks in repelling small boats which threatened a landing; also, Riley Everett was slightly wounded on the right knee. Damage to the carriages none, batteries slight. All has been repaired.

There were forty-two vessels in sight of our guns to-day - one iron-sides, three frigates, and other classes that I cannot name. The effect of the shots was not perceivable, the calmness of the weather allowing the smoke to prevent.

About 2 o'clock in the night picket-firing commenced near the mound. I was ordered to rake the beach with grape and canister, which I did

