
Damage to batteries, struck several times, but not seriously injured.

Vessels in sight of batteries unknown.

At Hedrick's battery eight shots took effect.

At mound seven shots took effect. Nothing of importance occurred at batteries at night.

Only one grape was fired during the evening.

No enemy captured or killed on land.

Saw no advance of enemy on land.

My company so far as I know all acted well. No conspicuous gallantry worthy of distinction.

No particular incident during the day.

Lost no small-arms by effect of enemy's shot.

F. W. BROOKS,

Captain, Commanding Company K, Thirty-sixth North Carolina Troops.

Colonel LAMB.

MOUND BATTERY, December 30, 1864.

COLONEL: The following contains the answers to the questions pounded in your communication of 28th instant for Sunday:

The guns manned by my company were 10-inch columbiad and 6.4-inch Brooke gun.

Ten-inch fired eleven times (shot) and Brooke shot nine times.

No casualties among my men.

No damage done to guns and carriages. Left prop and the traversing gear of 10-inch columbiad were torn off. Several shots of the enemy struck the mound and cut it considerably in some places, though not seriously.

Number of vessels in sight not known.

About eight shots from the battery thought to take good, effect.

The enemy attempted to land at my battery at night, but were repulsed by the picket-line, composed of forty men from Companies E and K, Thirty-sixth, before any assistance could reach them.

No grape nor canister fired.

Captured or killed no enemy on land.

Saw no advance of enemy by land.

No cases of conspicuous gallantry to report. The company all acted well.

W. F. BROOKS,

Captain, Commanding Company K.

Colonel LAMB.

No. 25. Report of Captain John M. Sutton, Third North Carolina Artillery Battalion.

FORT CASWELL, December 29, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on Sunday, the 25th of December, I commanded the four guns on the extreme left of Fort Fisher - Shepherd's battery: One 10-inch columbiad, one 32-pounder immediate command of Lieutenant Faison; the howitzer commanded by Lieutenant Frame. The 10-inch and one 8-inch were dismounted, and the carriage of the other 8-inch struck by a shell.

