
I had 8 privates and 2 non-commissioned officers wounded, 3 of the privates by falling of a gun, the others by the enemy's shell.

At night I commanded a 6-pounder at the gate on the extreme left.

J. M. SUTTON,

Captain, Commanding Company C, Third North Carolina Battalion.

Lieutenant G. D. PARKER, Adjutant.

No. 26. Report of Captain Zachariah T. Adams, Thirteenth North Carolina Artillery Battalion.

Report of the part taken in the fights of Saturday and Sunday, December 24 and 25:

Report of Battery Purdy, consisting of a 150-pounder Armstrong gun: No firing on Saturday, December 24. Opened on the enemy's fleet on Sunday evening about 3 p.m., firing one steel shot and three rounds of shell. I opened the Armstrong gun upon two large steamers and one large frigate, shooting the smokestack from one and silencing the frigate. The other ship was silenced and towed off. This gun was commanded by Lieutenant Charles H. Latham. No damage was done to this gun.

Report of Battery Bolles for Saturday, 24th of December, consisting of two guns - one double-banded rifle and one single banded: The battery fired to each gun forty rounds - fifteen rounds to the piece of time shell, twenty-five to each gun of percussion shell. I do not know the effects, as I could not see for the smoke, but am confident the enemy's ships were struck several times. I turned this battery over on the morning of 25th of December, guns in good order. This battery was commanded by Lieutenant Forbes and myself.

My light battery was brought into action Sunday afternoon at the sally-port, two guns in position, the enemy's sharpshooters in front. After the second round the enemy were dispersed. Fired six rounds canister to the piece; three of shell to each piece. Total, eighteen rounds fired.

My men as a general thing acted with gallantry throughout the engagement.

One limber to 12-pounder howitzer blown up by enemy's shell; five wheels disabled.

No casualties in my company.

I had under my charge during the action eight field pieces and three heavy guns.

Respectfully submitted.

Z. T. ADAMS,

Captain Co. D., Thirteenth North Carolina Battalion Artillery.

No. 27. Report of Lieutenant F. M. Roby, C. S. Navy.
HEADQUARTERS, Confederate Point, Fort Fisher, N. C.,[December -, 1864].

COLONEL: In obedience to your instructions I have the honor to make the following report of the naval battery of two 7-inch Brooke guns during the bombardment of the 24th and 25th instant:

About 12.40 on the 24th instant the fleet, approaching the fort in two columns, took position about one mile and a half distant and opened a

