
August 14.-At daylight the division, under command of Brigadier General A. H. Terry, moved forward, the First and Third Brigades, driving in the enemy's skirmish line, driving them out of their rifle-pits, this brigade supporting. The Sixth Connecticut was detailed to assist the Third Brigade, and, supporting the One hundredth New York, crossed Bailey's Creek to the right and took a battery of the enemy containing four 8-inch siege howitzers. A portion of the Seventh Connecticut, in throwing out skirmishers to protect two light batteries, lost 5 or 6 killed and wounded. The division remained on the Kingsland road until 9 o'clock at night. It the moved by the right flank to the New Market road, and down to Strawberry Plains to a position in the rear of the Second Corps.

August 15.-It moved to the right of the Second Corps to a position mear the mill pond at Deep Run.

August 16.-Reconnoitering for an advance in the morning, the brigade found in its front an impassable mill pond and ravine. General Foster (Third Brigade) then undertook to advance on our right, executing a gradual left wheel to turn the enemy's left, and drove him from his rifle-pits and picket-lines. This brigade followed in reserve and found the Third Brigade near the enemy's breast-works, and the First Brigade massed (column of battalion in line), formed on the right of the Third Brigade line, immediately behind; charged over breast-works and into fields and woods beyond, partially wheeled to the left, and held position for an hour; the Seventh New Hampshire was halted at the works and used to protect the right. The Thirty-ninth Illinois was on our right, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania on our left, and Craig's brigade, of the Second Corps, came up on our left to help. After losing half the officers and about one-third of the men out on this fled, and finding that all our friends had fallen back to the breast-works, we fell back there also, then farther to the rear, finally throwing up breast-works about on the picket-line seized in the morning, and remained through the night. Lost in the fight of the 16th (battle of Deep Run), 233.

August 18.-At night went back to and up on the Long Bridge road to Ruffin's. Held road until night of the 20th, when whole force (Second and Tenth Corps) recrossed the James.

August 24.-Started with the First Brigade (the Third Brigade and the rest of the Tenth Corps to follow) to relieve the Eighteenth Corps before Petersburg. Took to hold about 700 yards of the line, our left resting on the Suffolk railroad. Here remained through the month, losing some daily.

September 1 to 24.-The brigade held a portion of the line before Petersburg and participated in the labors of the siege.

September 24.-It was relieved by the Second Corps and bivouacked near Tenth Corps headquarters, where the corps was massed.

September 28.-It moved with the rest of the corps and formed part of the column which carried the enemy's works at Deep Bottom.

September 29.-In the afternoon it marched with the division (Terry's) to a point near Richmond, in support of General Kautz's cavalry.

September 30.-The brigade day bivouacked at Laurel Hill, on the New Market road.

October 1.-The brigade, commanded by Colonel J. C. Abbott (Brigadier-General Hawley having gone to Connecticut with discharged men of the Sixth and Seventh Regiments Connecticut Volunteers and to get recruits if possible), led a reconnaissance of the Tenth Corps toward Richmond on the Darbytown road. When within about three miles of

