
wounded, 1 gun carriage temporarily disabled by end of splinter-bar being shot off, 1 horse killed, and 1 wounded. The men and officers behaved well.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. SOUTHERLAND,

Captain, Commanding Light Battery I, Tenth North Carolina Troops.

Captain C. G. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 31. Report of Lieutenant F. M. Hamlin, Fourth Battalion North Carolina Junio Reserves.

HEADQUARTERS, Sugar Loaf, December 28, 1864.

Our command, composed of the Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth Battalions Junior Reserves, commanded by Major J. M. Reece, was ordered to report to Confederate Point by daylight on the morning of the 25th instant, remaining here without orders until the enemy opened on the fort. The men being without any protection, Major Reece was advised by Colonel Tansil to move where better protection could be obtained. We moved into the bomb-proofs of the fort, all that could be gotten in. Those who could not obtain protection here were carried by Major Reece to the breast-works at Camp Wyatt. Here the enemy, enfilading the works, I asked the major to move us to the beach of the river, where we remained until the small-arms were heard at the fort. I asked the major to move us to a position near the fort before it was dark. This he refused to do, saying it would be dangerous under the very heavy fire from the fleet of enemy. At dark he formed the command, numbering 150 or 200 men, some from each of the battalions, and moved of the column reached Craig's Landing. Here he was informed by a negro that the enemy had landed and our boys had opened on them from the fort. He here halted the column and was asked by several of the officers to throw forward a line of skirmishers. This he refused to do, first saying that it would be of no use. I was in command of the rear guard. Coming up, I halted. Hearing something in the field to the left, I advanced a short distance and found the enemy were deploying a line of skirmishers toward our position. I returned to my guard and ordered them to load their pieces, then seeing the rest of the command remaining still, I went to the head of the column and inquired for the major. I was informed that he had gone out to the front. I then turned and ordered the men to load their guns. Every man arose quickly, and whilst the men were in the act of loading I saw the major, accompanied by another person, coming toward me. I went out a short distance and met him, telling him of what I had seen, and he interrupted me by saying it was all over, he had surrendered to the captain I told him not to surrender, that the fort was still firing and we could get to it. He said it was all of no use for were surrounded. He then ordered the men to stop loading their guns and to march out. I then determined to make my escape the best way I could, and came out to the rear and did not see a Yankee anywhere. I arrived at this camp about 9 o'clock at night and reported to General Kirkland.

65 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

