
DECEMBER 10-15, 1864.-Scout from Core Creek to Southwest Creek, N. C. and skirmishes.

Report of Major Rowland R. West, Twelfth New York Cavalry.
HDQRS. TWELFTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Camp Palmer, near New Berne, N. C., December 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in accordance with instructions received I started with my command (which consisted of ten troops and a section of a howitzer battery, in all about 400 men) at daylight on the 10th instant, and proceeded to Core Creek, where I reported in person to Colonel Charles L. Upham, and was instructed by him to take the advance of the column, with my command. On reaching Mosely's Ford I engaged a party of the enemy who were stationed behind rifle-pits on the opposite bank and drove them from their position with a line of dismounted skirmishers and my howitzer section. On reaching Southwest Creek on the night of the 11th instant, I received instructions from the colonel commanding to send a squadron of my command up toward Kinston to feel the enemy; this squadron, under the command of Captain Van Valkenburg, met a party of about fifty of the enemy's cavalry about half a mile beyond Southwest bridge, and drove them some two miles. On the morning of the 12th instant I sent out a party of foragers under the command of Lieutenant Pierson, who were attacked about one mile from Southwest bridge by the enemy's cavalry and artillery, and compelled to retire after having accomplished their mission. On the morning of the 12th instant the enemy's artillery engaged my howitzer section at Southwest bridge, but were silenced after a spirited engagement of about twenty minutes. Returning I left Southwest Creek about 9 a.m. 13th instant, and reached this camp without any occurrence on the morning of the 15th instant. I append a list of casualties and seizures:

Casualties: Private Daniel W. Herman, C Troop, taken prisoner between Southwest bridge and Kinston, on the charge of the enemy on our foraging party; Private Alexander Davidson, howitzer section, slightly wounded by explosion of a shell during the artillery engagement at Southwest bridge on the morning of the 12th instant; 1 horse in D Troop, lost in charge of Captain Van Valkenburg on the enemy on the night of 11th instant; 1 horse in I Troop, abandoned as unfit to travel.

Seizure: One horse, captured by Captain H. Watkins, I Troops, and in service in his troops in lieu of one abandoned; 1 horse captured in E Troop; 1 horse captured and turned over to regimental quartermaster.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. R. WEST,

Major Twelfth New York Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain E. T. PARKINSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 11-19, 1864.-Operations about Broadwater Ferry and Chowan River, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Israel Vogdes, U. S. Army, commanding U. S. Forces, Portsmouth, Va.

HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NORFOLK AND PORTSMOUTH, December 19, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the return of the expedition sent out December 11, 1864, in obedience to telegraphic orders from Lieutenant-General Grant, to communicate with Major-General Warren.

