
the city the entire brigade deployed as skirmishers and advanced under a heavy artillery fire to within two miles of the rebel capital. Loss about ---. Returning to its position in reserve on and rear the New Market road, in rear of the right flank of the Tenth Corps (which was on the right of the Eighteenth Corps), the Seventh Connecticut only being deployed in line on the right, it remained until the 7th, when the rebel divisions of Hoke and Field drove back General Kautz's cavalry and attempted to turn the right flank. The First Division, Tenth Corps, was thrown as a refused line to meet them and the weight of onset fell on this brigade. After a close and hot fight, in which the brigade did not recede an inch, a portion of the enemy's line coming within fifty yards, the rebels were signally repulsed. The brigade lost 137. This refused line was then strongly fortified with a good breast-work and two redans.

October 12.-Brigadier-General Hawley returned and resumed command.

October 13.-The First and Third Divisions reconnoitered on the Darbytown road a mile or two above Johnson's or Timberlake's house. This brigade had its left on that road and pressed the enemy into his works, the Seventh Connecticut as skirmishers, the Sixth Connecticut and Sixteenth New York [Heavy Artillery] in the first line, deployed, the Third and Seventh New Hampshire in the second line reserved. After holding the enemy in his works all day and skirmishing sharply (the Third New Hampshire going to the First Brigade as a reserve for its assault) we returned to our entrenchments with a loss of 51.

October 20.-The command of the Third Division fell on Brigadier-General Hawley and Colonel Abbott took command of the brigade.

October 27 and 28.-The command took part in a reconnaissance on the right of the lines on the Darbytown and Charles City roads, the skirmishers of the brigade resting their right on the last-named point. It remained during the two days, returning on the evening of the latter date. The fighting was entirely on the skirmish line. Loss in killed, wounded, and missing, 28.

October 29.-Brigadier-General Hawley resumed command, and until the end of the month the brigade remained in the entrenchments.

November 1 and 2.-In camp just on the right of the New Market road, Henrico County, Va., on the precise ground on which the brigade repulsed the enemy on October 7.

November 2.-At night Brigadier-General Hawley received orders to break camp and report by daylight on the river at Deep Bottom, leaving only the detachment of the Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery in camp; reported as ordered. General Hawley being put in command of additional forces-comprising the Provisional Division-four other regiments from this division (First Division, Tenth Corps), and five from the Eighteenth Corps. Colonel Abbott assumed command of one brigade in the temporary organization, and Colonel Rockwell of the other.

November 3.-Embarked, changing vessels at Fort Monroe.

November 6.-Reported, as ordered, to Major-General Butler, at New York. The infantry (this brigade included) disembarked at Fort Richmond; the artillery at Fort Hamilton.

November 7.-At night, and 8th, in the morning (election day), all the troops embarked again. Colonel Abbott, with the Seventh New Hampshire and Seventh Connecticut, on the armed transport Augusta, took post off Catharine Street Ferry, East River. Colonel Rockwell, with the Sixth Connecticut and others, on the John Romer, off the foot of West Twenty-sixth street, North River, and Lieutenant-Colonel

