
Randlett, with the Third New Hampshire (under Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, One hundred and twelfth New York), on the ferry-boat Westfield, off West Forty-second street, North River. The other troops were similarly disposed about the city, Brigadier-General Hawley commanding the whole. Major-General Butler's headquarters were at the Hoffman House. The troops remained thus until November 11, when they disembarked again at Forts Richmond and Hamilton, retaining sufficient transports for use in case of an emergency.

November 14 and 15.-Re-embarked on sea-going transports; the artillery were later.

November 17.-The troops of this brigade disembarked at Deep Bottom, and returned to their former and present position, as above. General Hawley resumed the command of the brigade.

November 30.-Was passed in rebuilding their utterly destroyed huts, receiving, equipping, and drilling recruits, road building, and other ordinary picket and fatigue duty.

Third Brigade, First Division.

October 7.-Repulsed a determined attack of the enemy to turn our right flank.

October 13 and 27.-Made successful reconnaissance on the Darbytown road. On the latter date recaptured and re-established the vedette and picket-line.

November 1.-The Eleventh Maine and Tenth Connecticut Volunteers were detached from this brigade and assigned temporarily to the command of Brigadier-General Hawley, and accompanied the expedition to New York Harbor.

November 17.-Rejoined the brigade. The Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery was temporarily assigned to this brigade on the 1st and relieved on the 18th. The Two hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers was assigned to the brigade on the 1st instant.

Second Division.

August 1.-Division went into camp near Hatcher's, Va.

August 13 to 21.-The Second and Third Brigades at Deep Bottom, Va., and participated in the different engagements during that time.

August 21.-The Second and Third Brigades returned to camp near Hatcher's, Va.

August 28.-Division was relieved by General Ames' division, Eighteenth Corps, and came to the entrenchments near Petersburg, where it had remained up to the present time [August 31.]

[September.]-This division was on duty near Petersburg up to the 28th of the month, at which time it took up the line of march for Deep Bottom, on the James River.

September 29.-Battle at Chaffin's farm; division engaged; loss quite heavy. The remainder of the month manned the line of works near Chaffin's farm.

[October.]-This division had during the month been guarding the line of works near Chaffin's farm, on the north side of the James River.

October 27.-Battle of Darbytown road; loss in division, 311.

[November.]-The division during the month has been guarding the line of works near Chaffin's farm, Va., on the north side of the James River.

