
p.m. of the 28th, when, in obedience to orders, the brigade moved back to camp and occupied its old position, where it remains at the time of forwarding this report [October 31.]

Third Division.

October 13.-Division took part in reconnaissance on Darbytown road.

October 27 and 28.-In reconnaissance near the Kell house, Va.

In both reconnaissance only the skirmish lines of the division were engaged with the enemy.

[November.]-This division has been stationed near the New Market road, near Richmond, Va., since last return.

First Brigade, Third Division.

September 24.-The brigade was withdrawn from the trenches in front of Petersburg, Va.

September 28.-Moved across the Appomattox and James River to Deep Bottom, Va.

September 29.-Moved out from Deep Bottom. In the afternoon participated in an assault on Fort Gilmer, a rebel earth-work near Chaffin's farm, which was unsuccessful.

September 30.-Took part in engagement at Fort Harrison, Chaffin's farm, in which the enemy were repulsed, with loss. The loss of the brigade in these two engagements amounted to 434 officers and men.

[October.]-Engaged in two reconnaissance to the right.

October 13.-Darbytown road: 1 officer-Second Lieutenant J. G. Kribs, Ninth U. S. Colored Troops-wounded, 2 enlisted men killed and 10 wounded. Returned to camp same day.

October 27 and 28.-Kell's house:Brigade slightly engaged in skirmishing. Losses, 1 officer-Captain A. H. Cheney, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops-slightly wounded and 1 enlisted man killed and 32 wounded.

Remainder of time have been engaged in regular routine of camp life.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

October 6.-The brigade was formed and commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Armstrong, Ninth U. S. Colored Troops, who was relieved, in accordance with Special Orders, No. 16, headquarters Third Division, by Colonel U. Doubleday, of the Forty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, October 8, 1864, and he in turn was relieved by Colonel E. Wright, Tenth U. S. Colored Troops, who assumed command in compliance with Special Orders, No. 27, headquarters Third Division, Tenth Army Corps, October 29, 1864.

October 12.-The brigade, under Colonel Doubleday, with the rest of the corps, went on a reconnaissance a short distance beyond the Kell house, but returned without doing anything.

October 13.-Went on a reconnaissance on the Darbytown road in company with most of the corps. At night, after skirmishing all day, fell back in good order, having lost during the day in killed and wounded, 55.

October 27.-This brigade, with the First Brigade, was on the left of the Tenth Corps and occupied the woods in front of the Kell house. Skirmished all day and all night, when relieved by the First Brigade. Lost during the day about 70 killed and wounded.

