
October 28.-In the afternoon fell back to camp which it has occupied since formation.

[November.]-The brigade has been engaged during the month in repairing roads, fortifications, and building camps.

November 2.-The Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops and One hundred and twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops joined the brigade per Special Orders, No. 31, headquarters Third Division, Tenth Army Corps. By the same order the Twenty-ninth Connecticut Colored Volunteers were transferred to First Brigade, Third Division, Tenth Corps.

EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

[August.]-In obedience to orders of date August 24, 1864, from department headquarters (Special Orders, No. 232), the Eighteenth Corps was relieved from the trenches in front of Petersburg, Va., by the Tenth Corps. The corps removed to the west side of the Appomattox, taking up positions along the line of works extending from the Appomattox to the James, the headquarters being established at Hatcher's farm, near Bermuda Hundred, Va.

October 1 to 26.-The corps occupied the position gained by them in the engagement of September 29.

October 27.-In the morning the corps made a demonstration on the enemy's left, the object being to prevent their sending troops across the James River to re-enforce their right, which demonstration being highly successful, the corps returned and occupied their former position on the 29th, which position it now [October 31] occupies.

First Division.

August 26.-The division left the trenches in front of Petersburg at night and moved to its present camp, near Bermuda Hundred. Nothing of importance occurred in the division during the month.

First Brigade, First Division.

[October.]-The command has been stationed at Fort Burnham (lately known as Fort Harrison) until October 26, when it moved, taking the advance of the Eighteenth Army Corps in the march to Seven Pines, on the Williamsburg turnpike.

October 27.-Participated in the operations of that movement.

October 28.-Returned to Fort Burnham in the evening.

October 30.-Moved to the right of Fort Burnham, the left of the brigade now resting at the right of that fort.

The command has been actively employed working on earth-works, &amp;c., near this place.

November 3.-The Eighty-first and Ninety-eighth [New York] Regiments of this brigade marched to Deep Bottom, Va., embarked that day and proceeded to New York with other forces of the department. Remained in New York Harbor until the night of the 14th, when they sailed for Deep Bottom, Va.

November 17.-Arrived at Deep Bottom and marched to camp at this place and resumed position in the front line, where, with the remainder of the brigade, they are at present [November 30.]

The command is in a good state of efficiency, but, being very much reduced in numbers, requires many recruits to make it fully effective as a brigade.

