
First Brigade, Second Division.

August 26.-Command moved from the front before Petersburg to near Point of Rocks.

Second Brigade, Second Division.

[August.]-The brigade lay in the trenches before Petersburg (participating in the engagement of the 5th instant) until the 25th, when it moved across the Appomattox and now [August 31] lies encamped near Point of Rocks, Va. It has become during the campaign much reduced in numbers.

September 1 to 28.-This brigade was stationed on the line of trenches between the James and Appomattox Rivers.

September 29.-In the morning took up our line of march, crossing the James River at Jones' Landing, where we soon met the enemy and participated in the assaults and carrying of the enemy's works on that day, and the repulse of the enemy's charges on the 30th.

The colonel commanding takes pleasure in saying that he cannot bestow too much praise upon the officers and men of this brigade for their courage and fidelity.

[October.]-This brigade has for the last month been stationed in the trenches on the north side of the James, upon the left of Fort Burnham.

October 26.-The brigade was withdrawn from the line.

October 27.-Took up their line of march, crossing at the head of White Oak Swamp, striking the Williamsburg turnpike at Fair Oaks, where we met the enemy. A portion of the Eighth Maine, deployed as skirmishers and led by Lieutenant-Colonel McArthur, charged the enemy's works, losing over 50 men and 1 officer. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon the gallant McArthur and the men and officers under him.

Third Division.

August 3.-Brigadier-General Paine relieved General Carr in command of the division, and the division was reorganized same date by orders from headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, as per report of organizations on the back of this return.

The Second Brigade remained on duty before Petersburg until the 25th, when, with division headquarters, it was removed to Deep Bottom, Va. The headquarters of the First Brigade are near Petersburg, the Thirty-seventh Regiment, of the First Brigade, is on detached service at Wilson's Wharf. The headquarters of the Third Brigade is at Deep Bottom. The brigade is on detached service-the Tenth Regiment at City Point, and the Fourth and Sixth Regiments at Dutch Gap. The headquarters of the Second U. S. Colored Cavalry is at Deep Bottom. The First U. S. Colored Cavalry was ordered to Fort Monroe, Va., by the order reorganizing the division.

September 29.-The entire division, with the exception of the Tenth U. S. Colored Troops, moved from Deep Bottom, and was successfully engaged in the assault on the enemy's works, losing heavily in officers and men.

The division now [September 30] occupied the left of the line held by the Eighteenth Army Corps, near Chaffin's Bluff.

[October.]-The division occupies the extreme left of the line on the north side of the James.

