
October 27.-The First and Second Brigades of the division moved to the right with a portion of the Eighteenth Corps. The Second Brigade was temporarily attached to the Second Division. The First Brigade, under command of Colonel J. H. Holman, engaged the enemy in their works on the Nine-Mile road. The command withdrew from their advanced position on the evening of the same day, and on the following day returned to their former position, which it now [October 31] occupies.

[November.]-The division occupies the same position on the line as at last report.

First Brigade, Third Division.

August 3.-The division reorganized and announced in General Orders, No. 90, headquarters Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, the First Brigade to consist of the First, Twenty-second, and Thirty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops. The First and Twenty-second went into camp near the signal tower on General Butler's line, and the Thirty-seventh was on picket on the south side of the Appomattox River, headquarters near the signal tower.

August 25.-Brigadier General William Birney assumed command of the Third Division, Tenth Army Corps, and designated the First and Twenty-second Regiments as his Second Brigade. He crossed the Appomattox and the regiments lay in the trenches near the mine until the 28th, when they were relieved and went into the trenches near the Hare house.

The Thirty-seventh was ordered to Wilson's Wharf, and on the night of September 1 the brigade headquarters were moved with the First Regiment to Harrison's Landing.

September 1.-Brigade headquarters, with the First U. S. Colored Troops, were ordered to Harrison's Landing, James River, Va., by orders from headquarters Third Division, Tenth Army Corps. General Birney, having assumed command of the Third Division, Tenth Army Corps, designated the First and Twenty-second Regiments U. S. Colored Troops as his Second Brigade, leaving the Twenty-second Regiment U. S. Colored Troops behind in General Birney's command. The Thirty-seventh remained at Wilson's Wharf, Va., until the 28th, when it joined the First U. S. Colored Troops at Harrison's Landing, and, with brigade headquarters, proceeded to Deep Bottom, arriving on the morning of the 29th, where the Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops, having been previously relieved from duty with the Third Brigade, Tenth Army Corps, joined us, and our brigade formed in line on the right and participated in the fight all day. At night the First Brigade was ordered to the left and worked all night, throwing up works in rear of the fort on Chaffin's farm.

September 30.-In the morning the enemy charged our line and the fort. Our loss was slight.

[October.]-The troops of this brigade remained in the trenches in their old position on the left until the morning of the 26th, when they were withdrawn and marched to the rear some two miles, for the purpose of getting rations and ammunition.

October 27.-Starting at 5 a.m., marched for the enemy's works in front of Richmond in rear of the column. Arriving at the Williamsburg road, we found the head of the column already engaged. The brigade was soon ordered to proceed to the right across the York River Railroad, and advanced up the Nine-Mile road until within sight of the

