
enemy's fortifications, which we found about one mile above Fair Oaks Station. We attacked and carried a redoubt, but were unable to hold it and soon fell back to the Williamsburg road.

October 28.-Marched back to our old position on the left and still remain there [October 31.]

Second Brigade, Third Division.

[September.]-The entire brigade has been encamped at Deep Bottom, Va., during the month.

September 29.-It advanced, assaulting the works of the enemy at New Market Heights, carrying them.

September 30.-Occupied a position on Chaffin's Bluff during the attempt of the enemy to retake that position, but took no immediate part in that action. In the afternoon moved to a position below Chaffin's Bluff and intrenched.

[October.]-The brigade has occupied the same position during the entire month, excepting an absence of three days on the reconnaissance of this corps on the 26th, 27th, and 28th at Seven Pines and Fair Oaks, Va., during which it took part in no engagement.

[November.]-The brigade has occupied the same position in the trenches since last return, without any new operations.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

August 3.-The brigade was relieved in trenches in front of Petersburg; marched to and encamped near Point of Rocks.

August 16.-The Fourth and Sixth Regiments U. S. Colored Troops ordered to Dutch Gap, Va.

August 25.-The Tenth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops marched across the Appomattox, and was assigned to position in trenches in front of Petersburg; brigade headquarters moved to south side of Appomattox, near Petersburg front.

August 26.-Brigade headquarters moved to Deep Bottom.

August 27.-The Tenth U. S. Colored Troops ordered to City Point.

August 31.-Brigade headquarter remain at Deep Bottom. The Fourth and Sixth U. S. Colored Troops remain at Dutch Gap. The Tenth U. S. Colored Troops remain at City Point.

September 1.-The Fourt and Sixth U. S. Colored Troops at Dutch Gap, Va.; brigade headquarters at Deep Bottom, Va.

September 10.-Brigade headquarters moved to Dutch Gap.

September 28.-The Fourth and Sixth U. S. Colored Troops moved to Deep Bottom on transports.

September 29.-The Fourth and Sixth U. S. Colored Troops moved out of the works at Deep Bottom and advanced toward the New Market road; met the enemy at daylight; drove in his pickets and charged his line of rifle-pits at New Market Heights; advanced to Laurel Hill Church; then marched to Chaffin's Bluff and bivouacked.

September 30.-Moved into the works on the right of Fort Harrison. In the afternoon moved down the Varina road and bivouacked on Chaffin's farm, about a quarter of a mile east of Fort Harrison; threw up breast-works during the night. The Tenth U. S. Colored Troops was at City Point during the month, doing provost guard duty.

[October.]-The Fourth and Sixth U. S. Colored Troops were on duty in the entrenchments on Chaffin's farm, Va.; during the month.

The Tenth U. S. Colored Troops were on duty at City Point, Va., during the month.

