
[November.]-The Fourth and Sixth U. S. Colored Troops were in the entrenchments on the left of the line of the Eighteenth Army Corps until the 4th, at which time they went into camp in reserve near the center and a short distance in the rear of the line of the Eighteenth Army Corps. The Tenth U. S. Colored Troops have been doing provost duty, &amp;c., at City Point, Va., during the month.

Provisional Brigade.

November 3.-Sent the One hundred and seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Troops to the front at Fort Brady.

November 7.-Left camp at Cox's field and occupied the new line in front of Deep Bottom with two regiments by order of Major-General Weitzel, commanding Eighteenth Army Corps.

November 27.-Assigned command of post at Deep Bottom, with detachments of 150 men and 3 officers of the Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, on provost duty, and with the One hundred and ninth U. S. Colored Troops, on duty in the lines in front of the post, by order of Major-General Terry, commanding Tenth Army Corps.

TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS.*

First Division.

December 4.-The First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, organized under instructions from department headquarters.

December 10.-The enemy made a reconnaissance in force on the right of this division, but retired without any serious attack after driving in the pickets.

First Brigade, First Division.

[December.]-The brigade has been lying in works near Richmond, Va., on the New Market road, performing picket and fatigue duty.

Second Brigade, First Division.

[December.]-During this month the brigade has remained in its position at the angle of the line of entrenchments just on the right of the New Market road, near Cox's, where it fought October 7, without any incident in its history, save the going done home of the men of the Seventh New Hampshire, whose three years' term had expired, and the arrival of a moderate percentage of the substitutes sent from home. Building huts and corduroy road, picket duty, and drill occupied the time.

Fourt Brigade, First Division.

December 10.-Field's division, of Longstreet's corps, of the enemy, appeared in our front on a reconnaissance. After the cavalry pickets were driven in the Eighth Maine became slightly engaged, and slight skirmishing continued during the day, during which Captain Henry E. Tozier, Eighth Maine Volunteers, and 6 enlisted men of that regiment were killed and 4 wounded. The enemy retired after dark.

---------------

*Organized by the consolidation of the white infantry troops of the Tenth and Eighteenth Army Corps, in accordance with General Orders, No. 297, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, December 31, 1864; commanded by Major General E. O. C. Ord.

---------------

