
Second Division.

December 1 to 7.-This division was encamped at Chaffin's farm, when it received marching orders; marched to Bermuda Hundred.

December 8.-Embarked on transports for Fort Fisher, N. C.

December 28.-The expedition proving unsuccessful, the division returned to its old camp at Chaffin's farm, where it now [December 31] remains.

Second Brigade, Second Division.

[December.]-The monthly report for November left this brigade in the entrenchments near Chaffin's farm, Va., where it remained until the 7th.

December 7.-About 4 p.m. the brigade was formed into line and proceeded to Bermuda Hundred.

December 8.-Reached Bermuda Hundred at 8 a.m. and immediately embarked on board the steamers Perit, Eliza Moore, and Idaho, and proceeded down the James River to Fort Monroe, where the fleet remained at anchor until the 13th, when the vessels were got under way and proceeded up the Potomac River to Matthias Point; then turned back and proceeded to sea and sailed southward.

December 15.-Arrived off Wilmington, N. C., and remained there until the morning of the 19th, when the vessels were ordered to Beaufort, N. C., for the purpose of taking in coal and water.

December 24.-Got under way and steamed back to old position off Wilmington, and at about 12 m., while the gun-boats were bombarding the fort, a part of the brigade was landed, but was ordered to re-embark before engaging the enemy.

December 27.-Started for Fort Monroe; arrived there about sunset on the 29th.

December 30.-Proceeded up the James and landed at Deep Bottom at 7 p.m., and marched back to old position near Chaffin's farm, Va., where the brigade remains at the present time.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

December 7.-The brigade broke camp, excepting the Ninth Maine Volunteers, and marched to the Bermuda Hundred front; bivouacked for the night.

December 8.-Marched to Bermuda Landing; embarked on board transports and sailed for Fort Monroe. After being on board the transports about one week, and suffering the usual hardships incident thereto, received orders to get under way and put to sea; sailed for the coast of North Carolina. Disembarked on the beach on Federal Point, N. C., about two miles from the rebel work Fort Fisher.

December 25.-Commenced to advance on that work; when within about one mile received orders to re-embark immediately; commenced the work at once, but owing to the very heavy surf on the beach did not complete the re-embarkation until the 27th instant.

December 27.-Sailed for Fort Monroe, Va.; thence up the James River to Jones' Landing; disembarked and marched to our old camp, arriving there on the 30th.

First Division, Department of West Virginia (attached).

December 19.-The division left Camp Russell, near Winchester, Va.; went to Washington by cars; thence to this point by transports.

