
The larger portion of the First Division, commanded by General C. J. Paine, formed a part of the expeditionary corps that sailed from Fort Monroe, Va., on December 10, under command of Major-General Butler, contemplating an assault on Wilmington, N. C.

December 30.-The troops returned, having suffered little or no loss. Major General G. Weitzel was in command of the infantry force of the expedition. The infantry troops of the corps have performed the usual fatigue, picket duty, &amp;c.; have been instructed in company, battalion, and skirmish drills, and are rapidly improving in discipline and efficiency.

This corps holds the line of works near Chaffin's farm, Va., which has been heretofore held by the Eighteenth Army Corps.

First Division.

[December.]-The division was organized, by confidential order from headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, December 1, 1864.

December 7.-The division headquarters, the Second Brigade, with the Thirtieth Regiment of the First Brigade, temporarily attached, left camp before Richmond, and accompanied the expedition to Fort Fisher.

December 23.-Returned to camp before Richmond.

First Brigade, First Division.

[December.]-The brigade was organized on the 2nd instant. During the month a portion of the command (First and Thirtieth Regiments) has been absent with the expedition against Wilmington, N. C.

Second Brigade, First Division.

December 7.-The brigade being part of the expeditionary force against Wilmington, N. C., left camp at Chaffin's farm, Va.

December 8.-Embarked on transports at Bermuda Landing at night.

December 25.-About 150 officers and men of the Fourth U. S. Colored Troops landed above Fort Fisher and immediately re-embarked. On the return of the expedition the brigade disembarked at Bermuda Hundred.

December 30.-Reached its old camp at Chaffin's farm.

The Thirtieth U. S. Colored Troops was temporarily attached to the brigade for the purposes of the expedition, joining December 7.

Third Brigade, First Division.

December 31.-Moved from the defenses of Bermuda Hundred to a point on the left of Fort Burnham, across the James River.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

[December.]-The Twenty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops on detached duty at City Point, Va.

The Thirty-first U. S. Colored Troops on an expedition between the Rappahannock and Potomac Rivers, for the purpose of driving out guerrillas. They left camp on December 14 and returned on the 24th without any casualties.

December 30.-The brigade left the defenses of Bermuda Hundred, and arrived at present camp, near Bailey's house, Va., same day.

