
Second Brigade, Third Division.

[December.]-The Second Brigade was organized on December 5, and has occupied the line of breat-works between Fort Burnham and Battery No. 3 since that date.

December 10.-Captain E. C. McFarland and one private of the Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops were wounded on the picket-line in front of the Forty-first.

CAVALRY DIVISION.

First Brigade.

[August.]-This brigade has been doing picket duty during this month from Petersburg and Weldon Railroad toward Fort Powhatan, on the James River.

Second Brigade.

The brigade performed picket duty in neighborhood of Lee's Mill from July 31 to August 2.

August 3.-Marched from Lee's Mill to the line of Mount Sinai Church and Cocke's Mill, Prince George County, Va.

August 4 to 18.-Performed picket duty on that line.

August 18.-Left the picket-line and reported to Major-General Warren, Fifth Army Corps, near Reams' Station, on the 19th.

August 21 to 25.-The brigade participated in the following engagements: 21st, on Weldon railroad and skirmish with cavalry on Vaughan road; 22d, skirmish on Vaughan road; 23rd, cavalry action at Reams' Station; 24th, skirmish with cavalry on the Weldon railroad below Reams' Station; 25th, battle of Reams' Station, under command of Major-General Hancock, Second Corps.

August 26 to 31.-Brigade doing picket duty on line from Mount Sinai and Sycamore Churches, Va., until September 16, when the line was broken by a dash of rebel cavalry, resulting in the killing and capturing of 216 officers and men from this brigade; pursued the enemy until the morning of the 17th, when the brigade, returning, established a new line from Rollins' house to Cocke's Mill, Va.

[September.]-The brigade performed picket duty on the in of Mount Sinai and Sycamore Churches, Va., until September 16, when the line was broken by a dash of rebel cavalry, resulting in the killing and capturing of 216 officers and men from this brigade; pursued the enemy until the morning of the 17th, when the brigade, returning, established a new line from Rollins' house to Cocke's Mill, Va.

September 26.-Changed picket-line; established a new line, extending from Bland's house to Coggins' Point, Va., on the James River.

September 27.-Were relieved from picket-line by Brigadier-General Davies, Second Cavalry Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac, and moved to Jones' Neck, Va., via Prince George Court-House and pontoon bridge across the Appomattox River.

September 30.-Established headquarters near Johnson's house, Va.

[October.]-The brigade has been constantly on picket duty for the last month; engaged the enemy at Johnson's far, Va., October 7 and 13, and on the Williamsburg pike on the 27th; brigade constantly on hard and arduous duty.

[November.]-The brigade has been performing arduous picket duty for the past month in the face of the enemy on the line north of the James.

