
with the general topographical features of the country. This map is now completed, with the exception of the lettering. It comprises the entire line from the Appomattox to the Weldon road, and thence back to the Blackwater Swamp. It is my intention to have it photographed for immediate distribution, and subsequently engraved, should my views be entertained by the commanding general. Drawings of the plans and profiles are now being made of Forts Sedgwick, Wadsworth, Rice, Alexander Hays, Dushane, Howard, Meikel, Morton, and Haskell, by four assistants detailed from the Engineer Battalion. When finished, copies will be respectfully submitted. The line from Fort Haskell to Fort McGilvery has been undergoing some alterations. As soon as it is definitely traced a survey will be made of it, and plans prepared of the latter fort and Fort Stedman. Several drawings of batteries are also being constructed. Captain Paine has continued during the week the reconnaissance of the roads toward the south, particularly of those along the line of cavalry pickets between the Blackwater and the James, and has obtained some additional information. Through the kindness of General Kautz several new roads have been laid down on the Petersburg sheet, one of the series of the campaign maps. This sheet has been partly finished from actual surveys as far as I have been able to extend them for the present, and the rest compiled from various authorities. Two photograph copies,* each united with one of the Dinwiddie Court-House sheets, are respectfully forwarded with this report. On one the present line is sketched and colored in blue. The Hanover Court-House has also just been completed. This is also one of the series of campaign maps. Together with the Culpeper, Spotsylvania Court-House, and Fredericksburg sheets, it has been forwarded to New York to be engraved. The only one of the series of campaign maps remaining incomplete is the Richmond sheet. With the exception of the lettering this is also ready to be engraved. The northern part of the "Copy of section of photograph map, captured from the enemy, &amp;c.", will be completed in one or two days and immediately forwarded to be photographed. The "Sketch showing the positions of the forts and batteries" has been photographed, and the "List of field-works, their armaments and garrisons," prepared by this department and referred to in my last report, has been printed and copies furnished the adjutant-general at these headquarters for distribution. During the last two days the names and numbers of the forts and batteries have been designated by suitable signboards.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. MICHLER,

Major of Engineers, U. S. Army, Acting Chief Engineer.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Armies of the U. S., City Point, Va.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

October 8, 1864.

COLONEL: Since the date of previous report on the 24th ultimo, in regard to the engineering operations in this army, the following statement will set forth the nature and extent of the duties performed during the last two weeks by the officers and men of the engineer department, which I respectfully submit for the information of Lieutenant-General Grant.

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

