
The gorge of Battery Numbers 26 was closed by an infantry parapet. Platforms were laid in Fort McGilvery and the gorges of Batteries 8 and 9 partially closed. Major Brainerd reports that from the 25th of September to the 28th, inclusive. Captain McGrath was engaged with his own company and a daily detail of 100 infantry in getting out and preparing material for a fraise in front of Fort Sedgwick, and Captain Pettes, with parts of Companies D, G, and M, was engaged each nigh in putting this fraise in position. On the evening of the 28th 925 feet of this fraise had been built in front of the fort in addition to the old abatis and wire entanglement. Captain Schenck reports that on the evening of the 28th an infantry parapet had been built in the rear of Fort Sedgwick, but it had not been finished in the substantial manner that it would have been had a sufficient detail been furnished or more time given. The curtain across the Jerusalem plank road had been placed in condition for defense by infantry, and the platform for one gun in this curtain partially built, but the embrasure not opened. At Fort Alexander Hays the magazine was finished, all the timber work of the bomb-proof completed, and the whole nearly covered. The stockade at the entrance was about half done. Captain Hine had fully completed the exterior works of Fort McMahon, and the magazine and bomb-proof were finished ready for covering with earth. He reports that about two days' work of 100 men would have finished this work. The parapets of Fort Blaisdell were rivetted of 100 men would have finished this work. The parapets of Fort Blaisdell were rivetted and nearly completed, and the internal works, except the magazine, were advanced.

Captain Van Brocklin reports the work at Fort Stevenson in the following condition: The front parapet nearly completed, with the exception of reverting the embrasures. The parapet on the flanks, about two feet below the proper height, and the rear about three-fourths complete. The banquette and ramps for the barbette platforms were in an unfinished state. The magazines were completed, with the exception of the entrances. Captain Dexter had nearly completed the parapets of Fort Kelly; the platforms for four guns in embrasure were finished, and the ramps and bank for two barbette guns made, but the platforms were not laid. The banquettes were completed, the magazines finished, except the lining, and partially covered. Captain Palmer reported Battery Numbers 40 as being nearly completed on Wednesday evening, requiring the labor of about 300 men for one day to complete a portion of the parapet and banquette. I neglected to mention in my report of last week that the corduroy road from the Jerusalem plank road was completed. Lieutenant Bacon reports it to be 1,400 feet in length. It has about 600 feet of side track and twenty-eight turn-outs. At about 10 o'clock on the evening of the 28th of September all the engineer officers and troops of this command were withdrawn from the several forts and batteries by your order and concentrated at my camp. During the several forts and batteries by your order and concentrated at my camp. During the night I sent five companies to take charge of the six pontoon trains which I had parked near City Point, with instructions to Captain McDonald to have the trains ready to move at a moment's notice. About 11 a.m. on the 30th I received orders from General Williams to send one-half my command then in camp to occupy Fort Bross. I sent Major Brainerd with parts of three companies, in all about 280 men. One company was placed in the fort and one company deployed as skirmishers on each side of the fort. Pickets were also sent out in front and on the left toward the Blackwater Swamp.

On Sunday morning I received orders from General Williams to withdraw the detachment from Fort Bross, and your order to bring up the pontoon trains to the Jones house, on Jerusalem plank road,and concentrate my command at that point. At 5 p.m. the troops were in camp and all the trains but one in park. About dark I received your order to proceed immediately with the whole of my command to the Weldon railroad, near the Yellow House, and to send the pontoon trains back to their old camps near City Point. The trains were returned to their old camp during the night and the troops were marched to the Yellow House. On arriving there I sent Captain Hine during the night with two companies to the Pegram house to build a pentagonal fort for nine guns, five in barbette and four in embrasure. He reported the work ready for the guns on Wednesday morning, and they were placed in batttery. The entire work, except the magazine, was completed on Friday and surrounded by a double row of abatis. At daylight on Monday morning I send Captain Pettes with his company to report to Captain Gillespie for the purpose of building a pentagonal fort on the front line of the left of Fort Wadsworth. He reports the parapet nearly completed and the embrasures cut, in two of which the guns are in position and platforms for five barbette guns completed and two barbette guns mounted. Lieutenant Van Rensselaer has had charge of a fort near the Chappell house, on the Squirrel Level road. This fort is arranged for six guns en barbette. It is nearly completed, except the parapet on the rear face and the platforms in the rear angles, which are one-half done.

By direction of the commanding general, I made a reconnaissance on the morning of the 4th from the Pegram house to the Clements, and

