
then by the junction of the Vaughan and Church roads to Fort Dushane, for the purpose of selecting a line to be refused from the left flank toward the rear. The officers of the Engineer Corps accompanied me, and sites were selected for new works at the Clements house, near Widow Smith's, at the junction of the Vaughan and Church roads, and near Forey's, the latter west of Fort Dushane. The whole of the available force of both the regular Engineer Battalion and the Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers were ordered at the same time to be in readiness to commence these works-part to report at the Peebles house and part near Forey's. Lieutenant Howell laid out and constructed one at Clements' house. This commands the Squirrel Level road, and also the one leading to Hawks' on the Duncan road. It was very nearly completed to-day. He also traced a small redoubt about the center line between this latter work and that near the Pegram house, which will be commenced to-morrow. Captain Gillespie, assisted by Lieutenant Benyaurd planned the one at Forey's, and, subsequently, turned it over to Captain McDonald. The other two were traced by Captain Harwood, assisted by Lieutenant Phillips. These were afterward placed under the charge of Captains Van Brocklin and Folwell. Lieutenant Phillips was at that time temporarily detached and ordered to report to General Benham, to assist in the construction of the works in front of City Point. In consequence of Captain Gillespie's sickness, and the necessity also of completing the works in the vicinity of the Appomattox, Lieutenant Benyaurd was detached from the work at Forey's and directed to take charge of the operations along the line in front of the Second Corps. He is now engaged in repairs at Forts Sedgwick, Davis, and McGilvery, and in the construction of the line between the latter and Fort Stedman. The following extracts from Colonel Spaulding's report will give in detail the progress of the new line of works between Fort Dushane and the Clements house:

On the morning of the 4th, by your order, one-half of my available command reported at Fort Dushane under the command of Major Brainerd, and the other half under Major Beers reported at the Peebles house. During the day several additional forts were laid out on the rear line and the work commenced. In the evening, by your direction and upon consultation with Captain Harwood, it was agreed that the latter, with the regular Engineer Battalion, should retain charge of the fort at the Clements house and the other three on this line should be turned over to officers and men of my command. I accordingly assigned Captain Van Brocklin with two companies to the charge of the square redoubt near the Smith house; Captain Folwell with two companies to the pentagonal fort on the left of the Smith house (junction of the Vaughan and Church roads), and Captain McDonald with two companies to the fort on the right of Fort Dushane. Captain Van Brocklin reports the front of the fort nearly completed, two barbette and two embrasure platforms ready for armament, and the work upon the flanks and rear half done. Captain Folwell reports his fort in defensible condition, but it will require two of three days to complete the work. Captain McDonald reports his fort three-fourths completed and platforms ready for three guns.

In the topographical department, I have to report the completion of the "Map of the environs of Petersburg, from the Appomattox River to the Weldon road, showing the position of the intrenched lines occupied by the U. S. forces during the siege," and that the original has been sent to Washington to be photographed. The northern part of "Copy of section of photograph map captured from the enemy, showing country adjacent to Richmond and lines of defensive works surrounding the city," has also been completed and forwarded to be photographed. Other sections of the same map are now being copied. All the campaign sheets, except the Richmond one, are finished and photographed, and already two of them are in the hands of the engraver

