
That one is also complete, with the exception of the lettering, and in the latter work considerable progress has been made. The measurements of the plans and profiles of the different field-works and batteries already constructed have been made, and the drawings are in course of construction. Some eight or mine are finished, but not yet copied. Accurate surveys of the lines recently taken up to the west of the Weldon railroad, together with the general features of the neighboring country, are being carried on as rapidly as possible. A rough sketch* is herewith respectfully submitted.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. MICHLER,

Major of Engineers, U. S. Army, Acting Chief Engineer.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Armies of the U. S., City Point, Va.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

October 15, 1864.

COLONEL: For the information of Lieutenant-General Grant I have the honor to submit the following report of the engineering operations of this army, carried on under my direction, during the week ending to-day:

In addition to field-works mentioned in my last to be in course of construction, the site for a small redoubt was selected about the center of the line between those at the Clements and Pegram houses, and also the positions of two new batteries located in proximity to them. These, together with the redoubt at Clements' house, are being constructed under the immediate charge of Lieutenant Howell, assisted by the troops of the U. S. Engineer Battalion, with details from the Ninth Corps. The latter work has been completed, and in the former two faces are finished and the other two very nearly so. I subsequently directed that officer to inclose the two batteries, and they have been raised as high as the barbettes. The completion of the line between the Appomattox and Fort Davis has been personally superintended by Lieutenant Benyaurd. That part between Forts Stedman and McGilvery is very nearly finished, and the fraise in its front is being rapidly pushed forward each night. The section between Forts Sedgwick and Davis is about two-thirds advanced. Owing to the extended line occupied by the Second Corps, but small working details can be obtained from it. A deserter having reported that the enemy were driving a gallery for the purpose of mining one of our works, and from his information inferring that it might be Battery 21, adjoining Fort Sedgwick, I made an inspection of the ground to ascertain the practicability of any such effort. From the great distance between the two lines at the point indicated, over 1,800 feet, the intervening space being perfectly level and our picket-line being advanced about 600 feet in the direction of the entrance of the supposed gallery, and no indication of its existence being observed, such as the presence of air shafts, or fires, or other mechanical means to produce ventilation, I was not disposed to credit the story. As a precautionary measure, however, Lieutenant Benyaurd was directed to sink shafts within the battery and run out listening galleries for fifty or sixty feet. Fort Sedgwick had been

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

