
ing, but owing to other miscellaneous business requiring the attention of the assistant engaged upon it, will not be completed until the end of the week. The "Copy of section of photograph map captured from the enemy, showing country adjacent to Richmond and lines of defensive works surrounding the city" has been photographed and copies sent during the week for the use of the lieutenant-general. Other sections are being copied, but have been delayed in consequence of the many calls made at different times for the original. Inspections of the different works were frequently made during the week, and it is with great satisfaction that I have to report that all have been constructed in the most satisfactory manner and with great rapidity.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. MICHLER,

Major of Engineers, U. S. Army, Acting Chief Engineer.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Armies of the U. S., City Point, Va.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, ENGINEER DEPT.,October 22, 1864.

COLONEL: The following report of the engineering operations of this army during the week ending to-day is respectfully submitted for the information of Lieutenant-General Grant:

On the 16th, accompanied by Captain Gillespie and Lieutenant Benyaurd,, U. S. Engineers, I passed over the ground between Fort McGilvery and the Rushmore house for the purpose of making a critical examination of the enemy's line, to ascertain whether he had lately constructed any new works between Petersburg and Fort Clifton, and also to select sites for any additional works that might be needed between the Avery house and Point of Rocks to strengthen our line. The latter duty was performed and several localities were designated as important points along a second or rear line, namely, in close proximity to the Avery, Dunn, and Jordan houses, and one also near Battery Numbers 3, and another between Batteries Nos. 1 and 2. In regard to the enemy's works, although repairs had apparently been made to some of them, small details being observed at work, still but one new one was in course of construction. The one referred to is in front of Fort McGilvery and on the banks of the Appomattox, apparently a small redoubt forming part of his line around Petersburg. During the week inspections were frequently made of the progress of the works to the west of the Weldon railroad; on the 21st accompanying Generals Grant and Meade along the whole line. On the 20th, by direction of the commanding general, I visited City Point with the medical director of the army for the purpose of choosing the ground for a general field hospital, upon which the necessary winter barracks are to be built. A beautiful place was found between the railroad and Bailey's Creek, on the bluff overlooking the James River. Besides the convenience of the locality to the river, it possesses the advantages of retirement and security as well as those of health. Fine springs here and there burst forth from the banks, sufficient to supply every want. The officers attached to the Engineer Battalion, in addition to their company duties, have continued their labors of last week. Lieutenant Howell has had charge of Forts Cummings, Sampson, Gregg, and Conahey, all of which are occupied by the required garrisons with the necessary armament, except the last; this, too, is now very nearly completed. Lieutenant Ben-

