
proper naming of them. He has also prepared a report of the number of guns for which each work has been pierced, and their present armament. In consequence of sickness he has been confined in camp the greater part of the week. Captain Paine, additional aide-de-camp, has been occupied in locating the position of the enemy's lines and in collecting information of the neighboring country.

In the topographical department the triangulation of the country west of the railroad and the linear measurements of the lines have been advancing under the immediate direction of my principal assistant, Major Weyss, and is now very nearly finished. The map of the same is now being prepared. The dimensions of the different works have already been accurately measured and drawings are being made of them. Tracings are also being prepared from which to photograph them. The Richmond campaign sheet, compiled from actual surveys and from other authorities, is now very nearly ready for the photographer and engraver; lettering not yet being complete. The copying of the different sections of the "Photograph map, captured from the enemy, showing the country adjacent to Richmond and lines of defensive works surrounding the city," is still progressing toward completion. The "Map of the environs of Petersburg from the Appomattox River to the Weldon railroad, showing the position of the intrenched lines," has been forwarded to Washington to be photographed, but as yet no copies have been received.

In conclusion, I have the honor to state that the whole line now occupied by the Army of the Potomac is almost entirely constructed and in a defensible condition. Some minor details among the interior arrangements of the different redoubts still require additional work, but are fast being attended to.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. MICHLER,

Major of Engineers, U. S. Army, Acting Chief Engineer.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Armies of the U. S., City Point, Va.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, ENGINEER DEPT.,October 29, 1864.

COLONEL: The following report is respectfully submitted for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States. It comprises a summary of the engineering operations of this army for the week ending to-day:

Previous to the movement of the 26th instant some alterations were made at different points along the line, to make the latter better conform to the position of the field-works upon their completion. Captain Harwood, assisted by Lieutenants Lydecker and Heap, made a thorough inspection of the line in order to report whether any additional arrangements were necessary to render the rear and flank defenses more perfect, and directed any slight changes that were needed. Captain Gillespie, in addition to the mining galleries in front of Fort Stedman, the driving of which he had charge, superintended the construction of two new redoubts, one near the Avery and the other on the ridge between the Dunn house and Friend's. The mining gallery running from Battery 21 to the front of Fort Sedgwick was completed by Lieutenant Benyaurd, who also directed the infantry parapet near Fort

