
and forwarded to Washington to be photographed and engraved. The accompanying package of maps is respectfully forwarded for the use of the lieutenant-general. It include two photographic copies of field of operations of the army during the movement of the 26th ultimo; one photographic copy (reduced scale) of the environs of Petersburg from the Appomattox River to the Weldon railroad, showing the position of the intrenched lines occupied by the forces of the united States; three photograph copies of campaign sheets, Louisa Court-house, Fredericksburg, and Hanover Court-House. The Richmond sheet is now being photographed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. MICHLER,

Major of Engineer, U. S. Army.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Armies of the United States.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, ENGINEER DEPT.,November 14, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with article II, Special Orders, Numbers 119, headquarters Armies of the United States, dated November 4, 1864, superseding paragraph I, of Special Orders, Numbers 91, of date September 12, from the same headquarters, and this day received, I have the honor to report the engineering operations in this army during the week ending on the 12th instant:

In my last weekly report, dated November 7, addressed to Lieutenant Colonel T. S. Bowers, assistant adjutant-general, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States, I stated that the new redoubts, the one near the Avery house and that barbettes, and banquettes for infantry, were, however, only finished, and I have since directed that magazines should be constructed in each. Both of these works, though small, occupy very commanding positions, the first overlooking Forts Sedgwick, Rice, Meikel, and Morton; and the latter Forts Haskell, Stedman, Battery Numbers 9 (now inclosed), and McGilvery, besides bearing well upon important works of the enemy on the west bank of the Appomattox. They are conveniently located in case it may be deemed advisable to throw up a continuous line between Fort Sedgwick and Battery Numbers 4 (near Jordan's), and thence along the line of the commanding ridge running north past Rushmore's to the large field-work on Spring Hill. On the 6th I made a personal inspection along the banks of the Appomattox from Battery Numbers 5 to a point opposite Fort Clifton for the purpose of learning the character of the river and its banks, and to ascertain the exact position of the line of works of the enemy. No additional was gained from that previously reported. During the week the mining gallery at Fort Stedman has been driven rapidly forward and the main gallery is now completed to the extent of eighty feet. Lateral branches have been commenced. This work has been in charge of Lieutenant Benyaurd, U. S. Engineers. The construction of Fort Conahey has been advanced under the immediate direction of Lieutenant Howell, U. S. Engineers, and is now very nearly completed, four feet of earth already covering the magazine. Lieutenant Taylor, Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, has con-

12 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

