
tinued the countermining in front of Fort McGilvery, and at this date the gallery has been driven 140 feet. Lieutenant Van Rensselaer, with two companies of the same command, has been engaged in repairing the fraise around and near Fort Haskell and in leveling portions of the old lines. About four-fifths of the labor is completed. During the week the work on Fort Stevenson has been continued by Captain Van Brocklin, with his company of Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, and small details from the garrison. The general commanding the Second Corps has telegraphed me that he will increase the number of the working party, and in a few days the fort will be completed. The work is now ready for nine barbette and nineteen guns in embrasure. Three magazines and 800 feet of banquette tread are also completed. The corduroy road from the Globe Tavern to the Jerusalem plank road has been repaired and covered during the week. An inspection was made on the 12th by Captain Harwood, U. S. Engineers, in reference to the destruction of a dam built by the enemy over the stream which crosses our line at Battery Numbers 12. A plan was submitted by Brigadier-General Egan to the commanding officer of the Second Division of the Second Corps, which was referred to me for an opinion, and upon which I submitted to-day a report to the major-general commanding this army.

In the topographical department the map of the country west of the Weldon railroad (scale, eight inches to the mile) is still in course of construction. I have already forwarded you six copies of the sketch, prepared on a scale of two inches to the mile, showing the field of operations of this army during the late movement. The copy of an additional section of the map captured from the enemy has been finished and forwarded to Washington to be photographed. The Richmond sheet of the campaign series has been sent to the bureau to be photographed and engraved. Accompanying this report you will please find a roll of maps comprising a photograph copy (half size) of the "Environs of Petersburg from the Appomattox River to the Weldon railroad, showing the positions of the intrenched lines, &amp;c., " and three photograph copies of sheets of the campaign series, including those styled Louisa Court-House, Fredericksburg, and Hanover Court-House. Plans of all the works constructed under my supervision along the front and rear lines of this army are being prepared, and will be forwarded when ready. Inclosed is a copy of a "Consolidated return of engineer material received, expended, and remaining on hand in front of Petersburg, Va., from July 14 to October 31, 1864," furnished by Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding, commanding detachment Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, who has been authorized to make requisitions, subject to the approval of the chief engineer of this army, for materials upon the depot of the Engineer Brigade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. MICHLER,

Major of Engineers, U. S. Army.

Bvt. Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer Armies operating against Richmond,

Headquarters Lieutenant-General Grant, City Point, Va.

