
Additional sections of the copy of photograph map captured from the enemy are being copied, and plans of all the works constructed are in course of preparation.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. DUANE,

Major of Engineers, U. S. Army.

Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer Armies operating against Richmond.

Headquarters Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

November 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engineering operations in this army for the week ending November 25, 1864:

Captain Harwood, in command of the Battalion of U. S. Engineers, assisted by Lieutenant Phillips, made an inspection of the line from Fort Bross to Fort Dushane. Lieutenant Benyaurd, assisted by Lieutenant Benyaurd, assisted by Lieutenant Heap and Phillips, made an inspection from Fort McGilvery to Fort Howard, and Lieutenant Howell, assisted by Lieutenant Lydecker, made an examination and inspection from Fort Howard to Fort Dushane. Captain Paine, aide-de-camp, was engaged in obtaining information in relation to the enemy's works.

The following extracts from the weekly report of Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding, commanding detachment Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, will show the nature and extent of the work performed by the officers and men of his command:

The rain-storm which set in on the evening of the 18th prevented any work being done on Fort Stevenson from that date until the morning of the 23rd instant. Since the latter date the parapets have been completed and the work nearly inclosed by a strong abatis. The abatis will be completed to-morrow, some additional infantry banquette built, and the whole work finished and ready to turn over to the garrison on the 27th instant. On the afternoon of the 18th I ordered up all the pontoon bridge trains in my charge, they being at that time in park near City Point. They were started from camp about 9 p.m., and though the night was very dark and several wagons were broken, causing more or less detention, all the trains were securely parked before daylight the next morning near Fort Stevenson, where they still remain.

In the topographical department, the map of the country west of the Weldon railroad (scale, eight inches to the mile) is still in course of construction. Maps of the battle-fields at Spotsylvania Court-House and Cold Harbor (scale, four inches to the mile) are being projected, and copy of additional section of "Photograph map captured from the enemy, showing country adjacent to Richmond and lines of defensive works, &amp;c.," is nearly completed. Tracings and drawings of portions of pontoon bridges were also being made during the week, as well as tracings of maps, &c., with the view of being photographed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. DUANE,

Major of Engineers, U. S. Army.

Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer Armies in the Field, City Point, Va.

