
brought up later. On the evening of the 19th the enemy attacked the Fifth again, maintaining the struggle until after dark, when they were finally repulsed.

August 21 the Second Corps (from Deep Bottom), taking ten ambulances to a division, advanced to the position on the Weldon railroad occupied by the Fifth corps, and, facing southward, continued to destroy the roads as they went until the 25th, when, reaching Reams' Station, they encountered the enemy. On the 21st the enemy attacked very determinedly the Fifth, but were repulsed, with heavy loss, leaving 160 of their wounded in our hands. the medical service was here performed under great exposure, but it was unavoidable, the position being exposed to converging fire. The labors of the ambulance service in the corps were severe-2 sergeants were killed, 6 men wounded, 19 captured, 7 stretcher-bearers killed; shells passed through two ambulances.

The Second Corps at Reams' Station, also on the Weldon railroad, occupied a position quite as exposed to simultaneous attack from several directions on the 25th, and more distant from the permanent base and field hospitals. Its wounded were temporarily received in Reams' Church, where the hospital staff of each division made a rendezvous. The field companions and ambulances furnished the required dressings and appliances. The cavalry division of General Gregg had with it a medicine wagon, which was very useful. The medical director Second Corps sent back for one also for his command, but it did not arrive; indeed, it only escaped capture by the sergeant in charge prudently returning it again to the park after observing the enemy (as he advanced) occupying the road. The church was far from being a place of security, and, indeed, there was none attainable. The line of defense described two-thirds the circumference of a circle, with a radius so small (reports the medical inspector, Asst. Surg. Charles Smart, U. S. Army) that bullets fired at the left coursed over the inclosed area and struck down men in position on the right.

During the more vigorous assault at 2 p.m., the ambulances, the wounded, medical officers, and attendants were retired about 100 yards to a shallow ravine, affording some shelter. The ambulances once filled were sent (via the Gary Church road) at some risk to the Williams house and empty vehicles were sent for. The forest trains reached the corps safely prior to the final assault made by the enemy at 5 p.m. This was so severe from all sides that the destroyed railroad and position at that point was relinquished. The ambulance officers succeeded in loading up with the wounded who could not retire; others were carried by stretcher men and aided by stragglers. While none of the wounded behind the breast-works were left those on the advanced wounded behind the breast-works were left those on the advanced picket could not be removed. Four medical officers, two hospital stewards, and ten strechermen were detailed to remain and care for them. From subsequent information it would appear that 66 of our wounded were made prisoners and 146 of our men were buried on the field. Assistant Surgeon Jewett, Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, Second Corps, received a severe shell wound. The train of wounded from Reams' Station proceeded to the Williams house, aided by ambulances of the Ninth Corps, and after receiving necessary surgical attention the cases were sent to City Point. The Second Corps retired to positions near the Jerusalem plank road.

The Second Cavalry Division on the 23rd accompanied the Second Corps on the right flank and in advance, while the railroad was torn up on the way to Reams' Station. On the Dinwiddie Court-House road, meeting the enemy, it suffered a loss of 40 wounded, who were taken

