
to Reams' Church. After the necessary operations and attention they were sent in ambulances to City Point; ten ambulances remained with the cavalry as a reserve, after sending the others off. The Emmons house, near Reams' Station, was first taken for hospital purposes, but being declared unsafe by General Hancock it was vacated; the property and personnel moved toward Reams' Church. During the affair at Reams' the Second Division Cavalry was posted on the left of the Second Corps, Colonel Spear's brigade picketed on the right. One Autenrieth medicine wagon was attached to the cavalry in addition to the ambulances as before stated. The wounded of the cavalry division (General Gregg's) amounted to 83.

Number of wounded brought to field hospitals at this period:

Wounded.

Corps.	Officers	Men.	Total.	Deaths

Second Corps	 37	 303	 340	 14

Fifth Corps	 59	 714	 773	 58

Ninth Corps	 116	 149	 265	 10

Cavalry Corps.	 -	 83	 83	 5

Total	 212	1,249	1,461	 87

The position of the corps on the 29th was about as follows: The Fifth in advanced position on the extreme left, one division beyond the Weldon railroad, with flanks extended across the road, one division of the Ninth Corps connecting with right flank of Fifth, two on the left flank in two lines of works, one division of the Second Corps extending right flank in front and massing across the Jerusalem plank road. The subjoined sketch illustrates the positions and field hospitals:*

The operations of the cavalry in August on the north side are thus described by Asst. Surg. George M. McGill, U. S. Army:

On the 15th, still moving on the right of the Second Corps, the pickets of the cavalry division were attacked while the command halted and nine men wounded. These were carried back to the division hospital near the river, a distance of three miles, at which the required operations were performed. On the 16th the cavalry wounded, having received all the necessary attentions, were transferred to the hospital of the Second Corps to await their transportation to City Point, which was hourly expected. Supported by General Miles' brigade, of the Second Corps, the Second Brigade of Cavalry on the 16th made a reconnaissance toward Richmond, advancing on the Charles City road as far as White's Tavern, and losing so many wounded in the skirmish attending this advance that it became necessary to bring up the five ambulances attached to the First Brigade, thus using ten on the field. At White's Tavern the brigade of infantry was advanced and became sharply engaged by a heavy force, and was finally driven back. Our forces fell back and all of the cavalry wounded were brought with them, many riding their horses. Such of the wounded of the infantry as there was room for were also carried. The enemy attacked in turn before our forces crossed what is called Deep Run-the stream from White Oak Swamp. In this attack of theirs our cavalry was driven in some disorder; 90 were wounded. After the enemy was checked from the south bank of Deep Run, the cavalry wounded were collected and speedily removed in ambulances borrowed from the Second Corps to the hospital of division, located near the Second Corps hospitals, in a pine wood near the James. Such of the infantry wounded as had been collected were at the same time carried to the hospital of the Second Division of the Second Corps; they numbered about 100. During the following night of the 16th-17th all these wounded men were thoroughly examined, carefully dressed, and well fed. Primary operations were performed at the same time, several resections; no injuries of very remarkable character were observed. One Pirogoff's operation was performed, in which subsequently (ten days) secondary operation was found necessary.

---------------

*See page 190 for diagram.

---------------

