
During September the hospitals of the Second Corps were at the Birchett and Deserted houses. The prevailing diseases were diarrhoea, dysentery, and fevers of the intermittent and typhoid type. The average number on the daily sick report was a little over 5 per cent. the surface railroad was continued from Cedar Level (Seven-Mile Station), on the City Point and Petersburg Railroad, to Warren's Station (the point on the Weldon railroad seized and held by the Fifth Corps in August) on the 14th day of September, 1864.

About 28th of September preliminary steps were taken for a movement toward the South Side Railroad. The sick in field hospitals were sent to City Point. The cavalry made a reconnaissance to the left on the 29th, accompanied by a brigade of infantry. September 30 the troops advanced upon the Squirrel Level road beyond Poplar Spring Church, and position was taken by General Warren at the Pegram house, three miles from Yellow Tavern. Portions of the Fifth and Ninth Corps and the Third Division of the Second Corps held the left troops engaged. The Third Division of the Second Corps held the left against surprise on that flank, and had about 70 wounded. The Fifth received the brunt of resistance by the enemy, and the position was held and has since been occupied by us, compelling the abandonment of the Squirrel Level road to a great extent and the employment of a more circuitous route by the enemy between Stony Creek and Petersburg. The wounded were soon attended to near Poplar Grove Church (Fifth Corps) and Peebles' house (the Ninth Corps), and sent to City Point. Rain continued on October 1 and 2 with cold weather, very unfavorable in the influence upon the troops and the road. The engagement not being general, the Second Corps advance hospital was not brought up nearer than its park at Yellow Tavern, the ambulances affording adequate means for the 70 wounded. At this time our works before Petersburg were occupied by divisions extended so as to fill the place left vacant by troops sent to the left. The movement was complete by the 6th of October, when quiet was established, with the exception of the artillery duels, sharpshooting, and skirmishes of pickets at different points, until October 26, when affairs were put in readiness for the movement to Hatcher's Run.

The Fifth Corps division hospitals were established at Aiken's house and Parke's Station on surface railroad October 1, and the Ninth Corps hospital was also placed there on the 9th of October.

On the night of October 24 the Second and Third Divisions of the Second Corps were withdrawn from their position in front and massed for a movement, and on the 26th the Ninth Corps was prepared also. The sick of all the corps were sent to City Point on that day. Movement was commenced on the 27th, the Ninth passing along the Squirrel Level road beyond Fort Cummings, formed in line of battle two miles and a half in advance, its left being near the Clements house. The hospitals of this corps established at Peebles' were sufficiently accessible, in excellent condition, and did not require to be moved. The Fifth Corps, on the left of the Ninth, also advanced and soon engaged with the enemy's pickets. The transportation allowed was half the ambulances, one medicine wagon, and one army wagon to each brigade, and that was adequate to the small number of wounded in the Fifth and Ninth Corps. The picket ambulances of the Ninth Corps advanced to vicinity of an abandoned rebel fort and promptly carried back to field hospital all the wounded (some 75 in number). The Fifth Corps had half their ambulances at the front, the field hospital, material, and offi-

13 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

