
ure counterbalanced each other and the reported percentage of the class malarial fever is still more accurate. The principal disease has been diarrhoea, and the malarial fevers occur next in frequency. A very large part of the diarrhoea, however, ought properly to be classed with malarial diseases. The statistical history of the army for 1864 may be conveniently divided into three periods of four months each. During the first four months the army was in camp on the line of the Rapidan, in the vicinity of Culpeper, Va.; was not engaged in active operations, and a large portion received furloughs as veteran volunteers, the results of which appear in the columns appropriated to venereal diseases for that period. The percentage of diarrhoea is unusually large during the month of January; this is due probably to the fact that the issues of fresh vegetables during that time were scanty and irregular. A large number of recruits and drafted men were received into the army at this time, many of whom were entirely unfitted for field service, and contributed largely to the sick report. During the second period, from May 1 to September 1, the army was engaged in marching, fighting, and erecting earth-works and fortifications. From September 1 until the close of the year the army remained comparatively quiet in the works in front of Petersburg, although not enjoying the ordinary freedom of winter quarters. The figures speak for themselves and involve many interesting facts connected with military hygiene, especially when taken in connection with the detailed report of the movements and operations of the army for the same period. The delay in their preparation has been great, owing to the impossibility of employing more than one clerk upon them, but I trust that as now presented, they will prove satisfactory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. BILLINGS,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

Colonel THOMAS A. McPARLIN,

Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 11. Report of Brigadier General Marsena R. Patrick, U. S. Army, provost-Marshal-General, Army of the Potomac, of operations July 30-November 1.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 18, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with instructions from your headquarters of this date, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this command, from July 30, 1864, until November 1, 1864.

This report can be subdivided as follows:

First. The operations of the infantry: From July 30, 1864, until August 25, the infantry force of this command, consisting of the Sixth-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers and One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, remained in camp, discharging their regular duties, the former guarding prisoners at these headquarters, the latter doing guard duty at general headquarters Army of the Potomac. August 25, sent to occupy the position in our front held by a brigade of the Third Division, Second Corps, from which duty they were relieved on

