
the morning of the 26th instant and returned to these headquarters. The infantry remained in camp from the last-mentioned date until September 30, when they were ordered to the rear of the army to occupy a position near Prince George Court-House, Va. Until October 6 the command remained in that-vicinity, during which time they completed several unfinished fortifications and picketed the country from Prince George Court-House to Fort Bross, on the Norfolk railroad. October 6, they were relieved by a portion of the Second Corps and returned to their old camps at these headquarters. October 8, were sent to occupy the breast-works in our front, immediately to the left of Fort Howard. On the evening of the same day were relieved and returned to their old position. Remained here until October 26, when they accompanied general headquarters to Poplar Grove Church, where camp was pitched for the night. On the morning of October 27 were ordered to hold the breast-works between Forts Welch and Fisher, in the vicinity of the Pegram house. The command held this position until relieved on the evening of October 28, when it returned to their old camp near these headquarters, where they remained in the discharge of their regular duties until November 1, 1864. During these operations no casualties occured in the infantry.

Second. The operations of the cavalry: From July 30 until September 30 the cavalry force of this command, consisting of the battalion of six companies of the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Company K, First Indiana Cavalry, the whole under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Walsh, of the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, remained in camp near these headquarters, their duties consisting mainly in furnishing escorts for prisoners and also patrols on the main roads within the lines of this army, for the purpose of preventing fast riding. In this connection it might be well to state that the squadron of the First Massachusetts Cavalry, though reported as a portion of this command, are during active operations attached to the staff of the major-general commanding, and are not subject directly to orders form this office. September 30, the cavalry accompanied the infantry to Prince George Court-House, performing picket duty in conjunction with the latter, though during the time they were on this duty forces were daily sent out to scour the country in the rear of our lines, in many instances discovering and giving chase to rebel guerrillas, though no captures of any account were made. October 5, this force was relieved and returned to their old camp near these headquarters. From this date until October 26 the cavalry remained stationary, performing escort duty, &amp;c., as mentioned above. The operations of this force from October 26 until October 29 I give in Lieutenant-Colonel Walsh's own words:

At 8 a. m. of the 27th of October I received an order from yourself to report with my command to Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding, Fiftieth New York Engineers. i complied, and was ordered by him to dismount my command and occupy the line of breast-works in front of the Peebles house. Here I remained until about 12 m., when I received further orders form you to move with my command to the front and report for instructions to Major-General Warren, and in case he could not be found, to Major-General Meade. I reported to General Warren, at his headquarters, which were at Armstrong's Mill, and from him I received orders to report to General Meade, whom I found on the extreme left near the scene of the engagement of the Second Corps. I reported as ordered, and returned with him to the Armstrong house, when, it being just before dark, by his order I was instructed to picket the Vaughan road to the crossing of the Hatcher's, also the telegraph road to its intersection with the Vaughan. This order I complied with and had the pickets so arranged from both reserves as to connect. On the morning of the 28th I received instructions from Captain Emory, by order of Major-General Humphreys, to report to General Warren.

