
our left, as in the evening it was reported that the enemy appeared in stronger force along their line on that front. On August 31 everything was quiet along both lines while both parties were engaged in strength-ening and completing their fortifications. From September 1 to 4 no movements of any consequence were observed to be made by the enemy, although our stations were strictly careful to note every change, however small, or any movement of troops or trains, however insignificant they might appear. During this time the enemy were actively employed each day in strengthening and perfecting such works as were already commenced. They also extended their main works west of the Weldon railroad. On the 5th of September the station located near the Jerusalem plank road reported a supposed movement on the part of the enemy, indicated by a cloud of dust rising from west of the Weldon railroad. From that time nothing of interest occurred and no reports of operations or changes in the enemy's line, excepting a steady continuance of their labor upon their works, was received until September 13, when their camps northeast from the lead-works were reported as removed and a less force than usual visible in their old entrenchments.

On the next day (the 14th) about 800 infantry were reported as having moved from beyond the Weldon railroad toward our left front, and it was further reported that the enemy came out from their camps into their works about 11 a. m., and remained in line about three or four hours and then returned. On the 15th several reports were received of the enemy's movements of infantry from the vicinity of the Weldon railroad in a westerly direction and down the Squirrel Level road. As further developments proved, this was the support to the cavalry upon what has been termed the "cattle raid." During the following day many reports were received concerning the movements of the enemy, which, however, were of minor importance, but on the afternoon of the 17th an extensive move was made apparent by a heavy could of dust rising from the left of the lead-works and beyond the railroad. The main movement was on a concealed road, and such bodies as moved on the road in sight were most of the time hidden by the dust. Two batteries were observed accompanying the column. These troops moved out without doubt to cover the return of the raiding expedition. On September 18 and 19 the enemy moved, infantry, cavalry, and artillery, in small force toward our right. Their camps appeared much more extensive in our front during these two days, and their working parties were mover active than usual upon their old lines and a third one in rear of them. One the 20th the stations on the right reported that some of the enemy's camps near and west of Petersburg had been broken up. There were also some troops moved into the city from the southwest and placed in position in front of the Tenth Corps. On the 21st the enemy were reported as still working on their fortifications near the Weldon railroad. A movement of about 900 cavalry to the eastward was also reported, but no infantry movements were seen. the 22nd nothing of importance was seen or reported, excepting the industry of their working parties, and on the following day nothing of moment was observed, excepting the movement of a brigade of infantry in considerable force, which were promptly reported to the commanding general.

On the two succeeding days, and during the morning of the 28th, the enemy were reported as moving toward our left, but on the afternoon

14 R R - VOL XLII, PT I

