
of the 28th they commenced marching toward our right. On the morning of the 29th they evinced great activity in all their camps, and during the day moved heavy bodies of troops from all along our lines (mostly from opposite our left) toward Richmond, taking large wagon trains with them. This commotion was caused by the transferring of the Tenth and Eighteenth Corps to the north side of the James River, and with a view to the checking of their advance toward Richmond on that side of the river. The following is a resume of my evening report to the commanding general upon this date:

During the morning the actions of the enemy in their camps indicated preparations being made for a movement. At 11.40 a. m. a column of 2,000 infantry and trains moved toward Richmond. About the same hour 4,000 infantry moved into Petersburg from the south. At 12.25 p. m. six regiments and a battery of artillery moved toward Petersburg from the extreme left near the Weldon railroad. At 12.30 p. m. 1,000 infantry and 200 cavalry movemed southward from Petersburg, disappearing behind Cemetery Hill. At 1 p. m. about 4,000 infantry passed southward, disappearing behind Cemetery Hill. At 3.30 p. m. about 3,000 infantry moved toward Richmond, north of the Appomattox. At 3.45 p. m. 2,000 infantry and a battery of artillery moved toward Richmond, north of the Appomattox. At 4.30 p. m. three batteries of artillery and a herd of cattle passed toward Richmond. Trains moving almost constantly northward on the Richmond turnpike. At sunset a column numbering about 3,000 moved from roads west of Petersburg, bearing to the right.

On the 30th of September there appeared to be but few troops of the enemy behind their works in our front and but few camp-fires seen.

The day was very smoky and interfered materially with observations. The only movement of importance reported this day was the passage of about 3,000 of the enemy's infantry toward our left, we having extended our lines the previous day toward the Boydton plank road.

Such is a comparatively full but hastily compiled account of the operations of the detachment of the Signal Corps connected with this army for the months of July, August, and September. To the energy and zeal of the officers and men of the detachment am I indebted for the results we have accomplished.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

Lieutenant Colonel W. J. L. NICODEMUS,

Commanding Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,November 2, 1864.

COLONEL: in compliance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the signal detachment connected with the Army of the Potomac during the month of October. For the detailed organization and distribution of the command at the opening of the month, I would respectfully refer you to my monthly return to your office for September 30, 1864:

Upon the 1st of October the Army of the Potomac was establishing itself firmly upon the ground in the vicinity of the Peebles farm, having extended its lines beyond this point a few days before. During our operations at this time the signal stations along the lines kept the commanding general informed of the various movements of the enemy's force made to meet our advances upon the right and left flanks. The

