
main movements were made during the 27th and 30th of September, as noted in my report for that mont. However, upon October 1, the enemy moved several large bodies of troops westward upon the Boydton plank road, in order to re-enforce their right flank in position along the Duncan road. Upon October 2 several camps upon the Appomattox were reported as having disappeared. Two thousand infantry and a battery of artillery came from the direction of Petersburg and moved toward our extreme left. The lines in front of our old position were more settled. October 3. Several movements reported to-day, the enemy apparently taking men from certain portions of their line and adding them to other points, in order to retain the equilibrium of defense and meet the changes upon the part of our army. These movements were severally reported as made. Established a station of observation near our extreme left, overlooking enemy's position along the Duncan road.

October 4 to 9. No movements of the enemy visible. Established stations of observation at the Church road and at the Squirrel Level road, from which points almost the entire line of the enemy from the vicinity of the lead-works westward along the Boydton plank road to its junction with the Duncan road, thence southward around our left, could be seen and located. In addition, all movements made during the day upon the Boydton plank road could be noted. The enemy were busy during this period completing their line of works. October 10. From 3,000 to 4,000 of the enemy's infantry were reported moving westward on the Boydton plank road to-day. From October 12 to the 26th no movement of any importance was discovered, and the reports from the stations were confined to detailed accounts of the enemy's working parties and the efforts made to strengthen their line of defensive works. October 27. The Army of the Potomac moved against the enemy in the vicinity of Hatcher's Run. This information served a double purpose. It convinced him that he need not anticipate any assault by the enemy upon the lines weakened in order to give all the troops possible to aid the advance toward the South Side road, and also advised him of an approximate estimate of the actual numbers opposing his projected movement. Upon October 28 the commanding general, having decided to withdraw his troops and reoccupy his former position, was kept informed of the corresponding movements on the part of the enemy, so that he should at all times hold himself prepared to meet any offensive demonstration on the part of the enemy at any point of the lines. October 29,30 and 31. Reports placed the enemy in their old camp and position. Second-class Privates James F. McKee and Justus Keller are recommended by the officers with whom they severally serve as deserving to be advanced to the grade of first-class privates.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

Lieutenant Colonel W. J. L. NICODEMUS,

Commanding Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

