
up to and occupied the fortifications. October 27, First Rhode Island Battery* reported for duty. One hundred and eighty-ninth New York Volunteers reported for duty.

During the whole month all the available men have been kept constantly at work on the fortifications for the defense of City Point. These fortifications, comprising about three miles and two-thirds of works, including eight redoubts, have been laid out and for the most part completed during the month of October.

This report does not include the operations of the Fiftieth [New York] Engineers, now attached to the different army corps and serving with the headquarters Army of the Potomac.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 15. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Walsh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, Provost Guard, of operations October 27-28.
HDQRS. BATTALION THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,November-, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with an order from you, dated October 31, 1864, to render an account of the action of my regiment during the recent engagement, I have the honor to transmit to you the following:

At 8 a. m. of the 27th of October I received an order from yourself to report with my command to Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding, Fiftieth New York Engineers. I complied, and was ordered by him to dismount my command and occupy the line of breast-works in front of the Peebles house. Here I remained until about 12 m., when I received another order from you to move to the front with my command and report for instructions to Major-General Warren, or, in case he could not be found, to Major-General Meade. I reported to General Warren at his headquarters, which were at Armstrong's Mill, and received from him further instructions to report to General Meade, whom I found upon the extreme left, and near the scene of the engagement of the Second Corps. I reported as ordered, and returned with him too the Armstrong house, when, it being nearly dark, by his order I was instructed to picket the Vaughan road to the crossing of the Hatcher's, also the telegraph road to its intersection with the Vaughan. This order I complied with and had the pickets so arranged from both reserves as to connect.

On the morning of the 28th I received instructions from Captain Emory, by order of General Humphreys, to report to General Warren. This I did in person, explaining to him the position occupied by our cavalry. He ordered me to return to my command and remain until further orders. At 10.15 a. m. I received the following dispatch:
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 28, 1864-10 a. m.

Major WALSH:

Withdraw your cavalry after General Egan gets clear of the road. He is going to move from General Meade's headquarters over to the Vaughan road, and follow General Mott's division.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

---------------

*Battery H. First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

---------------

