
BALTIMORE, MD., October 16, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Philadelphia, Pa.:

GENERAL: In my report of the operations of the Second Corps between the 22nd and 26th of August, 1864, including the engagement at Reams' Station on the 25th, I state as follows:

A copy of a dispatch from General Warren to General Humphreys was also furnished me, and is here inserted:

"HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

"August 24, 1864-9 a. m.

"General HUMPHREYS:

"I have received your report of the signal officer. This force may be only working parties going out. All the prisoners I sent you to-day say they are working on a new line all along. I feel certain if they have gone out it is to interfere with General Hancock. They cannot do anything with me here.

"Respectfully,

"G. K. WARREN,

"Major-General."

It seems to me that a mistake has been made in copying the dispatch. I think the time should read 9 p. m. instead of 9 a. m. I will be much obliged if you will have the original dispatch referred to, and inform me whether the above copy is correct. If the time should be 9 p. m. instead of 9 a. m., I respectfully request that you will cause it to be corrected in the original report in the office of Lieutenant-General Grant. The spelling of the name of the assistant adjutant-general of the Fifth Corps might be corrected from Korcke to Locke at the same time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Camp near Petersburg, November 10, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command on the 25th, 26th, 27th, and 28th ultimo: On the morning of the 25th Gibbon's division (under the command of General Egan, during the absence of General Gibbon) and Mott's division assumed the entire line, from near Redoubt Converse on the Appomattox to Battery 24 on the left. At 2 p. m. on the 26th Egan and Mott moved along the rear line of intrenchments to the vicinity of Fort Dushane on the Weldon railroad, where they went into bivouac. I was expected to bivouac on the Vaughan road near the Davis house, though it was not so stated in the order, but there was some difficulty in fixing the road to that point, and it was found that we could move with equal facility from Fort Dushane, taking a cross-road from Wyatt's house, on the Church road, over to the Vaughan road. The order for the movement on the 27th was further modified by changing the hour for starting from 2 a. m. to 3.30 a. m. The order of movement prescribed that I should move down the Vaughan road with my two divisions, cross Hatcher's Run; thence by Dabney's Mill to the Boydton plank road; thence by the White Oak road, recrossing Hatcher's

