
Run, and, finally, that I should strike the South Side Railroad. Gregg's division of cavalry was placed under my orders, and was to move on my left flank by way of Rowanty Post-Office and the Quaker road. the operations of the Ninth and Fifth Corps were intended, I presume, to occupy the enemy to an extent that would forbid their concentration against me.

The cavalry bivouacked near me on the night of the 26th. At 3.30 a. m. it moved out by the Halifax road, while the infantry (Egan's division in advance) moved over to the Vaughan road, where the enemy's vedettes were first encountered. The march was somewhat delayed by obstructions in the road, but the head of Egan's column reached Hatcher's Run very soon after daylight; and Egan at once made his arrangements to force the crossing. The enemy were posted in a rifle-pit on the opposite bank. They were in small force, but the approaches were difficult, trees having been felled in the stream, which was waist deep, above and below the ford. Smyth's brigade was deployed in the first line, and went forward in gallant style, carrying the works, with a loss of about 50 men. Lieutenant-Colonel Spalter, Fourth Ohio, commanding the skirmish line, was killed here. As soon as the command was in hand on the opposite bank, Egan moved by the nearest road to Dabney's Mill, while Mott's division followed the Vaughan road for a mile, and then struck over to the mill by a cross-road. About the time we arrived at the mill I received a dispatch from General Gregg, telling me he had crossed the run, and the sound of his guns could be heard on our left. I should have stated that at the ford I sent a dispatch to the major-general commanding stating that I had effected a crossing, and expressing some uneasiness at not hearing the firing of the Ninth Corps. As soon as Mott reached Dabeny's Mill Egan moved on toward the Boydton road. The sound of Gregg's guns became more distinct, and it was hoped that we might strike the plank road in time to inflict some damage to the enemy, but we arrived in season only to hurry up their rear guard. A small party of good cavalry might perhaps have captured a part of their train, then passing over Hatcher's Run, but nothing could be accomplished with the cavalry I had in my advance. As soon as we emerged into the clearing at the plank road the enemy opened fire on us from near Burgess' Tavern and from our left, having apparently a section of artillery at each place. Beck's battery, of the Fifth Artillery, soon silenced the fire of the section by the tavern. Soon after my arrival at the Boydton road General Gregg came in by the Quaker road, and preparations were at once made for continuing the march by the White Oak road. General Egan's division moved down the Boydton road toward the bridge, for the purpose of driving the enemy across the run. Mott's division was put in motion for the White Oak road, and a brigade of cavalry sent down to relieve Egan, in order that he might follow Mott.

At this juncture, about 1 p. m., I received instructions from the major-general commanding to halt at the plank road. General Mott formed one brigade in line, looking toward the upper bridge, while General Egan continued to press the enemy's dismounted cavalry, who held their ground with tenacity, but were finally derived over the run by a charge from a part of Smyth's brigade. Very soon after the order to halt was received, General Meade came on the field, accompanied by Lieutenant-General Grant. General Meade informed me that Crawford's division, of the Fifth Corps, was feeling its way up along the south bank of the run, and desired me to assist in making the connection by extending to the right. The same information substantially

