
commanding took the same view. Reluctant as I was to leave the field, and by so doing lose some of the fruits of my victory, I felt compelled to order a withdrawal rather than risk disaster by awaiting and attack in the morning only partly prepared. The hour for the movement to commence was fixed at 10 p. m., giving time for my staff officers to return from headquarters of the army. They got back about 8.30, bringing me a dispatch substantially the same as the one just mentioned. The wounded were transported to the rear to the extant of my transportation, 155 being removed. The Dabney's Mill road was impassable in more than one direction at the same time. I was therefore under the necessity of leaving a part of my wounded, who were collected as far as practicable in the darkness of the night and placed in the neighboring houses under care of our own surgeons detailed for that purpose.

At 10 o'clock General Mott moved out, followed by General Egan. Egan's division halted at Dabney's Mill until after daylight to cover the withdrawal of Crawford's division, Fifth Corps. The cavalry commenced withdrawing by the Quaker road at 10.30. The pickets did not commence withdrawing until 1 a. m. on the 28th, when they were brought off under the direction of Brigadier-General De Trobriand. A party of about seventy men belonging to First Minnesota and Seventh Michigan Volunteers, under the command of Captain Farwell, of the First Minnesota, was left on the field through some neglect and remained until nearly 9 o'clock on the morning of the 28th, when they commenced withdrawing. They were twice charged by the enemy's cavalry, but both charges were repulsed, and Captain Farwell marched his command into the wood between the Dabney's Mill and Quaker road, followed for some distance by the enemy. By the display of excellent judgment and tact Captain Farwell extricated his little command, coming into our lines by way of Reams' Station, having moved nearly all the way in sight of the enemy's cavalry. Captain Farwell has been recommended for advancement one grade by brevet for good conduct on this occasion. Mott's division massed between the Vaughan road and the Wyatt house, after crossing Hatcher's Run on the morning of the 28th, while Egan's division massed near the Armstrong house, awaiting the withdrawal of the Fifth Corps. About 10 a.m. both divisions moved within the line of entrenchments and returned to their old camp near the Norfolk railroad.

I desire to acknowledge my indebtedness to Brevet Major-General Mott and Brigadier-General Egan, commanding the Third and Second Division of my corps, respectively, and to General Gregg, commanding the cavalry, for their services on the field. General Egan had, perhaps, an unusual opportunity for distinguishing himself, and he availed himself of it to the utmost, contributing most materially to our success. He has been recommended for the appointment of brevet major-general of volunteers for his distinguished services rendered it necessary to separate the brigades of Mott's division, and this fine body of troops had not the opportunity that I desired to give them and their brave commander. General Gregg, by his stubborn and successful resistance to Hampton's attack, completed our success.

In the reports of subordinate commanders particular mention is made of the following officers and men:

First, Brigadier General Thomas A. Smyth, commanding brigade of Egan's division. General Smyth is spoken of by General Egan as "the life of

