
his (Egan's) command." His gallantry was very conspicuous at the crossing of Hatcher's Run in the morning and throughout the action on the plank road. Major and Byt. Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Mitchell, my senior aide, was with General Egan during the advance of the Second Division against the enemy's flank, and General Egan speaks in high terms of his services and of his example to the troops; particularly commending him for effecting, at the head of the First Maine Heavy Artillery, the capture of about 200 prisoners and 1 color. I have had occasion to acknowledge the services of Major Mitchell in every action in which I have been engaged during the war. He always finds an opportunity for increasing his reputation for bravery and high soldierly qualities. I hope the brevet appointment of colonel, for which I have heretofore recommended him, may be conferred upon him. Captain A. H. Embler, acting assistant adjutant-general of the Second Division, and one of General Gibbon's personal aides, is also commended for gallantry, and is again recommended for a brevet appointment of major. Of Mott's division, Colonel McAllister, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, commanding a brigade, is complimented by General Egan for bravery and good conduct. The services of his brigade are set forth in the body of this report. He is recommended for the brevet appointment of brigadier-general of volunteers. Lieutenant W. B. Beck, Fifth U. S. Artillery, is also mentioned for the gallant manner in which he maintained his position against a greatly superior force of the enemy's artillery. Sergt. Alonzo Woodroff and Corpl. John M. Howard, of the First U. S. Sharpshooters, are spoken of as having exhibited unusual courage.

General Gregg commanding the cavalry, calls particular attention to the case of Major S. W. Thaxter of the First Maine Cavalry. This officer was embraced in an order to proceed with a part of his regiment to Maine, to be mustered out, but remained voluntarily, and took command of the skirmish line of his brigade during the action.

The following officers of my staff were on the field assisting me by conveying orders: Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Morgan, assistant inspector-general, chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Smith, chief commissary; Surg. A. N. Dougherty, medical director; Major W. G. Mitchell, aide-de-camp; Major S. Carncross, assistant adjutant-general; Major J. G. Hazard, chief of artillery; Major S. O. Bull, provost-marshall; Major H. H. Bingham, judge-advocate; Surg. J. M. McNulty; Asst. Surg. C. Smart, medical inspector; Captain I. B. Parker, aide-de-camp; Captain B. C. Ammon, assistant provost-marshal; Captain T. L. Livermore, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain M. H. Stacey, commissary of musters; Captain J. G. Pelton, chief of ambulances; Captain C. J. Mills, assistant adjutant-general; Captain F. E. Town, signal corps; Lieutenant Richard P. Strong, signal corps.

I desire to mention particularly the services of Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Morgan, assistant inspector-general and chief of staff, throughout the movement and on the field. I request, as I have often done heretofore, that he may be appointed a brigadier-general in the volunteers. I also request that the brevet rank of lieutenant-colonel, recently withheld from Surg. A. N. Dougherty, medical director, may be conferred upon him for gallantry and good conduct.

The reports of commanders are forwarded herewith. For the operations of General Miles I respectfully refer to his report, as he was not under my immediate command. It will be seen that he was not idle, though holding a line several miles in length, with but a little over 6,000 men. On the night of the 27th he carried one of the enemy's forts

