
cock's headquarters, and as reported to General Crawford, a short three-quarters of a mile from the right of the Second Corps line, General Crawford was then near a house, which he informed me was the Arnold house. I informed him where General Hancock's headquarters were, and also pointed out on the map the Burgess house, designating it as a point held by the line of the Second Corps and a part of its front. I further informed him that the bridge over Hatcher's Run and near the Burgess house-pointing it out to him on the map-was, when I left, held by the enemy; but the propriety of its capture was being considered.

I would record here that I passed Major Roebling, aide-de-camp to Major-General Warren, on the road which I took to reach General Crawford. Major Roebling informed me that he was looking for General Crawford, but had failed to find him. Major Roebling did not go with me. Upon my return-returning the same road I went-I informed Major-General Meade and Major-General Hancock where I found General Crawford, and pointing out on the map a point designated by General Crawford, which he stated to me I should inform them "that when he reached it he intended throwing around his left and connecting with the right of the Second Corps."

At about 10 minutes of 5 o'clock on the same afternoon Major-General Hancock directed me to communicate to Major-General Warren, or Brigadier-General Crawford, that the enemy at a little past 4 p. m. had assaulted his right flank, and between his right and General Crawford's left; that the assault had been successfully repulsed by the troops of his (Second Corps) command; that he was in need of re-enforcements; that he, the commanding officer of the Fifth Corps, should move down and connect his left with the right of the Second Corps of the whereabouts of General Hancock's line and headquarters.

In endeavoring to carry out this order I made an effort to reach General Crawford by the same road I has succeeded in reaching at an earlier hour in the afternoon, but I found it impossible, the road being held by the pickets of the enemy in the front and left flank of General Crawford's line.

I then as expeditiously as possible struck the road leading to Dabney's Mill, over which the troops of the Second Corps had marched in the earlier part of the day. Upon reaching Dabney'

s Mill I took the rad leading to the left, on which I was informed General Crawford's command had marched, and after going a distance of about two mile and a half, was halted and called upon to surrender by the Thirty-ninth North Carolina Volunteers, about 200 strong, commanded by Colonel Hunter, of the Confederate service. In surrendering I informed Colonel Huter, to whom I surrendered, that "I did so because I considered resistance as useless, but that I was of the opinion he was my prisoner instead of my being his." This regiment had captured three ambulances, some 20 horses, and about 20 prisoners. The night being excessively dark I succeeded in effecting my escape some time after 8 p. m., and upon reaching the headquarters of the Second Corps informed General Hancock that I had failed in communicating with either General Warren or General Crawford, and gave the raisons for my failure in communicating.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. BINGHAM,

Major and Judge-Advocate, Second Army Corp.

