
CITY POINT, VA., December 1, 1864.

Gregg's cavalry was sent south this morning on a reconnaissance, more particularly to discover if the enemy were moving troops south. The following dispatch is just received in relation to it:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 1, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have just heard from Gregg. His dispatch is dated 3.45 p. m. He reports having captured Stony Creek Station, which was defended by infantry and cavalry in works with artillery; [he captured two pieces of artillery,] but had no means of bringing them off, so spiked them and destroyed the carriages. He Has 190 prisoners, 8 wagons, and 30 mules. Burnt the depot with 3,000 sacks of corn, 500 bales of hay, a train of cars, large amount of bacon, clothing, ammunition, and other Government stores. Destroyed all the shops and public buildings. The Second Brigade, Colonel Gregg commanding, had the advance and is reported as most gallantly carrying the enemy's position. General Gregg is now returning to camp. No information could be obtained of the passing of any force south ward, either cavalry of infantry. The bed of the branch road from Stony Creek has been graded, but no rails laid. At Duval Station, south of Stony Creek, much property was destroyed, and a large amount of railroad iron found, which an effort was made to destroy by burning. When the staff officer who brought the dispatch left the enemy were showing signs of having concentrated and were following, but he thinks General Gregg will be in camp by midnight.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington.

CITY POINT, VA., December 7, 1864-10 p. m.

General Warren, with a force of about 22,000 infantry, six batteries, and 4,000 cavalry, started this morning with the view of cutting the Weldon railroad as far south as Hicksford. Butler at the same time is holding a threatening attitude north of the James to keep the enemy from detaching from there. To-night he has moved 6,500 infantry and two batteries across James River, to be embarked at Bermuda Hundred, to co-operate with the navy in the capture of the mouth of Cape Fear River. Palmer has also moved, or is supposed to have moved, up the Roanoke to surprise Rainbow, a place the enemy are fortifying, and to strike the Weldon road, if successful, south of Weldon. To-day General Butler sent some troops across the river above Dutch Gap and captured the pickets, and now holds the opposite side of the river, it being a long bend overflown by high tide, with no outlet except along the levees on the bank. I think he will be able to hold it. This may prove of advantage in opening the canal, and is a decided advantage in holding the enemy, who have long been expecting an attack, when it is opened. It is calculated to keep the enemy at home whilst Warren is doing his work.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.

CITY POINT, VA., December 11, 1864.

There has been no news from Warren since the evening after he left.

The Richmond papers, however, contain no news of any engagement with him beyond a rumored fight between Hampton's cavalry and some

