
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 40. November 4, 1864.

The major-general, commanding desires to express his gratification at the conduct of Mott's and Egan's divisions, as well as the artillery of the command and General Gregg's cavalry, in the action of the 27th ultimo, on the Boydton plank road. Newspaper correspondents who were not on the field have misrepresented the affair, speaking of it as a disaster, giving those troops less credit than is accorded them by our with the bearing of the troops, particularly with that of regiments whose conduct was open to censure on a previous occasion. While in pursuit of a definite object, and one distinct from the other parts of the army, the command was attacked on its flank by a large force of the enemy's infantry, and in rear by five brigades of cavalry. The flank attack was speedily repulsed and resulted disastrously to the enemy, who lost nearly a thousand prisoners, several colors, and one gun. The assault in rear was met by the gallant cavalry under General Gregg, and repulsed. The enemy expected much from this attack and gained nothing. The troops under General Miles forming a part of the force holding the entrenchments at Petersburg are also entitled to great commendation for their services while detached.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

SEPTEMBER CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Copy of daily memoranda* taken at headquarters of the Second Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, during the campaign commencing May 3, 1864, with copies of messages, dispatches, &amp;c. The Army of the Potomac commanded by Lieutenant General U. S. Grant in person, Major-General Meade second in command.

W. G. MITCHELL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp to Major-General Hancock.

August 1, 1864.-No movements to-day by Second Corps.

August 2 to 4, 1864.-No movements by Second Corps. Usual firing in the trenches. Hot and dry.

August 5, 1864.-5.30 p. m., very heavy firing in the trenches in line of Eighteenth Corps. 6.15 p. m., General Hancock received orders to march two divisions to the support of the Eighteenth Corps. First and Third Divisions put in motion immediately, but the order was countermanded before they had reached the position of the Eighteenth Corps. The troops returned to their former position. Firing on line of Eighteenth Corps said to have been occasioned by the enemy springing a mine; don't know whether this is true or not.

August 6-11, 1864.-No movements of any kind by the Second Corps during these days. The customary artillery and picket-firing in the trenches, which never ceases. Hot, very dry, and exceedingly dusty and disagreeable in all of the camps.

August 12, 1864.-12 m., this day orders received to move the corps to City Point, preparatory to embarkation on steamers. Moved immediately; reached City Point in the evening and bivouacked for the night.

*For portion of memoranda (here omitted) covering operations from May 3 to July 31, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 350, and Vol. XL, Part I, p. 316.

