
August 13, 1864.-Was directed this morning by General Hancock to superintend the embarkation of the corps. 12 m., the troops commenced moving on board the steamers; by 7.30 p. m. the embarkation of the corps was completed-the infantry. The artillery was sent by land to Jones' Neck, and it was then apparent that we were about to make a second attempt on the enemy's lines at Deep Bottom, such as we made there on the 27th, 28th, and 29th of July. 10 p. m., transports containing our troops steamed up the James River toward Jones' Neck at Deep Bottom. Suffocatingly hot to-night on board the crowded steamers-almost impossible to get any sleep. The mosquitoes infernally tormenting.

August 14, 1864.-2.30 a. m., the corps commenced disembarking at Deep Bottom. Facilities for getting them off the transports exceedingly bad; some one should by punished in this matter, engineers or quartermasters, for great delay is occasioned by the wand of proper platforms or wharf to disembark on. 5. a. m., only one-half of the corps off the transports at this hour, at this moment firing is commencing on Birney's front. (Birney is already in position on north side of James with his corps (Tenth), and is to co-operate with General Hancock.) Cavalry has just crossed the pontoon bridge at Jones' Neck, and is marching over the plain in our front. Wrote a note by direction of General Hancock to General Grant, telling him that one-half of the Second Corps was disembarked, and that he had directed General Birney to suspend his attack if it had not been commenced before the order reached him. 7.40 a. m., rear of Mott's division on shore. First Division all on shore save Broady's brigade, which was nearly all on one transport, and it is grounded in the stream. 7.45 a. m., General Mott directed to advance his division along New Market and Malvern road toward Bailey's Creek. 8.10 a. m., General Birney sent word that he had captured 100 of the enemy's pickets and had driven their picket line back. 9.30 a. m., General Grant arrived at Deep Bottom and rode along our line. 11.35 a. m., First Division advanced to New Market and Long Bridge road, connecting with our cavalry. Second Division, General Smyth commanding, also ordered forward. The day was passed until about 5 p. m. in getting our lines formed properly, &amp;c. At that hour General Barlow assailed the enemy's lines with some of his own troops and Macy's brigade, of Second Division, near Fussell's Mill, but was repelled with quite severe losses; Colonel Macy among the wounded. Before dark General Gregg (D. McM.), commanding the cavalry, sent word to General Hancock that he had advanced as far as practicable on Charles City road. Troops slept on the line of battle this night.

August 15, 1864.-7 a. m., General Birney's corps massed last night on Strawberry Plains, preparatory to attacking the enemy this morning. Barlow, Mott, and Smyth also massed their troops ready to support Birney's attack. Our line held by the pickets during the night. General Birney to attack on Central road. 11 a. m., General Miles' brigade 1st Division, marched to oppose enemy reported by General Gregg to be marching down Charles City road. General Birney also sending a brigade out toward Charles City road by a wood rad leading form Hughes' house; said to be two miles on this road from Hughes' house to Charles City road. 12 m., General Birney's troops moving across New Market and Long Brigade road and forming on right of First Division near Turner's house, getting ready for an attack on enemy's position near Fussell's Mill. 12.40 p. m., firing heard on Birney's right, sup-

16 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

