
posed to be the brigade sent toward Charles City road. Birney did not make his attack to-day; it is deferred until to-morrow. Miles' brigade returned from reconnaissance.

August 16, 1864.-4 a. m., General Miles' brigade ordered again to make reconnaissance on Charles City road. General Hancock directed me to accompany Miles and to keep him informed (General Hancock) of what occurred. Miles joined General D. McM. Gregg's division of cavalry at the point where Charles City road crossed Deep Creek. Sent a messenger back from this point to General Hancock informing him of position of enemy and our movements. Found enemy holding south side of Deep Creek in rifle-pits. The infantry (Miles' brigade) was deployed in the woods, and as soon as it began firing the cavalry charged in column of fours over the creek (the ravine was very deep and abrupt), and burst over the enemy like a whirlwind. The men cheered wildly as the horses took the gallop, and the "rebs" broke in all directions. It was the brigade of Colonel John Irvin Gregg which made the charge. Colonel G. was shot through the wrist while I was going down the ravine with him during the charge. The enemy field up Charles City road toward White's Tavern. We pursued at a gallop for about one mile and a half, when he made a stand. As soon as the infantry came up our line was formed and we again charged them, breaking their line and killing their commanding officer, Brigadier-General Chambliss, who was shot through the body while standing in the road endeavoring to rally his men. General D. McM. Gregg and myself both got to his body a moment or two after he fell, but the men had cut some of the buttons and ornaments off his uniform before we arrived on the spot. General Gregg took possession of a small Testament found in one of General Chamliss' pockets, which he will send to his family when opportunity offers, and also secured a most excellent map of Richmond and its defenses from his person. This map is of great value to us. The body of General Chamliss was sent to the rear. The troops, cavalry and infantry, pushed forward rapidly until within half a mile of White's Tavern and about six miles from Richmond, when enemy's cavalry and infantry attacked Generals Miles and Gregg in such force as to compel them to retire. This was accomplished in ordinary time all the way back to Deep Creek, although the enemy was very strong and attacked fiercely. We retired the whole distance to Deep Creek under fire by forming a line of battle of about one-half of our forces, which would give the enemy a rough reception when he came up to it; in the meantime the remaining troops would retire about half a mile and form line, when they would permit the front line to pass by them and check the enemy in their turn, until finally we reached the banks of Deep Creek and refused to go farther, and the "rebs" did not care to assail us in that position. Gregg's cavalry behaved splendidly in this day's fight. From Deep Creek I returned to General Hancock at the "Potteries" and informed him of the day's proceeding with Gregg and Miles. In the evening Miles marched from Deep Creek and took position on Birney's right near the Hughes house. I learned on my return to corps headquarters that General Birney (Tenth Corps) had assaulted the enemy's lines about 11 o'clock this a. m. near Fussell's Mill, and captured a; portion of their works with some prisoners; the enemy, however, assailed him later in the day and recaptured their line. General Birney directed by General Hancock to make another attack at 5 p. mn., but having made a reconnaissance, reported the enemy as having been re-enforced and being too strong to attack with any good hope of success.

