
August 18, 1864.-General Miles in command of First Division, Second Corps. General Barlow taken very ill and gone to hospital. Comparatively quiet until 5 p. m., when the enemy came out of their works and attacked General Birney very heavily on right of Fussell's Mill on Central road. He was repulsed, with considerable loss, after a fight of thirty minutes; musketry very heavy. About same time enemy attacked General D. McM. Gregg's cavalry at Deep Creek on Charles City road and at junction of New Market and Long Bridge roads, but were also repulsed. Fighting ceased at dark. 8 p. m., General Mott, Third Division, directed to march his command across Bermuda Hundred to front of Petersburg. Our general line of battle was then contracted as follows: Second Division on left from "Potteries" to wood road leading to New Market and Long Bridge road. First Division from right of Second Division along New Market and Long Bridge road to Birney' left. Birney in position on right, left, and front of Ruffin's house; his line running near New Market and Long Bridge road. Pickets not changed save on Birney's right, where they were refused more on our right and rear. Gregg in same position as yesterday.

August 19, 1864.-10.30 a. m. troops in same position as yesterday evening. General Hancock received a dispatch from General Grant stating that one division of the enemy's troops, it was thought, had recrossed the James and Appomattox to General Meade's front, advising General hancock not to hesitate to attack if opening offered. 2.30 p. m., delivered order from General Hancock to General D. McM. Gregg to send one brigade of cavalry to General Meade. This day passed without serious fighting or important movements on our part. One brigade of General Gregg's cavalry crossed James River in accordance with orders, on its way to report to General Meade.

August 20, 1864.-Quiet, comparatively, throughout the day; some picket-firing. Preparations made to move line in front of Petersburg again. Colonel Thompson, Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers, corps officer of the day, to bring off the pickets after the infantry has been withdrawn. At dark troops marched toward pontoon bridges at Jones' Neck, Second Division in advance. Troops commenced crossing brigade about 7 p. m.; infantry on upper bridge, Gregg's cavalry on lower. General Hancock and portion of the staff remained on north side of James until troops had crossed. Returned to vicinity or Deserted House, in front of Petersburg, where we again encamped about daylight on the morning of August 21.

August 21, 1864.-11.30 a. m., corps moved toward Strong house, where the troops remained in position for a few hours, then marched to Gurley house and took position, supporting Fifth Corps, which is holding on Weldon railroad at Yellow Tavern, called also Globe Tavern.

August 22, 1864.-12.30 p. m., First Division advanced on Weldon railroad with orders to cover working party engaged in destroying railway and to assist in the destruction of the same. No fighting to-day.

August 23, 1864.-Railroad destroyed as far as Reams' Station. Heavy skirmishing in front between enemy and our cavalry under Colonel Spear. First Division took position and encamped for the night at Reams' Station; Second Division of the corps moved up on Jerusalem plank road to junction of the same with Reams' Station road; Third Division remained in works in front of Petersburg.

August 24, 1864.-First Division destroying railroad from Reams' Station toward Rowanty Creek; Second Division moved up to Reams' Station, taking position there, Gregg's (D. McM.) cavalry covering our

