
September 1, 1864.-Quiet until about 8 p. m., when enemy's cavalry made a dash against our cavalry picket-line, driving a portion of it in on the left of the Gurley house. Second Corps got under arms, but the enemy was at once driven away by our cavalry and the line re-established.

September 2, 1864.-Quiet. Troops of Mott's division into new fort and rifle-pits. Deserter executed in First Division to-day (shot).

September 3, 1864.-No movements. Rifle-pits completed between fort in front of Strong's house and Fort Crawford.

September 4, 1864.-Quiet all day. At 11.45 our batteries opened according to orders received from General Grant, firing a national salute of shot and shell from each battery in our lines into the rebel works. Batteries in lines of Tenth and Eighteenth Corps firing at same time.

September 5, 1864.-Miles' and Gibbon's divisions moved to new line of battle from Williams' house to fort on Norfolk road; batteries placed at right of Williams' house, between the house and plank road; one battery (in redan) on plank road on right of Ferris' house; Miles occupied line from right of Williams' house (where he connected with Willcox, Ninth Corps) to open plain near Widow Smith's house; Gibbon's line entrenching to fort on Norfolk road; Mott's division in front line.

September 6, 1864.-First Division moved to left, its right resting on plank road near Williams' house; Second Division also moved to left, occupying fort on Norfolk road and covering ground to the Blackwater.

September 7, 1864.-Nothing of importance occured this day; usual artillery firing on front lines.

September 8, 1864.-No movements this day.

September 9, 1864.-Quiet, save artillery firing on line of Tenth Corps; First and Second Divisions moved back in reserve-Second Division in vicinity of Deserted House, First Division in vicinity of Jones' house.

September 10, 1864.-In compliance with orders from corps headquarters three regiments of Mott's division advanced on the enemy's picket-line at 1 a. m., in front of and to the left of Fort Hell. Captured about one mile and a half of their line with 83 prisoners, and killing and wounding a number of the enemy. Sharp musketry all day and night between enemy's picket-lines and ours, and from the redan on the left of Fort Hell; also heavy artillery firing.

September 11, 1864.-Nothing of importance. The firing between our pickets and those of enemy continued all day in front of Fort Hell, with some artillery.

September 12, 1864.-Usual picket-firing in front of Fort Hell; quiet otherwise.

September 13, 1864.-Nothing of importance occurred to-day.

September 14, 1864.-Quiet until 5 p. m., when enemy shelled train on railroad near Fort Crawford; our batteries replied.

September 15, 1864.-All quiet except firing on picket-line.

Numbers 18. Report of Brigadier General Francis C. Barlow, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations August 13-17.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my division at Deep Bottom in August, 1864:

On August 13 the division, together with the rest of the corps, proceeded by water to Deep Bottom, arriving there during the night of the

