
Being compelled by illness to give up the command of the division and proceed to hospital at City Point on August 17, I have received no official report of the operations of Miles' brigade on August 16, and I respectfully refer for the particulars thereof to that officer.

Being absent from the division still, I am unable to furnish a list of casualties on the occasion of the operations above referred to, and I respectfully refer to Brigadier-General Miles, commanding the division, for this information.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General of Vols., Commanding First Div., Second Corps.

[Captain WILLIAM P. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 19. Reports of Brigadier General Nelson A. Miles, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations August 12-26, October 27-30, and December 9-10.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 10, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division from August 12 to 20, inclusive:

At 4 p. m. the division left camp near the Deserted House and marched to City Point, where it bivouacked for the night. At 11 a. m. on the 13th the troops commenced to embark on transports. At 7 p. m. the last regiment was embarked. At 10 p. m. the transports moved up the James River. At 1 a. m. on the 14th they commenced disembarking at Deep Bottom. With the exception of the One hundred and forty-wight Pennsylvania and part of the Seventh New York Artillery, all were on shore at 6 a. m. The steamer with the regiments named having grounded, they were transhipped and arrived a few hours later. As soon as the last were on shore the division moved across Strawberry Plains and through the woods skirting them to the New Market road, Miles' brigade, on the left, being the first to strike that road. The enemy made no attempt to molest us before that road was reached. Here they were found occupying the works thrown up on the occasion of the previous movement to this place. The division was pushed up to these but though an advance line of slight rifle-pits in front of our right was occupied, the main line was successfully held by the enemy against our attempt. By placing two guns in position on a hill in front of our left, which bore upon the New Market road, he annoyed us somewhat, but our line was established across the Central road, near Fussell's Mill. The First Brigade, Colonel Macy, of the Second Division, was sent to General barlow, who was then in command of this division, to attempt to carry by assault th enemy's works at the mill. The attempt was unsuccessful, and resulted in the injuring of Colonel Macy and about 100 officers and men. A line was established about 100 yards in rear of the farthest position attained by the division and entrenched during the night. On the 15th the First Brigade, General Miles, was sent to support the cavalry under General Gregg, on the right, and the remainder of the division was withdrawn to the New Market road.

