
the Fifth Corps, and to destroy the railroad, keeping half my force at the work, the remainder being held in reserve and covering the working party. The Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry was ordered to report to me for duty in covering my left flank. Working until dark, abut two miles of the road were destroyed. The division bivouacked for the night near the Parker house. On the morning of the 23 I was directed to continue the destruction of the railroad. Colonel Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, was ordered to report to me with his brigade of two regiments, relieving the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, then under my command. At 11 a.m. the road had been destroyed to within a mile of Reams' Station. General Barlow, having returned from hospital, resumed command of the division. He directed me to send two regiments, under Colonel Lynch, to occupy Reams' Station, three squadrons of cavalry having previously been sent to the same place. Immediately upon hearing from these regiments, I moved my brigade there, occupied the works, and commenced destroying the track. At dark the remainder of the division also moved into the works. On the morning of the 24th General Barlow turned over to me the command of the division. By direction of Major-General Hancock I moved the division out of the works and continued the destruction of the railroad, General Gibbon's division occupying the works and relieving my picket-line. The road was effectually destroyed for three miles south of Reams' Station. During the day Colonel Sper's cavalry, supported by 100 infantry from the Fourth Brigade, was engaged in slight skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry, driving it at least two miles beyond the working parties, or five miles from Reams' Station toward Rowanty Creek. At dark the division was withdrawn to the works around the station, leaving the cavalry, under Colonel Spear, at the cross-roads, near Sharp's [Smart's?] house, picketing all the roads in that direction.

By order of Major-General Hancock, at daylight on the morning of the 25th, I relieved the troops of General Gibbon in the works and his picket-line of 700 men around the station. At 9 o'clock, while General Gibbon's division was moving out, Colonel Spear's cavalry was attacked and driven from its position. About half an hour later the cavalry in front of the extreme left of my picket-line was attacked by dismounted men and driven in on the road leading to Jerusalem plank road. The picket-line was also driven in a short distance. I ordered two small regiments (about 200 men) to their support, which with the cavalry, drove the enemy back, after which he disappeared. I then ordered these regiments back, as firing and commenced on my front. The cavalry in my front was attacked and compelled to retire. General Gibbon's division then returning to the works, one of his brigades relieved the left brigade of my line, which was then placed in the front, on the right of Sleeper's battery, closing up my line to the right, it having been hitherto formed in one rank. The line as then formed, and as it remained until it left the works, was as follows: Fourth New York Artillery, Lieutenant-Colonel Allcock, connected with the right of General Gibbon's division at the railroad. On its right was the Fourth Brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Broady, Sixty-first New York Volunteers; the consolidated Second and Third Brigades, Major Byron, Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers; and connecting with this, its left resting on the railroad, the First Brigade, Colonel Lynch, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers. My troops could not fill the works on the right, but in the center the line was strong, Lieutenant-Colonel Broady having one regiment, the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania, in reserve. The two batteries of artillery

