
ers of the Consolidated Brigade, who made feeble resistance, debouched from the woods in front of that and the Fourth Brigade, advancing through the slashing, which was thirty yards wide. At first he was met by a sharp fire from these brigades, part of the First Brigade, which fired to the left oblique, and the Fourth New York Artillery to the right oblique. Although he pushed forward with determination, he was repulsed at several points and his organization greatly broken up by severity of the fire and the obstacles in his front; but, unfortunately, just as his entire repulse seemed certain, a portion of the Consolidated Brigade, consisting of the Seventh, Fifty-second, and Thirty-ninth New York Regiments, broke and fell into confusion. At the same time a break occurred in the right of the same brigade-the One hundred and twenty-fifth and One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Regiments. I stood at the time on the bank of the railroad cut and saw a rebel color-bearer spring over our works and down into the cut almost at my feet.

But few of the enemy had reached the work, and a determined resistance for five minutes would have given us the victory. I looked for Lieutenant-Colonel Rugg, but not at the moment seeing him I directed his brigade to rush into the gap and commence firing. Not a minute's time was lost before giving this order, but instead of executing it they either lay on their faces or got up and ran to the rear. I then rode down the line of the Fourth Brigade, ordering it to move toward the right and hold the rifle-pit. These troops were then fighting gallantly, their brigade commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Broady, being conspicuous, encouraging and directing his men. Finding the enemy had gained the angle and flanked my line, I rode to the Twelfth New York Battery and directed Lieutenant Dauchy to fire canister at that point, which he did with great effect, working his guns gallantly until the enemy was upon him. His horses were killed, and it was impossible to limber up and draw off his guns on the breaking of the line. The enemy pushed forward, and taking possession of them, turned one of them and opened fire with it upon our troops. The One hundred and fifty-second New York Regiment, Captain Burke [Burt] commanding, when the assault was made, was directed to attack the enemy in flank and rear. The regiment had changed front, was moved up to within 200 yards, and directed to open fire. Captain Marlin, division inspector, a very cool and reliable officer, reports that not a shot was fired at it, but the men broke from the ranks and fled in a disgraceful manner, only two men in the regiment discharging their pieces.

The panic had become somewhat general, and it was with the greatest difficulty that any line could be formed. One regiment, the Sixty-first New York, was observed fighting with determination. It had changed front after the rifle-pits had been flanked, and with its right resting on the works was contesting every foot of ground gained by the enemy. I rallied a line on this regiment perpendicular to the line of works, forming it as well as possible under fire, with its right extended about 100 yards in front of the works, the enemy holding the works but a short distance from it, and directing his fire chiefly to our left. On account of the smoke he apparently did not observe this new line on his left flank, and ordering the firing to cease I directed it to advance, with a cheer. It swept the enemy from the entire north face of the works, recapturing the three guns of the Twelfth New York Battery, and driving the enemy into the railroad cut. This line was held by us until dark. I then succeeded in getting about 200 men around to our right and across the railroad, about 200 yards from the

