
importance to warrant the weakening of the garrison of the fort to the extent necessary to hold it, and finding that there were indications on the part of the enemy of an attempt to reoccupy it, my troops were withdrawn.

The casualties in these operations were 4 officers and 63 men killed, wounded, and missing. A statement of these accompanies this report.*

Lieutenant Colonel D. F. Burke, Eighty-eighth New York; Captain J. Z. Brown, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania,and Lieutenant Henry D. Price, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania, acting aide-de-camp to the commandant Fourth Brigade, killed and left on the field, were conspicuous for their spirit and good conduct.

In the affair at Fort Morton no artillery was used, but at the attack at Fort Sedgwick the artillery of the enemy opened along the entire line, and being actively replied to a furious cannonade ensued, lasting for about half an hour. At about 11 p.m. the enemy again opened, and, though not so generally replied to, a brisk fire was kept up for about the same length of time. No other operations were undertaken, and the line remained quiet during the remainder of the night and the succeeding day.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 2, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the statements of Colonel MacDougall, the brigade commander, and the officers in charge of the picket-line captured by the enemy on the evening of the 30th ultimo. I am satisfied that the enemy were allowed to enter our lines through treachery. I think the deserters from the Sixty-ninth New York were rebels and informed the enemy of the position of our line. The majority of the men on our line were new recruits, which may account for their mistaking the rebels for the proper relief; but there is no excuse for the officers on the line. They have been placed in arrest and will be tried by court-martial.

Very respectfully,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,November 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose the statements of the officers on the picket-line on the evening of the 30th of October, and also to offer in explanation that the reason why it was not sent in before was my absence during the whole of the day yesterday and until late last

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 killed, 25 wounded, and 38 missing.

