
arms. I then started of Third Brigade headquarters to report the fact to the colonel commanding brigade, [and met] Lieutenant Hoff, commanding a section of the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers, connecting with the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, and from him I learned that the rebels came through the picket-line of the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers (at the section commanded by Lieutenant [Murphy], of the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, who was captured) near the corner of the woods and filed to the right, "gobbling" up our pickets as they went along. There must have been another column which filed to the left, as they were all captured down to the ravine. The right of the line across the ravine was not disturbed. I met at Third Brigade headquarters the major of the Fortieth New York Volunteers just doing out with his detail to relieve the right of the line. I went out with him and went over the lines and saw that the connections were made and the lines again formed. In the morning I rode down to Fort Davis and there I found some men of the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, whom I took and proceeded to the picket-line to gather the arms left by our men in the pits when they were captured. I there met the major of the Fortieth New York Volunteers, who informed me that the arms had been gathered up and that his orders were to send them to Third Division headquarters.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS W. HUSK,

Lieutenant-Colonel 111th New York Volunteers, Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant GEORGE MITCHELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]
HEADQUARTERS 111TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,October 31, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Consolidated Brigade, I have the honor to report as follows:

Lieutenant-Colonel Husk, brigade officer of picket, October 28, 29, and 30, 1864. Captain R. J. Myers commanded left of brigade picket-line on the 28th, 29th, and 30th of October, 1864; Captain Mumford commanded the detail from this regiment on the 28th, 29th, and 30th of October, 1864; Lieutenant A. P. Camp and Lieutenant Hoff commanded each a section of Captain Mumford's detail. I have also to report that Captain Myers, Lieutenant Hoff, and three enlisted men joined the regiment on the night of the 30th of October, 1864, and that Captain Mumford, Lieutenant Camp, and sixty-six enlisted men joined the regiment on the morning of the 31st of October, 1864. There was captured by the enemy of the detail from this regiment 82 enlisted men. The detail of officers and enlisted men from this regiment was as follows:

Lieutenant Colonel Lewis W. Husk, brigade officer of picket; Captain R. J. Myers, commanding left of brigade picket from Fifth Corps on the left to ravine on the right; Captain L. Mumford, commanding One hundred and eleventh detail, headquarters near the road leading from Fort Hays to picket-line, Lieutenant A. P. Camp, commanding left section of detail from One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant E. W. Hoff, commanding right section of said detail. Original detail 175 enlisted men, of which the One hundred and eleventh furnished 157, Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers furnished 18. Recapitulation: Returned of One hundred and eleventh detail from picket-line sick,

