
and kept them in until I received the dispatch of which the inclosed is a copy. I do not attribute any blame in this matter to any officer in the subsistence department. I do not know that any one is particularly to blame, but I would prefer to have the matter investigated, and I expect an application from Captain Richardson, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, for a court of inquiry.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. R. MORGAN,

Lieutenant Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence, Chief Commissary.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 28, 1864-10 a. m.

Captain E. S. PARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In answer to your telegram addressed to General Williams, I would say that beef-cattle can be safely herded and grazed near Coggins' Point. General Williams left for City Point about an hour ago.

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 3. Report of Captain John H. Woodward, Commissary of Subsistence, U. S. Army, of operations September 16.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL CATTLE HERD, ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND,Near City Point, Va., September 16, 1864.

COLONEL: I have to report that at about 5 a. m. this day an attack was made upon the camp of the cattle herd at Coggins' Point, Va. The attack was made by the enemy seemingly all along the picket-line simultaneously. The herd was being held about two miles to the rear of the picket-line, Captain N. A. Richardson, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, in charge, with a cavalry guard from the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry (150 men), under command of Captain Henry H. Gregg. What resistance was made to the advance of the enemy by the First District of Columbia Volunteers came back in disorder through their command, the enemy following closely in large force. Upon approaching Captain Gregg's picket-line the enemy sent out from their main column two men with flag of truce, demanding their surrender, which was refused by Sergeant Kenyon, in command of the picket line, upon which the flag of truce was dropped and the enemy sounded bugles to the charge, a column coming in on the front and on both flanks, completely surrounding the herd, and so closed in, precluding all possibility of egress for the herd. Captain Gregg held

