
October 29, 6 enlisted men; October 30, 3 enlisted men; October 31, 66 enlisted men, captured on the picket-line night of 30th, 82 enlisted men; total, 157 enlisted men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS W. HUSK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 111th New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant GEORGE MITCHELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Veteran officers: Lieutenant-Colonel Husk, Captain Myers, Lieutenant Camp, and Lieutenant Hoff. New officer; Captain L. Mumford. Enlisted men: Veterans, 16; recruits and substitutes, 141; total, 157.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 13, 1864

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops engaged in the reconnaissance of December 9 and 10:

The force consisted of the First, Third, and Fourth Brigade of this division, three regiments of cavalry under Colonel Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery, Brevet Major Brown, and a section of horse artillery with the cavalry. The force left camp at daylight on the morning of the 9th, marching on the Vaughan road. A few vedettes were found at Cummings' house, about a mile from Hatcher's Run. These left as soon as the head of the column came in sight. At the crossing of the road over Hatcher's Run the enemy were found intrenched on the opposite side, and opened with carbines as soon as our men appeared. The run had been dammed about one-eighth of a mile below the crossing, making the water about four feet deep and fifty feet wide. Holes had been dug in the bed of the stream, and trees slashed in it for a considerable distance above and below, making a most difficult obstruction. After some delay a crossing was effected and the works occupied, the enemy leaving at once. The fords at Armstrong's Mill, about a mile above, and on the road by the Cummings house, half a mile below, were then taken possession of an guarded. The cavalry was sent down the Vaughan road to Davis' Shop, the infantry being posted to cover the fords and the roads leading to the right. The dam was cut to let the water off, and a practicable bridge built by night. At dark Brigadier-General Wheaton, with part of two divisions of the Sixth Corps, connected on the right, extending along the Squirrel Level road in the direction of the intrenchments. At dark the cavalry was withdrawn from Davis' Shop and posted outside of the infantry on the Vaughan and Duncan roads and on the left flank.

On the morning of the 10th parties of cavalry were sent in the direction of Stony Creek. These parties returned about 1 p.m. The information obtained by the various scouting parties was communicated to the major-general commanding in dispatches immediately upon their return. At about 1 p.m. I received orders for the withdrawal of my troops. While the movement was in progress a cavalry force of the enemy attacked the cavalry in front of each for and drove it back upon the infantry. This force followed me after the withdrawal, but made no further attack. My troops reached the intrenchments at dark on the evening of the 10th.

