
The casualties in this division were 20 wounded and 13 missing, all from the First Brigade. I had no report of casualties in the cavalry. Nineteen prisoners were taken during these operations and sent to headquarters Second Army Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps..

Numbers 20. Report of Colonel James C. Lynch, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 22-26.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,August 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular of yesterday, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from the morning of the 22nd to the morning of the 26th instant:

On the 22nd the brigade moved about noon from its bivouac near the Gurley house and marched to the vicinity of the Perkins house, on the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, where it was formed in line east of the railroad and parallel with it, facing west. Skirmishers were thrown out well to the front, and the remainder of the command was employed in destroying the railroad on its front and southward toward Reams' Station. On the 23rd the brigade marched southward along the railroad . I was relieved from command of the brigade and sent with the One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers and Eighty-first Pennsylvania Regiment to occupy Reams' Station, which was accomplished without opposition. About 1 p.m., the rest of the brigade having arrived, was employed in destroying the railroad to the north and south of the station until ordered to fall in under arms in consequence of an attack of the enemy on the cavalry covering our front. The brigade at this time occupied a position in intrenchments built by the Sixth corps in June last, its right extending across the railroad and facing north and west. In this position in bivouacked for the night. On the 24th, about 8 a.m,. I assumed command of the brigade, which was relieved by a portion of the Second Division of this corps, and moved southeast along the railroad, about one mile, where pickets were thrown out and the work of destroying the railroad renewed. About 5 p.m. we moved about one mile and a half farther to the left, and continued the destruction of the track until dark, when the brigade returned to Reams' Station and bivouacked in the rifle-pits to the west of the railroad, the right of the brigade resting on it.

On the 25th, about 7 a.m., the Second Division having vacated the works east of the railroad facing north. I was ordered to occupy the with this brigade, which was complied with, my left resting on the railroad and the regiments being formed in the following order from left to right, viz: Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania

