
farther below, which he did. This position was maintained (the cavalry again came forward and passed to our front) until 2 p.m. December 10, when I received orders to withdraw. While making preparations to withdraw, the enemy attacked with vigor the cavalry support in my front opposite the ford. With the assistance of two companies of Sixty-first New York Volunteer Infantry the enemy were checked. At this time the cavalry withdrew and the enemy again advanced and were again, driven off, not without some close fighting, in which Colonel Scott, Sixty-first New York Volunteers, lost 13 men, captured and wounded, and gained as many from the enemy. Colonel Scott then withdrew and followed the brigade, then on the road back to camp. List of casualties has been already furnished. I would express great satisfaction with my entire command. The skirmishing was done by the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain Stockton commanding, in a gallant manner, and with large loss, considering the number engaged.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. N. MACY,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major W. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 22. Report of Major James Fleming, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations August 13-20.*

A report of operations on the north bank of the James River by Twenty-eighth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, from the 13th to 20th of August, 1864.

The Twenty-eighth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers broke camp before Petersburg on the afternoon of the 12th of August, 1864, and arrived late at night at City Point.

The next day at noon the regiment, with the brigade, embarked on transports for Deep Bottom, Va., at which place it arrived, and disembarked about daybreak of Sunday, the 14th instant. The regiment made a demonstration upon a rebel battery during the forenoon, suffering a loss of 1 commissioned officer (Captain P. Nolan) and 3 enlisted men killed, and 11 enlisted men wounded. On the 15th instant the regiment moved with the brigade toward the right and bivouacked for the night. Early on the 16th the regiment moved with the brigade to Charles City Cross-Roads, supporting General Gregg's brigade of cavalry. The regiment was thrown out as skirmishers and engaged the enemy. After a stubborn and well-contested resistance against superior numbers the regiment was obliged to fall back upon the brigade, losing heavily in killed, wounded, and missing. The brigade joined the division that night.

On the afternoon of the 18th instant the brigade moved out to support the cavalry. At dark the brigade returned and threw up works on the New Market road. After dark of the 20th instant the regiment, with the brigade, marched back again to before Petersburg, reaching there at about 8 a.m. of the 21st instant.

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 388, and Vol. XL, Part I, p. 336.

---------------

