
Casualties during the period from 13th to 20th of August, 1864; 1 Captain and 3 enlisted men killed; 18 enlisted men wounded; 22 enlisted men missing.

JAMES. FLEMING,

Major Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 23. Report of Captain Lucius H. Ives, Twenty-sixth Michigan Infantry, of operations August 13-20.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SIXTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS,September 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

August 13, embarked on transports at City Point, and the morning of the 14th landed at Deep Bottom. Were placed on picket on the New Market road. Relieved the afternoon of the 15th, and joined the brigade then on the extreme right of our line. The morning of the 16th moved with General Miles' command up the Charles City road in the direction of Richmond. Were deployed as skirmishers, our right resting on the road and our left connecting with the Fifth New Hampshire. Engaged the enemy near White Oak Swamp and drove him nearly three miles. At 12 m. were relieved from the line by the Second New York Heavy Artillery. In the afternoon were drawn up in line, on the right of the road, and assisted to hold the enemy's advance in check. Withdrew toward evening to a position in the vicinity of Deep Bottom, where we remained doing picket duty until the evening of the 20th, when we again crossed to the south side of the James.

Casualties August 16 at White Oak Swamp-killed, 4; wounded, 14; missing, 17.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. IVES,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE H. CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 24. Report of Major James E. Larkin, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry, of operations July 26-30 and August 13-20.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Near Petersburg, Va, September 27, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with instructions from brigade headquarters I have the honor to forward the following report:

On the afternoon of July 26, 1864, the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers took up line of march for Deep Bottom. About 3 a.m. of the 27th crossed the James and rested on the north bank. Line of battle was then formed, the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers on the right, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania in the center, the Fifth

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Vol. XL, Part I, p. 338.

---------------

