
New Hampshire on the left. Shortly after the left wing of the Fifth was deployed as skirmishers, the right wing being held in reserve. This line then moved on the enemy's works, driving him out and capturing four guns and a number of small-arms and prisoners. On the night of July 29 my regiment recrossed the James and returned the next day to the front of Petersburg.*

On the afternoon of August 13, 1864, the Fifth Regiment embarked on transport for Deep Bottom. Early in the morning of the 14th my regiment landed and marched toward Deep Run. That night the regiment, commanded by Captain J. S. Ricker, was on picket, and on being relieved about noon of the 15th rejoined the brigade. At 4 a.m. of the 16th the Fifth moved toward the Charles City road. On reaching the outer pickets the regiment was deployed as skirmishers and advanced until about 1 p.m., losing two men killed and several wounded. At 1 o'clock the Fifth was relieved by the Second New York Heavy Artillery and marched to the Charles City road, the enemy driving back our first line by an attack in force, the Fifth formed in the second line, the right resting on the road. The troops on our right being outflanked fell back, and we were obliged to follow. Moved back in the afternoon to the vicinity of Deep Run. On the afternoon of the 18th, an attack being made on Gregg's cavalry, the regiment, commanded by Major J. E. Larkin, moved to their support, but was not engaged. On the 20th of August, at dark, the line of march was taken up, and crossing the James the Fifth reached the old camp in front of Petersburg on the morning of the next day. The losses of the regiment in the first expedition were 1 enlisted man killed and 12 wounded: in the second 2 enlisted men killed, 4 wounded, 9 missing.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

JAS. E. LARKIN,

Major Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain G. H. CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 25. Report of Captain Oscar F. Hulser, Second New York Heavy Artillery, of operations August 13-20.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW YORK ARTILLERY,September 28, 1864.#

Report of the operations on the James River of Second New York Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel William Wilson, from the 13th to the 20th of August:

August 13 [12],left camp before Petersburg, marched to the neighborhood of City Point, and camped for the night. August 14 [13], embarked on transports. Steamed down and anchored in the river till night. Then sailed for and disembarked at Deep Bottom on the morning of the 15th [14th.]. In the forenoon advanced and engaged the enemy, who was found strongly intrenched, and drove them from part of their works, which we succeeded in holding, our loss in this fight being 3 commissioned officers wounded, 1 commissioned officer killed, 20 enlisted men wounded, 3 enlisted men killed, and 6 missing. 16th [15th], camped for some time

---------------

*See also Vol. XL, Part I, p. 339, for another report of the operations from July 26 to 30.

#For portion of report here omitted, see Vol. XL, Part I, p. 341.

---------------

