
in woods and at night [noon] advanced upon the New Market road about four miles, when the enemy was again found and engaged with, our force gradually falling back. 17th [16th], again advanced and fought the enemy, our loss being 16 enlisted men wounded, 3 enlisted men killed, and 11 missing. 18th, camped near New Market road and built breastworks. 19th [20th], returned to south side of the river, and marched to Petersburg. 20th [21st], arrived before Petersburg at old camp.

Recapitulation: Killed, 1 commissioned officer and 6 enlisted men; wounded, 3 commissioned officers and 36 enlisted men; missing, 17 enlisted men; total, 63.

O. F. HULSER,

Captain, Second New York Artillery, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 26. Reports of Major George Hogg, Second New York Heavy Artillery, of operations August 13 and December 9-10.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW YORK ARTILLERY,In the Field, August 17, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report in obedience to orders from division headquarters:

On the morning of Sunday, August 13 [14] instant, I was ordered by General Miles to advance my regiment of nine companies, numbering in all 320 officers and men, across the New Market road through a wood to the edge of a corn-field. I did so and then saw General Barlow, commanding division. I asked him if my line was far enough advanced. He informed me I must take my orders from General Miles. Immediately after (I should say two minutes at farthest) General Barlow ordered me to advance my regiment as quickly as possible and take a line of rebel works on the left and about 900 yards form my front. He also informed me that he would send the Third Brigade as a support. I advanced into the corn-field and then moved by the left flank. While doing so an orderly came from General Barlow sailing that I was going too far to the left, upon which I moved my regiment forward. On my right was a wood from whence the enemy was driving the skirmish line. There was a ravine on my left, in which the enemy's skirmishers were posted, subjecting me to a flanking fire. I was at this time advancing upon the works indicated by General Barlow, my right partially covered by a wood, in which rapid firing was going on. An officer here informed me that there was a rebel line of rifle-pits about 200 yards in advance of their main works in the woods, and knowing that were I to advance while that line was held by the enemy my regiment would be completely enfiladed, I determined to take the advance line. I did so, and drove the enemy out and over a hill into the main work indicated by General Barlow. I was unable to advance farther as the enemy were in strong force and getting artillery into position on his right. I afterward saw General Barlow on the knoll behind the rifle-pit I had taken and verbally gave him this explanation, why I had not advanced on the main work.

Hoping this explanation may prove satisfactory to yourself and the general commanding division,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE HOGG,

Major Second New York Artillery.

General N. A. MILES,

Commanding First Brigade, First Division.

