HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW YORK ARTILLERY,December 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of this p.m., I have the honor to report that the Second New York Artillery broke camp at daylight on the morning of the 9th instant, and marched to the left to near Hatcher's Run, where the enemy were met in some force behind slight works on the opposite side of the run,which had been made to form a formidable obstacle to our further progress by means of a dam thrown up at a distance below. After a few shells had been thrown into the enemy's works by our artillery, at a signal the Second New York charged across the stream and dislodged the enemy. In doing this the barrier which had been put in the way by the enemy formed a greater hinderance to our passage than the active defense of their works, which was but feeble. At a late hour of the same afternoon the regiment was relieved and retired across the run and went into camp, where it remained until a late hour of the next day, when we returned to our former camp near the Weldon railroad.

In conclusion, I would add that it is difficult to bestow praise upon any particular ones where all performed their duties so well. I would express my entire satisfaction with the conduct of the regiment, and hope it has merited the approval of the superior commanders.

The casualties in the regiment were three wounded and three missing, as follows: James D. Coffin, Company D, left arm amputated; John B. Gilbert, Company E, severely in side; John Bell, Company I, left leg amputated; Nicholas J. Shrader, Company F, missing; Daniel Van Nort, Company L, missing; Abel Bunnell, Company L, missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE HOGG,

Major, Commanding Second New York Artillery.

Captain McALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 27. Report of Captain William Church, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations August 13-20.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH NEW YORK ARTILLERY,September 27, 1864.

Report of operations of the Fourth New York Artillery from August 13 to August 20:

On the evening of the 13th of August the regiment embarked at City Point and proceeded up the River to Deep Bottom, at which place it debarked at daylight on the morning of the 14th, and bivouacked in a field about half a mile from landing. Company B was sent out on picket and at 9 a.m. the regiment moved to the front about one mile and a half, when the whole command was sent on picket until 12 m., at which time they were relieved and joined the division on the New Market road, being placed on the left of the First Brigade in line of battle. During the night the regiment built a line of breast-works. On the morning of the 15th were relieved by a brigade of the Second Division and sent to the rear to camp in reserve on the New Market road. Company F was sent on picket in the evening, ad was relieved by Com-

