
panies A and G on the evening of the 16th, who were in turn relieved by Companies E, H, and K. Companies A and G lost on their tour of duty 1 officer wounded and 2 men killed. On the evening of the 17th Companies E, H, and K were relieved by Companies C, I, and M. Companies E, H, and K had lost during their tour 3 enlisted men wounded. On the evening of the 18th, when the enemy attacked the Tenth Corps they attempted to force the right of our line, but were repulsed. On the morning of the 19th Companies A and F relieved those on picket, and were themselves relieved on the morning of the 20th by Companies E and G. On the evening of the 20th we broke camp and crossed the James River, and proceeded to our old camp at army headquarters.

List of casualties, August 17: George H. Warner, first lieutenant, Company A; William H. Totten, private, Company A; Albert E. Clapsaddle, private Company E, wounded. Thomas B. Edwards, private, Company A; John Smith, private, Company E; Peter Goldsmith, private, Company G, killed.

WM. CHURCH,

Captain, Commanding.

Numbers 28. Report of Captain John B. Vande Wiele, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations August 22-26.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH NEW YORK ARTILLERY,August 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your request of the 27th instant I transmit the following report of operations from the 22nd to the morning of the 26th instant:

On the morning of the 22nd the First Battalion of the regiment, Companies C, I, F and M, left camp to build a corduroy road to the headquarters of the Fifth Corps at the Yellow House, from which duty they were relieved at 12 m. and proceeded with the balance of the regiment to the Weldon railroad to tear up and destroy it. On the morning of the 23rd we marched down the railroad to a point within three miles of Reams' Station and again went to work on the road during the morning. Companies A and H, under command of Captain McKeel, were ordered to report to Colonel Spear, commanding a cavalry brigade, for duty. They charged with the cavalry a mile through a cleared space and piece of woods and held their ground, but were afterward ordered to retire by Colonel Spear. Their loss was 3 enlisted men killed, 4 wounded, 2 missing, 3 by sunstroke. In the afternoon they were relieved by Companies G and M, under command of Captain Morrison. These companies were held in reserve to the cavalry picket. Captain Morrison with forty men was ordered to march by a flank up a road leading into the enemy's line, and, when fired into, to deploy and charge their position. He proceeded as ordered, but as the enemy showed a disposition to allow him to march into their line without firing,he halted and was afterward ordered to retire by Colonel Spear, and deploy as skirmishers and charge their position. This charge was to be supported by the cavalry dismounted. He did as ordered, but after arriving within fifty yards of the enemy's line, finding them strongly posted in a corn-field, and that the cavalry that were ordered to support him had halted at least 500 yards in his rear, he halted behind a

