
the enemy in check in his immediate front till he was nearly surrounded, when he ordered a retreat, and in the effort to rally his men again was taken prisoner, the command then devolving upon Captain James M. Bell, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who had been wounded in the shoulder early in the engagement, but remained on the field. The enemy closing in again in large force, he order a retreat, which, being closely followed, became a partial rout, but he succeeded in rallying his men again at a distance from camp-perhaps a mile or two-but was unable, with his small force, to give any protection to the herd as against the large force of the enemy, estimated by the officers on the ground at three brigades of cavalry and two four-gun batteries of artillery, say between 3,000 and 4,000 men. Lieutenant McDonald was injured early in the engagement by his horse falling on him, and rendered incapable of moving for some time. Captain Richardson made his escape through the lines of the enemy in the woods after the herd was surrounded and no possible chance of getting them away. Assistant Surgeon Stanton, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was made prisoner by the enemy. Men who lay concealed near the scene of action report that the enemy stayed but a short time after the attack, moving the herd in the direction of the Blackwater. The whole number of beef cattle captured was 2,486 head; three wagons and teams captured. The number of horses captured not yet precisely known. The number of horses captured not yet precisely known.

The following casualties occurred in the cavalry guarding the cattle (the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry detachment), viz:*

These last two [William Cassidy and John Dugan, hearses,] were killed after having surrendered and begging for quarter. So stated by men who lay concealed near by where they were shot. I have every reason to know that the enemy came purposely for the herd, from the fact that they brought a great number of dogs to assist in driving a herd.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WOODWARD,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence, in Charge.

Lieutenant Colonel M. R. MORGAN,

Chief C. S., Armies Operating Against Richmond.

No. 4. Report of Captain Nathaniel A. Richardson, Commissary of Subsistence, U. S. Army, of operations September 16.

CAMP NEAR CITY POINT, VA.,

September 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit to you the following report of the leading facts and circumstances connected with the capture of the cattle herd under my charge near Coggin's Point, Va., on the morning of the 16th instant:

In compliance with instructions given to me by you, I moved the herd to Coggins' Point, on the James River, opposite Harrison's Landing and distant from City Point ten miles, August 29, 1864. The

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men killed, 2 officers and 6 men wounded, and 2 officers and 27 men captured or missing of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry; also 2 men killed, 1 man wounded, and 13 men captured or missing of the citizen herders.

---------------

