
soon driven in, and I formed them on my right, where they did good service. I soon saw the enemy advancing through the woods. I immediately ordered my regiment to rise up, which they did, and at the command delivered a well-directed volley, which effectually cleared our front of rebels. Howeverl, I caused my men to continue firing, as the woods but a short distance in front afforded good shelter in which they might form in sufficient force to drive me back and thus open the road. In a few minutes I observed the regiment on my right break and run to the rear, and immediately the enemy advanced on my right flank. I was about making preparations to receive him when I received orders from General Miles to withdraw my regiment on the road, which I did, bringing off my wounded. Marched with the brigade to the rear and went into position on the right of the Tenth Corps; bivouacked. August 17, no movement. August 18, at 10 a.m. moved to a point on the New Market road a little to the right of the position occupied August 14. About 5 p.m. moved to the extreme right and went into position west of the road; remained until 11 p.m., at which time moved back to our position on New Market road and built breast-works during the night. August 19, no movement. August 20, about 5 p.m., left the brigade, marched to pontoon bridge and crossed to south side of James River. Rejoined the brigade about 12 p.m. and marched southward, crossed the Appomattox and bivouacked near our old camp at 11 a.m. August 21.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. SCOTT,

Major, Commanding Sixty-first New York Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM McALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FIRST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,

[December 10, 1864.]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of movements of this command during the 9th and 10th instant:

Broke camp on the morning of the 9th at 6 a.m., marched, leading the brigade, toward the left flank and rear, passed through the works, and pursued our march on the Vaughan road to a point about four miles out, when I was ordered to form line at right angles, and to the right of the road. Remained here about half an hour, when distinct firing was heard in our front. Shortly after, Brevet Brigadier-General Macy personally directed me to move down the road at a double quick; did so for about 500 yards; came to a stream (Hatcher's Run). This stream was filled at the time with men of the Second New York Artillery and some cavalry. As I was unable to make a crossing I tried to ford, but found it impossible to do so. General Macy then directed me to try and cross below. I got one company across, Lieutenant G. Joyce leading, but not until the men were completely wet through the water being over their heads and at times completely submerging them. General Miles then directed me to form the remainder of my regiment on the crest of the hill to the left of the road. I did so. All this under a heavy musketry fire. By this time I had proceeded about 500 yards down the creek, and there discovered a dam. Reporting this to Generals Miles and Macy, I was then ordered to send my men at the double-quick across it to the op-

