
posite bank, and also to take and hold the earth-works there. This I did. Shortly afterward General Macy directed me to send a company down the stream to find and hold a work covering a ford close by a mill. This I also did, Captain H. C. Williams having command of the company. He soon reported that at a distance of about one-quarter of a mile below the dam he had found a mill and ford, covered by a small work, and had succeeded in holding it. Here he was fired upon. At 4 p.m., still holding these two parts of the creek, I was ordered to send a sufficient number of men to the right and relieve the Second New York Artillery. I did so, thus covering their crossing and occupying works at these points. Threw out pickets and remained all night, and until 12 m. of the 10th instant. I was then ordered to reduce my command on that side of the river to about fifty men, sending back to the opposite bank the remainder of my regiment for bivouac. I did as directed, holding also these crossings or bridge-ways and the dam. About 3 p.m. on the 10th instant the enemy advanced on my right, coming down the Vaughan road, and also driving the cavalry in my front. I then advanced two companies as skirmishers to aid the cavalry, commanded by Lieutenants Phillips and Malcolm. They fought well, losing 17 men and capturing 15 or 16 prisoners. I was then ordered to withdraw my regiment. I did so as soon as I could get my men in hand to cross the run, but not until the cavalry had all passed over. The enemy advancing a strong line of battle compelled me to leave my wounded men on the field. In good order I rejoined the brigade and returned to our old camp near Fort Fisher, arriving there at 8 p.m. Annexed is a list of casualties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM McALLISTER,

Numbers 30. Reports of Colonel William Wilson, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 13-20 and December 9-10.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIRST PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: #

On the 13th of August we embarked on board transports at City Point; on the morning of the 14th arriving at Deep Bottom, on the James River, where we were engaged in throwing up breast-works, remaining there during the night of the 14th. On the 15th we marched to the right to New Market or the Central road and took up position on the right to support cavalry. We there the up works and remained in them during the night. On the morning of the 16th we were ordered on a reconnaissance to the left along with cavalry, and engaged the enemy at Strawberry Plains, returning to

---------------

*Shows a total of 13 men wounded and captured.

#For portion of report here omitted, see Vol. XL, Part I, p. 343.

---------------

18 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

