
Numbers 31. Report of Captain William A. F. Stockton, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations December 9.
HEADQUARTERS 140TH PENNSYLVANIA REGIMENT,December 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders just received I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the morning of the 9th instant our regiment took up the line of march with the rest of the brigade, and moved in the direction of Hatcher's Run. While on the Vaughan road we were ordered to deploy as skirmishers, with our center resting on the aforesaid road, and to advance until we came up with the cavalry vedettes, and then to aid them engage the enemy, and to drive them to and, if possible, beyond the creek.

The officers and men as usual complied strictly to given orders, and conducted themselves with gallantry, and great credit to themselves and the common cause.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

W. A. F. STOCKTON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain McALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.]

Numbers 32. Reports of Colonel George T. Egbert, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 14-20 and December 9-10.
HDQRS. 183rd REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,October 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

Landed about daylight Sunday, August 14, 1864. Advanced and took position about one mile and a half from the river, where we lay until about 4 p.m. of the 15th. Moved to the right and lay in support of a section of a battery; had one man wounded. About 5 p.m. had orders to charge battery of the enemy; order afterward countermanded. After night threw up a line of works and remained until morning, when we moved back a short distance and remained until about 11 a.m. We then moved with the brigade to Stony Hill, threw up works and occupied the position until next morning. Marched out Charles City road toward White's Tavern in support of the Second Cavalry Division. About noon the regiment, deployed as skirmishers, advanced; met the enemy in force. After a short engagement the regiment fell back to the brigade, which engaged the enemy, and were compelled to retire on account of superior numbers. Casualties were, 1 enlisted man killed, 10 enlisted men wounded, 2 commissioned officers and 46 enlisted men missing. Marched back and joined division same day and remained with it without being further engaged. Recrossed the river on the night of the 20th.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

GEO. T. EGBERT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain CALDWELL.]

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Vol. XL, Part I, p. 346.

---------------

