HEADQUARTERS 183rd PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,December 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers in the late movement:

The regiment moved with the brigade on the morning of December 9, and formed line of battle in a field near [Hatcher's] Run. The regiment did not take part in the charge and capture of the works across the run, but sent out 118 men on picket duty to guard the left flank. The right of my line, connecting with One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, remained during the night and next day until about 2 p.m., when the enemy charged upon the works captured the day previous. By order of the brevet brigadier-general commanding brigade, the picket-line was withdrawn and the regiment moved back with the brigade without having been engaged or meeting with any casualties.

Very respectfully,

GEO. T. EGBERT,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain McALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.]

Numbers 33. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph M. Murphy, Seventh New York Heavy Artillery, Fourth Brigade, of operations August 12-25.
HDQRS. SEVENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER ARTILLERY,In the Field, near Petersburg, Va., October 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:*

From August 12 to August 20, 1864:

Left camp near Petersburg August 12 at 2 p.m. Halted for the night at 6 p.m. near City Point, and there remained until noon the next day, when the regiment left for City Point and embarked on transports and anchored off City Point, remaining there until the morning of the 14th, when the regiment was taken to Deep Bottom, arriving there are 1 p.m. Immediately marched to the front, and advanced in line of battle to an open field, remaining there until 9 p.m., when it fell back to the woods, and there camped for two days. On the 16th moved to the right with the Fourth Brigade to the support of the Tenth Corps. The regiment then did picket duty for two days and then returned to the left, remaining there till the evening of the 20th, when it marched to the front of Petersburg, arriving at its old camp at 8 a.m. on the morning of the 21st. Casualties, 6 killed, 14 wounded, 3 missing.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. MURPHY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Seventh New York, Artillery, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. WENDEL MUFFLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Vol. XL, Part I,p. 365.

---------------

