
Report of operations of the Seventh New York Heavy Artillery from August 21 to August 25, 1864:

About 10 a.m. on the 21st instant, after a brief rest on its return from Deep Bottom, the regiment marched toward the left and finally halted by the line of the Weldon railroad. 22d, the whole regiment was detailed to tear up the track, pile up the ties and burn them. 23rd and 24th, the work of destroying the railroad continued during both these days. 25th, about 10 a.m. the regiment was marched into a piece of pine woods to support the skirmish line threatened by the enemy's cavalry. At 12 o'clock was marched to Reams' Station and placed in the breast-works just to the left of the station. Shortly after the enemy appeared and charged immediately upon our front. This attempt to reach our breast-works was three times repeated and each time repulsed. On the fourth charge of the enemy the right of our brigade gave way and the enemy, swarming over the breast-works, drove our men from the pit. The artillerymen belonging to the battery placed on our right being most of them disabled, our men served the pieces until the ammunition was expended, as they did also one of the pieces of the battery in position on the hill in the second line of works.

J. M. MURPHY,

Major Seventh New York Heavy Artillery, Commanding.

Numbers 34. Reports of Captain Horatio N. Hunt, Sixty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations August 13-20 and 22-26.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Before Petersburg, Va, September 27, 1864.

I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of operations of this command from the 13th to the 20th day of August, 1864, with list of casualties:

The regiment took transports at City Point, Va, on the 13th, and at 10 p.m. sailed for Deep Bottom; disembarked at 5 a.m. on the 14th, and at 2 p.m. marched to the front under fire; remained in position until nearly midnight, when the regiment fell back a quarter of a mile and camped for the night. Weather rainy and disagreeable. On the 15th regiment moved farther to the rear and remained throughout the day; picket detail called for at night. At 2 p.m. of the 16th marched to the support of the Tenth Corps; threw up a line of works, and at midnight marched to the left of our line and rested. Captain James J. Messervey was killed on picket by a shell. By his death the regiment lost one of its best and bravest officers. On the 17th we lay in support of the Tenth Corps. On the 18th we changed position to the right, and at 10 p.m. we moved to the left and built breast-works, the men working nearly all night. The regiment remained in rifle-pits on the 19th throughout the day; all quiet along the lines. Weather rainy and disagreeable. On the 20th, at 7 p.m., the regiment marched back across the James River to our old camp before Petersburg.

The following is a list of casualties: Killed, 1 commissioned officer (Captain James J. Messervey), killed while on picket duty; wounded, 1 enlisted man; missing, 2 enlisted men.

HORATIO N. HUNT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. WENDEL MUFFLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

