HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 28, 1864.

I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of this command from the morning of August 22, 1864, until the morning of the 26th:

The regiment broke camp in rear of the Fifth Corps at 9 a.m. on the 22nd instant, and took up line of march to its left. Halted at the Weldon railroad at 11 a.m. and commenced tearing up the track, burning the ties, heating and bending the rails. On the 23rd we marched with brigade to the left and continued destroying the railroad. The command arrived at Reams' Station at 5 p.m. and was placed in position on the right of the brigade line in rear of breast-works. The cavalry in our front commenced to skirmish at the same time, and at dark the fighting was quite heavy and continued far into the night. At 3 a.m., of the 24th the regiment was moved into a line of works on the left of the railroad and occupied them until 7 a.m., when we marched again to the left and supported the skirmish line. At 1 a.m. we marched still farther to the left and again commenced destroying the road. At 6 p.m. we marched back to Reams' Station and camped for the night. In the morning of the 25th the regiment was in rear of breast-works. At 12 m. it was sent on the skirmish line with orders to strengthen it at a weak point. The enemy attacked the line shortly after in heavy force and drove it in. The regiment was then formed in rear of the breast-works, and at 4 p.m. the enemy charged and were repulsed, with terrible loss, the field in front being strewn with his killed and wounded. At 6 p.m. another charge was made by the enemy in heavy force, and this time it was more successful. The troops on our right gave way and the enemy rushed through the gap thus made. The regiment, after a heroic resistance, was forced to give way. Soon after dark the regiment was formed at the breast-works and from hence marched to the Williams house.

Respectfully submitted.

H. N. HUNT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain ARNOLD R. CHACE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 35. Report of Captain Albert Gosse, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry, of operations, August 13-20.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS,October 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to send the report of operations called for from brigade headquarters from August 13 to August 20, 1864:

On the afternoon of the 13th [12th] of August we received orders to hold the men in readiness to move at any moment, and we moved off about 4 p.m., taking the City Point road. We arrived at City Point about 9 p.m. and bivouacked for the night. About noon on the 14th [13th] we moved to the Point and embarked on transports and laid at anchor below the Point until 10 p.m., when the boats got up steam and sailed up the river. At daylight of the 15th [14th] we disembarked near Deep Bottom.

