
At 11 a.m. moved by the left flank toward New Marke Hill. Skirmishing was then going on in the front. We formed line in the woods and advanced. The enemy opened with shell, wounding 5 men. We were ordered to lie down, which we did, and remained until dark. The brigade moved back. Left the Sixty-sixth New York and part of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers on picket, where we remained until the night of the 16th without further loss. We then joined the brigade. On the afternoon of the 17th we again moved to the front and formed line in a thick pine woods, and at night threw up breast-works, which we left after they were finished and moved back a short distance and staid until the 18th. Moved a short distance, formed line, and staid all night. Next morning we were moved to the forks of the two roads; staid all afternoon. Intrenched and fell back to the New Market road and threw up works, which were finished on the morning of the 20th. We remained behind the works. At night we evacuated and recrossed the river. Marched all night and arrived in the old camp on the morning of the 21st, 1864.

Very respectfully,

A. GOSSE,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-sixth New York Veteran Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. W. MUFFLY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 4th Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

Numbers 36. Report of Lieutenant Simon Pincus, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry, of operations August 22-26.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-SIXTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in compliance with orders received from Fourth Brigade headquarters, the report of operations from the 22nd to 26th:

We reached the Weldon railroad on the 22nd of August, about 4 p.m. The Third Brigade commenced tearing up the track and destroying the road. We moved toward Reams' Station and commenced to destroy the road until dark, when the regiment received orders to go on picket which was established on the left of the road. The next morning (the 23rd) the picket-line was drawn in and deployed on the other side of the road. About 2 p.m. we moved by the left flank to within about a mile of Reams' Station; there the regiment was drawn in and joined the brigade. After resting an hour the regiment was deployed along the road to keep the fires burning. About 5 p.m. we marched to the station and occupied the breast-works that night until next day. The 24th the brigade was moved outside of the works and advanced in line of battle about two miles above the station. About 10 a.m. the regiment received orders to go as picket support for the brigade. We staid until dark, when Lieutenant Root, aide on Fourth Brigade, staff drew us in and marched back to the brigade behind the works near the station, where we remained until about 3 a.m. We sent a lieutenant and five men on picket. The 25th, about 10 a.m. the regiment was ordered to throw up works, which they did

