HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS,Camp near Petersburg, Va. August 28, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular dated headquarters Fourth Brigade, August 27, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations from August 22 to August 26, 1864:

On the morning of the 22nd of August the regiment was lying in bivouac in rear of the Fifth Army Corps and on the extreme left of the line. At 12.30 o'clock on this day it was ordered, in connection with the remainder of the brigade, to move some two miles to the left, when the Weldon railroad was reached. The men remained under arms some time, when the regiment was ordered to move some distance farther to the left and put on picket, or rather as a support to the cavalry picket. The line was advanced some distance, where it remained until dark, when it was withdrawn about one mile to the rear, and again deployed as pickets, being on the extreme left of the line. Remained on picket until 2 p.m. on the 23rd, when the regiment was relieved by the Seventh New York Heavy Artillery. The regiment then rejoined the brigade and was engaged in destroying the railroad until 6 p.m., when line of battle was formed. Soon after I was ordered to the rear some distance, with three other regiments, and formed line of battle a short distance from the remainder of the brigade, where I remained until 4 a.m. on the 24th, when I was ordered to move a short distance to the left and occupy a line of earth-works which were built during the night, and remained there until about 8 a.m., when I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Broady, commanding brigade, to move left in front down the railroad. After moving about one mile formed line of battle on the edge of a wood, and in connection with the remainder of the brigade moved forward in support of the skirmish line for about one mile and a half, where we halted and formed line in a corn-field and remained until 4 p.m. when we again moved, left in front, one mile down the railroad and commenced destroying the track, working at this until dark, when, the regiment was again formed and marched back to Reams' Station and took up nearly the same position we occupied in the morning. Remained here until, 11 a.m. of the 25th, when the regiment was moved to the left without arms and ordered to construct earth-works on the extreme left of the line. After working about one hour we were ordered back to the stacks to take our arms, and then moved to the left, where we had constructed the earth-works. Soon after I was ordered to the right of the line beyond the railroad and formed in rear of Third Brigade and on the left of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers as a reserve. About 3 o'clock the enemy charged the works in our immediate front, but they were handsomely repulsed, leaving killed and wounded on the field and losing some prisoners. Soon after we moved to the right by order of Lieutenant-Colonel Broady, and formed in rear of the Sixty-ninth New York and left of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. About 5 in the evening the enemy made a second charge on the works, and the line on my right and left giving way, we were compelled to fall back about 100 yards, when the regiment reformed and went into the works on the right of the line, driving the enemy, who were flanking us, for some distance, keeping up a continual fire until dark, when I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Glenny, now commanding brigade, to move by the right flank down a road, following the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers. The regiment, in connection with the remainder of the brigade, formed line in a large

