
Numbers 39. Report of Captain John R. Weltner, One hundred and sixteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers from 22nd to 26th of August, 1864:

August 22, regiment started on march for Weldon railroad; arrived at latter place about 4 p.m. formed line of battle portion of brigade detailed as skirmishers; 5 p.m. moved to left; at night whole regiment detailed as picket. August 23, 8 a.m., advanced our line of pickets; 1 p.m. moved to the left and joined the brigade; about 3 p.m. halted, built fires to destroy rails on railroad; by behind breast-works all night; fifty men detailed as pickets. August 24, 7 a.m., moved to left about one mile and a half; regiment deployed as skirmishers; remained on the line until about 7 p.m., then joined the brigade and fell back to near Reams' Station; rested all night on left of breast-works. August 25, began to build breast-works early in the morning; 11 a.m. moved to left in corn-field and from thence to breast-works; 1 p.m. whole regiment sent on skirmish line and were repulsed by enemy; in about half an hour fell back to breast-works, which latter position we maintained until the left of the line broke, and were then compelled to fall back; about 9 p.m. started on march. August 26 arrived at or near Williams' house about 1 a.m.; remained in camp all day nothing of consequence occurring.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN R. WELTNER,

Captain, Commanding 116th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Numbers 40. Reports of Captain James H. Hamlin, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 12-25.
HEADQUARTERS 145TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 28, 1864.

ADJUTANT: I have the honor to transmit the following report of operations during the engagement of a portion of the army at Deep Bottom from August 12 to 21, inclusive:

During the 12th of August I received orders through brigade headquarters to have my command in readiness to move at once. At 4 p.m. with other regiments of the brigade, formed and, joining the division soon were on the move, and after traveling until about 8 [o'clock] bivouacked on the left of the road, near City Point, for the night. Here we remained until about 4 o'clock the following afternoon and embarked on a transport which moved downstream a short distance and anchored until about 10 o'clock. Started up and landed at Deep Bottom at daylight the 14th. The brigade remained near the river until noon, when they advanced to support the skirmish line on the right. While getting in position the enemy enfiladed our lines with shell, killing and wounding several of the regiment. During the afternoon one man was killed and several wounded by the enemy's sharpshooters. After dark

