
we moved back a few rods and formed in line and remained until the morning of 15th. Moved back on reserve until about noon the 16th. Ordered to the right in support of the Tenth Corps, where we remained until the evening of the 18th. The lines were attacked and we maneuvered around some and fell back some distance and assisted in building breast-works, which we occupied the two following days. On the 20th a portion of the regiment was detailed for picket. In the evening we received orders for another movement, which was commenced shortly after dark, and after traveling all night, crossing the Appomattox and James Rivers, arrived in front of Petersburg about sunrise of the 21st and were ordered into camp on the ground previously occupied.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. H. HAMLIN,

Captain, Commanding 145th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, FOURTH BRIGADE,
HEADQUARTERS 145TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in accordance with circular, that on the 22nd we moved to the Weldon railroad and were thrown, out as skirmishers, and in a short time were relieved by the Third Brigade and rejoined our brigade and during the night supported the picket-line, and on the 23rd moved down to Reams' Station. Remained in breast-works during the night, and on 24th supported the skirmish line until near noon. Reported to Colonel Spear of cavalry and went out as scouts. Advanced about a mile and returned to brigade, and in evening fell back to station and lay in breast-works until about 10 o'clock. The 25th moved to left in support of skirmish line, and about noon moved back to rifle-pits and remained there, repulsing the enemy's first charge, and about 5 p.m. were flanked by them and compelled to fall back or be captured. We lost considerably there, besides quite a number on the skirmish line on the left. We then occupied the works on the left until dark, when we fell back and formed with the brigade in an open field, then marched back to the Williams house and bivouacked for the night.

JAS. H. HAMLIN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, FOURTH BRIGADE,

Numbers 41. Report of Captain Alfred A. Rhinehart, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 13-20.
HEADQUARTERS 148TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with existing orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment August 13 to 20, inclusive:

The regiment embarked with a portion of the Seventh New York Heavy Artillery, during the afternoon of the 13th, and according to the general plan was carried downstream some distance. When the

