
transports carrying the corps moved upstream the one upon which the regiment had embarked was found to be aground, and was not got off until about 9 a.m. on the 14th instant. The command was then carried up the James and landed on its north bank, opposite Jones' Neck. After rejoining the brigade the command immediately advanced to the front and took up position in rear of and supporting a portion of the Second Division, Second Army Corps. While on this line the regiment was subject to a raking fire from the enemy's artillery. Late in the evening the regiment was put upon the picket-line in front of this position and was not relieved until the morning of the 16th. About noon of the 16th the command moved to the right to the support of the Tenth Corps. The regiment was almost immediately afterward put upon picket. On the morning of the 18th the regiment was detached from the brigade and sent to the right to hold a road upon which the enemy threatened to advance. In the evening of the same day the command moved down on the New Market road toward, the left, and immediately on the right of the Second Division, and constructed breast-works, which were quietly occupied until the evening of the 20th, when the command recrossed the James River.

The casualties of this movement were as follows: August 14, 3 enlisted men killed, 14 wounded; August 15, 1 enlisted man killed, 4 wounded; August 16, 2 enlisted men wounded.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED A. RHINEHART,

Captain, 148th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. WENDEL MUFFLY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 4th Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

Numbers 42. Report of Captain James F. Weaver, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 22-27.
HEADQUARTERS 148TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with existing orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers from the 22nd instant to the 27th instant, inclusive:

On the 22nd the regiment moved with the brigade to and occupied the Weldon railroad, on the left of the Fifth Corps. During the afternoon of that day my command was engaged with its brigade in tearing up and destroying the road. This destruction of the road was continued on the 23rd. At sundown of that day the regiment deployed as skirmishers in front of the brigade, immediately on the north side of Reams' Station, supporting and advanced line of infantry skirmishers and the cavalry skirmish line, during the spirited engagement of pickets on the evening of the 23rd. On the 24th the regiment, less a large picket detail which left it on the evening of the 23rd, made a reconnaissance along the railroad in the direction of Stony Creek, a distance of some three miles, and returned to the brigade at Reams' Station the same night. Throughout the forenoon of the 25th my command lay

