
quietly in the entrenchments just south of the station. At 12 m. I moved rapidly off the left and took post in line on the right of our brigade, the brigade being the extreme left of our line. Before we got fairly into position the whole command was ordered to march at double-quick to the station on the right of the line. My regiment was then put under the immediate orders of General Miles, commanding the division. Captain Sutton with his company (E) was reported to Lieutenant Black, division staff, for duty as sharpshooters. He was sent to the front and occupied a house near the picket-line. When the line was driven back he was compelled to retire as possible to save his command. The regiment was then ordered to cross the railroad and support the Third Brigade. In a few minutes I was ordered to deploy the regiment as skirmishers and advance it to drive back the rebel pickets and sharpshooters in front of the Fourth Brigade. This was done, and the regiment advanced a considerable distance under the enemy's severe fire. The enemy's pickets were driven back until the regiment came upon their line of battle and was compelled to retire behind our works. A few moments afterward the enemy charged our line. The regiment was engaged in their repulse. A half hour later the regiment was ordered to the right of the Third Brigade, where they were engaged during the terrible hand-to-hand fight which ensued. The enemy advanced, notwithstanding the galling fire they received, up to the works, and mounting the entrenchments were met by the command. The men in many instances knocked their assailants down with the butts of their guns, and only retired when the right and left flanks were completely overpowered and the enemy not only had possession of the works but occupied the railroad. The command fell back beyond the church at this point and reformed. During the day the regiment lost 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men killed, 19 enlisted men wounded, and 42 enlisted men missing. During the night fell back to the Williams house; remained there during the day, and on the 27th moved to the right and went into camp, where the regiment is at the present time.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. F. WEAVER,

Captain, 148th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. R. CHACE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 4th Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

Numbers 43 Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Wilson, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Consolidated Brigade, of operations August 22-26.
HDQRS. CONSOLIDATED Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND CORPS,August 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of this brigade from August 22 up to the morning of the 26th:

On the morning of the 23rd this brigade fell in and marched down the Weldon railroad and stacked arms hear the Church road. The brigade then proceeded to tear up the track. Colonel Crandell posted pickets in his front to cover the brigade. About 4 o'clock Colonel

