
Crandell received orders to fall in his command, withdraw his pickets, and march down to Reams' Station. The brigade, led by Captain Marlin, division inspector, reached Reams' Station at dusk. At that time there was sharp skirmishing on the right-hand sid of the road. The brigade formed in the old works of the Sixth Corps, and were ready for any emergency. On the 24th Colonel Crandell received orders to move the brigade beyond Reams' Station and proceed to destroy the railroad, which was done. After destroying about 800 yards of the road the brigade was moved oppose Smart's house and set to work on the left of the Fourth New York Heavy Artillery. About 5.30 p.m. Colonel Crandell received orders to withdraw his pickets and move the brigade back to Reams' Stations and bivouac for the night. Before reaching the station Colonel Crandell received orders from General Miles to take charge of the picket-line, and was in consequence separated from his brigade during the action of the 25th. The brigade, under the command of Captain Penfield, of the One hundred and twenty-fifth New York Volunteers, was placed in the works running parallel to the railroad on the left of the First Brigade, its right resting near the gap in the works through which the railroad passes. There were no works on the railroad between the First and Third Brigades. In front of the right and center of the brigade was a belt of timber and underbrush which was slashed to the depth of about thirty feet for the purpose of forming an abatis. The works on the left of the brigade reached into an open field, there being a gap in the works of ten yards between the left of the Third and the right of the Fourth Brigades. About 1 p.m. the pickets of the First Brigade fell back in confusion over the works of the brigade, although at the time but few shots came over the works. A detail of twenty-five men was immediately deployed in front of the works to give notice of the enemy's approach. At this time Lieutenant-Colonel Broady, commanding Fourth Brigade, had assumed command of the Third Brigade, although no official notice was received at brigade headquarters of the change in brigade commanders. Colonel Broady immediately ordered Lieutenant Mitchell, aide-de-camp, Third Brigade, to deploy as skirmishers the three right regiments of the brigade, the One hundred and eleventh, the One hundred and twenty-fifth, and One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers, under command of Captain Penfield, and advance them into the woods as far as possible, connecting with the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the left and the First Brigade skirmish line on the right. The line advanced with loud cheers in accordance with orders from Colonel Broady. The One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers soon broke in pieces, leaving the left of Captain Penfield exposed. The pickets of the First Brigade also retired, leaving the line exposed on both flanks. Lieutenant Mitchell then received an order to immediately detail another picket to cover the front of the brigade, to replace the line which had fallen back. The skirmishers found a strong line in front. They captured a few of the enemy's pickets while swinging around to the left. About 2 o'clock the enemy charged in front of the works occupied by the right of the Fourth Brigade and the left of the Third, but was driven back by the determined front of both brigades. Again at 3 he attempted to charge in the same place, but getting an oblique fie on him from the left center of the brigade,he fled, leaving his dead and wounded on the field. Some of his dead were within twenty feet of our works. As the pickets of the Third Brigade had not fallen back, notice was sent to Colonel Broady that Captain

