
right of the Boydton road, and another section on the crest near the Burgess house. At the time of this formation the enemy opened a severe artillery fire upon our left flank from a battery beyond Lieutenant-Colonel Rugg's left and upon our front from a battery near a milldam about 800 yards distant. I held this position until about 1 p.m. and then threw forward my right wing (General Smyth's command) across the open field on the right of the road, driving the enemy in confusion from his entrenchments and across Hatcher's Run, and seizing the bridge-head. Some of General Smyth's skirmishers penetrated the swamp beyond the run and reached the hill beyond, but were compelled to fall back. These skirmishers were the First Delaware Veteran Volunteers, and the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers. On the extreme left of my advanced line the One hundred and sixty-fourth New York captured a gun, limber, and caisson from a battery near the bridge on Hatcher's Run. The caisson was brought off, but the gun and limber were destroyed from the the lack of drag ropes. The position being gained, General Smyth was re-enforced by Colonel Willett's brigade, which I placed on his right. At 3 p.m., having been strengthened by the Third Brigade of General Mott's division (commanded by Colonel Robert McAllister, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers), I determined to capture the enemy's position across Hatcher's Run. Colonel McAllister formed in rear and on the right flank of General Smyth's line, whose skirmishers were already at one place across the run for the second time, and had driven the enemy's skirmishers in. At this time I threw out the Tenth New York and Twelfth New Jersey as skirmishers to the right, stretching them very far out in an endeavor to connect with General Crawford, but could not connect. The skirmishers became sharply engaged, and the enemy appeared to be trying to penetrate between my line and General Mott's. At 4 p.m. I was ready to cross Hatcher's Run, and had given the order, when the enemy opened heavily upon my right and rear and advanced his main line upon mine in heavy masses. I at once ordered General Smyth to halt, and facing Colonel McAllister's command by the rear rank, baffled the enemy's attempt at flanking by flanking him. The enemy was doubled up and driven, with severe loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners. When Colonel McAllister made this charge Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Mitchell, aide-de-camp to Major-General Hancock, charged with him, and then determined to capture a heavy force which had reached the Boydton road in my rear. Lieutenant-Colonel Mitchell took the Thirty-sixth Wisconsin and charged at their head, capturing nearly the whole, with their officers and colors. I consider this brilliantly done, and that the Thirty-sixth, during the whole movement, behaved most nobly. Lieutenant-Colonel Mitchell was with me through everything. At this time I was fighting heavily on three sides, but captured entire (with the colors) the brigade spoken of which had reached my rear, recaptured two guns taken from General Mott's troops, and a rebel battery narrowly escaped. Had Colonel McAllister and additional front of but one average regiment he would have captured this battery also. Colonel McAllister arrived most opportunely, and his gallantry and the steadiness of his men rendered him and them of vital importance until the withdrawal of the troops.

Lieutenant Beck was now relieved by the Tenth Massachusetts Battery. I moved Lieutenant-Colonel Rugg's brigade to the right of the plank road and formed a partial second line on the hill crest, extending to the left of Colonel McAllister, whose left (now right) ran a short distance across the Boydton road. At about 5 p.m. the enemy made

