
The results of these operations are that my command has captured--prisoners, captured 1 and recaptured 2 guns; captured 3 colors and many commissioned officers, and, by the admission of the enemy, killed a rebel general officer. If the enemy's loss in prisoners bears the same proportion to his total loss that ours does, he has lost 2,500 men in his attack upon the Second Corps.

Recapitulation of Casualties.

Killed	 Wounded Missing.

Officers	Men.	Officers	Men	Officers	Men	Aggregate

Command.

Third Brigade	 2	 15	 3	 80	 -	 38	 138

(Smyth)

Second Brigade	 2	 6	 3	 43	 -	 39	 93

(Willett)

First Brigade	 1	 10	 -	 28	 -	 33	 72

(Rugg)

Total*	 5	 31	 6	 151	 -	 110	 303

Making with the losses of Colonel McAllister and Lieutenant Beck a grand aggregate of 532 casualties in the troops operating under my command.

I forward herewith the reports of brigade commanders.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. EGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SECOND CORPS,October 29, 1864.

Brevet Major-General MOTT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Through you I beg to thank Colonel McAllister, commanding your Third Brigade for indispensable service rendered to myself and command during the recent operations. Colonel McAllister brought up his command at a critical moment, when I was almost surrounded by a force of vast disparity of strength. The defiant bearing of the enemy showed that they regarded their combinations as undoubtedly successful, and wanting only final execution. My command had done everything possible when Colonel McAllister saved them. I can not sufficiently thank him. The recounting of the particulars of his services is unnecessary, as they are too brilliant not to have been made public ere this, but I beg that you will if consistent, commend them at large to the major-general commanding the corps,as I shall take great pleasure in doing.

Your most obedient servant,

T. W. EGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

---------------

*But see revised statement, pp. 153, 154.

---------------

