
head of the division) for our present camp, which were reached about 4 p.m. The First Minnesota and Seventh Michigan Volunteers were left on the skirmish line, as they had changed their position and could not be found when the balance of the brigade left. They remained on the field until the next morning (October 28), when they left at 9.30 o'clock and reached camp at 9 o'clock this morning (October 29). I inclose report of Captain Farwell.*

Our loss during the operations was 1 officer and 9 enlisted men killed, 34 enlisted men wounded, and 95 enlisted men missing; making a total of 1 officer and 138 enlisted men.+ The number missing will probably be reduced by the return of stragglers. The officer killed was Captain Musson, commanding One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers, a brave and able officer. The troops of the command behaved gallantly. Two colors and upward of 400 prisoners were captured, besides a color captured by a man of the Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, which was afterward taken from him.

I beg leave to mention for especial gallantry my acting staff, Captain George W. Ryerson, Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Ansel L. White, Nineteenth Maine Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp; W. Stone, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp (each of these officers had his horse shot under him while carrying orders, and my own horse was wounded while rallying one of the brigades of the Third Division); and also Capts. J. C. Farwell, First Minnesota Battalion, and George W. La Point, Seventh Michigan Volunteers, for fighting their way through the enemy's cavalry on the morning of the 28th; Sergt. Alonzo Smith,++ Company C, Seventh Michigan Volunteers, for capturing the colors of the Twenty-Sixth North Carolina (rebel) Regiment, and Sergt. Daniel J. Murphy,++ Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, for capturing the colors of the Forty-seventh North Carolina (rebel) Regiment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE P. RUGG,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. GILDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 50.

Reports of Captain Joseph W. Spaulding, Nineteenth Maine Infantry, of operations August 12-95.

HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS, August 22, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regimental in the late movement:

This regiment moved out of its camp near Petersburg at 4 p.m. August 12, and marched with the division to City Point, Va., where it bivouacked for the night. On the afternoon of the 13th embarked on U. S.transport and sailed down the river about five miles and anchored. At 10 o'clock in the evening up and sailed up the James River for Deep Botton, which was reached at daybreak of the 14th instant.

*Not found.

+But see revised statement, p.153.

++Awarded a Medal of Honor.

