
On the morning of the 25th instant the regiment advanced with the brigade down the railroad about one mile from the station, and formed line on the east side and nearly at right angles with the railroad. In the afternoon marched back and lay in support of the First Division during the first two attacks of the enemy upon that line. The regiment, together with the Nineteenth Massachusetts, was then marched to the left and took position, making connection between the Second and Third Brigades, the part of the line occupied by this regiment running nearly at right angles with the railroad. It was exposed to a most terrific enfilading fire of artillery. It participated in the charge led by Colonel Smith upon the enemy that occupied the works taken from the First Division. This charge proving unsuccessful, the regiment fell back to the works it had left and formed line upon the front side of the works facing the enemy, who were now in the rear of this line. While in this position the enemy advanced up in our old front and both flanks, when the regiment again changed front and engaged the enemy. It held its position here until the troops fell back upon both its right and left, when it was obliged to fall back to the woods, where it again formed line and remained until about 10 p.m., when it marched with the brigade back to this place.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SPAULDING,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain J. E. CURTISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 51.

Report of Major Isaac W. Starbird, Nineteenth Maine Infantry, of operations October 26-28.

HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS, October 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to present the following report of the movements of the Nineteenth Maine Regiment during the late engagement:

October 26, left bivouac near Fort Bross at 2.30 p.m.; marched to and across the Weldon railroad and bivouacked for the night at 9 p.m. On the morning of the 27th left bivouac near Weldon railroad and marching in a westerly direction found the enemy in a slightly fortified position on the west side of Hatcher's Creek. The regiment was placed in position in the second line of battle, which advancing carried the works, capturing a few prisoners. We afterward marched by the flank to [Burgess'] Mill, where a portion of the regiment was sent on picket, capturing a major belonging to the Confederate army. On leaving this place two companies were thrown out as flankers, and the march continued to and across the Boydton plank road, where we formed line of battle on the extreme left of the line, and exposed to artillery in front and rear. The line then advanced in good order, and occupied a new position on the left of the plank road in an open field exposed to a murderous fire of shot and shell, and at one time almost completely surrounded by infantry. Under these trying circumstances the regiment held the position with creditable coolness and courage. About 5 p.m. the regiment was moved to the right, supporting a portion of the Third Brigade. Soon after an attack was made on our right, when four

