
companies of the regiment were ordered to that point; seven companies remained. Thus the regiment remained until after dark, when the entire regiment joined the brigade on the plank road. We then formed a line on the plank road, throwing out pickets in front and rear. About 12 o'clock at night left the plank road and marched back to their Hatcher's Creek, where we remained until 10 a.m. October 28, at which time the regiment was ordered to occupy the works on the creek captured the previous day, holding the road until the division filed past, when it joined the column, and continued the march to near Fort Bross, at which place it arrived at 5 p.m. October 28, 1864. During the engagement the regiment lost 1 man killed, 4 men wounded, and 1 supposed taken prisoner.

Respectfully submitted.

I. W. STARBIRD,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain RYERSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Second Army Corps.

No. 52.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Edmund Rice, Nineteenth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations August 12-25.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS, In the Field,August 23, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the late movements north of the James:

Broke camp in the afternoon of the 12th instant, and took up the line of march in brigade toward City Point, which we reached at 9.30 p.m.; rested for the night. Drew rations next morning, and at 2 p.m. embarked on transport, moved out, and anchored with the rest of the fleet. Weighed anchor at 10 p.m., and arrived at Deep bottom at midnight, where we disembarked at 7 a.m. of the 14th. After a short rest moved off in brigade and occupied the ground of the fight of 26th ultimo, but were almost immediately ordered forward to the support of the First Division, which was engaging the enemy and where we were shelled by them. Lay in support of skirmishers until 4 p.m., when the regiments in its place in the brigade charged the enemy's works, which, besides being of a formidable nature, lay upon the other side of a deep ravine. We became much exposed here before the descent, having 2 killed and 4 wounded, but succeeded in occupying the enemy's advanced rifle-pits until night, when we fell back under orders, and having reformed in brigade took up a new position in rear of works, which latter we occupied next day, supporting a section of Sixth Maine Battery, which opened fire at 1.45 p.m. and continued engaged until dusk. The night of the 16th was spent in quietness. 17th, very little firing in our front all day, flags of truce going out twice. The night same as previous one. At 4 p.m. of the 18th, the right being heavily engaged, the enemy opened on us with his artillery and the men placed in readiness to receive any advance which might be made. At 9 p.m. took ground to the left at some distance, which brought us in proximity to the river, when the regiment (together with the Twentieth Massachusetts) was detailed to throw up works. This occupied the night.

