
time turned the left of our lines and came pouring in. The fire at this moment coming from three points (front, rear, and left), and the enemy's shelling being kept up with much effect, this command was withdrawn at dusk, when I re-formed my men and marched to the rear under orders, having lost 24 men wounded and missing.

Respectfully submitted.

EDMUND RICE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Lieutenant-Colonel RUGG,

Commanding First Brigade.

No. 53.

Report of Captain Isaac H. Boyd, Nineteenth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations October 24-28.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS, October 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of my command during the past three days, as follows:

The Nineteenth and Twentieth Massachusetts, respectively (which are temporarily consolidated for field purposes), left camp near Fort Bross at about 2 p.m. 26th of October, and bivouacked about a mile outside our works on the Weldon railroad that night. October 27, marched at 5.30 a.m. five or six miles and reached a small rebel work, which was carried by the division, the Nineteenth and Twentieth forming part of the second line in the assault. I then received orders from the brigade commander to deploy the Nineteenth as skirmishers, which was done, and orders were then received to advance. The regiment advanced to an old mill, where it assembled and joined the brigade. We then marched to the Boydton road, to the left of which it formed in line of battle under fire, and advanced into the woods. Moved by the right flank into the road, and then into a field to the left of the same and beyond the woods, and again formed in line of battle parallel with the woods under fire. The Twentieth was then joined to the Nineteenth, when by the orders of the brigade commander, I sent an officer and thirty men from the Nineteenth to prolong the skirmish line of the left. These men having been left on the ground did not return to the regiment until to-day. Lieutenant Schoff, in compliance with orders from the same source, was sent into the woods with twenty men to aid the Seventh Michigan in capturing prisoners. A portion of these men captured a major and several line officers, and over 40 men. Serg. Daniel J. Murphy, Company F, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, took the colors of the Forty-seventh North Carolina Regiment, and distinguished himself by bravery. At sundown the brigade moved to the other side of the road into a large field. The regiment recrossed the field under fire, and was ordered to take up position near the house on the road. There, after throwing out pickets front and rear, it remained until some time after all the troops but the Twentieth had moved to the right, and until a portion of the wounded were removed. The regiment then followed the Nineteenth Maine down the road, joining the brigade;

