
this affair many prisoners fell into the hands of the enemy. During the night of the 18th Mott's division, Second Corps, was sent to relieve a portion of the Ninth Corps, who on the 19th were sent to Warren. On this day Warren, whose position was over three miles from the left of our entrenched line on the Jerusalem plank road, was extending his pickets to connect, when, about 4 p. m., the enemy interposed in heavy masses, turning his right flank and appearing in his rear. Notwithstanding the confusion which this maneuver in a thickly wooded country produced, Warren changed front to meet the enemy, and in conjunction with the Ninth Corps, just arrived, particularly Willcox's and White's divisions, repulsed the enemy, inflicting on him severe losses, sustaining himself, however, heavy losses in prisoners, among them Brigadier-General Hayes. The 20th of August passed off quietly, but on the 21st the enemy renewed his desperate efforts to dislodge Warren by attacking him vigorously and in heavy force on his front and left flank. These attacks were all repulsed with heavy losses to the enemy, and comparatively slight on our part, Warren capturing four flags and over 400 prisoners. Brigadier-General Cutler was wounded and Colonel Dushane, a gallant officer, commanding a Maryland brigade, killed.

On the 22nd of August, Hancock having moved up to the vicinity of the Weldon railroad, Miles' division, Second corps, and Gregg's division of cavalry were sent to Reams' Station with instructions to destroy the road. On the 23rd General Hancock, with Gibbon's division, was sent to re-enforce Miles. The work of destruction was continued on the 24th; but on the 25th, the enemy appearing, Hancock concentrated his force at Reams' Station, where, late in the afternoon, he was heavily attacked by a superior force of cavalry and infantry and pressed with so much vigor that a part of his line was broken, and five pieces of artillery fell into the hands of the enemy. Upon learning the condition of affairs Willcox's division, Ninth corps, was sent to support Hancock, but did not reach the ground till the action was over. At night Hancock withdrew, the enemy leaving the ground at the same time. This terminated the efforts of the enemy to dislodge us from the Weldon railroad. A line was at once formed connecting the Jerusalem plank road with our new position and the necessary defensive works laid out and constructed.

further movement of consequence, beyond reconnaissances, was made until September 30, when orders were received from the lieutenant-general commanding to make a demonstration on the left, with a view of preventing detachments to the north side of the James, where operations were being carried on. For this purpose Major-General Warren, with two divisions of the Ninth, moved from the left toward Poplar Spring church and Peebles' farm. Gregg's division of cavalry at the same time moved farther to the left and rear. Griffin found the enemy entrenched on Peebles' farm, and attacking carried a redoubt and line of rifle-pits, taking 1 gun and about 100 prisoners. At the same time Ayres carried a small work on the Squirrel Level road. In the afternoon Parke, moving on Warren's left toward the Boydton road, was fiercely attacked by the enemy and for a time compelled to fall back, but Griffin coming to his support the enemy was checked and repulsed. Early in the day, October 1, Gregg met the enemy's cavalry and forced them back, reporting his disappearance in the afternoon.

On October 1 Mott's division, second Corps, was withdrawn from the lines and sent to re-enforce Parke, but could not reach the ground in time for operations. On this day Gregg was heavily attacked on

