
No. 56.

Report of Captain George W. Ryerson, Fifty-ninth New York Infantry, of operations August 25.
HDQRS. FIFTY-NINTH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLUNTEERS, August 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this command in the action of the 25th instant:

In the morning I was sent out on the extreme left with my regiment, as skirmishers, and remained there until ordered late in the afternoon to take position in rear of the railroad embankment on the extreme left, which place I occupied until I found that the center had been broken and that the enemy was in possession of the railroad at that place, when I withdrew my men into the woods in my rear, and from there proceeded to join the brigade. I lost 1 commissioned officer and 3 enlisted men wounded and 10 enlisted men missing as far as I can positively ascertain at this date. Twenty-seven others (enlisted men) are missing, but it is not known whether they were taken by the enemy or are still on the road straggling. If they are prisoners the total casualties will be as follows: Wounded - commissioned officers,1; enlisted men, 3; total,4. Missing - enlisted men, 37. Grand total, 41.

I have the honor to be, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. W. RYERSON,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers.

Captain J. E. CURTISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 57.

Report of Lieutenant William Ludgate, Fifty-ninth New York Infantry, of operations October 26-28.

HDQRS. FIFTY-NINTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VET. VOLS., Near Petersburg, Va., October 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the late reconnaissance to the left of our lines:

This regiment left camp on the 26th instant at 2 p.m., moving along the line of works in rear of the Norfolk railroad, and halted on the extreme left of our lines at about 8 p.m., where we bivouacked for the night, and took up the line of march at 3 a.m. of the 27th instant, moving in the direction of the Burgess house, near which place we arrived about 10.10 a.m., taking a position in sight and in front of the house above-named, when we were observed by the enemy, who fired a few shells without doing any damage. After lying in the position as stated above for three-quarters of on hour we advanced in line of battle to a position just vacated by a portion of the Second Brigade, when we received a vigorous shelling, losing 1 killed and 4 wounded. Held this position until dusk, when we fell back and moved out on the Blackwater road, where we staid until 2 p.m. of the 28th instant, when we moved toward the rear through woods and took a position on a hill

