
about four miles from the place we left, which position was vacated about 11 a.m. and marched back to the position now occupied, arriving about 3 p.m.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. LUDGATE,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Fifty-ninth Regiment New York Vet. Vols.

Captain GEORGE W. RYERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigadier, Second Div.

No. 58.

Report of Captain William S. Burt, One hundred and fifty-second New York Infantry, of operations August 12-21.
HDQRS.152nd REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Near Petersburg, Va., August 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of this date, I have the honor to report as follows in relation to the part taken by this command in the recent operations north of the James (between the 10th and 20th of August, 1864):

The One hundred and fifty-second Regiment New York Volunteers broke camp at 4 p.m. August 12, and marched to City Point, where we arrived at 9 p.m. the same day. August 13, embarked on steam transported Columbia at 3 p.m., and anchored about two miles below City Point, until 10 p.m., when we started for Deept Bottom, arriving about midnight. August 14, debarked at 9 a.m. At 5 p.m. charged rebel works and were repulsed with loss of 2 officers and 8 men wounded, and 16 men missing. No other prominent part was taken by this command. On Saturday, August 20, at dark, started on our return to Petersburg; marched all night and reached our old camp at 8 a.m. August 21, 1864.

Very respectfully,WM. S. BURT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. E. CURTISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 59.

Report of Major Timothy O'Brien, One hundred and fifty-second New York Infantry, of operations August 25.

HEADQUARTERS 152nd NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Near Petersburg, Va., August 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following operations of this command in the engagement at Raems' Station, Va., on the 25th day of August:

During the first and second charges of the enemy the regiment was in line with the brigade in support of the First Division, occupying a position behind an embankment on the east side of the Weldon railroad. After the second charge of the enemy the regiment moved with

