
the brigade to the left to support the Third Brigade of this division, Soon after the regiment was detached from the brigade and ordered to report to General Miles to support the skirmish line of the First Division. In obedience to said orders, under the direction of an aide of General Miles' staff, the regiment took a position on the west side of the railroad near the white house. Soon after a charge was made by the enemy and captured a portion of the works on our left. The regiment then changed front forward on tenth company and took a position to enfilade that portion of our works then occupied by the enemy, and held that position, keeping up a brisk fire until the enemy got possession of the works in our rear, which had been previously held by a portion of the First Division. Upon the works being recaptured by our troops the regiment, with a portion of other regiments, rallied and took up its former position by the house. There it remained until dark, when it retired to the works in our rear and was ordered to report to the brigade.

Very respectfully,

T. O'BRIEN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. E. CURTISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 60.

Report of Lieutenant Charles H. Dygert, One hundred and fifty-second New York Infantry, of operations October 26-28.

HDQRS.152nd REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, October 29, 1864.

I have the honor to report that this command broke camp on the afternoon of October 26, and marched some seven miles to a point across the Weldon railroad, which point we reached about 10 p.m. and bivouacked. At 3 a.m. [27th] the march was resumed. We went down the Weldon road about two miles, where we turned to the right. After marching a short distance, and soon after daybreak, we were formed in line of battle and advanced in rear of Third Brigade, passed over a line of works, and moved by the flank to the right, where we again formed in line of battle and threw out a line of skirmishers. At this place Corpl. John Weeks, Company H, was wounded by the accidental discharge of a musket. The regiment was deployed at intervals of two paces and advanced, driving the enemy from their works. There were but few of them there, and but slight resistance made by them. we remained there about one hour, and then moved to an open field near Burgess' farm, where we again formed in line of battle. The enemy opened a battery in front, and one man of Company A, Private Charles C. Watson, was killed. The Second Brigade moved up and formed in line immediately in front and advanced in line of battle, our brigade following up. We halted on the crest of a hill remained there about one-half hour, when we moved by the flank up the Boydton road and formed in line on the left of the Burgess house. While there the enemy opened a battery on the left, and kept up incessant shelling for about half an hour. We then moved double-quick to the right of the Burgess house, where we formed in line in front of a battery, and under a severe shelling from both front and left flank. While in that

