
position Captain Willard A. Musson was instantly killed by a shell. We remained in this position till sunset, when we tore down and old barn, using the boards for making breast-works, which we rested behind until 9 p.m. While here Private Chauncey Kelsey, Company C, was killed by a musket-ball. We then moved about half a mile to the rear and formed in line of battle on the right of the Boydton road. About mid-night we moved to a point near where the first line of works was taken by the Third Brigade, and halted till daylight [28th], when we again formed in line of battle and remained until noon. From that place we returned to the encampment which we at present occupy.

Very respectfully,

C. H. DYGERT,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GILDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 61.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Kleckner, One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 26-28.
HDQRS.184TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, October 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of this regiment since the 26th instant:

Breaking camp on the afternoon of the 26th instant, we marched in connection with the brigade, bivouacking late same night a mile or two beyond the Gurley house. Resumed the march about 4 a.m. next morning (27th instant). Came in contact with the enemy at noon, and during the engagement which followed were merely engaged in shifting position, losing 6 men killed, 10 wounded; missing, as yet uncertain, as they are coming in at intervals, the last report being 35. Withdrawing at 1 or 2 a.m. on the 28th instant, we returned to present camp, arriving at 5 p.m. or thereabouts.

Very respectfully,CHAS. KLECKNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain RYERSON,]

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 62.

Report of Captain Austin Cannon, Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations August 14-20.

Report of the operations of Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers from August 14 to 21, 1864:

Landed on north bank of James River at 7 a.m. of 14th instant; moved out on the New Market road four or five miles. It was a very warm day and the men suffered considerably from the heat. Several were entirely overcome by it. About 4 p.m. moved to the right on the Charles City road a little over a mile, when the brigade was massed,

