
the Thirty-sixth in the second line, and moved to the edge of a piece of woods. The First Division was lying in line of battle in a corn-field. In passing over it my lines got somewhat mixed up. After forming the lines again, we moved forward on the double-quick. The right of the regiment went over the hill to a ravine at the bottom; the center stopped on the crest; the left coming in contact with a house oblique to the left, but was ordered to fall back. The center and right were under a brisk fire till 7.30 p.m., when we fell back to the rear about a mile. At 11 p.m. moved back to the front in a piece of woods and bivouacked for the night. I lost in the engagement 1 officer and 2 men killed; 2 officers and 14 men wounded, and 1 man missing. We remained camped in the woods till 12 m. of the 16th, when we moved out and formed a line of battle along the edge of an open field about 1,500 yards from the enemy's works. We were shelled a little. I had 4 men wounded. On 17th had 3 men wounded and 2 on the 18th. The regiment had a very exposed position. On the night of 18th moved to the left and rear and occupied an old line of breast-works till the night of the 20th, when we recrossed the river. Our total loss was 1 officer and 2 men killed; 2 officers and 22 men wounded,and 1 man missing, making aggregate of 28.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN CANNON,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel RUGG,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Second Corps.

No. 63.

Report of Captain George A. Fisk, Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations October 27.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SIXTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS, October 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of the Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers during the recent battle:

Our skirmish line (sent out after the first works were captured in the morning) succeeded in driving in the enemy's pickets on our right and captured their rifle-pits near the saw-mill. After crossing the Dinwidie plank road the regiment advanced in line with the remainder of the brigade. When we halted in the open field we were under a heavy enfilading fire from the enemy's artillery on our left. The command, however, held their ground, not a man leaving the ranks. When the enemy charged on the right of the road and drove our forces back to the road, we faced by the rear rank and advanced on their right flank, driving them back in confusion and capturing about 100 prisoners and 1 stand of colors. We then fell back to our former position. We lost a few wounded and prisoners. Nothing further occurred worthy of note. The men endured the fatigue of the march remarkably well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEORGE A. FISK,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain G. W. RYERSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 2nd Army Corps.

*But see revised statement, p.117.

