
No. 64.

Reports of Colonel Matthew Murphy, One hundred and eighty-second New York Infantry, (Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery), commanding Second Brigade, of operations August 12-26.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS, August 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I have the honor to report the following operations in which my command took a part on the north side of the James River:

Pursuant to orders the brigade broke camp before Petersburg about noon on the 12th of August and marched to City Point, where it arrived at midnight and remained until noon on the 13th, when the troops embarked on a transport for Deep Bottom, where they disembarked at daylight on the 14th. Took up position in line to the left and rear of --- Mill, connecting on the right with the Fourth York Heavy Artillery, and on the left with the Third Brigade of the Third Division, Second Corps. Threw up breast-works and remained in that position until dark on the 18th. On the 16th instant I sent up three regiments of my command to take a demonstration on General Birney's left, which was done with the following losses: Sixty-ninth, 3 men killed and 5 men wounded; One hundred and fifty-fifth, 3 men wounded; One hundred and seventieth, 1 man killed, 1 officer and 4 men wounded. On the 18th at dark the command moved to the left and took up position in line in rear

of --- house. Threw up breast-works and remained until dark on the 20th, when the brigade took up the line of march to Petersburg, where we arrived about 7 a.m. on the 21st.

I have the honor to inclose list of casualties which occurred in my command on the north side of the James River.*

I am, captain, yours, very respectfully,MATTHEW MURPHY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. HENRY EMBLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Second Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS, August 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular order, headquarters Second Division, Second Army Corps, August 27, 1864, I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the operations at Reams' Station between August 22 and 26 instant:

On the 22nd instant this command was bivouacked in a field to the rear of the Ninth Army Corps. Having received orders, we marched from said position toward Reams' Station, Weldon railroad, stopping for the night by the roadside, and the following day, at 3 a.m., resuming the journey, we arrived at the station and were placed in the intrenchments to the east side of the railroad. At 6.45 a.m., on the 25th instant, the brigade proceeded a short distance south of Reams' Station, left resting on the railroad, and was afterward ordered back to

*Embodied in return of casualties, p.118.

