
about 10 p.m., and joined the other troops of the command at or near division headquarters, moved over the same road upon which we had advanced, halting several hours near the works captured by the Third Brigade the morning of the 27th, and reached camp near Fort Bross about 4 p.m. of the 28th instant.

The losses of the brigade were as follows, to wit: Killed, 2 officers and 6 men; wounded, 3 officers and 43 men; missing, 39 men; total, 93.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the whole brigade, both on the march and in action, and believing that men capable of and willing to charge upon the enemy's works under a severe fire with an unwavering line, and the enthusiasm exhibited at Burgess' farm or Hatcher's Creek, are worthy to fight beneath the old flag as well as for it, I respectfully recommend and earnestly request that those regiments in this brigade heretofore deprived of the right to carry colors may at once be restored to that most important privilege, and hereafter be allowed while facing the enemy upon the field of battle at least to look, upon the stars and stripes for which they are so ready to "do or die," as they shall float side by side, with that pride and idol of a true soldier - the regimental banner.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. M. WILLETT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. GILDER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Second Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS, October 29, 1864.

SIR: Since making my report of the part taken by the Second

Brigade, Second Division, Second Army Corps, in the operations of the 27th instant, I have learned the following additional particulars, which I desire to submit as a part of such report, viz:

Captain T. J. Burke, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, reports as follows: That after the Second Brigade had occupied the hill on Burgess' farm, and the Third Brigade had united on the right, he saw the line advancing, and believing it to be the whole line he also moved forward upon the left of the Third Brigade, and entering the woods soon found himself, with ten men of his company, in rear of the enemy's works, who were hastily evacuating the same, and captured one 12-pounder gun and 1 small caisson, which, being unable to remove, they broke off the axles of the gun carriage, and threw the gun into the stream, which he called Hatcher's Creek; that they drew off the caisson and afterward reported the captured to Brigadier-General Egan, commanding Second Division, Second Corps. Captain Burke reports the gun as being marked July 12, 1864. Washington Arsenal, Richmond. I have also to report the capture and destruction of several sabers and muskets and the capture of about 40 prisoners. I beg further to state the regiments of this brigade deprived of the privilege of carrying colors, by orders, are the following: The Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, the One hundred and sixty-fourth New York State Volunteers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. M. WILLETT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant W. H. GILDER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Second Army Corps.

