
much fatigued, but in good condition, there being but very few stragglers. During the eight days the brigade conducted itself well, and all orders were obeyed with promptness and cheerfulness. Regimental commanders were attentive to duty and personally superintended whatever was assigned them to do. The conduct of the Twelfth New Jersey and Fourteenth Connecticut on the afternoon of the 17th cannot be too highly commended. The coolness and steadiness of their advance and the manner in which it was conducted show that these regiments can be relied upon under the most trying circumstances, and furnished additional proof of the courage and skill of their commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. E. PIERCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel 108th New York Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. H. EMBLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Second Army Corps.

No. 67.

Reports of Brigadier General Thomas A. Smyth, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations August 23-25 and October 25-28.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS, August 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the late operations near Reams' Station, Va.:

About 6 o'clock on the evening of the 23rd instant I received orders from the major-general commanding division, through yourself, to move my command, via the Villiams house, to the Jerusalem plank road. This order was promptly obeyed, my brigade leading the division and moving in a southerly direction on the aforementioned road a distance of about two miles, where I halted, in compliance with orders to that effect, in an open field on the right of the road and bivouacked for the night, under orders to be in readiness to move at 3.30 o'clock on the following morning. In compliance with these orders I moved the command at 3.15 o'clock on the morning of the 24th instant toward Reams' Station, on this occasion also leading the division. Reached Reams' Station, at 7 a.m. and by order of the major-general commanding took position on the immediate left of the First Division. At about 7.30 o'clock I received orders to move to the right, occupying the works evacuated by a brigade of the First Division, my right resting at Sleeper's (Tenth Massachusetts) battery and at the same time to relieve a portion of the First Division picket-line. In compliance with the order I posted my regiment in the following order from right to left: Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, Fourth Ohio Battalion, Tenth Battalion New York Volunteers, Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers, Seventh Virginia Battalion, One hundred and eight New York Volunteers, my left resting at the road running southwest from the railroad. The First Delaware Veteran Volunteers with the Second Delewere Battalion were posted on the left of the pickets of the First Brigade, connecting on their left with the pickets of the Third Brigade, First Division; the Sixty-ninth and One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers were posted as pickets on a continuation of the line of battle

