
double line the Seventh Virginia Battalion, the Fourth Ohio Battalion, and Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, commanded respectively by Captain I. B. Fisher, Captain Denniston, and Lieutenant Colonel S. A. Moore, the right wing of the Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers in echelon on the left flank of the line, and the right wing of the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers bearing well to the right and rear in protection of the right flank. This line was supported by the Sixty-ninth and One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel William Davis commanding. I advanced, driving the enemy, until my right flank reached a swamp, upon the opposite side of which the enemy was discovered in position. He opened upon me a severe fire, and as it was impossible to advance, and, furthermore, as I had discovered the enemy moving to my right in considerable force, I deemed it inadvisable to again attempt to force his position in my front. To meet the demonstration of the enemy on my right flank I deployed the Tenth Battalion New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel George F. Hopper commanding, and apprehending that the enemy was endeavoring to get position in my rear, I moved the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers and First Delaware Volunteers to the right and rear connecting with the Tenth New York on their left and covering the road to the railroad on their right.

At 2 p.m. I received orders from the major-general commanding to withdraw my command and rejoin the division. This was speedily effected in good order and without loss, notwithstanding the troops were somewhat exposed to artillery fire. By direction of the major-general commanding my command was placed in position on the left of the Second Brigade, my line following the crest of the hill through the corn-field toward the swamp. The Fourth Ohio Battalion were deployed as skirmishers in advance of the road in my front and the command immediately set at work building breat-works on the line it occupied. Before this was completed, and while the troops were yet at work, the enemy attacked and forced from their position the troops of the First Division, thus enabling him to open a severe fire in my rear, from which the command suffered to a considerable extent. At this time I was ordered by the major-general commanding division to attempt to recapture the works evacuated by the troops of the First Division. I immediately faced my command by the rear rank and ordered and advance. This was not executed with the promptness and alacrity which usually characterizes the movements of the troops of my command, for which I cannot account, unless it was owing to the peculiar position of the troops, part of them being on the reversed side of the works, or their exhausted condition after the active operations of the previous part of the day. They retired again to their former position and reformed after some difficulty. Three of my regiments, however, succeeded in retaking a portion of the works formerly occupied by the First Division, recapturing three pieces of McKnight's (Twelfth New York) battery, and occupying the works until after dark. While in the act of reforming the brigade the enemy attacked in front of my right, and turning the flank of the troops on my right forced them from the works, my command being obliged to follow. I then retired with my command to the woods in my rear and formed the brigade with the division, moving the Sixty-ninth and One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers so as to connect my right with the three regiments in the breast-works, protecting their flank during the removal of the recaptured guns. I was shortly after ordered to move to the rear, when the column started and I moved with the division to its present position.

