
In conclusion, I feel it my duty to speak of the services rendered by the regimental commanders of this brigade, as well as the gentlemen comprising my staff. If affords me pleasure to report them as performing their duty as becomes men and soldiers. It was with pain that I saw one of these last named, a noble, brave young man, and one of my most valuable officers, killed by a shot from the enemy. Captain Hawley, had been with me constantly during the time I had command of this brigade, and the services he has rendered, his worth as a gentleman and a soldier, cannot be too highly nor his loss too deeply deplored.

I have the honor to submit herewith a nominal list of casualties occurring in my command for the time covered by this report.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. SMYTH,

Colonel First Delaware Veteran Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. HENRY EMBLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Second Army Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS, October 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully submit the following report of the

part taken by my command in the late movement on the left and the engagement of the 27th instant:

In compliance with instructions I moved this brigade from its position near Fort Morton to the vicinity of Fort Bross on the night of the 25th instant. On the 26th instant my command was supplied with rations and ammunition, and at 2 p.m. moved with division to the Halifax road, near which it bivouacked for the night. The First Delaware Veteran Volunteers and One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers were here detached and posted as pickets by order of the brigadier-general commanding division. An interior guard, consisting of the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers and One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major P. S. Tinen commanding, was posted in compliance with instructions. At 3 a.m. on the 27th my command again moved, leading the division and following the Halifax road a short distance and thence south. Upon reaching the Wyatt house the Fourth Ohio Battalion and Seventh West Virginia Volunteers, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Spalter, Fourth Ohio, were sent in advance as skirmishers and advance guard, and flankers were also deployed. The column then moved on without opposition until it reached Cedar Creek, when the enemy were found in an intrenched position, and disposed to dispute the crossing. By direction of the brigadier-general commanding division I at once deployed the brigade across the road and advanced through the creek, which was more than waist deep at places, driving the enemy from their works, and capturing several prisoners. At Young's Store the command was reformed, the First Delaware Veteran Volunteers skirmishing in advance, relieving the Fourth Ohio and Seventh Virginia on this duty, and driving the enemy's skirmishers for over half a mile, when they were halted. The column was formed, after being relieved on the line by the Third Division, and followed the Second Brigade on the Armstrong Mill road, left in front. Upon reaching the plank road I was ordered to form line

*Embodied in table, p.130.

