
facing by the rear rank on the left of the wood, which I immediately did, advancing a skirmish line in my front. I was soon relieved from this position by troops of the Third Division and directed to form in line of battle on the right of the First Brigade, and in support of the Second Brigade, which advanced, and afterward was ordered to move my command by a flank into the plank road. These movements were executed under an artillery fire, which, although severe at times, did not tend to make the troops unsteady in the least degree. I received orders from the brigadier-general commanding division to move from the road into the open field on the right, which was done, a line being formed from the road to the right. I placed the Tenth New York Volunteers and Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers in echelon on the right of this line and in protection of that flank. At this time the enemy attacked on the plank road, moving up toward the battery, which was in position on the right of the road. I immediately moved the First Delaware Veteran Volunteers and One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers forward, and almost simultaneously the whole line, driving back the enemy and occupying their works on the bank of the creek. At this time the Sixty-ninth* New York Volunteers, One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York volunteers, and Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, reported to me, and were placed in position as follows: The Sixty-ninth* and One hundred and seventieth were placed in the pits on the left of the road, and the Eighth Heavy Artillery and One hundred and sixty-fourth New York on the immediate right of my brigade.

The brigadier-general commanding division directed me to endeavor to make a connection with troops who were engaged on our right, supposed to be the Fifth Corps, and I deployed the Tenth New York Volunteers from the right of my line to the right at intervals of about ten paces, but this line failed to make the desired connection. At my request the adjutant of the Tenth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant C. W. Cowtan, with six enlisted men, started from the right of that regiment to ascertain what troops were engaged in that direction, and saw a column of rebel troops moving by a flank toward our rear. This fact was immediately reported to me, and by me to the brigadier-general commanding division. I was directed by the brigadier-general commanding division to attempt to obtain on the opposite side of Hatcher's Run, by forcing a passage of the bridge at the mill-dam. Colonel McAllister's brigade, Third Division, reported to me at this time and was placed in position on the right of my line in rear of the deployed line of the Tenth New York. I advanced the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers across the run on the right of the bridge, and was preparing to charge the bridge with the One hundred and sixty-fourth New York, when an attack was made in our rear and no advance was made at this point. While this attack being made the enemy advanced in my front and were gallantly repulsed by the Eighth New York Heavy Artillery and One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers. I assembled the Tenth New York and moved them to the support of the line engaged in my rear. This disposition of the troops under my command did not materially change until after dark, but my picket-line was constantly engaged with the enemy's. At dark I received instructions to withdraw my command, following the Third Division, which I did, leaving a picket-line, which was withdrawn by a staff officer from these headquarters at 1 o'clock that night.

*Or One hundred and eighty-second.

