
My command bivouacked for the night near Amstrong's Mill, and on the 28th moved with the division to the vicinity of Fort Bross, returning to the position I now occupy on the evening of the 29th.

In conlucsion, if afford me the greatest pleasure to speak of the gallant conduct of the officers and men of my command. Without exception they behaved fell, performing their duty unflinchingly and gallantly. Lieutenant Cowtan's services deserve special mention, he volunteering a second time to ascertain the position of the rebel column referred to in this report. I have to mourn the loss of Lieutenant Colonel F. J. Spalter, Fourth Ohio Volunteers, who was killed while gallantly leading his regiment in the charge on the morning of the 27th. It is due to the officers and men of the Eighth New York Heavy Artillery and One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers to mention their unexceptionable conduct and their anxiety to perform duty. Valuable services were rendered by the gentleman of my staff, of which I desire to make mention.

I have the honor to furnish herewith a numerical list of casualties occurring in my command during the time covered by this report.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. SMYTH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain A. HENRY EMBLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

No. 68.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel A. Moore, Fourteenth Connecticut Infantry, of operations August 15, 16, and 25, and October 27.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS, August 30, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following official report of the skirmish near Deep Bottom, north of the James River, Va., on the 16th day of the present month:

About daylight on the morning of the 15th I was ordered to take my regiment and relieve a portion of the skirmish line held by the Third Division of our corps. This order could have been executed with less difficulty had it reached us before daylight, for the skirmish line was in the middle of an open plain, at the foot of a low range of hills upon which the enemy were intrenched. The line, however, was relieved with but small loss upon our part, the men being sent down in detachments of from four to six at a time. It took about two-thirds of our men to relieve the line. A reserve was formed of the remainder, which was posted in the woods in rear of the center. During the rest of the day and upon the morning of the day following constant firing was kept up by both parties, but as our men were well protected by rails which held been piled up into a slight barricade no one of them was hurt. Upon the afternoon of the 16th it was deemed advisable to attract the attention of the enemy at this point, while important movements were taking place upon another part of the line. The Fourteenth was ordered to move forward across the open plain, mentioned above, to the edge of

*Embodied in return of casualties, p.154.

