
a narrow corn-field which bordered the enemy's works. This was done in good style. The line went forward upon the double-quick, under a sharp fire of both musketry and artillery, and occupied the position assigned to it, driving in the enemy's skirmishers. The reserve was now brought up under cover of the woods to a point near the left of our line, and in this position the regiment remained until after dark, when we were relieved by another regiment. This movement was designed only to draw the attention of the enemy from other points, and in this was entirely successful. It called expressions of satisfaction, both from our brigade and division commanders, under whose immediate superintendence it was executed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General HORACE J. MORSE,

Adjutant-General State of Connecticut.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS, August 30, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following official report of the part taken by this regiment in the action of the 25th of August at Reams' Station, upon the Weldon railroad:

Upon the 24th the regiment had been employed all day in destroying the railroad track by burning the ties and bending the rails. Early upon the morning of the 25th the brigade, of which this regiment is a part, was massed in a sugar-cane field, in expectation of an attack from the enemy, who were reported to be advancing in force. At about 11 a.m., the enemy having attacked our pickets below and to the south of the station, our brigade was sent out to their support, with orders to engage the enemy, and, if possible, to find out in what force they were in that direction. Four companies of the Fourteenth were deployed as skirmishers, under, command of Captain Broatch. The remainder of the regiment advanced in line of battle parallel with the railroad in support of the skirmish line of brigade, which steadily advanced, driving the skirmishers of the enemy before it for upward of half a mile. For a portion of the time we were under a fire of both musketry and artillery. It was at this time that Captain Hawley, of Company K, was killed. Having advanced as far from our position as was considered prudent, Colonel Smyth, our brigade commander, halted the command and sent back for orders. Before these reached him, however, the sound of heavy firing almost directly in his rear decided him to march back to our position near the station, to prevent our being cut off from the main body of the corps. This was done under cover of the woods and without molestation from the enemy, excepting that a few shells were thrown at us from one of their batteries. We found the main body of the corps drawn up in order of battle in the form of two sides of a square, one of the sides west of the railroad and parallel to it, and the other side running at right angle to it and from west to east. In this form they had already successfully repelled two attacks made by the enemy. Our brigade, with one other, was ordered to throw up a breast-works running in an oblique direction across the same field in which we had been massed in the morning, to connect the ends of these two lines, thus forming an irregular triangle, in which the troops stood behind slight breastworks, facing outward. Before we could complete our slight barricade

