
of rails and earth the cavalry skirmishers in our front were driven in. At the same time a heavy artillery fire was opened upon us from our right flank and rear. This was followed by a third attack by the enemy made in heavy force upon that portion of the line directly in our rear. The troops who occupied this portion of the line, being principally heavy artillery regiments belonging to the First Division and composed to a great extent of raw recruits, broke and thus admitted the rebels into our inclosure. The Fourteenth was now faced by the rear and formed in line of battle on the reversed side of our breast-work. We were then ordered by General Gibbon, our division commander, and General Hancock in person, to charge and try and recover a portion of the lost ground. We went forward at a double-quick, exposed to heavy fire of both musketry and artillery. The left with, with the lieutenant-colonel and major, succeeded in retaking a portion of the line left by the troops which had broken. This position the held until after dark, firing all the time, when they were ordered by Colonel Smyth, the brigade commander, to withdraw, which they did, drawing off with them some of our artillery which had abandoned, and which they had seven from being captured by the enemy. The right wing, after losing heavily, both in killed and prisoners, was compelled to fall back to its original position. This they held until about dark, when the heavy fire poured into them from front, rear, and one flank forced them, in common with the rest of the division, to fall back a short distance to a better position, where they commenced throwing up a new line of breast-works. During the night, however, the corps was withdrawn to the line of defenses around Petersburg.

Our loss in this engagement was severe, being 1 captain and 4 men known to be killed; 3 captains, 1 assistant surgeon, and 14 men wounded; and 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 26 men missing. I have previously sent a nominal list of these casualties.

We carried into the fight - officers and about 150 armed men.

We drew off from the field, thereby saving them from falling into the hands of the enemy, one brass cannon and one limber belonging to McKnight's battery, and one caisson and one limber belonging to the Third New Jersey Battery.

I cannot close this report without alluding to the loss this regiment has sustained in the death of Captain William H. Hawley, of Company K, recorded above. At the time of this death he filled the office of brigade inspector, and was acting upon the staff of the colonel commanding the brigade. This responsible and difficult station he filled alike with credit to himself and his regiment, and to the satisfaction of all with whom he came in contact. His loss is deeply felt, not only in this regiment, but thought the entire brigade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MOORE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Brigadier General HORACE J. MORSE,

Adjutant-General State of Connecticut.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS, October 30, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the action of the 27th instant:

Early upon the morning of the 27th we left camp near the Vaughan house and marched in a westerly direction till about daylight, when I

