
was ordered to deploy four companies of the right as flankers to cover the brigade, which was done under command of Lieutenant William Murdock. Three companies were also so detached on the left, being under command of Major Broatch. We advanced until in sight of the rebel works; here we formed line of battle on the right of the brigade with the three remaining companies and charged across a creek and up a hill into the enemy's works, taking some prisoners. Our loss here was Major John C. Broatch wounded, 1 man killed, and 4 wounded. Sergt. Albert De Forrest, of Company A, being at the head of the flankers on the right, was the first the observe the telegraph running in rear of the enemy's works, which he promptly cut. We then reformed and marched by a road running in a northerly direction about two miles, when we were joined by the companies which had been flanking on the right under command of Lieutenant Murdock, they having been relieved by a portion of the Third Division. We again proceeded, having Companies G and K, under command of Captain F. E. Stoughton, deployed as flankers on the left, and Company B, under command of Lieutenant Russell, on the right, until near the Dinwiddie and Petersburg pike. Here we were attacked, and being joined by the companies which had been out as flankers, were deployed as skirmishers and advanced to the left about a quarter of a mile, when we were halted and remained until relieved by the cavalry. We then joined the brigade, which was advancing across an open field to the right of the road and facing the enemy's works. At this point we lay under a shell fire from the front and right flank for about an hour, when we were ordered forward to the pike and across a brook, and formed facing to the south, under cover of a bank. At this time, firing being heard on our right flank, we were ordered to file to the right, under cover of a hill, which was done on the double-quick, and the cavalry, being driven in at this point, we charged over the hill in obedience to orders and drove the enemy from their works and across a creek, the loss in this regiment being but small. The regiment occupied the works thus vacated, remaining in them till nearly 5 o'clock, when I was ordered to deploy the regiment as skirmishers in a ravine between the works then occupied by the enemy and those out of which they had been previously driven. This was done. Hearing the sound of heavy firing in our rear, I sent to the general commanding the brigade to know if I should advance the line, and received orders to fall back into the works we did, and remained in them until about 6 o'clock, when I was ordered to take the regiment from them and deploy in on the road on the left flank of the brigade. Before this could be done, however, the enemy attacked us in front. It was at this time that Lieutenant Perkins Bartholomew, commanding Company I, received the wound of which he died soon after. I at once sent a sergeant to the general commanding brigade for further orders, and was directed to hold in this attack, fell back to their works. We remained in this position until about 11 o'clock, when, pursuant to orders, we withdrew, leaving a strong picket-line in the works.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant THERON E. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

