
No. 69.

Report of Captain John T. Dent, First Delaware Infantry, of operations October 26-28.
HDQRS. FIRST DELAWARE VETERAN VOLUNTEERS, October 29, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters of this date, I have the honor to make the following report:

The regiment, commanded by Major William F. Smith, broke camp near Petersburg, Va., on the 26th instant, marched to the left about four miles, and encamped for the night. On the morning of the 27th marched about one mile and a half, and came upon the enemy. Participated in the taking of the first line of works, were then ordered out as skirmishers, drove the enemy's picket and skirmish line about three-quarters of a mile, and halted in the edge of the wood. Loss, 1 officer and 6 men wounded, and 15 men taken prisoners. Soon after the regiment was relieved by a portion of the Third Division. The commanding officer being wounded I then took command; rejoined our brigade and took a position on the right; attacked the enemy and drove them before as far as Deep Grand Run; took one line of works; captured several prisoners; remained there till 8 p.m.; were then withdrawn. Loss, 5 men wounded, 5 missing in action; total loss, 11 enlisted men wounded, 1 officer, 20 enlisted men missing in action. Reached our old camp at 5 p.m. 28th instant.

I would most respectfully state that the officers and men of my command acted bravely; I could ask no more of them.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN T. DENT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant T. E. PERSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 70.

Reports of Captain Henry F. Chew, Twelfth New Jersey Infantry, of operations August 23-26 and October 27-28.

HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, August 27, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular of this date, I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent battle at Reams' Station:

About sunset on the afternoon of Tuesday, 23rd, we left our bivouac in front of the Williams house, and in rear of Fifth Corps, where we had laid since the 21st; marched back by the said Williams' house to the Jerusalem plank road, down which we proceeded until near 9 o'clock, when we halted for the night. Next morning, 24th, at 3 o'clock, we again took up the line of march, and at or before 8 o'clock we reached Reams' Station, and were put into a position on the left of the First Division which was already there. We lay quietly here until evening, when we were moved to the right a short distance, where we lay until morning of the 25th. Soon after sunrise we were moved from the

