
breast-works out into the field just back, where we lay until near 10 o'clock, when we were moved out and down the railroad about half a mile; were deployed into line as skirmisher and moved forward in advances of us. We went forward near half a mile farther and engaged the rebel skirmishers posted along the edge of thick pine wood and behind a fence ridge. Part of the right wing swung around with the First Delaware and drove the rebels from part of their line, and in turn were driven off by them. We fell back a short distance to the crest of a hill. From here the Seventh Virginia again charged in the same place, supported by two companies from the Twelfth. Our casualties here were two men wounded. Soon after this we were withdrawn from here and returned to our former lines around Reams' Station. Were formed on the left of the line of works already built, where we hastily constructed a continuation of the works. While in this position a rebel battery opened heavily on us from rear, a fragment of a shell striking and wounding Lieutenant Colonel R.

S. Thompson. Simultaneous with this, the rebels attacked and broke the First Division. We were hastily moved out by the left flank, and, by order Captain Brownson, of the Second Corps staff, were for a short time in support of a battery that had taken position on a knoll in the rear of the former line. Soon after the same officer ordered us forward to retake the breast-works then in possession of the rebels, which we did, and these we held until after dark, when the regiment was withdrawn. During the night we marched back, and on the morning of the 26th halted near the Williams house within former lines.

The total casualties in the regiment were: 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men killed, 2 commissioned officers and 4 enlisted men wounded, First Lieutenant Frank M. Riley and 5 enlisted men missing.

H. F. CHEW,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant T. E. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, October 30, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular of this date, I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late engagement:

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 27th instant we moved from the bivouac of the night down the Weldon road a short distance, then turning to the right into a small road through the woods leading in a northwesterly direction, marched on this road until about daylight, when a few shots from the front denoted our approach to the enemy's pickets. Moved forward a short distance, then halted and formed line at right angle with the road by changing front forward on first company; advanced through thick woods and underbrush of briers to the edge on an open field, where we were halted for a short time, the enemy being found posted in a strong position across the road, having some works well defended by a slashing, and a deep ditch of water into which brush, &amp;c., had been tangled. My regiment was formed, the right resting on the road, the First Delaware Veteran Volunteers on my left. The command "forward" was given about 6.30 a.m. We advanced slowly until the enemy opened on us, when, at a double-quick, we carried

