
the works handsomely, capturing some prisoners. I claim that my colors, carried by Sergt. Ellwood Griscom, were the first to cross the rebel works. Advanced some distance beyond, and was halted, the First Delaware being in the advance as skirmishers. Shortly afterward were relieved by the Third Division, Second Army Corps, and by another road took a more northerly course, still through thick woods, marching some four or more miles, when we came to another open field, across which we formed a line of battle, rear rank in front, to left of road. Two companies, C and K, under charge of Captain Slater, were sent out as skirmishers, some cavalry appearing in front, but which proved to be part of our own force. Soon after formed line, right in front, on the other side of the road, advancing through a piece of wood into the open field. From here we moved by the right flank onto a road running north and south, up which we advanced a short distance and then crossed the field to the right at a double-quick, under a heavy artillery fire from a rebel battery posted to the left of the road, taking a position along a ravine in line at right angle to the road. Soon after I received orders to deploy my regiment in one rank to the right, connecting with the left of the Tenth New York, which was similarly deployed. In this position I was facing northward. Shortly afterward a rebel force appeared in the swamp directly in my rear, causing me to about face but still holding the same line. Their skirmishers engaged my right (now my left) and center slightly, making a more formidable demonstrating on my left (now the right). I however held the line. Corpl. Charles H. Letts, Company B, captured a rebel first lieutenant. While here I lost in killed 3 enlisted men; wounded, 7 enlisted men; 1 captain missing.

About 1 o'clock on the morning of the 28th instant I withdrew my regiment, and, with the rest of the pickets, joined the brigade, which had marched back earlier in the night. My entire loss was 3 enlisted men killed, 10 wounded, and 12 missing; 1 commissioned officer missing. Very many of my men were new recruits, and this either first time under fire, but owing to the efficiency of my officers, commissioned and non-commissioned, they behaved well.

Respectfully,

H. F. CHEW,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant T. E. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 71.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George F. Hopper, Tenth New York Infantry, of operations October 27.

HEADQUARTERS TENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, October 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by this command in action of the 27th instant:

We started from bivouac, near Weldon railroad, 3 a.m.; marched cautiously about three hours, skirmishers and flankers out. Reached Cedar Creek, near mill-dam, where the enemy's cavalry was discovered intrenched. My command was upon the first line, left resting upon the road. After some delay an advance was ordered. We forded the

