
stream under a brisk fire, advanced through obstructions, and carried out part of the rebel line, capturing and sending to the rear 8 or 10 prisoners. Reformed here and marched cautiously through a wilderness of pine and oak to a point upon the Petersburg plank road and about one mile and half from the South Side Railroad, where skirmishing was going on with rebel cavalry. 2 p.m., formed line alongside of woods under a heavy fire of artillery, and shortly after deployed command as skirmishers upon the right of the line, my right resting as near as possible to a road upon which a column of the enemy were moving. Soon after an attack was made on our right and rear, when we were relieved from this position and formed line of battle near the edge of woods, where we remained until ordered by brigade commander to join the balance of brigade upon the road. Took up line of march toward rear.

The entire loss in my command was 4 enlisted men wounded and 4 taken prisoners.

Although composed almost entirely of recruits, the command behaved exceedingly well, and no fault can be found with officers or men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. HOPPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant T. E. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 72.

Report of Lieutenant Andrew Boyd, One hundred and eighth New York Infantry, of operations October 26-28.
HEADQUARTERS 108TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, October 29, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders, I respectfully report that this command broke camp near the Norfolk railroad at 3 p.m. of the 26th instant and marched until about 7 p.m., when a halt was made near the Weldon railroad. At 3 a.m. on the 27th the march was continued until 8 a.m., when, the enemy being encountered at Cedar Creek, the command was formed in line of battle and charged through a deep ravine and across the creek, routing the enemy's skirmish line, composed of dismounted cavalry. About 10 a.m. the command was ordered to the Petersburg and Boydton plank road, along which it moved to Stony Creek, where, at about 3 p.m., it was ordered to charge and take the works in its front, which was done under a severe artillery and musketry fire, in which 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men were wounded. The command remained in the captured works under a severe fire from the enemy until about 10 p.m., when it was relieved and joined the brigade and returned to camp near the Norfolk railroad, which was reached at 4 p.m. on the 28th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,ANDREW BOYD,

Lieutenant, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant T. E. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

