
position until relieved by Captain Embler, between the hours of 1 and 2 o'clock at night, when we moved forward and rejoined our brigade at Hatcher's Run. I would also report that during our skirmishing in the morning we came across a cavalry camp of the enemy and destroyed some two and a half barrels of flour, a lot of fresh beef, and about five or seven bushels of corn.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. S. TINEN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant THERON E. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 74.

Report of Captain Charles McAnally, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 27-28.

CAMP SIXTY-NINTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS, October 30, 1864.

ADJUTANT: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken in the recent engagement with the enemy by those who were under my charge:

At about 7.30 o'clock in the morning of the 27th instant Major P. S. Tinen was ordered to the left with the right wing of the regiment. I was left in charge of the left wing, which occupied a position across the road about fifty yards from Hatcher's Run. The One hundred and Sixth Battalion Pennsylvania Volunteers was on the left of the road. I was joined on the right by a portion of the Fourth Ohio, whilst the Tenth New York occupied a position about twenty paces in my front. At this time General Smyth ordered me to push forward and take the enemy's works, which were about fifteen paces beyond Hatcher's Run. As I was crossing the run the enemy gave way, and whilst I was crossing the works the First Delaware was crossing to my left. The enemy took a right oblique direction and I followed on a run. I demanded him to halt, but he reached the woods before I was able to reach him. The colors of the Tenth New York were close upon my rear. I would here mention that First Sergt. Thomas Fegan, of Company C of this regiment, was the first to cross the enemy's works with me and continued on the lead until the chase was abandoned, I being ordered by Lieutenant T. E. Parsons to form the Sixty-ninth and Ohio hundred and sixth Battalions in a corn-field to the left of the brigade and on the left of the plank road on Key's farm. He stated that the Fourth Ohio would join me. I formed as directed, my right resting on the left of the One hundred and eighth New York. After my line had been formed the captain in command of the Seventh Virginia came up and took charge of the Fourth Ohio, and formed on my left, extending his line to the rear facing a belt of woods. The Seventh Virginia was on the left of our brigade, which moved to the right and halted on the Boydton plank road. The brigade formed in a field to the left of the road, facing to the rear of our battery. We marched with the brigade by the right flank across a road which intersected with the road along which we had come up and formed in a field to the right of the Boydton plank road and to the left of a line of woods. I was then ordered by General Smyth to join the right of the skirmishers of the First Brigade. I moved along the right of the plank and halted in a ravine and went in company with a staff officer to find the situation of the

