
No. 75.

Report of Lieutenant John H. Gallager, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 26-28.
HDQRS. 106TH BATTALION PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, October 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report in compliance with circular the following operations of this battalion:

We left camp in conjunction with the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers about 2 p.m. October 26, and marched till about dusk; detailed on picket for the night. In the morning followed the division and joined the brigade in time to participate in the charge of Hatcher's Run. After the charge advanced with the brigade along the telegraph road through the woods to the Boydton road. We then formed in linen of battle on the left of brigade. We were there ordered by General Smyth to deploy as skirmishers on the right of the Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers. While lying waiting for Captain McAnally, commanding the Sixty-ninth and One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to find the Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, I was ordered by aide-de-camp from General Egan, commanding division, to cross the Boydton road and advance in line of battle. We advanced then through the woods to the open field, when we were ordered by aide-de-camp from General Egan to deploy as skirmishers and advance parallel with the Boydton road, capturing a battery forge and quartermaster and commissary stores. We then advanced under command of Captain McAnally to within 150 yards of the enemy's battery, and succeeded for a time in silencing their battery. They then advanced their infantry to drive our right, which we repulsed with the loss of 10 men in wounded and missing (7 wounded and 3 missing). We succeeded in holding the ground until ordered to leave, between 1 and 2 a.m., on the morning of the 28th, when we were withdrawn by order of Captain McAnally, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and marched direct for the saw-mill, where we joined the division, and at daylight rejoined the brigade and continued in the column to this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. H. GALLAGER,

First Lieutenant, Commanding.

Lieutenant THERON E. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 76.

Report of Captain John Fordyce, Seventh West Virginia Infantry, of operations October 27-28.

HDQRS. SEVENTH WEST VIRGINIA VOL. INFANTRY, October 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 3 a.m. 27th instant I was ordered to follow the Fourth Ohio Regiment with my command. After marching a short distance received orders to load the pieces of my regiment and to support the Fourth Ohio Regiment. About daylight received orders to advance in line of battle. Soon received orders to deploy as

