
skirmishers and move with the Fourth Ohio Regiment. We now made an attempt to carry the enemy's works with our skirmish line, but failed, as there was a deep run intervening, fallen timber forming an abatis; and as the command had already suffered considerably from killed and wounded I now posted the line under cover of trees and reported the situation to the general. Shortly a line of battle advanced and charged the works, skirmishers advancing with the line and taking position so as to protect the right flank. Soon received orders that as soon as the First Brigade came up to assemble the Fourth Ohio and Seventh Virginia Volunteers and move on the left flank. From there I was ordered to follow the rear of the column, which I did until I came to the open land, when I was ordered to move to a fence and let the men lie down. Soon was ordered to form on the right flank of the brigade, but before [we] had got into position was ordered to move to the left and follow in the rear of the line, but soon was ordered to move to the right and form nearly at right angle with the line of battle so as to protect the flank. Next was ordered to throw forward skirmishers, which I did, but immediately was ordered to call them in and move to the left; then again to the right. Forming line soon received orders to advance, which I did at double-quick, filling up the open space between the regiments that had moved forward before I received orders to advance. We now moved rapidly on the enemy, who were posted behind works, carrying them handsomely. This position we held until after night, notwithstanding the attempts made by the enemy to regain the works. From this position we withdrew and returned to the place (or near) where we had crossed Hatcher's Run in the morning. One the 28th we returned to our former camp near the Norfolk railroad.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN FORDYCE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant T. E. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 77.

Reports of Bvt. Major General Gershom Mott, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations August 12-19, September 10, October 1-5 and 24-28, and December 6-12.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, September 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the active operations of this division on the north bank of the James River from August 12 to 19, inclusive:

In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Army Corps, the division broke camp at 3 p.m. and marched to City Point, arriving at 9 p.m. The heat was excessive and the roads very dusty. Although I made frequent halts and marched very leisurely, the command suffered very much, and several cases of sunstroke were reported to me. At 12.30 p.m. of the 13th commenced to embark on board of transports, which occupied until dark, part of the wharf being used by some other troops, who were embarking to proceed to Washington. As the transports were loaded they proceeded down the river, rendezvousing near Light-House Point. At 10 p.m. the fleet started up

