
the river for Deep Bottom, arriving at 1 a.m. of the 14th. After having a wharf built, part of which a canal-boat and part trestle-work, commenced to disembark at 2 a.m. of the 14th, and finished at 8 a.m., massing the division on the bank of the river, having previously thrown some pickets well out. I immediately deployed two regiments as skirmishers to advance across Strawberry Plains to see if the enemy occupied the woods in front and old rifle-pits from which we drove him on a former expedition. We found some small posts of the enemy in the edge of the woods, but had no difficulty in driving them back to the woods and occupying the works near what is called the Tavern and Pottery, on the New Market and Malvern Hill road, followed by the First Brigade of this division, commanded by General De Trobriand. My skirmish line was again advanced, under the able command of Colonel E. R. Biles, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who had already led the advance, driving the enemy across the open field and woods to his main position under the protection of this main line of works. Here some considerable skirmishing and demonstration was carried on until my skirmishers reached a crest running along a corn-field between the enemy's main line and the New Market road, the left resting on an impenetrable swamp, and the right connecting with General Miles' brigade, of General Barlow's division. The Second and Third Brigades massed near the gate-posts on the New Market and Malvern Hill road. About 5 p.m. I received orders to send a brigade to report to General Barlow. The Third Brigade, Colonel McAllister commanding, was sent in accordance with said order. Was relieved, and returned to my command about daylight on the morning of the 15th instant.

On Monday, the 15th, according to instructions from headquarters Second Army Corps, I ordered the Second Brigade (Colonel Craig) to report to Major-General Birney, to form a part of his force during the operations of the day. I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the report of Colonel Pulford (who assumed command of this brigade after the wounding of Colonel Craig), and particularly to the part where he claims to have taken 3 commissioned officers and 100 privates prisoners, although I understand that there is none to his credit; also, that during the time it was absent that it was ordered to report to no less than three different general officers, and again to the order of Brigadier-General Birney, when said brigade was relieved from his command. I also relieved the picket-line of General Miles, First Division, and moved the Third and First Brigades, with the exception of the Twentieth Indiana and Fortieth New York, which were left to hold the breast-works and to protect the extreme left, to near the junction of the cross-roads in rear of the line at the intersection of the New Market and Malvern Hill road with the road connecting this with the New Market and Long Bridge road. During the day I made several demonstrations, so as to draw the enemy's attention to my front and prevent his sending re-enforcements to his left, where an attack was to be made by the Fist Division (General Barlow). At 7.45 p.m. an order was received to send a regiment under a good commander to the piece of woods nearest the bridge-head, with pickets well out on the Malvern Hill road. The Eleventh New Jersey (Lieutenant-Colonel Schoonover) was accordingly sent. On Tuesday, the 16th, I strengthened my picket-line with two more regiments before daylight, with instructions to be very watchful, and to make frequent demonstrations to prevent the enemy re-enforcing his left, while an attack was made at that point by Major-General Birney with the Tenth Corps and a brigade from each division of the Second

