
Corps. These demonstrations were made frequently during the day. At 3 p.m. I advanced the Eighth New Jersey deployed, supported buy the Eleventh Massachusetts, through the woods and into a corn-field on my right, to feel the enemy. They were received with a hot musketry and shell fire from the enemy's works. After skirmishing for some forty minutes they were withdrawn with a loss in the Eighth New Jersey of 15 killed and wounded. I made a similar demonstration on my extreme left, with the Twentieth Indiana, driving in the enemy's pickets, but was soon checked by the fire from the breast-works of infantry and artillery. Pending this, Captain Ford, ordnance officer of this division, with a detachment of the Fortieth New York, secured and brought away one 8-inch howitzer and three wagon-loads of ammunition, for which I inclose a copy of receipt. These demonstrations were materially assisted by a strong shelling of the enemy's position by Ricketts' (Pennsylvania) battery and one of the gun-boats in the river. During the day the regiment sent to the woods near the bridge-head was withdrawn. Remained quiet during the night.

August 17, at 7 a.m. received word that the brigade sent on the 15th to form part of Major-General Birney's force could be spared from his line. I immediately dispatched a staff officer to bring it back to the division, where it arrived about 11 a.m. No active operations during the day, the enemy, however, showing considerable force along the breast-works and are re-enforcing his picket-line. Thursday, the 18th, the day had been quiet along my line until about 5 p.m., when the enemy opened with artillery on my picket-line (throwing an occasional shot into the woods where the troops were massed) and at the same time making an attempt to advance his pickets. These demonstrations, twice repeated, were repulsed without difficulty, and were evidently made to keep us where we were and to create a diversion while making an attack on the extreme right. Pending this, I deployed that balance of the First Brigade near the junction of the cross-roads of the New Market, Malvern Hill, and Long Bridge roads, where the attack was the most persistent. The other two brigades were held in readiness for any emergency. At 6.30 orders were received from Major-General Hancock to immediately send a regiment to the woods near the bridge-head, with pickets well out on the Malvern Hill road. The Eleventh New Jersey was sent in accordance. Soon after orders were received from the same source to send the balance of the brigade to re-enforce and hold the position at all hazards. The Third Brigade (Colonel McAllister) immediately started and took up the position as ordered. At 8.40 p.m. received orders from corps headquarters that on being relieved I should proceed with my division to the vicinity of Petersburg and report to the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac. At 10 p.m. crossed the James River on the lower pontoon bridge. Massed on the neck waiting for my pickets. Resumed the march at 1 a.m. of the 19th. Crossed the Appomattox at 3 a.m. and reported to Major-General Humphreys at 7 a.m. There received orders to relieve the Ninth Corps in the intrenchments, which was accomplished at 11 a.m. - the right resting on the Eighteenth Corps near and across the Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad, the left connecting with the pickets of the Fifth Corps at the Strong house.

I beg respectfully to state that all my officers and men behaved in a commendable manner. My brigade commanders were active and attentive in carrying out orders, particularly Brigadier General R. de Trobriand and Colonel Robert McAllister, who deserve honorable mention as brave and efficient officers. The officers composing my staff rendered me

