
great assistance by their promptness and efficiency in carrying out my orders. Conspicuous among them were Major J. Hancock, assistant adjutant-general; Major J. William, assistant inspector-general, and Captain Braman, provost-marshal.

A nominal list of casualties has been forwarded, consisting of 1 commissioned officer and 18 enlisted men killed, 9 commissioned officers and 145 enlisted men wounded, and 2 commissioned officers and 82 enlisted men missing, making an aggregate of 257.* I regret to have to record among this list Colonel C. A. Craig, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, and Colonel D. Chaplin, First Maine Heavy Artillery,both mortally wounded and have since died.

I forward herewith brigade commanders' reports.

G. MOTT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Captain W. P. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY, September 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in accordance with a plan submitted to and approved by the major-general commanding the Second Corps to drive the enemy from their rifle-pits at the point known as the Chimneys, on the Jerusalem plank road, and to occupy said pits as my picket-line, at 12 o'clock on Friday night I had the division to take arms without any noise, so as to be ready for any emergency, while Lieutenant-Colonel Meikel, commanding the Twentieth Indiana Volunteers, and the Second U. S. Sharpshooters, massed on the hollow ground in front of our breast-works, and on the left of the redoubt, which, having no name, is called by the soldiers Fort Damnation,+ At the same time, Colonel Biles commanding, the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers had taken a position on the right of the plank road and in front of the redoubt known as Fort Hell. These movements were executed with perfect order, and so quietly that the pickets of the enemy, in spite of their proximity, did not suspect anything as going on. Instructions were given to Lieutenant-Colonel Meikel to strike at a rush with the Twentieth Indiana Volunteers the enemy's line half way between the Chimneys and the point where our main line was to connect with the old one; to double up and carry on the right all the rifle-pits up tho the plank road and establish his line there, reversing the old pits, &amp;c., while the Second U. S. Sharpshooters would perfect the connection between the captured pits and the old line, the enemy to be driven by the bayonet, and without unnecessary firing.

At 1 o'clock, the hour fixed upon, these instructions were most punctually and brilliantly carried out by Lieutenant-Colonel Meikel. The enemy, completely surprised and overpowered, offered but feeble resistance, and abandoned the line in great haste, leaving in our hands 1 lieutenant and about 100 prisoners. On the right of the plank road Colonel Biles, commanding the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was instructed to rush forward as soon as the attack should take place on the left, keeping three companies in reserve to re-enforce and assist Lieutenant-Colonel Meikel, if necessary, in carrying the pits at the Chimneys, with the balance of his command to establish a straight line of

*But see revised statement, p.119.

+Officially known as Fort Mahone.

