
up a line and intrench. The attacking column was immediately recalled. The casualties in this charge was 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men killed, 5 commissioned officer and 44 enlisted men wounded. At 5.15 I received orders to withdraw to the line of works near the Clements house and to occupy said line with pickets well out, which was done and completed at 6.30 p.m. The 3rd, 4th, and 5th I continued in the same position. Furnished large details to work at the forts building near Clements' house, Smith's house, and the Poplar Spring Church. At 2.30 p.m. I received orders to send one brigade to relieve the troops in the works between Fort Davis and Fort Alexander Hays. The Third Brigade (Colonel McAllister) was accordingly sent. At 5 p.m. the balance of the division was relieved by General Feerero's division, of the Ninth Corps, and marched to the position now occupied, arriving at 9 p.m.

The conduct of the officers and men of the division during these five days' operations was eminently satisfactory. All behaved well and carried out my orders promptly and gallantly.

Brigadier-General Pierce, U. S. Volunteers, deserves particular mention as leaving the immediate charge of the advance for his promptness and efficiency during the operations of the 2nd instant.

Annexed is a list of casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

Captain JOHN C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Corps.

List of casualties occurring during the recent operations on the left of the army from the 1st of the 5th of October, 1864.

Command.	Officers.	Men.	Officers.	Men.	Aggregate.

First Brigade	 ---	 3	 ---	 11	 14

Second Brigade	 1	 4	 5	 45	 54

Third Brigade	 ---	 5	 1	 15	 21

Total	 1	 12	 6	 70 	 89

Respectfully submitted.

G. MOTT,

Major-General by Brevet.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, November 1, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that taken by my division in the late operations on the left of the army.

At 10 p.m. on Monday, October 24, pursuant to orders from headquarters Second Corps, the garrisons of Forts Sedgwick, Davis, and Alexander Hays were relieved and my division withdrawn from the front and massed near the Southall house, where it remained until Wednesday, the 26th. At 2 p.m. I moved the head of the column and

