
marched by the way of the Widow Smith, Williams, and the Gurley houses. Passed through the breast-works at the latter, moved across the open country in front of the fortifications to the Weldon railroad, and bivouacked near the Lewis house at 5 p.m. On Thursday, the 27th, at 3.30 a.m., resumed the march, following the Second Division down the Halifax to the Church road, thence by the way of the Wyatt house and Mrs. Davis' house to the Vaughan road, down said road to near the Cummings house, where I received orders from the major-general commanding the corps to mass, while the Second Division, commanded by General Egan, drove the enemy from the ford on Hatcher's Run, which was soon accomplished and some defensive works carried. At 8 a.m. I crossed Hatcher's Run with my First Brigade (Brigadier-General De Trobriand), followed by the Second Brigade (Brigadier-General Pierce), Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Tenth Massachusetts [Battery], ambulances, &amp;c., with the Third Brigade (Colonel McAllister) in the rear. Immediately after crossing I relieved a brigade of the Second Division in the works that had been captured and there forward two regiments (the Second U. S. Sharpshooters and the Seventy-third New York Volunteers) as skirmishers to drive the enemy out of a corn-field where it was reported they were throwing up some works to delay our advance, which they had no difficulty in doing. The column them advanced through a wood road to Dabney's Mill, where the road intersected another on which the Second Division was lying. At this place the major-general commanding the corps ordered a lieutenant in command of some 150 cavalry to report to me. I gave him instructions to look well after the rear and to throw vedettes well out on all by-roads; also to drive up all stragglers. The march was continued with flankers well thrown out on both flanks and arrived at the Boydton plank road at 12.30 p.m., when I immediately relieved a brigade of the Second Division with my First Brigade, and placed it in position in a curved line facing to the left and rear, with a strong skirmish line thrown forward to the White Oak road, on the right connecting with the Second Division, and on the left with cavalry pickets. The Second Brigade massed in the open field near the junction of the roads. The Third Brigade while coming up the road was halted by orders of Major-General Meade.

At 1.30 p.m., in compliance with orders from Major-General Hancock, I sent one of my aides-de-camp, Lieutenant Moore, to the lieutenant in command of the cavalry, which had been placed under my charge, with orders to report with his cavalry to General Gregg, which order was delivered at 1.45 p.m. At 2.15 p.m. I received orders to send a brigade to make a connection between General Crawford's division of the Fifth and the Second Division of this corps. As the brigade was about to move the order was countermanded. At 2.30 I sent two regiments to the support of a section of artillery posted in the corn-field near the woods on the right of the plank road. Soon after I sent forward the balance of the brigade and the Second, commanded by Brigadier-General Pierce, to take up a position in the field and to be ready for any emergency, and to throw our pickets well into the woods to guard against any surprise in that quarter. At 3 p.m. I received orders from Major-General Hancock to send a brigade to report to Brigadier-General Egan. The Third Brigade, Colonel McAllister, was accordingly sent. For the part by this brigade I respectfully refer to the report of Colonel McAllister. I will also add that Brigadier-General Egan expressed himself highly pleased with its conduct while under his command. Although composed in a great measure of new recruits, and there being a paucity of officers, it behaved most gallantly

