
some of the men came in, and the impression got among the balance that they had been ordered to do so. A line was subsequently established by General De Trobriand and no accident arose from it. I had also ordered General Pierce to reform his brigade on the road to the right of General De Trobriand with pickets well out. I deployed the First Maine Heavy Artillery down the plank road for the purpose of keeping a connection with the Second Division. This was my position when darkness closed the fighting, the enemy having been repulsed on all sides and in every attack made upon us, with large losses in killed, wounded, and prisoners, although in much superior force, as I took prisoners from the three divisions of Hill's corps and Hampton's cavalry. I now received orders to start the ambulances, pack-mules, and the two batteries of artillery (which were out of ammunition) toward the Globe Tavern, under the escort of a good regiment (the Seventeenth Maine Volunteers was detailed for the purpose), and the I would move my division at 10 p.m.; in the meantime to send for my Third Brigade (Colonel McAllister), who reported to met at 8.30. At the hour named I commenced to withdraw, having previously sent my provost guard ahead to clear the road, which, being a narrow wood road and the night very dark, was very much blocked up by the usual appendages of an army. When near Dabney's Mill I was met by a staff officer from army headquarters, who said he had orders from the major-general commanding the army to Major-General Hancock "to have me stop after crossing Hatcher's Run."

At 1 a.m. of the 28th, having crossed said run, I massed near the Widow Smith's house until after daylight, when I sent one brigade (Brigadier-General Pierce commanding) to the Wyatt house. During the morning I received orders from corps headquarters that I would follow the Second Division (General Egan), which was now coming on the road. At 12 m. I followed this division and arrived at the Southall house at 5 p.m. and massed my Second and Third Brigades. The First Brigade was massed near the Chieves house.

In closing this report I take pleasure in stating that my division behaved well, repulsed successfully every charge, that was made upon it; that from the time of going into position all were exposed to a severe artillery fire, not only in front but from both flanks and from the rear. There has seldom been an action where there was as much individual bravery shown by both officers and men, fighting when completely surrounded and maintaining positions against fearful odds, and in some cases firing their last round of ammunition. Where so many did so well it would be invidious to particularize. Two of my brigade commanders claim to have captured flags from the enemy. As they were not sent to these headquarters I can lay no claim to but one of them, which was captured by Private W. W. Scott, Company A, First Maine Heavy Artillery, and taken from him by a sergeant of the Seventh Michigan, who was himself a prisoner of the rebels in the barn, and was delivered by my command. This sergeant has no possible claim to the capture of this flag.

Two pieces of artillery, which had fallen into the hands of the enemy, were recaptured by my command, and from 400 to 500 prisoners. The exact number is difficult to tell, for a number of them were delivered direct to the provost-marshal of the corps.

For the part taken by the batteries attached to my division I respectfully refer to the report of Major Hazard, chief of artillery of the corps, he having taken charge of them on our arrival on the field.

