
in retaliation, and nearly every building, including the Sussex court-house, for miles, was given to the flames. The division was the last of the command to cross the river, its artillery with infantry supports holding the position, and firing a few shells in the direction in which small bodies of rebels were hanging on our rear and left flank. The whole division crossed before dark and its battery held the position on the opposite bank while the pontoon bridge was being removed. The division went into camp for the night about two miles from the Hawkins Tavern, on the Jerusalem plank road, toward Petersburg, late in the evening. The weather became cold and windy in the evening.

Monday, the 12th, the division marched about daylight, and reached the vicinity of its former camp about 3 p. m.

The provost-marshal's, commissary, and quartermaster's departments were conducted during the whole movement with their usual vigor and promptness.

Officers and men of the division exerted themselves to the utmost to secure the success of the movement, and the grand old Third Division added new luster to the glory of its well-earned laurels.

Thus ended one of the most extensive, important, and successful infantry raids of the war, and one that must be very damaging to the enemy. The affair reflects great credit on all who participated in it, of which a full share certainly belongs to the Third Division of the Secould Corps. When the adventures of "this cruel war" shall be talked over, after peace shall have again blessed our land, the great raid on the Weldon railroad in the frost and snow of winter and in the very face of the most powerful army of the rebellion will very justly receive a prominent place in the narration.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. BARBER,

Chaplain Second U. S. Sharpshooters.

Brevet Major-General MOTT,

Commanding Third Division, Second Corps.

Numbers 81. Reports of Brigadier General P. Regis de Trobriand, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 12-20, October 26-28, and December 7-12.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, August 21, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the active operations of the First Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, under my command, on the north bank of the James River, from the 13th up to the 20th instant:

On Saturday, the 13th, my command having moved the day before to City Point, was embarked on board of five transports, and with the rest of the flotilla carrying the division started at 10 p. m. for Deep Bottom, where we landed on Sunday, the 14th, at daybreak. As soon as my command was massed near the bank of the river I received from General Mott, commanding division, the order to deploy two regiments forward the left across Strawberry Plains, where I had already posted a picket-line, and to see if the enemy occupied the woods in front of us and some works erected by us during a former expedition. We found some small posts of the enemy on the edge of the woods,

