
from the road. Here we remained until nearly dark the same evening, when we were ordered back three miles to General Birney's division, where we arrived soon after dark and massed in column of regiments for the night.

Our loss in this engagement was as follows:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Regiment.	Offi	Men.	Offi	Men.	Offi	Men.	Aggregate.

cers		cers		cers

1st U. S.

Sharpshoo-ters.	 ----	 1	 2	 7	 ----	 1	 11

1st Massac-husetts

Heavy	 ----	 1	 ----	 6	 ----	 ----	 7

Artillery.

84th Pennsy

lvania	 ----	 1	 1	 6	 ----	 ----	 8

Volunteers.

105th Penn-

sylvania	 ----	 ----	 ----	 6	 ----	 ----	 6

Volunteers.

57th Pennsy

lvania	 ----	 ----	 ----	 4	 ----	 ----	 4

Volunteers.

93rd New	 ----	 ----	 ----	 2	 ----	 ----	 2

York

Volunteers.

5th Michigan	 ----	 ----	 ----	 1	 ----	 ----	 1

Volunteers.

Total.	 ----	 3	 3	 32	 ----	 1	 39

Prisoners captured during the day, none.

The same evening an order was received from headquarters Second Division, Tenth Corps, to detail 800 men to relieve some colored troops in the front line and occupy the works during the night. Accordingly the Fifth Michigan, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers were selected for the purpose, the detail being commanded by Colonel John Pulford, Fifth Michigan Volunteers. On the morning of the 16th instant we were well prepared for action, which belief led the commander of the Tenth Corps to attach us to the attacking column. For this purpose we were ordered to report to General Terry, commanding division, Tenth Army Corps, for duty. We had scarcely reported when the order of attack seemed to have been changed, as the assaulting column was to be that of General Foster, which occasioned another transfer of the Second Brigade and another report. The brigade was used in this attack to protect the right flank of the assaulting column. For this purpose the First U. S. Sharpshooters and Fifth Michigan Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers on and extending back from the right flank of General Foster's division. This skirmish line was supported by a line of battle consisting of the Ninety-third New York Volunteers, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, and One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery were massed in column by division in rear of the line of battle to extend the skirmish line to the right, or to support the line of battle, as the case might be. After these dispositions had been made the front lines of the attacking columns moved forward and we conformed to their movements by marching by the left flank. We had not advanced far before the engagement commenced. The enemy's pickets were driven in and the front line confronted their rifle-pits, which were soon assaulted and carried. This advance occasioned the deployment of the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery on the right of the Fifth Michigan Volunteers as flankers. From the rifle-pits the lines again moved forward and soon became severely engaged with the enemy in their earth-works. The left of our skirmish line also became engaged. A brisk and hotly contested action ensued,

