
which, after a determined assault by our lines, resulted in the capture of their earth-works. In front of these works a ravine extended in an oblique direction from left to right, across an open field, a distance of about 250 to 300 yards. The enemy still occupied this ravine and the crest beyond. To drive them from this position the balance of this brigade was ordered up to make a charge and drive them out. Accordingly those regiments which were not on the skirmish line (Ninety-third New York, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers) were marched up by the left and formed in front of these earth-works in two lines, the second line consisting of the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. We formed on left by file into line at nearly right angles with the earth-works and parallel to the ravine which we had to charge. From this point we charged across the open field and into the ravine, driving the enemy before us. The enemy fought stubbornly and the position was hotly contested. In this advance the brigade took 3 commissioned officers and 100 enlisted men of the enemy prisoners. We held our position in the ravine for nearly an hour, until we were completely flanked, receiving a fire on both flanks and in front, and as we had no supports we were compelled to fall back to the captured earth-works, which were now occupied by troops from the Tenth Corps. In this action and after we had fallen back to the earth-works, Colonel C. A. Craig, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding brigade, was mortally wounded through the head by a musket-ball while he was in the act of giving an order about reforming his brigade. His gallantry and efficiency on the field had been remarked by all and the brigade felt severely his loss.

The losses of the brigade in this action were as follows:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.a

Regiment.	Offi	Men.	Offi	Men.	Offi	Men.	Aggre

cers		cers		cers		gate.

5th Michigan	 ----	 ----	 ----	 3	 ----	 ----	 3

57th Pennsy	 ----	 ----	 1	 10	 ----	 4	 15

lvania.

84th Pennsyl	 1	 ----	 ----	 10	 ----	 29	 40

vania.

105th Pennsy	 1	 1	 1	 17	 ----	 6	 26

lvania.

141st Pennsy	 ----	 ----	 ----	 7	 1	 5	 13

lvania.

93rd New	 ----	 4	 2	 18	 ----	 28	 52

York

1st U. S.

----	 ----	 2	 6	 ----	 ----	 8

Sharpshoo-

ters.

1st Massac-

husetts	 ----	 1	 ----	 1	 ----	 20	 22

Heavy

Artillery.

Total.	 2	 6	 6	 72	 1	 92	 179

aThe missing are supposed to have been taken prisoners.

As soon as we had fallen back to the earth-works the brigade was ordered to the rear to reform. The command now devolved on Colonel John Pulford, Fifth Michigan Volunteers, who was informed and immediately assumed command. Within three-quarters of an hour's time the brigade was reformed about 600 yards in rear of the front lines and reported to division headquarters for duty. In consideration of the last desperate charge that was made by the brigade, far beyond the advance of any other troops, of the stubborn resistance to the fire on both flanks and in front, of the final charge of the enemy on the ravine, which compelled it to fall back, and the capture of a portion of the command by the enemy, all told of the discipline of the brigade which

