
ordered the men to retire, which was done in good order. The regiment which Colonel McAllister ordered to the left is entitled to credit for the promptness in which it moved to the point designated, and opened fire upon the battery. The casualties in this charge were 5 killed, 49 wounded, and 14 missing (supposed to be wounded and left upon the field), including Lieutenant Colonel George Zinn, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, wounded, and Captain J. J. Wirsing,* Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, killed within a few yards of the works while gallantry leading on his men.

About 4.30 p. m. I received orders to withdraw my command and march it back to the position occupied in the morning, leaving the Ninety-third New York as skirmishers to be withdrawn by the division officer of the day. I marched my command back, arriving there soon after dark, and bivouacked for the night. Remained at this point until the evening of the 5th, furnishing large details for fatigue duty upon the fortifications then being built.

On the eve of the 5th marched with the division back to the Jones house, relieved the garrison in Fort Alexander Hays, and massed the balance of my brigade in rear of it, in compliance with orders from the general commanding division.

The conduct of both officers and men during these five days' operations was eminently satisfactory. It would be invidious to particularize where all behaved with such marked gallantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. PIERCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the operations of the 27th instant:

At 2 a. m. of the 27th instant my brigade moved from its position on the Halifax road, where it bivouacked the night previous. Following the First Brigade, we moved with flankers well out on the Halifax, Church, and Vaughan roads, via the Dabney Mill, to the Boydton plank road, where we arrived at about 12 o'clock. After remaining here about one hour, I received orders to send two regiments to the front to support a section of Battery C, Fifth U. S. Artillery. I at once sent the Fifth Michigan (Colonel Pulford) and the Ninety-third New York State Volunteers (Lieutenant-Colonel Butler), both under command of Colonel Pulford. They went into position in the woods and on the right of the battery, where a line was formed facing nearly at right angles with the battery, and with skirmishers well out. It was in this position that I found them when I advanced with the balance of my brigade with orders to form in line of battle on the left of the battery, where they remained about one hour under a sever artillery fire from the enemy. Hearing slight skirmishing in front of the Fifth Michigan and Ninety-third New York State Volunteers, and finding the skirmishing increasing, I ordered the First U. s. Sharpshooters to report to Colonel

---------------

*Captain Wirsing was taken prisoner and finally mustered out of service January 3, 1865.

---------------

