
Pulford, with instructions to him to place them on the right of the skirmish line, to prolong it well to the right, in order to apprise him of any movement of the enemy on that flank. They had scarcely got into position when skirmishing opening quite briskly, I placed the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in line on the right of the Fifth Michigan, and ordered a change of front of the balance of the regiments, which were lying in line in the corn-field, but before this could be executed the enemy had charged with vigor the line in the skirt of the woods with a superior force. At the first volley from the three regiments I had in line, the enemy was handsomely repulsed, and was held in check in their front, but their line being much longer than mine, they came around each flank and completely enveloped them, so much so that three regiments (Fifth Michigan, Ninety-third New York, and One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers) had to cut their way out. On seeing the enemy break through on my right I used every exertion to hurry forward a regiment (the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Tyler), then marching up from near the plank road, to charge the left of the enemy's line, but before I could get them there the enemy had broken through and cut this regiment off from the brigade. This regiment, however, opened a heavy fire upon the enemy's left, checking them at this point, which I think proved of valuable aid to the regiments on my left. The enemy, however, did not receive that check on my left, and succeeded in driving back the line in some confusion to the plank road, leaving on the field the section of battery. Colonel Pulford (Fifth Michigan) and Major Shatswell (First Massachusetts) rallied the men at the plank road, charged the enemy, drove them across the field to the woods, recaptured the artillery, and brought it off the field; after which they swung around to the left and charged simultaneously with a portion of General Egan's command, coming from the opposite direction, to the old barn in the ravine, where some 200 prisoners were captured, with 1 stand of colors. The prisoners and colors were sent to corps headquarters. At this time I received orders from General Mott (commanding division) to form my brigade on the right of the First Brigade, which had formed at right angles with the plank road. This I did, and placed two regiments on picket in the woods in my front. I remained in this position until about 11 p. m., when I received orders to withdraw my command and march it back by the road we came up. I marched the balance of the night and bivouacked about daylight near Wyatt's house. Colonel Pulford (Fifth Michigan) says in his report in relation to the recapture of artillery:

I reformed my men near the plank road, stopped the enemy, and drove the enemy back into the woods, recaptured the two pieces of artillery and brought them off the field. Here Captain Converse, of Company A, Fifth Michigan Volunteers, deserves to be specially mentioned for his gallant conduct in taking one piece of this artillery out of the hands of the enemy. My adjutant fell mortally wounded in assisting to get off the artillery.

Major N. Shatswell (First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery) says in his report:

I immediately collected together what men of my command I could find and assisted Colonel Pulford and Lieutenant-Colonel Butler (Ninety-third New York Voolunteers) to form a line on the plank road. Afterward the men of my command present, assisted by volunteers from different commands, drew off the section of artillery left on the field, which the enemy had been unable to remove. Captain Converse, of the Fifth Michigan, and Second Lieutenant R. S. Littlefield, of the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, deserve special mention for their assistance rendered me in saving this artillery.

