
Captain Peck, commanding First U. S. Sharpshooters, mentions a case of personal bravery which I consider worthy of mentioning and should be honorably rewarded. He says:

I wish to call your attention to the braver displayed by Sergt. Alonzo Woodruff and Corpl. John M. Howard. They were posted on the extreme left of the line as the enemy passed our left flank. After discharging their rifles and being unable to reload Corporal Howard ran and caught one of the enemy who seemed to be leading that part of the line. He being overpowered and receiving a severe wound through both legs, Sergeant Woodruff went to his assistance. Clubbing his rifle, had a desperate hand-to-hand encounter, but succeeded in getting Corporal Howard away, and both succeeded in making their escape.

I saw the above encounter, being but a few rods from it.

I have to regret the loss of Capts. J. C. Conser and C. E. Patton, acting field officers of the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who were killed in the fore part of the engagement. They were both brave and efficient officers. A commission of major has since arrived for Captain Conser. The One hundred and fifth lost three stand of colors with the color bearers and color guards taken prisoners. Had the commanding officer lived the result might have been different.

I would specially mention Colonel John Pulford, Fifth Michigan Volunteers, for the gallant manner in which he held his regiment to its position until it was nearly surrounded. The evidence of the good behavior of this regiment is shown in its casualties.

The conduct of my staff was satisfactory. They rendered me great assistance on the field by their exertions in rallying the troops. Captain Loyd, assistant inspector-general, was severely wounded in the fore part of the engagement.

The loss in my brigade during this engagement was 22 killed, 117 wounded, and 126 missing.* I would also state that a large number of men not the list of casualties were captured by the enemy, disarmed, and subsequently made their escape. I also submit a nominal list of casualties.

Respectfully submitted.

B. R. PIERCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, December 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the recent movements on the Weldon railroad:

I compliance with orders broke camp, which was situated about 1,200 yards in front of Fort Siebert, at daylight on the morning of the 7th instant, and took up the line of march, following the First Brigade. Marched via the Globe Tavern and Gurley house to the Jerusalem plank road; following this road, arrived at the Nottoway River about dark. Crossed the river the same evening and bivouacked for the night. The distance marched this day was about twenty miles. On the morning of the 8th resumed the march at daylight, passing through Sussex Court-House and Coman's Well, and bivouacked for the night about three miles from Jarratt's Station, on the Weldon railroad. At

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 154.

---------------

24 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

