
daylight on the morning of the 9th resumed the march down the railroad to a short distance below Jarratt's Station, where we commenced destroying the railroad. Continued marching and destroying the road until 4 p. m., when I received orders to bivouac for the night. At 6 p. m. received orders to proceed within my brigade in light marching orders to within one mile of Belfield for the purpose of destroying more of the railroad. Moved at once, accomplished the work, and returned to bivouac about 10 p. m. This march of about five miles was made in a severe storm of rain and sleet. About 8 o'clock on the morning of the 10th, having received orders that the object of the expedition had been accomplished, the return march was commenced, and we bivouacked for the night about four miles south of Sussex Court-House. Resumed the march at daylight on the morning of the 11th and arrived at the Nottoway River about 1 p. m. Remained here until about sunset, when we recrossed the river and continued the march about four miles, where we bivouacked for the night. At 7 o'clock on the morning of the 12th resumed the march and arrived at Fort Dushane, about 2 p. m., and bivouacked, in compliance with orders, about 1,500 yards in advance of the fort.

The loss from straggling, a nominal list of which is herewith attached, was as follows: 1 from the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, 11 from the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 4 from the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, 4 from the Ninety-third New York Volunteers; total 20. Most of them were recruits and straggled on the first day's march. They were undoubtedly picked up by the enemy, as they have not as yet reported to their regiments.

Officers and men suffered severely on account of the inclement weather and the distance traveled, which was nearly 100 miles. A large number became foot-sore. I saw several marching over the frozen ground in their stocking feet, their shoes having entirely given out.

I would especially mention the officers and men of the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Bvt. Brigadier General H. J. Madill commanding, and the Fifth Michigan, Lieutenant Colonel S. S. Mathews commanding, for the admirable manner in which they performed the march. On no occasion could I find a straggler from their ranks.

Respectfully submitted.

B. R. PIERCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Corps.

Numbers 84. Reports of Major Nathaniel Shatswell, First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, of operations August 15-16, September 30-October 5, and October 27.

CAMP FIRST MASSACHUSETTS HEAVY ARTILLERY, August 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular this day received, I have the honor to report as follows:

In the action of the 15th the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery occupied the right center of the line of battle, the Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania being on its right and the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

