
Volunteers on its left, the Ninety-third New York acting as support. Occupied the same position during the day. Loss in First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, 1 killed, 6 wounded. On the 16th formed in column by division as support to the main line (the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers being on my right), lay in column about an hour, and then moved to the right flank; formed in line of battle as support to the Fifth Michigan (then on the skirmish line protecting our right flank). As the main lien advanced the Fifth Michigan moved to the left and my regiment was deployed on its right. Held the same position through the day and night, losing one man wounded. No prisoners were taken by the regiment.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. SHATSWELL,

Major, Commanding First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery.

[Captain F. E. MARBLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-Genera.]
HDQRS. FIRST MASSACHUSETTS HEAVY ARTILLERY, October 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from superior headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery from September 30 to October 5, 1864:

September 30, the regiment lay at its late camp at the works in rear of the Jones house, awaiting orders to move. October 1, left camp at 12.30 p. m., took the cars at Hancock's Station, disembarked at Warren's Station, near the Yellow Tavern; marched from there past Poplar Grove Church to near the headquarters Ninth

Army Corps; camped for the night. October 2, marched with the brigade at 7 a. m.; moved to the left and in front of our line of intrenchments. The First U. S. Sharpshooters were deployed as skirmishers; my regiment was ordered to support them; formed the regiment in line of battle; advanced, found no enemy; reached the enemy's first line of intrenchments, found them abandoned; advanced again. By some misunderstanding of orders the regiments on the left halted at the first line of works, leaving our left flank exposed. At 12 m. the balance of the brigade came up and formed line of battle; my regiment connected with the Ninth Army Corps on the right; advanced to an open field near the enemy's second line of works. At 2 p. m. the regiment was moved to the right and formed in line to charge the works of the enemy; at 3 p. m. charged the enemy's works in company with three other regiments of the brigade; charged their works and were repulsed with a loss of 2 commissioned officers wounded, 2 enlisted men killed, 9 enlisted men wounded, 8 enlisted men captured. At dark fell back to position occupied in the morning. October 3 and 4, 1864, entire command engaged in building works to the left and rear. October 5, 1864, broke camp and regiment placed on picket; relieved from picket at 11 p. m., and marched back to position in line to rear of Fort Hays and bivouacked for the night.

Respectfully submitted.

N. SHATSWELL,Major, Commanding First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery.

Captain J. B. TEN EYCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

