HDQRS. FIRST MASSACHUSETTS HEAVY ARTILLERY, October 30, 1864.

Report of part taken by the First Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Heavy Artillery as a part of Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps, in the engagement near the Boydton plank road, October 27, 1864:

Arrived at the plank road at 12.30 p. m., massed in an open field on the right of the road; at 2 p. m. advanced and formed line of battle in the corn-field on the right of the road, supporting a section of Battery C, Fifth U. S. Artillery, my regiment connecting with the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers on the left. Lay in line about one hour under a heavy fire of artillery. About 3 p. m. the regiments of the brigade that had previously been formed in the woods to the right of the line was protection to that flank became engaged with a heavy force of the enemy. My regiment was ordered to move up by the right flank and form line of battle near the edge of the woods. The right of the regiment had just reached the woods when a heavy fire was opened on them and the regiments in the woods fell back, making it impossible to form the line. Fell back in disorder to the plank road and the woods ont he left of road. I immediately collected together what men of my command I could find and assisted Colonel Pulford, Fifth Michigan Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Butler, Ninety-third New York, to form a line on the plank road. Afterward the men of my command present, assisted by volunteers from different commands, drew off the section of artillery left on the field, which the enemy had been unable to remove.

Captain Converse, of the Fifth Michigan, and Second Lieutenant R. S. Littlefield, of the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, deserve special mention for their assistance rendered me in saving this artillery.

Joined the brigade and reformed the command at the rifle-pits in rear of the corn-field.

Respectfully submitted.

N. SHATSWELL,Major, Commanding First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery.

Lieutenant C. W. FORRESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 85. Report of Major Daniel S. Root, Fifth Michigan Infantry, of operations August 15-16.

HDQRS. FIFTH MICHIGAN VET. VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, August 18, 1864.

SIR: The following report of the movements of this regiment on 15th and 16th instant is respectfully submitted:

On the morning of the 15th instant this regiment moved with the brigade from its bivouac near Deep Bottom toward the right of the line, and about 11 a. m. was formed, by order of Colonel Craig, in double column fifty paces in rear of the left wing of the brigade battle line, then forming for the double purpose of supporting that portion of the line, and to protect the left flank in the proposed advance. As the brigade advanced to attack the enemy, and while driving him through

