
the right flank of the brigade. About 12 m. I received an order from the general commanding to take my regiment and the Ninety-third New York Volunteers to an advanced position to support one section of artillery, which I did, forming on the right of the guns in a very thick wood. After I had got the line of battle formed in this position I deployed three companies of the Fifth Michigan as skirmishers to the front, which orders to advance about 1,500 yards, which they did, and had not been three fifteen minutes, when the enemy's skirmishers were seen advancing, and brisk skirmishing commenced on both sides. The enemy's line of battle advanced and drove in my skirmishers, when the line of battle opened fire upon the enemy and checked him. Kept up this fire about ten minutes, when the line of battle to my right and left gave way and I was compelled to fall back. The right and left of the regiment had to cut their way out, as the enemy had got around both flanks; fell back to the road, where the regiment was formed in rear of the fence. Stopped the enemy and drove him back into the woods; recaptured the two pieces of artillery and brought them off the field. Here Captain Converse, of Company A, Fifth Michigan, deserves to be specially mentioned for his gallant conduct in taking one piece of this artillery out of the hands of the enemy. After these guns had been recaptured a part of the brigade advanced down the road to the old barn near the ravine, where there was a large number of prisoners taken, one color, and several swords. General Egan's division advanced on one side of this barn and this brigade on the other, and these prisoners were captured between the two commands and sent to corps headquarters. In trying to get off the two pieces of artillery my adjutant fell mortally wounded.

The [following] are the casualties in the regiment on the 27th instant: 9 enlisted men killed, 5 commissioned officers and 46 enlisted men wounded, and 43 enlisted men prisoners of war.

Very respectfully submitted.

JOHN PULFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. W. FORRESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 87. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin C. Butler, Ninety-third New York Infantry, of operations August 15-16 and October 27.

NINETY-THIRD REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE VOLS., August 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the circular from brigade headquarters of this date, I have the honor to report that at 10 a. m. of the 15th instant my regiment moved into the woods and to the right a distance of about three miles with the rest of the brigade. We then formed into close column by division, right in front, and followed the movements of the main line in our front during the entire day. We moved through the woods on to the Charles City Cross-Road about three miles. At 5 p. m. we moved down by the left flank for three miles, and bivouacked for the night.

On the 16th, at 7.30 a. m., we moved by the left flank about 200 yards and stacked arms. At 10 a. m. we followed the Fifth Michigan for about a mile into the woods by the right flank. We then formed into close column by division, right in front, and conformed to the move-

