
front; lay massed in an open field near the plank for some time, then advanced about fifty rods into a corn-field, where we lay in line of battle for an hour under a hot shelling from the enemy's batteries. At about 5 p. m. we were attacked on our right and rear. The enemy charged as our column was trying to change position, which threw our line into confusion, so that it was impossible to rally the men in the field; but after falling back to the woods formed line of battle and advanced, driving the enemy before us in great confusion. At this time some of our men caused about 200 of the enemy to surrender, and with a portion of the First Massachusetts Regiment brought them into our lines. At dark fell back a short distance; built a temporary breast-work of rails. Remained in this position until 10 p. m., when we marched out and returned to present position without further interruption.

Respectfully submitted.

L. D. BUMPUS,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. W. FORRESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS., October 30, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Army Corps, dated October 29, 1864, I have the honor to state that Adam Wert, private, Company K, caused about 200 of the enemy to lay down their arms, and was marching them in on the plank road when a portion of the First Massachusetts Regiment came to his assistance, and together they brought them into our lines. Also, about dark, Sergeant Slaven, of Company I, captured two of the enemy and brought them in.

Respectfully submitted.

L. D. BUMPUS,Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. W. FORRESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 91. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George Zinn, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 15-16.

HDQRS. EIGHTY-FOURTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., August 21, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to circular of the 18th instant, I have the honor to submit the following brief statement of the part taken by this regiment in the engagements north of the James River on the 15th and 16th instant:

On the morning of the 15th the regiment, in conjunction with the Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps (temporarily attached to the Tenth Army Corps), marched from the extreme right of the Tenth Corps in the direction of the Charles City road. We came up with the skirmish line of the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who had been engaging the enemy earlier in the morning, at Mrs. Craddock's house. Here

