
Numbers 92. Report of Captain John E. Ross, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 27.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FOURTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., October 30, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular of October 29, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this command in conjunction with the Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps:

Having reached the Boydton turnpike road, the regiment was massed with the brigade in an open field. After remaining in this place about an hour, the regiment was ordered to take up its position in line of battle about one-quarter of a mile in advance of the above position, the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry being on our right, and the left resting on the Boydton turnpike road. We remained here about an hour under a severe artillery fire of the enemy, suffering the loss of one man wounded. Shortly after the fire of the enemy had ceased in our front, firing was heard on our right flank, which was found to be that of the enemy. Efforts were made to reform the regiment on a line facing the enemy, who were advancing on our right flank, but owing to the different orders given, the regiment could not be formed until the brigade commenced falling back in confusion. The men were rallied on the road running parallel with our first line of battle. A charge was made at this time, but owing to the confusion along the line we were again compelled to fall back. Slight breast-works were thrown up on the last above-mentioned road, where we lay with the balance of the brigade until about 9 p. m., when the brigade was ordered to retire on the road on which we had advanced in the morning.

The casualties were as follows: 4 enlisted men wounded, 1 enlisted men missing in action, and 6 enlisted men taken prisoners, who afterward escaped.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN R. ROSS,

Captain, Eighty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant C. W. FORRESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 93. Report of Captain Charles E. Patton, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 15-17.

HDQRS. 105TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS., In Field, near Deep Bottom Landing, August 18, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders of this date from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, I have the honor to report that on the 15th instant the regiment was formed on the extreme left of the brigade in front line of battle, which position it held during that day in driving the enemy to their works and taking possession of the Charles City road. We were withdrawn at dark, brought back and formed in column with brigade in field to the right and near the Tenth Corps headquarters, where we remained a short time, when an

