
order was received to move forward and occupy the works on the front line, where we remained until the morning of the 16th. Our loss during that day (15th) was six enlisted men wounded. On the morning of the 16th the regiment moved with the brigade and formed on right of the Tenth Corps to protect the flank, the left resting on First Maryland (dismounted) Cavalry, and advanced with that line in driving the enemy to their line of works. When their position was charged on we were formed in front of works at right angles, the left of the regiment resting on the rifle-pits. We advanced and charged down the line on the enemy's left flank, capturing about 75 prisoners, including 2 commissioned officers, who were sent to rear. At this time, the right of the brigade having fallen back, our right and left were entirely unprotected, and, being exposed to an enfilading fire on both flanks, we were forced to fall back. We then moved with One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers and formed line in woods parallel with rifle-pits, where we remained a short time, when we were ordered to join the brigade a short distance in rear. We were then moved and formed on right of Tenth Corps in front line, where we remained until near daylight next morning, when we moved back in rear of rifle-pits. Our loss on that day was I commissioned officer killed (Colonel Craig, commanding brigade), 1 commissioned officer wounded, 2 enlisted men killed, 16 wounded, and 6 missing, making a total loss of 26 on that day.

Our loss during the entire operations was 1 commissioned officer killed and 1 wounded, 2 enlisted men killed, 22 wounded, and 6 missing, making a total of 32.

The regiment behaved gallantly; no instance of cowardice occurred amongst officers or men.

On the morning of the 17th we moved with the brigade and joined the division in rear.

Respectfully submitted.

C. E. PATTON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain F. E. MARBLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 94. Report of Captain John C. Conser, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 1-5.

HDQRS. 105TH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS, October 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps, of this date, I have the honor to report that this regiment moved with the brigade October 1, 1864, to Hancock's Station. Shipped aboard the cars to western terminus of railroad; insipid and took our line of march toward Poplar Grove Church, where we halted and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 2nd we moved with the brigade toward the South Side Railroad. Left wing of the regiment was deployed as skirmishers and right wing formed 100 paces in rear as support. Line advanced through slashing and took first line of enemy's works; loss, one man wounded. Halted a short time, when the regiment again moved with the brigade

