
by the right flank a short distance along the line of the rifle-pits. Were then moved by the left flank through woods to fields in front of the enemy's second line of works, where we halted for a short period. We were then moved with a portion of the brigade to the skirmish line under cover of hill and skirt of woods. A charge was ordered on the enemy's line of works. This regiment was ordered to support the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, fifty paces in its rear. Charged line of works; was repulsed and fell back in good order. Our loss in the charge was 1 killed, 1 commissioned officer and 11 men wounded, and 1 missing. Were then ordered back to field in rear of skirt of woods, where the brigade was formed. Moved with brigade by the right flank to first line of rifle-pits, where we halted for a short time; then moved with brigade along road; halted in field near Poplar Grove Church, where we bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 3rd the regiment was ordered on fatigue on chain of forts being erected on new line. Returned to camp in field above mentioned in the evening, where we remained during the night. On the morning of the 4th the regiment was again ordered on fatigue on same fortifications as the day previous; returned to camp in the evening, where we remained during the night. On the morning of the 5th was again ordered on fatigue on the same fortifications; returned to camp in the evening; was then ordered to prepare to move. Moved with the brigade at dark; took our line of march toward right of line; halted near Fort Hays, in line of rifle-pits, where we bivouacked for the night.

Both officers and men, without exception, behaved gallantly during the entire operations.

Respectfully submitted.

J. C. CONSER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. B. TEN EYCK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 2nd Army Corps.

Numbers 95. Report of Captain James Miller, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 26-28.

HDQRS. 105TH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS, October 30, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Army Corps, dated October 29, I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 27th instant, about 4 o'clock, this regiment moved with the brigade from field at Weldon railroad near Yellow House (where we bivouacked during the night of the 26th); marched in a westerly direction, halting frequently; passed through first line of the enemy's works, halted in field in their rear for a short time, then moved with the brigade along White Oak road, passed Dalton's Saw-Mill, and halted in field at Boydton plank road in rear of battery, where we remained about two hours, then moved with the brigade by the right flank to rear of section of artillery in corn-field, under fire from the enemy's artillery, where we remained about one hour. Were then moved by the right flank into skirt of woods on right of field to support skirmish line, which was then being driven back. Formed line parallel with the

