
field, when the enemy charged our line and were gallantly repulsed along our entire front. They then moved around our right flank, which was unprotected, formed line of battle in the field in our rear, and poured a destructive fire on our line, killing the two senior officers of the regiment (Capts. John C. Conser and C. E. Patton). Our regiment, being almost surrounded and considerably decimated by the enemy's fire, was compelled to break through their line to prevent being captured. A large number of our men were captured and disarmed, but a portion of them succeeded in escaping to our lines. Our colors were also captured by the enemy; being surrounded there was no possibility of getting them away. The regiment then fell back and formed line on road at right angles with Boydton plank road. We were then ordered on picket in woods in front of brigade, where we remained until about 1 a. m. 28th instant; were then moved with the brigade along White Oak road.

Our casualties during the day was 2 commissioned officers killed, 2 enlisted men killed, 18 enlisted men wounded, and 34 enlisted men missing.

The officers and men all behaved admirably under the circumstances. Respectfully submitted.

JAS. MILLER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. W. FORRESTER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 2nd Army Corps.

Numbers 96. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Casper W. Tyler, One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 15-16 and October 1-5 and 27.

HDQRS. 141ST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, August 24, 1864.

In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, dated August -, A. D. 1864, I have the honor to make the following report:

My command broke camp about 11 a. m. on Monday, August 15, A. D. 1864, and moved with the brigade some three miles to a road leading to the Charles City and Richmond road, where, by command of Colonel Craig, commanding brigade, I formed my battalion into close column by division upon First Division, right in front, in rear of the right wing of the line of battle, and in echelon to the Ninety-third Regiment Pennsylvania [New York?] Volunteers. Moved in rear of the center of the line. I maintained this relative position until I received orders to prolong the line of battle, connecting with the Eighty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers on my left. After deploying and moving my command into line, I advanced, supporting the skirmish line, until the line reached what I was informed to be the Charles City and Richmond road. Here my command rested, the right overlapping the Richmond and Charles City road. After remaining here some two hours, I received orders to withdraw the skirmish line, the One hundred and forty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers supporting. After allowing the brigade about half an hour precedence, I withdrew

