
the First U. S. Sharpshooters from the skirmish line and with them and the One hundred and forty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers rejoined the brigade. During the day I had but one man wounded, though most of the time exposed to a brisk skirmish fire. There were no other movements worthy of mention during the day.

Early on the morning of the 16th my regiment was in line, the Eighty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers on my right, with the One hundred and fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers on my left. My orders were simply to keep intact my connection on the left. This position I maintained during the advance upon the enemy's works. The enemy's works being carried I moved by the left flank, following the One hundred and fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, crossing and forming line at right angles and within the enemy's works, going into position on the left by file into line, the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers still upon my left. My command was here confronted by a thicket, through which we advanced, emerging into an open field. The line, being somewhat broken in consequence of the difficulty in getting through the woods, here rallied and moved across the open field in magnificent style, although subjected to severe musketry fire both from the woods in front and from the woods upon the right flank, into a deep ravine densely wooded. The left bank of this ravine in front of the right of my regiment was so steep and thickly overgrown with bushes as to be almost impassable, while to preserve a line was impossible. I moved up the ravine in obedience to directions from Colonel Craig to urge forward the right. I found the Eighty-fourth and Ninety-third Regiments rapidly falling back, the enemy pressing them both from the front and flank. To advance farther on the right or even to have maintained the position occupied at this time I considered impracticable, if not impossible. I hastened to communicate with Colonel Craig and learned that he had been mortally wounded and carried from the field. In the meantime the One hundred and fifth and One hundred and forty-first Regiments had advanced into an open field beyond the ravine, driving a large number of prisoners into the lines, where they were taken and sent to the rear under guard. The number of prisoners thus taken, I have no doubt, would number between 80 and 100. In this open field the enemy's fire was very severe and seemed to come from almost every direction. The two regiments on my right had already been forced back and were rapidly recrossing the line of rifle-pits in which supporting lines had already formed or were forming. There being but two small regiments across the ravine the contest could have the but one result had it been longer continued. I immediately withdrew my regiment and the One hundred and fifth. The works being full I moved into a ravine some four or six rods in their rear and awaited orders. I reported in person to General Birney and by his order took up a position on a little road running parallel with the line of rifle-pits and a little in their rear, which position I held with the One hundred and fifth and One hundred and forty-first Regiments until relieved, when I joined the brigade. There were no other movements of importance during the day. During the action of to-day my command lost 1 commissioned officer missing, 7 enlisted men wounded, and 6 missing, making in all 14. Those reported missing are, without doubt, either killed or wounded and prisoners.

Of the conduct of my officers and men during the two days' operations I can only speak in terms of praise. When every one does well it would almost seem unjust to particularize. However, I must

