
acknowledge the services rendered by Captains Atkinson and Peck and Adjutant Brainard. By their example and presence they assisted me materially in performing the various duties allotted me.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. TYLER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 141st Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.
HDQRS. 141ST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, October 7, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular from Second Brigade headquarters, dated October 7, 1864, calling for a detailed account of the operations of the One hundred and forty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, I have the honor to make the following report:

About 12 m. on Saturday, October 1, 1864, my regiment broke camp, moving by rail to near the Yellow House near the Weldon railroad. Marched from thence some two miles, when we bivouacked for the night. Early Sunday morning marched about half a mile due southwest to a piece of woods, when I received orders to move my regiment to the left of the Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers and deploy and advance as skirmishers. Being on the extreme left of the line I directed Captain Horton, Company A, to deploy his company as flankers to prevent my line being surprised. I left Captain Gyle, Company H, with two companies about thirty yards in the rear of the left of the skirmish line as a support, with directions that in case the enemy made an attack upon my flank to change front and deploy his command as skirmishers. My line advanced and soon occupied the enemy's works, he having made but little opposition. Soon after I advanced in line of battle, the Eighty-fourth on my right and One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers on my left, until the lien came in close proximity to the enemy's second line. I was here ordered to move my command to the support of the skirmish line, which I did. Some two hours later I received orders from Lieutenant-Colonel Zinn to move my regiment so as to connect on my right with the Eighty-fourth, left with First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, preparatory to storming the enemy's position. Although Lieutenant-Colonel Zinn's superior in rank, I obeyed his orders cheerfully, regarding success paramount to a question of temporary command. I regret to say that the storming party failed to carry the enemy's position. Presenting but a narrow front, the enemy concentrated his fire upon it so effectually that it was impracticable, to say the least, to advance farther than I did, though I did not fall back with my command until I had received orders to that effect. Upon falling back, reformed upon the skirmish line, where I remained until relieved, whereupon my command moved to camp with the brigade.

The operations of the 3rd, 4th, and 5th days of October are of but little moment. On the night of the 5th returned to our old camping-ground near Fort Alexander Hays.

The conduct of my officers and men during these five days' operations was eminently satisfactory.

I lost 1 corporal killed, 2 sergeants and 5 privates wounded.

Respectfully submitting the above report, I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,C. W. TYLER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 141st Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain J. B. TEN EYCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

25 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

