
to the road. After dark we returned to near where we bivouacked the previous night. I reported seven stragglers the next morning, who came up within a few moments after the report was sent in.

I regret to say that Captain Kilmer, commanding Company C, was seriously wounded in the head while rallying his men at the point of the woods where my line was first formed. I here lost 2 enlisted men killed and 6 wounded and 1 missing. The missing man belonged to Company H. His name is Gilbert Corwin, and there was no braver man in this or any other regiment. I fear that he is killed.

Of the conduct of my officers and men I will not further speak. The commanding general was near them during the fight and personally observed both, and is well acquainted with all the circumstances.

Respectfully submitting the above report, I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. TYLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. W. FORRESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 97. Report of Captain John Wilson, First U. S. Sharpshooters, of operations August 15-16.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST REGIMENT U. S. SHARPSHOOTERS, August 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 15th instant the First U. S. Sharpshooters skirmished through the woods in advance of the Second Brigade, meeting and driving the enemy behind their breast-works, reaching the Charles City road, when the line was halted. We remained in this position until the brigade fell back, when we returned to where we had started from in the morning. On the 16th we were deployed as skirmishers on the right of General Foster's command, connecting on the left with the First Maryland [Cavalry (dismounted)] (Tenth Army Corps); on the right with the Fifth Michigan (Second Army Corps), remaining in this position until relieved and ordered to report to Major-General Birney for special duty. We captured 6 prisoners, including 1 officer.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. WILSON,Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain F. E. MARBLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 2nd Army Corps.

Numbers 98. Report of Captain Henry C. Garrison, First U. S. Sharpshooters, of operations October 1-5.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST REGIMENT U. S. SHARPSHOOTERS, October 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report showing the part taken by First U. S. Sharpshooters from September 30 to October 5:

Near m. October 1 the regiment broke camp, went aboard the cars at Hancock's Station, and was transported to Warren's Station, where it

