
debarked near the Yellow Tavern; bivouacked for the night two miles from the railroad. Moved forward the following morning, skirmishing with the enemy, and sustaining a loss of three wounded. Was relieved with the brigade Sunday afternoon; went one mile and a half to the rear, and remained in temporary camp until the evening of the 5th instant, when it returned to the position in the line it now occupies.

Very respectfully,

HENRY C. GARRISON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain TEN EYCK.]

Numbers 99. Report of Captain Benjamin M. Peck, One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First U. S. Sharpshooters, of operations October 27.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST U. S. SHARPSHOOTERS, October 31, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from corps headquarters, dated October 29, 1864, requiring a report of the part taken in the operations of the 27th instant, I have the honor to make the following report:

The First U. S. Sharpshooters started with the brigade from the Weldon railroad about one mile below Warren's Station at 3.30 a. m., and moved in a southwesterly direction. After crossing the first line of the enemy's works, captured by the Second Division, the regiment was formed in line of battle along the edge of a piece of woods to the rear of the works and on the right of the brigade. We remained in this position a short time and then resumed our march, again halting near the Boydton plank road. At 2 p. m. I was ordered by General Pierce to advance across a corn-field to the right of the road, letting my right flank rest at the edge of the wood on the right of the field, making connection with the left of the Fifth Michigan Veteran Volunteers and forming a line along the crest of the hill to the rear of a section of artillery. The enemy were shelling this field, but we did not suffer any loss in consequence of it. About 3.30 p. m. heavy skirmishing was heard in the woods upon our right. I was ordered to deploy the regiment as skirmishers, connecting with the right of a portion of the Fifth Michigan, which had previously been deployed, and to let my right flank rest in the field. This brought my line nearly at right angles with the one established by the Fifth Michigan. The formation of this line had not been completed when the enemy charged upon the Fifth Michigan with a line of battle, striking the left flank of my line, the enemy cutting their way through the line at the angle which rested upon an old road. This brought them to the rear of both regiments. The left of my line swung back a few rods, when Lieutenant Robins, of Company I, brought up the support (a part of his company), but was unable to do more than check the enemy for a very short time. The enemy passing our left flank, the line again swung back. We rallied and made another stand, but being unable to check the enemy's advance were compelled to fall back to the edge of woods, where I reformed the line along a rail fence. The One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Vol-

