
unteers here came to our assistance. We here succeeded in stopping the enemy's advance in our front, but they again pressed forward on our left and passed out into the open field, forming a line along the crest of the hill and between our left flank and the section of artillery before spoken of.

I would wish to call your attention to the bravery displayed by Sergt. Alonzo Woodruff and Corpl. John M. Howard. They were posted on the extreme left of the line. As the enemy passed our left flank, after both first discharging their rifles and being unable to reload Corporal Howard ran and caught one of the enemy, who seemed to be leading that part of their line. He being overpowered, and receiving a severe wound through both legs, Sergeant Woodruff went to his assistance. Clubbing his rifle, had a desperate hand-to-hand encounter, but succeeded in getting Corporal Howard away, and both succeeded in making their escape. The enemy's line being at right angles with the fence the line fell back to change front and reform. I deployed my battalion on the right of the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers to protect its flank. The enemy were unable to make any farther advance, and were soon driven back. After remaining in this position until nearly dark I was ordered to assemble the regiment and move back to a road in our rear. Just at dark I was ordered to deploy the regiment as skirmishers upon the right flank of the Twentieth Indiana Veteran Vollunteers, who were posted in front of the road in the woods. Some two or three hours after this the officer commanding the Twentieth Indiana assembled his men upon the right and moved back to the road. I then sent a man to tell General Pierce that I had no connection upon either my right or left flanks, but owing to the extreme darkness he was unable to find the general or any of his staff. After consulting my officers it was thought best to move to the right. After moving a few rods I found the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers on our right, who, owing to the darkness, had failed to make the connection on our right. I halted and reported to General Pierce what I had done and the condition of the line in his front. About midnight I was ordered to withdraw. We marched some two miles outside of the works captured in the morning and halted for the night. The next day returned to camp.

We lost 2 privates killed, 1 corporal and 4 men wounded, and 6 men missing.

Respectfully submitted.

BENJ. M. PECK,

Captain, Commanding First U. S. Sharpshooters.

Lieutenant C. W. FORRESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 100. Reports of Bvt. Brigadier General Robert McAllister, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations August 13-20 and 25, September 9-10, October 1-5 and 24-28, November 5, and December 7-12.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, August 21, 1864.

MAJOR: In pursuance to orders from the general commanding the division, directing me to make a demonstration in front of the enemy's works, I proceeded at once to the trenches. Orders were issued to the command to strike shelters in front where they could be seen by the

