
enemy, the men to sling their knapsacks and take arms. After the batteries had opened on our line orders were given and repeated throughout our line to prepare to advance, banners were unfurled, and every demonstration made to jump over the breast-works by raising muskets and hats, while the whole line was cheering. This had the effect of bringing the enemy up partly on top of their breast-works, apparently waiting for our advance. Opposite our center we observed a strong line of skirmishers, and behind an extensive abatis (Spanish ridas) a line of battle in strength fully equal to ours. On the right (their left) they did no appear quite so strong, owing to the continual fire kept up.

R. McALLISTER,

Colonel Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division, Second Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, August 22, 1864.

MAJOR: In pursuance to orders from headquarters Third Division, of the 21st instant, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this command north of James River, Va., from 13th to 20th instant, inclusive:

At 5 p. m. of the 13th this command embarked on board of the steamers Perit, Sedgwick, and Collins, and was landed at Deep Bottom bridge at 5.30 next morning, the 14th. At 9.30 a. m. marched forward from the river up to New Market road. At 7 p. m. the brigade was ordered to report to General Miles, who ordered us to take position on his right near New Market in front of the enemy's works, where we remained in line until 4 o'clock next morning, the 15th, when we were ordered to rejoin our division in the rear. At 9 a. m. we were again advanced to the front on the left of Four-Mile Creek, massed in the woods, and remained there all day. Toward evening the Eleventh New Jersey was ordered to proceed to Malvern Hill road to support our cavalry. At 2 p. m. of the 16th one of our regiments (the Sixth New Jersey) was ordered to make a demonstration on our left to draw the enemy's attention, while at the same time two other regiments (the Eighth New Jersey and Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers) made a demonstration on the right of our picket-line to feel the enemy's strength. A heavy line of skirmishers was thrown out, consisting of the Eighth New Jersey, and ordered to advance, while the Eleventh Massachusetts remained in reserve. Our skirmish line was at once exposed to an enfilading fire from he enemy. Although the enemy's force being apparently weak in our front, it was found that his works were too strong to be surprised by a small force. After one hour's heavy skirmishing, in which the officers of the Eighth New Jersey and all the men, with very few exceptions, behaved in a very gallant and creditable manner, we fell back to our former position, with the loss of about 15 in killed, wounded, and missing. On the 17th and the most part of the 18th remained quiet in bivouac, when, at about 6 p. m., the enemy made a demonstration in our immediate front and then turned to our right, in consequence of which the brigade was ordered to take position between New Market and Malvern Hill roads to protect the pontoon bridge, as an attack of the enemy was expected. At 10 p. m. orders were received to rejoin our division then recrossing the James River; crossed

