
pontoon bridge at 11, and marched back to the front of Petersburg, where we arrived at 8 a. m. on the 19th. At 3 p. m. relieved the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps, U. S. Colored Troops, in the works on the Norfolk and Suffolk Railroad, and took position in the trenches.

At the demonstration of the 16th I wish to mention the efficient and gallant conduct of two of my staff officers who had accompanied me to the scene of action, viz, Captain J. P. Finkelmeier, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain R. T. Lombard, acting aide-de-camp, and also Major Willian, of General Mott's staff, who assisted me most bravely and effectually in the midst of the enemy's fire.

Subjoined is a list of casualties from the 13th up to the 20th instant, inclusive.*

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Colonel Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, September 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders received this morning from division headquarters I would respectfully report that my command, consisting of the Third and part of the Second Brigades, left their position near Jones' house at 2 p. m. on the 25th ultimo. After a detachment of cavalry, consisting of forty men under Captain Hare [Hess?], Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, had joined us, we proceeded down the plank road to the intersection of the Reams' Station road. On our arrival there at 5 p. m. our troops were massed to the right and left of said plank road and the fact reported to Major-General Hancock at Reams' Station. Meantime the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac arrived at this point, and ordered me to take a good position and deploy my command across the plank road. After reconnoitering I found a suitable place about a mile south of the intersection and deployed my command, advancing the cavalry detachment stationed in our front well toward Blackwater. While receiving this order at 6 p. m. the head of General Willcox's brigade [division] passed Mrs. Fuller's house, at the intersection toward Reams' Station. A battery of six pieces of artillery had at this time reported to us, and we immediately after took position on the line designated. After having posted two pieces of this battery on the left and rear and four pieces to the right and rear of our position, so as to afford a complete sweep of both roads, breast-works were erected along the line occupied. At 1 a. m. next morning received orders from General Hancock to remain in our old position until General Willcox's command had passed and then march in their rear back to our old position near Jones' house, where we arrived at 5 a. m. No casualties occurred during this movement except an officer missing, Assistant Surgeon Heritage, who while reconnoitering happened to come in the enemy's lines and was taken prisoner.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. McALLISTER,

Colonel Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant J. H. LOCKWOOD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 119.

---------------

