HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, September 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from division headquarters of September 11, 1864, I respectfully report the following part taken by this command in the operations of the 9th and 10th instant:

On receiving orders advising me of a movement on our right, the Fifth and Eleventh New Jersey and Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers were sent to the front in reserve with instructions to be in readiness in case of need to support our picket-line at the advance. Having increased before the strength of the pickets, the headquarters of this brigade was moved to the reserve during the operations. When the advance was made at 1.30 a. m. the detail from the Sixth New Jersey Volunteers advanced with the right of our line with their pickets, and, after successfully driving the enemy, occupied their line in our front in company with the Second U. S. Sharpshooters. Toward morning, at about 3 o'clock, when the enemy threatened the right of our line, re-enforcements were sent from the Sixth and Eleventh New Jersey and Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers, under a most rigid fire. The effort of the enemy to retake this part of the line was twice repulsed and the picket-line firmly held. During the operations the whole command stood under arms ready for any emergency. On the evening of the 10th orders were received to advance during the night the left of our picket-line, which, under a heavy musket fire of the enemy, at about 2 a. m., was done equally successfully. The enemy has since kept up a constant firing, thus causing daily casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. McALLISTER,

Colonel Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant J. H. LOCKWOOD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 20, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with orders received this morning from division headquarters, relative to a report of my operation during the action at Reams' Station, I would respectfully state that I have, on the 8th instant, rendered a report to that effect, a copy of which, marked "I," is hereby inclosed.* The order to be ready (Numbers II) and the one to move (Numbers III) were received at 12 m. and 2 p. m., respectively, on the 25th ultimo. When leaving camp at 2.30 p. m. my command consisted of 685 men of the Second and 1,307 of my own brigade, making a total of 1,992 enlisted men, exclusive of the cavalry and artillery detachment previously reported. At the Jones house we were waiting about half an hour for the Second Brigade. On my arrival at the Fuller house (intersection of Reams' Station road), at 5 p. m., a staff officer, in company with Major Willian, went to Major-General Hancock to report this fact, and a verbal order was brought by these officers to take a position across the road and to hold it until further orders against an attack of the enemy in our rear. Another order from Major-General Hancock, directing me to remain in the position indicated until General Willcox's command has passed on its way back and then bring up the rear and destroy all property left, was conveyed to me verbally by Col-

---------------

*See p. 391.

---------------

