
asked of them. After the demonstration was over the enemy moved on my left flank and made it very unpleasant for this regiment, as well as my whole brigade, together with a portion of General Pierce's. Late in the afternoon Colonel Biles, of the First Brigade, informed me that he was taking his regiment from my left and that I must look out for my left flank. I soon received orders to move my whole command back. My first effort was to get the Eleventh Massachusetts out of its critical position, which was accomplished by Major Rivers in a manner highly creditable to himself and his command. The manner in which the officers and men during the transactions of the day performed their duty is alike creditable to themselves and the brigade. All showed a willingness to obey every order. Colonel Tappen and Major Rivers deserve particular mention. Captain Snyder, in command of my picket-line, showed himself a brave, efficient officer. He was badly wounded.

I returned and took position in the rifle-pits on the right of the Squirrel Level road. Large details were made to slash in our front, and from that time details were kept slashing and building new works until 10 p. m. on the 5th, when I received orders to march my brigade to occupy the works connecting between Forts Davis and Alexander Hays. On my arrival I found the only troops occupying the works were the Nineteenth U. S. Colored Troops, whom I relieved at the breast-works and on the picket-line at 11 p. m., at the same time placing 575 men in Fort Davis and massing three regiments in rear of General Pierce's old headquarters, my brigade being in position, as ordered, at 12 midnight.

I cannot close my report without favorably mentioning Major Willian, of your staff; always where he is needed, regardless of danger.

My own staff did all that I asked or desired of them, and deserve my warmest thanks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Colonel Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Army Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, October [30], 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to circular from headquarters Second Army Corps, dated October 29, 1864, I have the honor to report the following operations of this brigade as a part of the late movement on the left of the army:

I left camp at 10 o'clock on the evening of the 24th, and massed my brigade near the Southall house, where I remained in bivouac until 3 o'clock of the 26th, when I followed the Second Brigade of this division, taking the road leading through the wood, by the Widow Smith, Williams, and Gurley houses, reaching and going into bivouac near the Lewis house at 5.30. At 4 o'clock on the 27th followed the Second Brigade of this division, arriving near the Boydton plank road at 12 m. I was halted by General Meade before reaching the Boydton road, where I was to mass my brigade. Firing could be heard a little to the left and in rear of me. I formed my rear regiment in line across the road, facing it to the rear, to be prepared for an attack in that direction. I

