HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, November 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that last night, 11 p. m., my picket-line in front of Fort Morton was charged upon by a rebel line of battle with a loud yell and vigorously attacked. The left of the part charged gave way and the enemy took possession of about forty pits. In about three minutes our men about-faced and retook one-half of them, driving the enemy to our right. The struggle for the balance of those pits was a desperate one, hand-to-hand across the breast-works with but and bayonet, and lasting until near daylight this morning. I re-enforced the fighting party three different times. Our enfilade fire on the enemy's lines was very destructive to him. Besides the great number of the enemy's killed and wounded carried back by them quite a number of the dead lay in our trenches, also a large number of shovels and picks. We captured 1 lieutenant and 41 men prisoners, whom I sent up to you. My officers and men behaved splendidly. Our loss is light. We think they got from us very few prisoners. They captured the adjutant of the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers. I do not now know of any other. The names of those who did so nobly in this affair I will give when I get all the facts; also the number of killed, wounded, and missing. I strengthened the pickets, and placed the balance of command in the inclosed works and along the breast-works to be prepared for the worst. The colonel commanding a brigade from the First Division massed here furnished me with one regiment, which I placed in Fort Morton to take the place of troops taken from there to the picket-line. All is now quiet. The old line is re-established.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. McALLISTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division, Second Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, November 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, in accordance with your wishes, to forward you the following report relating to the attack on my picket-line on the night of the 5th instant:

On receiving orders from headquarters of the corps and division relative to the disposition of the troops under my command for defense in case of an attack, I immediately placed them as follows: Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, Captain Thomas G. Morrow, on the right and as garrison to Battery 14, connecting with General Egan's command; Eleventh Massachusetts Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Rivers, in the curtains between Battery 14 and Fort Morton; Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John Schoonover, in Fort Morton, one company at Battery 15; Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel John Ramsey, on the left of Battery 15; One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Tappen, connecting with the Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, and extending to Fort Meikel; Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, Captain Thomas C. Thompson, in and occupying the left wing of Fort Meikel. A strong picket-line in front, ninety-two posts,

