
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, December 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the late movement under command of Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Army Corps.

December 6, at about 2 p. m., I received orders from General Mott, commanding this division, to prepare my command to move at 6 a. m. on the following day.

December 7, moved at 7 a. m., marching in rear of Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps, and on arriving at the Gurley house at 7.30 a. m. orders were received to march left in front. Moved on the Jerusalem plank road to the Nottoway River, which I crossed with my command at 7.45 p. m. and bivouacked for the night near its bank. My command was in the rear of the column, and the march being a rapid one, and having many recruits and new men (unused to marching in heavy order), caused many to straggle, consequently they failed to arrive at the river before the pontoons were taken up, and they were taken to the rear by the cavalry escort. The most of these men have since been returned to their respective regiments.

December 8, marched to Sussex Court-House. Flankers were thrown out at the left and right of the column. Halted from 8 a. m. to 8.30 a. m. Passed Sussex Court-House at 8.45 a. m. Halted at 9.20 a. m. and moved at 9.45 a. m. Passed Coman's Well at 11.40 a. m. Halted at 12.50 p. m. until 1.10 p. m. Resumed the march, and at 4 p. m. bivouacked near Jarratt's Station, on the Weldon railroad, my command being well closed up.

December 9, marched at 6.30 a. m., passing Jarratt's Station at about 8 a. m., halting about two miles south of the station, where my brigade was formed in line of battle on the railroad. Received orders from General Mott to have pickets well thrown out. Arms were stacked and orders given to destroy the railroad, at which the whole command commenced with a will. At 11 a. m. the pickets of the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, in front of the brigade line, south of Jarratt's Station, captured 1 prisoner, 19 head of cattle, and 3 mules, all of which were taken in charge by the officers of the quartermaster and commissary of subsistence departments. At 12.40 p. m. moved, halting at 3 p. m., and resumed our operations, destroying the line of the railroad south of this point. My brigade was formed in single line of battle along the road. When orders were given to destroy the same they commenced and soon had the entire length of the road in front of our command utterly demolished. Thus the men worked, and at three different times and places the command was put at works and nothing left undone toward destroying the enemy's communication by rail. We then bivouacked midway between Jarratt's Station and Hicksford. At 12 midnight received orders from General Warren that the object of the expedition had been fully accomplished and that the command would return at daylight in the morning. The weather was very inclement at the time; the ground was covered with sleet and snow.

December 10, marched at 8.30 a. m., leaving the Weldon railroad to the left, taking the road leading to Sussex Court-House. Passed a church at 10 a. m. Halted at 11.10 a. m. At 11.25 a. m. resumed the march and at 12.30 p. m. rested the column. At 1 p. m. resumed the march until 2.10 p. m., when we halted and at 2.40 p. m. again took up the line of march until 6 p. m., when the command was halted and we bivouacked for the night. Heavy rain setting in during the night rendered our situation very uncomfortable.

