
December 11, resumed the march at 7.10 a. m., passing Sussex Court-House at about 10 a. m., halting near the Nottoway River at 12 m. to refresh the troops. The Third Division of the Fifth Corps passed us, leaving us to cover the rear of the whole command. The Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers (Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Rivers commanding) deployed across the Halifax road, holding the enemy in check, their vedettes following in proximity of the Third Division, Fifth Corps. The Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, Bvt. Brigadier General John Ramsey commanding, were deployed to the right of the road running at right angles with the Halifax road, where a squad of the enemy's cavalry was held in check until the whole command had crossed the river with the exception of one section of Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, which after the above-named regiments were drawn in and assembled near the section of artillery, two rounds were discharged on the enemy's front, after which the guns were quietly withdrawn, the Eighth New Jersey and Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers bringing up the rear. At 5 p. m. crossed the river and bivouacked for the night about three miles distant on the Jerusalem plank road.

December 12, resumed the march at 7 a. m., arriving at the Yellow House at 1.30 p. m. Bivouacked in front of the rear line of entrenchments west of the Halifax road.

I am happy to say that the conduct of both officers and men of this brigade was highly satisfactory-the former without an exception; the latter did all that was desired of them, and all deserve great credit.

Appended is a list of casualties occurring in this command.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Army Corps.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, November 8, 1864.

OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF THE THIRD BRIGADE:

With pride and gratification the colonel commanding the brigade returns his thanks to the officers and men of this command for the noble bearing and gallant conduct in the affair of the evening of the 5th instant. Special credit and praise is due the three companies of the One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers and one company Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, and staff and line officers, who so nobly led these gallant bands of brave soldiers to a successful recapture of the lost works against an overwhelming force of the enemy. The skill, bravery, and determination of the officers and men thus engaged representing these (the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers and nearly all the regiments in this brigade) is worthy of note, and should be placed side by side with the heroic deeds and gallantry displayed in other and greater battles.

By a firm reliance on God and by His blessing and a firm determination to do our duty, this contest for our glorious Union will soon be ended in favor of its restoration.

R. McALLISTER,Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*Shows 1 officer and 1 man wounded.

--------------

