
Numbers 101. Report of Major Charles C. Rivers, Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry, of operations October 1-5
HEADQUARTERS. ELEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOL. BATTALION,Camp near Petersburg, Va., October 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Third Division, Second Army Corps, I have the honor to forward the following report of the proceedings of this battalion during the operations on the left army:

At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 1st instant command received orders to march, and about 7 a. m. broke camp at Ford Davis and joined the brigade, them camped in the vicinity of division headquarters. Remained here until about 2 p. m., when we embarked on the cars and proceeded to Warren's Station, and from there marched about two miles, when we bivouacked for the night. About 7 a. m. on the 2nd instant the line of march was resumed, and after proceeding about a mile halted in a piece of woods. Here the brigade was formed in column of battalions and moved forward. After moving a short distance this battalion was ordered to the left, which was done, the line of march taking us down a small road and along the line of works previously held by the enemy. After moving a short distance in this direction skirmishers were thrown out in our front (the detail from this battalion being fifty men). Halted in a ravine, where we remained under fire from the enemy's artillery for a short period, losing 1 enlisted man killed and 1 mortally wounded by a shell. About 3 p. m. the command moved a short distance to the left and in advance of that part of the line held by General De Trobriand's brigade, with instructions to co-operate with the Second Brigade of this division in capturing on the enemy's batteries. Before this battalion could take up position required to make this advance the Second Brigade charged. The battalion did not advance, but maintained its position under a heavy fire from the enemy's skirmishers, losing 1 enlisted man mortally wounded. About 5 p. m. the battalion received orders to fall back and join the brigade, and moved to the line of works occupied early in the day. The command remained here until the afternoon of the 5th instant, when orders to march were received. Marched back to the position held by a colored division of the Ninth Army Corps, in the line of works to the left of Ford Davis. After some little delay this battalion was moved back toward the railroad and went into camp, where it remained.

CHAS. C. RIVERS,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Captain T. H. DUNHAM, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 102. Report of Captain Thomas C. Godfrey, Fifty New Jersey Infantry, of

operations August 13-21.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Petersburg, Va., August 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor, in compliance with circular dated headquarters Third Division, to forward the following report of the part taken by the Fifty New Jersey Volunteers from the 13th to the 21st instant: On the afternoon of August 13 embarked on steamer at City Point, Va., and sailed down to Light-House Point, and there remained until 10

26 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

