
in the evening, when again steamed up the river to Deep Bottom and disembarked about 6 o'clock on the morning of 14th. At 11 a. m. marched across Strawberry Plaints and remained until 5 p. m. Marched to the front and joined the left of the Second Division. About 8 a. m. [15th] were sent on picket, relieving the Fifth New Hampshire. On the morning of the 15th [16th] were relieved from picket at 9 a. m. Under a severe fire of the enemy were relieved by the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, and joined the brigade about 11 a. m., lying between the First and Second Divisions, and there remained the balance of the 15th [16th], during the 16th [17th], and on the evening of the 17th [18th] took up line of march for James River. About 10.30 p. m. recrossed that river and marched until 7 a. m. on the morning of the 18th [19th], and remained until 2 p. m., when we took position in the first line of works in front of Petersburg, relieving the Twenty-second U. S. Colored Infantry. Remained in this position until the afternoon of the 21 st [20th], when we were relieved by a part of the Eighteenth Corps, and marched to the left, near Jones' house, where we threw up line of breast-works. During this time only one man was wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. GODFREY,

Captain, Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 103. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis Price, Seventh New Jersey Infantry, of operations October 1-5.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,October 7, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular, dated October 7, 1864, from headquarters Third Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command (Seventh Regiment New Jersey Volunteers and Fifty Battalion New Jersey Volunteers) in the late movement west of the Weldon railroad:

My command, then consisting of the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, Fifth Battalion New Jersey Volunteers, and Eleventh Massachusetts Battalion, comprising the infantry garrison of Fort Division, on the Jerusalem plank road, was relieved by a portion of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Second Corps (Colonel Smyth, First Delaware Volunteers, commanding), at about 7 a. m. on the 1 st

Instant. Pursuant to instructions I marched to the trestle bridge on the Weldon branch railroad, at the point where the Weldon crosses the Norfolk railroad, and joined the balance of the brigade. Here I remained until about 3 p. m., when the Seventh Regiment and Fifth Battalion New Jersey Volunteers were embarked upon the cars and transported to the Yellow House, on the Weldon road. Disembarking, i marched on the road leading toward the Poplar Grove Church, passed the same, and encamped for the night three-quarters of a mile beyond it. My command was under arms at 5.30 a. m. on the 2nd instant, according to orders. About 9 a. m. moved with the brigade to the support of Brigadier-General Pierce, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division,

