
Second Crops. Advancing in line of battle through a thick wood, I came in view of the enemy's works. Arriving near a small road running parallel with the rebel intrenchments I was ordered to move up the road by the flank. I reported to General Pierce, was ordered into line of battle, and them moved forward on the enemy's works, which seemed to be defended by a small number of cavalry. No resistance of any account was offered to the attack and works were soon occupied by my command and the One hundred and twentieth new York Volunteers. After a short delay skirmishers were thrown forward and the line was again advanced, arriving and halting in front of a second line of the enemy's works. Nothing of importance occurred here, and at about 4 p. m. the line was withdrawn and retired to our first line of works of October 5, when, with the brigade. I marched back to Fort Davis and occupied the same position that I did previous to the movement.

The following are the casualties: Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, killed, Privates George Adams and John Luckmeyer (accidentally); wounded, Dennis M. Kaine (slightly). Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, wounded, Private William Lawson (severely).

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS PRICE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

ASST. ADJT. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS.

Numbers 104. Report of Captain Michael Beahen Eighth New Jersey Infantry, of operations October 1-5.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHT NEW JERSEY BATTALION,Near Petersburg, Va., October 7, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular of this date from headquarters Third Division, Second Corps, I have the honor to make the following report:

This regiment broke camp on the morning of October 1, 1864; took passage by rail in the afternoon to the Yellow House, marched from there to Poplar Grove Church, bivouacked for the night. Morning of the 2nd instant got into position and advanced in line of battle, supporting the skirmish line. Continued in line of battle after the taking of the enemy's line of works for one or two miles, finally halting abreast of the enemy's second position, Here we remained supporting the skirmish line until near sunset, when we returned to Poplar Grove Church, doing picket and working upon fortification until p. m. of the 5th instant, when we returned to the present position.

Casualty while engaged as above, 1 man wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MICHAEL BEAHEN,

Captain, Eight New Jersey Infantry Battalion, Commanding.

Captain T. H. DUNHAM,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

