
Numbers 105. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Schoonover, Eleventh New Jersey Infantry, of operations October 1-5.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Petersburg, Va., October 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular from brigade headquarters of this date, I have the honor to report as follows:

The regiment marched out of the entrenchments near Fort Morton just before daylight on the morning of October 1, and halted near division headquarters. In the afternoon the regiment, with the exception of two companies (for which there was no transportation), took cars and rode to the Yellow House, and from this point marched about two miles to the left, bivouacking shortly after dark. October 2, moved off at 7 a. m. and marched a short distance to the front, when the regiment was ordered by Colonel R. McAllister, Commanding brigade, to protest the left. I then moved forward in column of company, deploying one company as flankers to act as a skirmish line if necessary. Marching in this order a short distance, the regiment was moved off by the flank until it reached the open field in front of the enemy's works, when, it being reported that enemy was moving a force around to his right, the entire regiment was deployed and moved to the left. After moving forward a short distance was deployed and moved to the left. After moving forward a short distance, the regiment was draw to the right, joining the live of battle along the works just evacuated by the enemy, three companies being left on the skirmish line, under command of Captain Gage. The regiment then moved to the front, halting at intervals until it reached a point on the edge of a field under fire of the enemy's battery on the left. The regiment remained in this position until the afternoon, when it was withdrawn and marched to the rear, halting at the Chimneys, in rear of the breast-works. October 3 and 4, the regiment remained in camp, furnishing heavy details for fatigue duty. Late on the aftern on of the 5th regiment moved to the right and halted near Fort Davis about midnight, with scarcely a straggler. The regiment, although for a short time under shell fire, met with no casualties. During the entire advance on the 2nd the regiment behaved with uniform steadiness,and the recruits, who composed about two-thirds of the command, behaved in such a manner as to lead me to believe that they will do their duty under more trying circumstances.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. SCHOONOVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain T. H. DUNHAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Div., Second Corps.

Numbers 106. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John R. Tappen, One hundred and twentieth New York Infantry, of Operations October 1-5.
HEADQUARTERS 120TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,October 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of October 1 this regiment, in accordance with orders received, preceded to the railroad near the trestle bridge

