
and then embarked for the Yellow House. On arrival there we immediately took up the line of march for the extreme left; bivouacked for the night in the woods in rear of the pebbles house.

Sunday, October 2, in line at daylight on right of this brigade, and following the Second Brigade. In obedience to orders from Colonel McAllister, commanding brigade, the left wing of this regiment was deployed as skirmishers, under command of Captain J. L. Snyder. The right wing was formed on the left of Seventh New Jersey Volunteers; moved forward immediately in line of battle, driving the cavalry garrison from the fort and line in our front. Here the alignment was rectified, and again moved forward, proceeded about a mile, and then halted in front of the enemy's works, where the skirmishing was quite brisk; near sundown fell back to the breast-works near the Pebbles house.

October 3 and 4, remained in breast-works. Afternoon of October 5 returned to near Fort Davis.

Casualties: October 2, 1 commissioned officer and 7 enlisted men wounded. October 5, 1 enlisted man killed and wounded.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully,

J. R. TAPPEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain THOMAS H DUNHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 107. Report of Captain A. Judson Clark, Battery B, First New Jersey Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations August 12-26.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., October 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the artillery of the Second Corps in the late movement across the James River, and the action at Reams' Station, on the Weldon railroad, being from the 12th to the 26th day of August, 1864, inclusive:

In obedience to instructions received through Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, chief of staff to Major-General Hancock, the batteries of the corps were moved from their camps near the Deserted House at dusk on the evening of August 12, and marching by the way of Point of Rocks crossed the Appomattox and bivouacked about two miles and a half from Major-General Bulter's headquarters, on the road Jones' Neck, where they remained until the night of the 13th of August, when, in obedience to orders received through Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, chief of staff, I directed the following named batteries to report to the divisions named at Jones' neck at daylight on the morning of August 14: K, Fourth united States, Lieutenant Roder, and Eleventh New York, Captain Burton, to the First Division; Sixth Maine, Captain Dow, and G, First New York, Captain Ames, to the Second Division; F, First Pennsylvania, Captain Ricketts, and B, First New Jersey, Lieutenant Sims, to the Third Division. These batteries accordingly crossed the James River before daylight at Jones' Neck and reported as directed, although

