
a. m. on the 24th, when they marched to Reams' Station, on the Weldon railroad. The infantry immediately commanded destroying the railroad by tearing up the track and burning the ties. The batteries were placed in position in a line of rifle-pits near the station. The Tenth Massachusetts and Batteries A and B, First Rhode Island, Lieutenant parring commanding (captain Brown being absent since the 23 d on special service), were placed on the west side of the railroad and on the left of the station, and the Twelfth New York and C, First New Jersey, on the right of the station on the east side of and nearly perpendicular with the railroad. Everything remained quiet on this day and until about 8 o'clock on the morning of the 25th. At this time the Second Division was moving down the railroad with the intention of destroying the road still farther, and had already proceeded about a mile from the station when the cavalry pickets in their front were attacked by the enemy's skirmishers, consisting of dismounted cavalry, and were being slowly driven back. The troops were immediately formed and advanced to the support of the cavalry. While this was being done the enemy brought a section of rifled guns into position near the railroad, about one and three-quarters mile from the station, and opened fire on our line of troops. Immediately sent a section of the Tenth Massachusetts Battery (rifled guns), under Lieutenant Granger, about one mile down the railroad, where it was placed in position by Captain Sleeper, about severely yards to the left of the road. They immediately opened fire on the enemy's guns, compelling them to withdraw at once to a position farther to the rear, and finally drove them entirely from the field. The section returned to its original position about noon. The enemy meantime and up to noon continued to make demonstrations on different parts of the line and nearly around us, at one time almost entirely in our rear. Battery C, First New Jersey, Captain Woerner, was withdrawn from the line of rifle-pits about noon and placed in the corn-field in rear of the station in order to repel any attack from the rear and left; one section placed on the knoll near the rear line and section near the grove and immediately in the rear of the church.

In the early part of the afternoon our line in front of the station was attacked by the enemy's infantry and dismounted cavalry, but they were early and quickly repulsed. From then until about 3 o'clock the enemy continued to feel the line, but made no other attack until the hour named, when they assaulted tho line again and in nearly the same place. This attack was stronger and more persistent, but was repulsed handsomely. During this attack, Captain J. Henry Sleeper, commanding the Tenth Massachusetts Battery, was wounded, but though a painful wound he remained with the battery nearly a halt hour until the firing had ceased. He then turned the command of the battery over to Lieutenant Granger and left the field. About 4.30 o'clock the enemy were reported advancing in column on our right and near the edge of a swamp about 600 yards distant. The Twelfth New York Battery, Lieutenant Dauchy, immediately opened fire in the direction in which they were reported advancing, and although he could not see the enemy on account of the woods which intervened, he aided materially in checking and breaking the column. One piece of his battery, under the command of Lieutenant Henry D. Brower, was, at the same time, by ordered of Brigadier-General Miles, placed in position near the railroad in front of a couple of small buildings, and where the line on the right crossed the road. About 5.30 p. m. the enemy opened suddenly a furious artillery fire from a large number of guns which he had massed in our front under of

