
tured guns of the Twelfth New York and such limbers and caissons as could be brought away. After considerable time was lost in trying to get men three of the guns were dragged off the line down into

the ravine at the rear of the battle-field, where the horses were hitched to them and the guns taken to the rear. The other gun could not be reached. Three of the limbers and two caissons were afterward saved by the assistance of Lieutenant Sweeney, with the provost guard of the first Division, and a few men of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers, they having volunteered for that purpose. All the pickets with the exception of a cavalry vedette had been withdrawn ere the last caisson was drawn away.

Horses from one of the batteries near the Southall house were sent down as soon as possible where these limbers and caissons were brought and drew them away, taking also the caissons of Captain Woerner's battery which had been left by taking the horses to draw off the guns of the Twelfth New York.

By 8 o'clock on the morning of the 26th the guns and caissons were all in camp near the Jones house.

Our losses in this movement were severe. They are as follows, viz: Officers-killed, 1; wounded, 1; wounded, missing, 1, missing, 2; total, 5 Enlisted men-killed, 10; wounded, 24; missing, 65; total,99. Many of the wounded are among the missing.

The total number of guns lost was 9,5 light 12-pounders and 43-inch ordnance guns, also 8 caissons. The total number of horses lost was [134].

In closing this report I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers of the different batteries and the men under their charge during this movement, and especially during the last engagement. Under a terrible fire of artillery and musketry combined they stood bravely to their guns, fighting with the greatest gallantry to the end. For coolness and courage they could not be surpassed, and the record of their gallant deeds will be cherished with pride and will ever hold a bright and honorable place in the history of the corps. And I would not forget the cool courage and gallantry on the field of Lieutenants Eddy, Bull, and Fairchild, of the brigade staff, or their unwearied exertions at the close of the engagement in getting off the shattered remnants of the artillery engaged.

Individual acts of gallantry were numerous, but when all were brave it were almost an injustice to speak of individual cases. I will only mention one, Private Ginley, G, First New York Artillery, who was acting as mounded orderly on the field. When the line was giving way he drew his saber and riding gallantry among the men succeeded way he drew his saber and riding gallantry among the men succeeded in rallying a large numbers and taking them back into the fight. But while we remember with pride the glorious deeds of those who fought so gallantly, we do not forget the heroes who have fallen at the post of duty. We deeply mourn their loss and will ever cherish and keep green their memory.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. JUDSON CLARK,

Captain, First New York Jersey Artillery, Commanding Brigade.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps.

