
pounders, to Brevet Major-General Mott, commanding Third Division, for the march. Captain A. Judson Clark, First New Jersey Artillery, senior officer, was placed in command of the batteries left on the intrenched line held by the First Division. The batteries moved with the division to which they were assigned at 2 p. m., and camped for the night near Fort Dushane. At 3.30 a. m. of the 27th the column moved down the Halifax road to the Church road to the Vaughan road, and by that route to Hatcher's Run. No artillery was used in the affair at this position on the west bank of the stream. The troops moved on at once, accompanied by the artillery, the Second Division to the right, the Third by a different. A junction was formed at Dabney's Mill, and the column moved by a narrow wood road toward the Boydton plank road. As the infantry emerged from the woods and massed on both sides of the plank road a battery opened on them from a hill near Burgess' Tavern. A battery which had fired a few shots from a point near Mrs. Rainey's house, taking our line in reverse, retired about this time. Beck's battery was hurried forward and placed in position at the junction of the wood road with the Boydton plank road. Lieutenant Beck opened on the enemy's battery at Burgess' Tavern, silenced it, and drove it away. At this time Lieutenant Thomas Burnes was struck by a bullet while fighting his section. The wound was mortal, and Lieutenant Burnes died during the night. Lieutenant Beck continued to fire on the enemy at this point as General Egan's division advanced to fire on the enemy at this point as General Egan's division advanced across the plain against the position at the tavern. The enemy attended to get artillery in position so as to open fire on our advancing line, but the heavy fire from Beck's battery drove them away. The line advanced and occupied the crest at Burgess' Tavern. One section of Beck's battery, under command of Second Lieutenant R. Metcalf, was ordered forward, and went into position on the crest in rear of the ravine near the tavern, opened on the enemy's battery west of the Boydton road, which was enfilading General Egan's line, and drew the fire on himself. Lieutenant Beck, with another section, was ordered forward across the ravine. I went into position near the tavern and opened fire on the enemy's battery in the road.

The enemy replied heavily, and the other section was ordered up and took position with Lieutenant Beck. The enemy then concentrated a heavy fire on him from there batteries. Lieutenant Beck fought his battery stubbornly, losing heavily. The enemy then charged his battery in flank with infantry, but broke and ran back when he opened on them with canister. They seemed determined to silence him, but they did not succeed. In the meantime Roader's and Granger's batteries had arrived on the field and were massed near the junction of the roads. It soon became evident that Lieutenant Beck needed assistance. I ordered up Lieutenant Granger's battery of six 3-inch guns, which went into position by the side of Lieutenant Beck. The enemy's fire had already begun to slacken and almost ceased when Lieutenant Granger opened. General Egan now advanced toward the brigade over Hatcher's Run. Lieutenant Smith's section of Granger's battery moved forward with the infantry and took position near the south end and opened on the enemy. During this time the enemy kept up a continuous artillery fire, enfilading the Boydton road and crossing it at rights angels. The fire did not seem to be directed at any particular point, and did but little damage. Lieutenant Metcalf continued to fire occasionally from his position near the woods. Lieutenant Beck was

