
The casualties and loss of material were as follows:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command	Officers	Men	Officers	Men	Officers	Men	Aggregate	Lossin

horses

Battery K, 4th	...	 1	...	 3	...	...	 4	 3

U. S. Artillery

Batteries C and	 1	 4	 1	 13	...	 4	 23	 14

I, 5th U. S.

Artillery

10th	...	 1	 2	 3	...	...	 6	 4

Massachusetts

Battery

Total	 1	 6	 3	 19	...	 4	 33	 21

Second Lieutenant Thomas Burnes, serving in C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, killed; Second Lieutenant R Metcalf, serving in C and I, fifth U. S. Artillery, wounded and missing; First Lieutenant H. H. Granger, commanding Tenth Massachusetts Battery, mortally wounded; Second Lieutenant Asa Smith, commanding Tenth Massachusetts Battery wounded.

The loss of Lieutenants Granger, Burnes, Metcalf, and Smith will be severely felt in the command. They were all experienced officers of more than there years' service. Burnes and Metcalf were promoted from the ranks in the Regular Army for gallantry and meritorious conduct. Both fell in the faithful discharge of duty. To Lieutenant Granger great praise is due for the able and manner in which he fought his battery. Lieutenant Smith was a most efficient officer, and one who took a deep interest in the cause for which he died. Forgetful of self, even after he had received a mortal wound, on learning that fire ceased for lack of ammunition, he told Lieutenant Granger that a few more rounds were left in his section.

Lieutenant Smith, of Roder's battery, who was ordered to take command of the Tenth Massachusetts after Lieutenant Granger was wounded, deserves great credit for the energy shown by him in getting the battery into fighting condition so short a time. Lieutenants Beck and Roder also deserve great praise for the coolness and judgment with which they fought their batteries.

I conclusion, I would beg leave to call attention to Lieutenants Eddy, Bull, and Deane, of my staff, for their good conduct, and the valuable assistance rendered on the field and on the march during the entire move.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 109. Report of Captain Edvin B. Dow, Sixth Maine Battery, of operations August 12-27.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MAINE BATTERY,Fort Warren, August 29, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the doings of my battery from August 12 to 27, 1864:

August 12, broke camp at 6 p. m. and marched to Jones' Landing, where we remained in camp till 2 o'clock morning of the 14th, where we crossed James River at Turkey Bend. Immediately went into park and remained till 2 p. m., when the right section, under Lieutenant William H. Rogers, was ordered into position near Spring Hill with a section of

