
the Eleventh New York Battery (Captain Burton) and was smartly engaged; fired ninety rounds of ammunition. Withdrew at dark 15th, was ordered to rear and went into camp. 16th, battery moved out to near Spring Hill. Right section in position and engaged. Expended eighty-five rounds of ammunition. At night withdrew and went into first-camp. 17th, remained in camp. Night of 18th went into position to guard against a flank attack by the enemy's cavalry; in three different position during night, the last of which was near and on the right of Four-Mile Creek, where we remained until night of the 20th. Night of the 20th moved to from of Petersburg. 21st, went into camp. At 12 m. moved to left near the Jerusalem road. Lay there till 12 o'clock night of the 21 st, when we went into Fort Crawford. 22nd, hauled gabions and repaired the fort. 23rd to 27th, inclusive, remained in Fort Crawford. The battery has sustained no loss of men or material.

EDWIN B. DOW,

Captain Sixth Maine Battery.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Corps.

Numbers 110. Report of Lieutenant Henry H. Granger, Tenth Massachusetts Battery, of operations August 25.

HDQRS. TENTH BATTERY MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,

In the Field, August 30, 1864

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Tenth Massachusetts Battery in the action at Reams' Station Va., August 25, 1864:

The battery, in company with the First and Second Division of the Second Corps, arrived at Reams' Station, Va., on the Weldon railroad, ten miles south of Petersburg, Va., on the morning of Wednesday, August 24, 1864, and was massed in an open field on the left of the church and on the east of the road. Shortly before noon Captain Sleeper placed the pieces in position on the west of the railroad behind a low line of breast, running parallel with it, and received orders to, hold the road running west at right angels with the railroad. Everything remained quit during the rest of the day and the right ensuing; no enemy made his appearance. During the forenoon of the following day, August 25, skirmishing began on the left and of the position, and Captain Sleeper ordered Lieutenant Granger to report for duty to General Gibbon with the right section of the battery. he did so, and was assigned a position an the left, east of the railroad, to operate against a rebel battery. After engaging this battery, and finally silencing and driving in from its position, after using forty-eight rounds of ammunition, he received orders to report back to Captain Sleeper, and was ordered to take same position occupied by the section in the morning. About noon the rebel skirmishers advanced upon our pickets in front, but were repulsed by them in connection with a few shells from our guns. Shortly after 1 o'clock they advanced again in strong force, drove in our pickets, and their skirmishers and sharpshooters took position in the dense woods on the right, and the corn-field and buildings on the left of the road we were guarding. We immediately shelled these woods, corn-field, and buildings, driving the sharpshooters from the latter

