
troops collected in the open field near General Hancock's headquarters) if it should open again, which it did not, consequently, I did not fire. Remained in position about one hour, when I was directed by Lieutenant Eddy, acting assistant adjutant-general, Artillery Brigade, to follow Lieutenant Beck, commanding Batteries C and i, Fifth U. S. Artillery, who was ordered to fall back. I arrived in camp near the Yellow Tavern about 6 o'clock in the morning of the 28th, and remained there until sometime in the afternoon, when i received instructions from Lieutenant Southall house and go into camp.

The casualties in the battery are as follows: 1 enlisted man killed, 2 officers wounded in the (died since), 2 enlisted men wounded, 7 horses wounded and killed.

In conclusion, I wish to express my thanks to Lieutenant Deane, and the non-commissioned officers and privates of the battery for their hearty co-operations, and the cheerful manner in which they performed their duty while under my command.

Respectfully submitted.

E. S. SMITH,

First Lieutenant, Fifteenth New York Battery.

Major J. G. HAZARD, Chief of Artillery, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 112. Reports of Captain Christian Woerner, Third New Jersey Battery, of operations August 12-27.

Report of operations of the Third New Jersey Battery, from the 12th to the 27th day of August, 1864:

August 12 p. m., the battery marched from the camp of the Artillery Brigade Second Corps, near Petersburg, Va., across the Appomattox, to near James River, Va., August 13 to 20, in reserve the Appomattox. August 21, a. m. arrived in the camp of the Artillery Brigade near Petersburg, Va., August 22, ordered to report to General Gibbon, commanding Second Division, and marched to the Weldon railroad. August 23, marched along the Weldon railroad toward Reams' Station. August 24, arrived at Rams' Station and took position in the breast-works on the right of the Twelfth New York Battery. August 25, 3 p. m., took position on the assigned to the battery by Acting Adjutant Bull. 4 p. m., the enemy opened a heavy fire on the position of my battery from two batteries, which I returned with good success, silencing several of their guns. The infantry of the enemy also made several charges on our position, but were held in check by the well-aimed fire of my battery until all our other troops had left the field. At 7. 30 p. m. the battery left the field, with a loss of 4 men killed and 7 men wounded, 5 horses killed and 6 wounded; also the rear part of once of the caissons could not be brought off the field. Returning, the battery command was informed by Adjutants New York could be saved, when the battery was halted, and the guns and caissons of the Twelfth New York Battery were carried off by our horses. August 26, a. m., arrived near Petersburg, Va., and encamped near the Jones house.

CHRISTIAN WOERNER,

Captain, Commanding Third New Jersey Battery.

27 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

