
THIRD NEW JERSEY BATTERY,

Near Petersburg, Va., September 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to give you in the following a report of the operations of my battery at Reams' Station, Va., on August 25, 1864:

On the morning of the 25th of August my battery was in position in the breast-works near Reams' Station on our right wing and on the rights of Captain McKnight's (Twelfth New York) battery. At 3 p. m. I was ordered by Lieutenant Bull, acting assistant adjutant-general, to move the battery through a little grove to an open field of some twenty acres on our center. Here the first section, under command of First Lieutenant John J. Bargfeld, was brought into position in front of the wood and toward the left. The second section was brought in position in the center of the open field toward the left, where the enemy were expected to appear. At about 4 p. m. a rebel battery opened a heavy, concentrated fire from the woods opposite our center on the second section of my battery in position on the field, which I returned with good effect, silencing some of their pieces. The rebel infantry attacking and approaching very near to our position I changed my position about 100 yards to the rear and fired with canister against them. When nearly I keep up firing until night, when the troops were withdrawn, it being impossible to hold the place during the night.

During this engagement I fired 48 shell, 184 spherical case, 116 solid shot, 74 canister, 422 rounds, of which 318 rounds was of my own ammunition and the balance from ammunition abandoned by some other battery.

The losses of my battery are 4 killed and 7 wounded; 5 horses killed and 6 wounded. I also lost a caisson body, which it was impossible to bring off the field.

When returning from the battle-field I was informed that some of the pieces and caissons abandoned by other batteries might be saved, when I at a favorable place brought my battery to a halt, returned with my horses, and brought off and in safety several pieces and caissons.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHRISTIAN WOERNER,

Captain, Commanding Third new Jersey Battery.

Lieutenant U. D. Eddy,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Corps.

Numbers 113. Report of Capt Nelson Ames, Battery G, First New York Light Artillery, of operations August 12-28.
HDQRS. BATTERY G, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,Camp Second Army Corps, Near Petersburg, Va., August 29, 1864.

I have the honor to make the following brief report of the operations of my battery from August 12 to 28:

On the 12th instant marched with the Artillery Brigade to near Jones' Landing, on the James River; remained here the morning of the 14th, when I crossed the James River and received orders ro report to the commanding officer of the Second Division with my battery for duty.

