
Was director to park in the oak grove near the river and await orders. Remained here until 11.30 a. m. 16th, when I received orders from Lieutenant Bull to move to the front at once and report to Colonel McGilvery, chief of artillery, Tenth Army Corps. Was assigned a position on a small rise of ground to the left of the Charles City road and overlooking Deep Run, some 400 yards from the enemy's works. I was directed by Colonel McGilvary to open on the enemy's works with canister at 5 degrees elevation, but not being able to comprehend the benefit to be gained by firing canister at heavy earth-works, apparently with good effect. Was engaged at intervals until dark, when I withdrew and parked near the river. Remained here until the afternoon of the 20th, when I joined the reserve batteries on the south side the river. Marched with them to my old camp near Petersburg. August 21, marched with the corps to near the Jones house. Remained here until the 24th, when I took the position in the works where I am at present.

I have expended during the time specified 384 rounds of ammunition. I am happy to be able to report I have suffered n loss in either men, horses, or material.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. AMES,

Captain, First New York Artillery, Commanding Battery G.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Corps.

Numbers 114. Report of Lieutenant Frank Seymour, Battery L, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations August 12-27.

Report of the proceedings and operations of Company L, Fourth New York Artillery, guarding ammunition train, from August 12, 1864, to August 27, 1864:

August 12, left camp near Petersburg, Va., at 6 p. m.; marched four miles toward City Point and encamped; remained in camp near City Point, Va., until August 23. Left camp at 6 p. m.; marched back three miles toward camp last left and encamped, where the company has since remained.

FRANK SEYMOUR,

Second Lieutenant, Fourth New York Artillery, Commanding Company L.

No. 115. Report of Captain John E. Burton, Eleventh New York Battery, of operations August 12-26.

CAMP ELEVENTH NEW YORK BATTERY,

August-, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report as follows the operations of this battery since the 12th of August:

On the evening of that day the battery moved from its camp, and following Battery G, First New York Artillery, marched to City Point,

