
September 19.-Two brigades of infantry from the Eighteenth Corps reported to General Benham, and were stationed near Old Court-House.

September 27.-The two brigades of infantry belonging to the Eighteenth Corps broke camp and marched to join General Butler's command, leaving two regiments of Pennsylvania volunteer infantry at Old Court-House.

December 1 to 10.-Details at work at quartermaster's department, hospital department, and cattle herd.

December 1.-The whole command ordered to the lines in front of Petersburg, to report to Major-General parke, commanding Ninth Corps; troops bivouacked near Avery's house and at Meade's Station.

December 11.-Whole command moved to near Avery's house.

December 12.-Ordered to return to City Point.

December 13 to 16.-Details sent to the hospital, &amp;c., for fatigue.

December 16.-Ordered to sent 1,000 men to report to General Ferrero, Bermuda Hundred Defenses. Lieutenant-Colonel Clough sent.

---------------

SECOND ARMY CORPS.*

---------------

August 1.-In camp before Petersburg, Va.; corps headquarters at Deserted House.

August 12.-Broke camp at 3 p. m. and moved to City Point, Va.

August 13.-Embarked on transports and sailed for Deep Bottom, Va.

August 14.-Disembarked at Deep Bottom at 9 a. m.; Third Division sent forward, with one brigade thrown out as skirmishers; slight skirmishing, the enemy falling back to their intrenched line.

August 15.-Slight skirmishing all day.

August 16.-Held position of day previous, the First Division having advanced their line by carrying position of the enemy's works.

August 17.- Held same position.

August 18.-Third Division ordered to relieve a division of the Ninth corps in works in front of Petersburg.

August 20.-Held same position; commenced recrossing the James River at 7.30 p. m., and reached camp near Deserted House at 6.30 a. m. [21st.]

August 21.-At 1 p. m. First and Second Divisions of corps moved toward Weldon railroad; encamped near Aiken's house.

August 22.-First Division sent to destroy railroad and support the cavalry.

August 23 and 24.-Destroying railroad.

August 25.-The Second Division ordered to make a reconnaissance and to destroy railroad; skirmishing during the morning and heavy attack during afternoon' withdrew at dark, the First and Second Divisions taking position near Williams' house.

August 26.-Held same position.

August 27.-Moved two divisions near Jones' house, where they remained, supporting different parts of the line and furnish in fatigue details for the completion of the different works.

September 1.-The Third Division was holding intrenched line from the Strong house to Norfolk railroad. The First and Second Divisions in reserve, engaged in completing defensive works, especially the rear line, from Norfolk railroad to Jerusalem plank road.

September 24.-At night the First and Second Divisions relieved the Tenth Corps from line of works.

---------------

* Commanded by Major General Winfield S. Hancock to November 26, 1864, then by Major General Andrew A. Humphreys.

---------------

