
and from there to near Jones' Neck, on the James River, crossing the Appomattox at Point of Rocks. Early on the morning of the 14th, having been assigned to the First Division, I crossed the James River and report to Brigadier-General Barlow. At 2 p. m. of that day was put in position on the Second Division line, in front of the Second Brigade, where the battery did some excellent shooting, knocking over a number of the enemy's horses and silencing their battery. I have one man wounded in the arm by musket-ball. Silence that time we here not been engaged, although we have had several different position, as follows: Was ordered back to gate posts at dark on the 14th. At 8 p. m. on the 15th was put in position near the grove. On the 17th I had two horses killed by the falling of a tree which was blown down. On the 18th was put in position near the corps hospital, where remained until the next day, when I reported to Colonel Smyth, commanding Second Division, and relieved Captain Ricketts at the Potteries. On the night of the 20th I followed the Second Division across the river and back to our old camp, from which time and until the 26th have been in the reverse. On the 26th I report to Major-General Gibbon, commanding Second Division, and am now in position near the Williams house.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. BURTON,

Captain Eleventh New York Battery.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 116. Report of first Lieutenant George K. Dauchy, Twelfth New York Battery, of operations August 12-27.

TWELFTH NEW YORK BATTERY,

August 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report as follows concerning the operations and movements of the Twelfth New York Battery from August 12, 1864, to August 27, 1864:

The battery, pursuant to orders, marched at 7 p. m. August 12, with the reserve artillery of the corps, crossing the Appomattox at Point of Rocks, and parked near Dutch Gap, where it remained until August 16, when in moved with the reserve artillery to Jones' Neck. At dark August 20 I marched back with the reserve artillery to our old camp. At 11 a. m. August 21 I marched to the left, parking about half a mile from the Jones house to the right of the plank road. At 11 a. m. August 22 I marched to the left and parked near the Gurley house, reporting to Major-General Gibbon, commanding Second Division, Second Army Corps. Remained there until dark August 23, when I marched with Second Division, Second Army corps, to the plank road and up the road about three miles; parked until 4 a. m. August 24; then,marched to Reams' Station and took position in the line of breastworks about 300 yards to the right of the church, relieving Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery. During the 24th everything was quit while the troops were engaged in tearing up the railroad. On the morning of the 25th skirmishing commenced nearly all around us.

