
Shortly after noon the enemy made two charges on the works some distance to my left, where I could not open upon them. About 5 p. m. the enemy opened upon our lines heavily with shell. I was ordered to return fire upon their column in the woods, at the distance of 600 yards, with solid shot and shell. After firing a few rounds Brigadier-General Miles, commanding First Division, Second Army Corps, ordered me to send one piece farther to the left, in the angle where the line crossed the railroad. I sent Second Lieutenant Henry G. Brower with my right piece to take the position indicated. Very soon the enemy charged with a heavy force upon the works some distance to my left, near the piece sent to the left, Lieutenant Brower was killed, while fighting his piece in the most gallant manner, by a shot through the head, when Corporal Liddle, left in command of the piece after firing upon the enemy with canister as they came over the works until they had nearly surrounded him, limbered up and drew the gun off a few yards, where, one of his wheel horses falling dead, he cut the other teams loose and escaped with the teams. As soon as my front was cleared of our skirmishers our works, having the most of my drives carrying ammunition. The enemy having broken through the lines formed in column near the church, endeavoring to advance down the road in rear our breast-works, and also upon the outside. I ran the left piece out of the work to bear upon the road, turned my two other pieces down along outside of the works, and as soon as our infantry had retreated from my left, fired along the road and works with double-shotted canister until the enemy had advanced nearly to my guns under cover of the woods to the rear of my works, when I ordered limber to the rear. The right wheel horses to each limber were shot in crossing over the road to the guns and two fell, so that the guns could not be limbered; the third succeeded in limbering and getting the gun some distance down the road before the fell. When the teams advanced across the road to limber up, I went into the woods and mounted my horse, and turning to go out to lead the teams to the rear, saw the enemy in force advanced as my right piece, when I galloped to the rear. In a short time the enemy was driven back from the works, when I returned and endeavored with Sergeant Outwater to reopen my guns upon the enemy, but was unable to do so, as I had no lanyard. My cannoneers being to the rear, I sent Sergeant Outwater to bring them up, and he afterward report to me that the provost guard would not allow them to the front nor him to return nor him to return on account of their not being armed. Not being able to reopen fire, at dark I proceeded to getting off my carriages. After the three pieces to the right had been sent off field, Captain Clark, action chief of artillery, directed me to endeavor to get off the gun that had been ordered to the angle to the left. I started up the road toward the church, and after going a short distance I met Colonel Lynch, commanding First Brigade, First Division, who informed me the gun could not be reached, as it was outside of our lines, and the troops were being withdrawn pursuant to orders. The troops were then marching down the road. I then turned my attention to getting off my other carriages, and with the assistance of men from the Sixty-first New York Volunteers got the gun limbers carried off the field. I could get no assistance to draw off the caissons in the woods, the other two having been drawn away while the enemy held the works, when Lieutenant Sweeney, commanding the provost guard First Division, came up with the guard, saving they had volunteered to return and assist in drawing off the

