
caissons, which they accordingly did, taking them off the field of battle. The pickets being withdrawn, and, waiting for the carriages to be drawn off, Lieutenant Fairchild, aide-de-camp to the chief of artillery, returned with me to that point with a team, and assisted me in getting once carriage away after the troops had withdrawn, except a cavalry vedette.

My men behaved in the most gallant manner, remaining at their guns long after all support had left them, both on the right and left, never leaving until the enemy were immediately upon them. Sergeant Slocum, commanding the left section, fought his section with the utmost coolness and efficiency.

My loss in the action of the 25th of August, at Reams' Station, was as follows: Second Lieutenant Henry D. Brower, 1 corporal, and 1 private killed, 2 privates wounded, and 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 4 privates missing. Also 1 light 12-pounder gun, 2 caissons for same, 1 ambulance, and 34 horses.

On the morning of August 26 I returned to my camp near Jerusalem plank road.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. K. DAUCHY,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Twelfth New York Battery.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 117. Report of Captain R Bruce Ricketts, Battery F, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of operations August 12-27.
HDQRS. BATTERY F, FIRST PENNSYLVANIA LIGHT ARTY.,August 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to following report of the part taken my battery in the operations of the Second Army Corps, from August 12

to August 27, 1864:

August 12,marched with the Artillery Brigade of the corps from camp near Bermuda Hundred. August 14, marched at 3 a. m., crossed the James River at Deep Bottom, and report to General Mott. In position on the left of the Second Corps line, near Four-Mile Creek, from the 14th to the 18th of August. Fired from this position 466 rounds of ammunition. August 18, marched with General Mott's division to camp in rear of the Avery house. From August 20 to August 27, in position on the right of the Jerusalem plank road, between Forst Tilton and Warren. Fired from this position forty-four rounds of ammunition fired, 510.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BRUCE RICKETTS,

Captain, First Pennsylvania Artillery, Commanding Battery F.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Army Corps.

