
Lieutenant James E. Chase and Second Lieutenant Gideon Spencer, missing; 4 enlisted men killed, 3 wounded (who god off field), 42 missing; number of horses lost, 67.

T. FRED. BROWN,

Captain, 1st Rhode Island Light Arty., Commanding Companies A and B.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg, Asst. Adjt., Artillery Brigade, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 119. Reports of Lieutenant John W. Roder, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of operations August 12-27 and October 26-28.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY, FOURTH U. S. ARTILLERY,Near Petersburg, Va., August 28, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with instructions of this date from headquarters Artillery Brigade, Second Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of battery (Fourth U. S. Artillery), under my command during our late movements:

In accordance with instructions from headquarters Artillery brigade, Second Corps, i left camp near Petersburg, Va., about 6 p. m. on the 12th day of August, 1864, and marched with the rest of the batteries of the corps in the direction of the James River, and encamped about three miles on this side. August 13, remained in camp all day. August 14, received orders about midnight to move at 1.30 a. m.; was conducted by Lieutenant Bull, aide-de-camp, to the river, crossed on the upper pontoon bridge, near Bottom, and report to General Barlow, commanding First Division, Second Corps; was directed by him to go into park near the head of the brigade and await further orders. August 15, battery remained in park all day. August 16, about 1 p. m. I was directed by Lieutenant Bull, aide-de-camp, to move the battery to the front and report in person to Major-General Birney, commanding the Tenth Corps. After I had reported I was ordered by Colonel McGilvery. General Birney's chief of artillery, to take up a position on an elevated piece of ground and within about 600 yards of the enemy's works, and open fire at once, which I did, and, by all accounts, with good effect. I fired 323 rounds of ammunition of various kinds, had 2 men wounded (1 slightly and 1 severely-lost his leg) and 1 horse killed and 2 wounded; was ordered to withdraw at dark and go back to my old camp near the pontoon bridge. August 17 and 18, remained in camp. August 19, left camp at 8 a. m.; was directed by General Miles to take up position on the right of his line. August 20, left position at 7 p. m., joined the First Division, recrossed the James River, and halted. August 21, started again at 1 a. m., arrived in my old camp near Petersburg about 9 a. m.; left camp again at 12m., marched two miles to the left of our line and went into park near the Jones house. August 22, battery remained in park all day. August 23, left park at 9 a. m., moved back about half a mile and went into camp near Artillery Brigade headquarters. August 24, moved to the front about half a mile and went into position. August 25, remained in the same position. August 26, was directed by Lieutenant Eddy, acting assistant adjutant-general, to move the battery to the left and report top General Miles. By him was directed to take up a position near the Williams house, on line with his division. August 27, left position at 9 a. m.; followed the division to the Avery house; was then directed by one of General Miles' aides-de-camp to go back to my old camp near army headquarters, where I am at present.

