
No. 120. Report of Lieutenant W. butler Beck, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding Batteries C and I, of operations August 12-27 and October 25-27.

BATTERIES C AND I, FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY,

In the Field, near Petersburg, Va., August 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, during the recent movements of the Second Army Corps:

In accordance with orders from the headquarters Artillery Brigade, Second Corps, Army of the Potomac, the battery left camp in front of Petersburg and moved at 6 p. m. of the 12th instant with the rest of the batteries to within about a mile of the James River, where it arrived about 12.30 a. m. of the 13th. The battery remained here in reserve until the afternoon of the 16th, when it moved with the rest of the reserve batteries to Jones' Neck and went into camp on the bank of the James River, where it remained until the evening of the 20th, when I received orders to move with the rest of the batteries back to in front of Petersburg, where I arrived and went into my for men camp about 1.30 a. m. of the 21st. About 9 a. m. of this day, pursuant to orders, I moved with the rest of the batteries about three miles to the left and went into camp near the Jones house, where I remained until the evening of the 25th, when I moved, according to orders, and went into position here until the evening of the 27th, when, in pursuance of orders from headquarters of the Artillery Brigade, I returned to my former camp in front of Petersburg near the Southall house.

I would here state that Lieutenant Gilliss was in command of the battery until the 17 instant, when I relieved him of the command, he having received the appointment of captain, assistant quartermasters, U. S. Army.

In concluding this report, i cannot speak too highly of the officers and men of this battery for their efficiency and good behavior during these movements.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. BUTLER BECK,

Second Lieutenant, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Batteries C and I.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Corps.

BATTERIES C AND I, FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY,

October 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the participation of my battery in the recent movements of the Second Corps, Army of the Potomac, and the battle on the 27th instant:

On the night of the 25th instant I moved my battery, according to instructions from, headquarters Artillery Brigade, Second Corps, to the neighborhood of the Southall house and went into camp near the Third to the neighborhood of Fort Bross, on the Norfolk railroad, and report to Brigadier-General Egan, commanding Second Division, for duty. At 2 p. m. i moved with the Second Division and marched to the neighborhood of Ford Dushane and went into camp about 8 p. m. At

