
3 a. m. of the 27th instant I moved with the Second Division; marched about---miles and went into position on the right of the---road. Soon afterward I mowed I moved forward with the Second Division and marched to the Boydton road, a distance of---miles. At this point the batteries into a trot and hurried forward. i soon got into position, and opened fire upon this battery with such good effect it was al most instantly silenced and withdrawn. I regret to say that during this time I lost a most valuable officer in the person of Second Lieutenant Thomas Burnes, Second U. S. Artillery; he was struck in the abdomen by a minie-ball, from the effects of which he died about 1 a. m. of the 28 instant. General-Egan having advanced his line, I was ordered by him to place a section in position upon the ridge he just captured about 600 yards to the front and right of my first position. At this point I placed my right section under command of Lieutenant Metcalf and opened fire upon a column of rebel infantry who were deploying in the neighborhood of the Burgess house, on the Boydton from General Egan to place a section in position near the above house. I very soon got my left section in position here, although under a very heavy fire from a rifle battery on the road. Soon after I had opened fire on this battery, the enemy opened another rifled battery on me from the right, enfilading the section. However, I still kept up a vigorous fire to the left, and then went back and brought up my center section at a gallop, and put it in position at right the meantime the enemy opened two more guns upon me from another point to the right of the Boydton road. Lieutenant Metcalf, with his section, replied to them most vigorously, he being to my right and rear.

The enemy did their to drive me from this position with their artillery, and but for the bad practice of their gunners I fear there would have been but little left of my battery. As it was, most of their shots went over me, or their shell burst short. This was from the effect of the vigorous fire I kept up all the time, and I have the satisfaction of knowing that the enemy ceased firing first. About 3 p. m. the enemy's infantry in front of my center section made an attack and charged up to the brow of the hill, driving in our skirmishers. They came up to within 150 or 200 yards of this section, when I opened on them with canister, and with such good effect that they halted, and my support charged and drove them back. For fear that they might try it again. I changed front of my left section and placed it upon line with my center section. I then opened with the four guns upon the retreating enemy. Shortly after this the Tenth Massachusetts Battery came up and I returned with my two section to the position I first Occupied in the morning. My loss at this time was 3 men killed and 7 wounded; also 6 horses killed. Very soon after I returned the enemy broke through the line in rear of Lieutenant Metcalf's section. This was so sudden that he had hardly time to reverse his pieces before the enemy had them.

I regret to report that Lieutenant Metcalf was wounded here and taken prisoner. One man was killed and 2 wounded at this point. All the rest of the men, with one limbers, escaped, and the guns were soon after recaptured and delivered to me by the First Maine Volunteers.

