
During this attack I placed my four guns in position on the left of the Boydton road, and opened fire upon the point of woods, where the enemy broke though and captured my guns. After the enemy had been repulsed at this point I moved my guns forward to my first position, and, by directions of the major commanding, placed one section on the right and one on the left of the road, and opened fire upon the point of woods to the right and front, about 800 yards, with shell and case-shot. I kept position until about 8 p. m., when, by direction of the major commanding, I marched my battery back to the Yellow Tavern and went into camp. On account of my loss in horses, I had to abandon one caisson, which I had cut to pieces, so as to be of no service to the enemy.

My loss throughout the day was 1 officer and 4 men killed, 10 wounded, and 7 missing. Three of the latter were report to me as being wounded, but they have since rejoined the battery, as also have the missing. During this action I fired 237 rounds of solid shot, 147 rounds of shell. During this action I fired 237 rounds of solid shot, 147 rounds of shell, 248 rounds of spherical case, and 34 rounds of canister.

In conclusion, permit me to say that in the death of Lieutenant Burnes the service has lost one of its best and most gallant officers. He was ever brave, noble, and generous. I have also to regret the wounding and capture of Lieutenant Metcalf, who has ever show himself to be a brave and gallant officers on the field of battle. My thanks are also due to First Sergt. John Murphy, of Battery I, and First Sergt. Paul Romer, of Battery C, for the gallantry and efficiency they displayed as acting chiefs of the center and left section throughout the engagement. I can also assure you that the non-commissioned officers and privates of my battery can ever be relied upon wherever they may be placed; their bravery and gallantry in serving their guns without flinching under that galling fire during the above action bears testimony of this, and I can but fell proud to be in command of such men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. BUTLER BECK,

Lieutenant, Comd. Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

Lieutenant U. D. EDDY

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Second Army Corps.

No. 121. Reports of Major General Governor K. Warren, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps, of operations August 18-21 and 31, October 27-28, and December 7-12.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Weldon Railroad, August 25, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of our operations near the Globe Tavern, on the Weldon railroad:

Pursuant to orders, we set out at 4 a. m. on the 18th instant. We reached the enemy's cavalry pickets, at Doctor Gurley's house, one mile from here, at 7 a. m. General Griffin's division, in advance, was immediately formed in line of battle by brigade, with skirmishers deployed. We then, at 8 a. m., advanced rapidly. By the aid of the support of the cavalry picket belonging to the Third New York

