
October 1.-The Third Division was relieved from the front line and moved to the extreme left, under orders to report to Major-General Parke, to operate with his command in a reconnaissance near the South Side Railroad.

October 5.-The division returned and resumed position in the front line. The First Division occupied the line in front of Petersburg from Fort Spring Hill to Fort Meikel from the 1st to the 5th, when it was relieved by the Second Division. The First Division then held the line from Fort Morton to the river, with reserves in rear of Forts Haskell and Sullivan.

October 24.-At night the entire line was broken up as far as Battery 24 by the First Division.

October 26.-At 2 p. m. the Second and Third Divisions, with twelve pieces of artillery, moved forward, and at night were massed near Fort Dushane.

October 27.-They were marched toward the South Side Railroad, and were heavily engaged during the day with the enemy's forces near the Boydton road, retaining their position until after midnight, even the troops retired under orders from the commanding general Army of the Potomac.

October 28.-The troops returned. During the next three days the Second and Third Divisions resumed positions on the front line, relieving the First Division, which was then massed near the Southall house. During the absence of the Second and Third Divisions on the 26th, 27th, and 28th a small command of the First Division attacked the enemy's works near the Crater, and for a time succeeded in occupying the same, capturing several prisoners, including two field officers, but finally had to retire with small loss.

[November.]-The Second and Third Divisions garrisoning forts, batteries, and intrenched works before Petersburg until November 29, with the First Division in position of support line of works.

November 30.-The divisions of the corps were relieved in their respective positions by the Ninth Army Corps and marched to the extreme left, taking the position formerly occupied by the Ninth Army Corps, with corps headquarters at the Pebbles house.

December 6 [7].-The Third Division moved from camp in front of rear line of works by way of Jerusalem plank road to the Nottoway River. December 7 [8].-Moved to Chambliss' farm.

December 8 [9].-Moved to Jarratt's Station, Weldon railroad, and commenced destruction of the track.

December 9 [10].-Commenced return movement and arrived at present camp, in front of Fort Clarke and Fort Siebert, between Vaughan and Halifax roads, on the 11th [12th]. The above movement in conjunction with Fifth Army Corps. The First Division [December 9] marched at daylight on the Vaughan road toward Hatcher's Run; there encountered enemy's pickets and drove them across the run; forced crossing of the run and advanced to Armstrong's Mill on reconnaissance.

December 10.-Returned to present camp. Four batteries of the corps are located on the line occupied by the Ninth Army Corps.

First Division.

August [12] 13.-Struck camp and marched to City Point; embarked and sailed up the James River to Deep Bottom.

August 14.-Landed at Deep Bottom and pushed out to the New Market road, skirmishing all day. At night took up position opposite enemy's works and intrenched.

