
enemy's line in place before coming in good musketry range. Our skirmish line was immediately advanced, and 339 men and 39 officers taken on prisoners, besides 139 jrebel wounded were brought in, along whom were Colonel E. C. Coulcill, Sisteenth Mississipi, and Lieutenant Colonel S. B. Thomaas, Twelft Mississipi. General Hagood's brigade struck a part of our linbe where the trops were in echelon and they found them-selves almost surrounded, and every one thinking they had surrendeered, ceased firing. Troops immediately advanced to bring them in when their officers commanced firing, and Captain Dailey, provoist-marshal of the Fourth Division, was shot by General Hagood. In the mixed condition of our men and the enemy, our line could not fire, and many of the enemy escaped. On General Griffin's advance F. C. Anderson, * of the Eightenth Massachusetts, captured the battle-flag of the Twenty-seventh South Carolina. In General Cutler's advance from Hofmann's brigade, Captain J. C. Hatch, of the Seventy-sixth New York, took a battle-flag; Lfirut. M. Eyre, adjutant of the Third Delawere, tool one from a Shouth Carolina regiment; Corpl. H. A. Ellis, * Seventh Wisconsin, the flawg of the Sixteenth Mississipi, and Private Norton, of the Seventh Indiana, took one. Others reported, but have not been handed in. We buried 211 of the enemy's dead. The rebel Generals Lamar and Sanders were said by the prisoners to be killed.

Our losses were:

Command	Killed.	Killed.	Wounded.	Wounded.	Missing.	Missing.	Total.	Total.	Aggregate.

Officers.	Men.	Officers.	Men.	Officers.	Men.	Officers.	Men.	Aggregate.

Artillery	...	5	3	24	..	...	3	29	32

Brigade.

First	...	6	2	20	..	55	2	81	83

Division.

Second	1	10	5	63	2	46	8	119	127

Division.

Third	...	...	1	1	..	...	1	1	2

Division.

Fourth	1	14	4	39	..	...	5	53	58

Division.

Total.	2	35	15	147	2	101	19	283	302

GeneraL Cutler received a wound on the face from a shell.

Colonel Dushane, commanding the Maryland Brigade, a gallant fighter, was among the killed.

During these four days' operations men and officers performed their duties as well as any ever did under the circumstances. The heat of the first day was excessive, and on the march many fell out that are here refported among the missing, but who will soon rejoin us; about fifty were completely prostrated by sunstroke. The men were kept working night and day, and were every day and night throught with the rains. The side roads and fields were almost impassable for artillery.

Colonel Wainwright, chief of Artillery, performed his important, fatiguing, and dangerous duties with success, and the servise of all our batteries was most efficient.

My staff performed their fatiguing and exposed duties most commendably.

---------------

* Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

