
In order to illustrate further, if it is necessary, the character of the country I append a report of Lieutenant Dresser, assistant inspector artillery, attached to Artillery Brigade. *

General Hancock communicated with General Crawford two or three times, but did, as I am aware, at any time indicate to him that he was in need of his closer support. The position and operations of General Crawford must have had much influence on the operations of the enemy and were conducted him with all the energy and skill I believe it was possible to exhibit under the circumstances. Less perhaps appears in view of what was accomplished that upon consideration of the obstacles met and overcome. My command remained in position all night the heavy rain. General Hancock having deceived to fall back, I ordered General Crawford to withdraw at daybreak to the north side of Hatcher's Run, which he did, by building a bridge just behind his line of battle. At daybreak I sent out Major Roebling of my staff to inform General Egan (then at Dabney's Mill) that General Crawford had withdrawn, and General Egan then withdrew to the north side of Hatcher's Run and halted. Major Roebling them went out to General Crawford's picket-line and brought in all that had god lost. He them went on to the battle-ground of General Hancock of the night before, without meeting any enemy, but seeing their cavalry pickets on the plank road. This was about 8 a. m. At 7. 30 a. m., by order, General Ayres with two brigades of his division were sent to report to General Parke. Stragglers from the Second Corps continuing to come in I sent out ten men of my escort to hold on to Dabney's Mill until they should all come that made their appearance, while at the same time Major Walsh picketed the road down to where the Vaughan road crosses Hatcher's Run, for the same purpose. At 10 a. m. all the wagons, wounded, and prisoners were gone, and the road clad. I then gave orders to Generals Egan Crawford to withdraw, and Major Walsh to cover the latter. At 10.30 a m. these division were out sight, and I then notified General Parke that I was ready to withdraw General Griffin's division simultaneously with General Willcox, and at 11 a. m. they began. About 11.30 the enemy's cavalry drove in our small mounted force, across Hatcher's Run, but all the tired and straggling had already gotten in. General Bartlett's brigade formed to check this advanced, but the enemy did not do more that fire a few shots with cavalry skirmishers at very long range. We waited in this position about an hour and then withdrew without any molestation from either the enemy's cavalry or infantry. Every man of my command was brought off, and all the arms of the wounded. Major Walsh moved back up the Duncan road, covering General Parke's left, after General Griffin's rear guard entered the road cut through the woods.

Beside the map and report of Lieutenant Dresser, Fourth U. S. Artillery, accompanying this report, as before stated, there will be found the report of General Griffin, commanding First Division; of General Crawford, commanding Third Division; of Colonel Wainright, chief of artillery (the wooded nature of the country prevented any use our artillery during the movement), and a list

of casualties.+

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

---------------

* See p. 456

+ Embodied in return of casualties, pp. 155-157.

---------------

