
August 16.-First Brigade made reconnaissance to White's Tavern, on the New Market road.

August 20.-Recrossed James and Appomattox Rivers, returning to position in front of Petersburg.

August 21.-Marched to Gurley's house.

August 22.-Marched to the Weldon railroad and commenced its destruction.

August 23.-destroyed railroad to Reams' Station.

August 25.-Fought the enemy at Reams' Station and marched of Williams' house.

August 27.-Took position in reserve near avery's House, in front of Petersburg.

Re-enforcements: Fourth New York Heavy Artillery-57 commissioned officers and 1,557 enlisted men; one company of the Seventh New York Volunteers-3 commissioned officers and 91 enlisted men.

Reductions: Captain J. M. Faville, Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, Company F, August 11; Captain Jones, Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, Company I, August 13.

September 5.-Division moved from camp at Deserted House to Jerusalem plank road, where it built a line of works.

September 9.-Moved into camp near the Jones house.

September 24.-Moved into line of works from the Appomattox to Fort Meikel, headquarters at the Friend house.

October 1.-Division occupied line in front of Petersburg from Fort Spring Hill to Fort Meikel; headquarters at Friend's house.

October 5.-Were relieved by Second Division from Fort Meikel to Fort morton, inclusive.

October 25.-Relieved by Second and Third Divisions, taking up the line as far to the left as Battery 24; moved headquarters to Avery's house; occupied this line on October 31.

November 4.-Moved into position to support line of works Remained until November 30, when the division moved to line of works on left of Fifth Corps.

December 9.-Broke camp at daylight and marched on the vaughan road toward hatcher's Run; encountered the enemy's pickets, which were driven across the run; forced a crossing and advanced to Armstrong's Mill; remained until 1 p. m. of the 10th, when the division returned to present camp. No other movements.

First Brigade, First Division.

August 12.-We remained in our old camp near Petersburg up to present date, when we broke camp and marched at 4 p. m. to within 2 miles of City Point and encamped over night.

August 13.-At 11.30 a. m. moved down to the landing and commenced to embark. At 3.20 p. m. the brigade was embarked, and at 10 p. m. we started for Deep Bottom.

August 14.-At 1. a. m. we arrived at Deep Bottom; disembarked and formed near the place in the open field where we encamped July 27. At 10 a. m. we moved forward and occupied the New Market road. At 1 p. m. we captured a rifle-pit and had sharp skirmishing all afternoon.

August 15.-We moved down the New Market road toward the right to support the cavalry.

August 16.-At 4 a. m. we were ordered to make a reconnaissance out on the Charles City road in conduction with Gregg's cavalry. We met the enemy in force at White's Tavern. At 3 p. m. we fell back and formed on the right of Birney's troops (Tenth Corps).

