
section of our brass battery firing at the rebel battery. The enemy fired all his shots at this section, and was knocking it pretty badly. The right flank of this section was protected by about 100 cavalry drawn up in line beyond, through farther north; I could see troops of ours. While I was standing there another rebel battery opened from some point on the north side of Hatcher's Run, taking this advanced section of ours somewhat on the right and rear. The first shot fortunately burst about 100 yards from me, else it would have knocked me over. I left then. Saw a little road going northeast by east toward the run; went 200 yards down the road, saw nothing came to the point where I had first entered the lange field. Saw another road here leading southeast by east.

I thought I might strike Crawford by here leading southeast by east. I thought I might strike Crawford by following that road. I went down the road nearly half a mile, when I saw two rebels standing across the road; turned around and came back. On the way back I met Bingham with General Hancock's escort. He was sent down this road to see whether he could find General Crawford. He said General Meade had told General Hancock to send some one down for that purpose. I told Bingham that he might find Crawford if he kept on long enough, but to keep a good lookout, as there might be rebels on the road. It seems he went through without seeing any rebels, and found Crawford near the Crow house. He returned safely by the same route. Later in the afternoon, when Hancock's right was driven in, Bingham was sent down this same road to get Crawford's assistance, but he was captured before he god to the field around the Crow house.

About 2, or a little later, I left the Second Crops and returned to the saw-mill on the creek. When I left, General Meade was still at General Hancock's. Ricketts returned at that movement and said he knew where General Crawford was. General Warren and staff started to find General Crawford via steam saw-mill and Crow's house. I went to the farther end of that field and find Crawford where Ricketts had left him. All of us went into the woods to hunt him; came upon his line of battle very unexpectedly; he was moving about, 15 degrees west. He said his right rested on the creek; said he lost time by mistaking a branch for the main creek. Was separated from the rest of our staff, and followed the line of battle with General Bragg. It was now, say, 2.45. Presently skirmishers to fire, and then the main line commenced to fire. The troops were a little scared, and many stragglers began running to the rear; but few bullets seemed to come from the enemy. Our line them commenced to cheer, and advanced rapidly, firing all the while. The firing from the enemy was very feeble. At about 3.30 the line stopped advancing and most of the firing ceased. I rode up to Bragg's skirmish line, found the right of it on the creek, and directly in front of it the end of the rebel breast-work on the other side; the lower end of it was vacated. At this moment a squad of, say twenty, rebels appeared on top the hill opposite and fired down on us. My orderly was killed, and I returned lower down the creek. Found Griffin's skirmish line connecting with Bragg's line of battle. About a dozen of Griffin's men were on Crawford's side of the creek, having crossed on a tree. They had no officer with them.

I told the men to hunt their officer and tell him the rebels had left their breast-works, and to go up and occupy it. I then went to General Crawford and asked him why he had halted at the very movement when he had victory in his grasp. He rapidly he had positive orders from General Warren not to advance another step. At this moment Captain

