
Dailey came up and begged hard to be allowed to cross the creek with fifty men and clear out the line of breast-works. Permission was refused. The creek was waist-deep here, backwater from some dam. I then left find General Warren and explain to him the situation.

Some one told me he had gone to General Hancock's right just before Crawford's attack commenced. I started out the road from the western end of the Crow field; got a little way into the woods when I head some suspicious noises, and through it best not to try it. Found General Warren about 4 o'clock near the saw-mill. Captain Bache had just come with a massage from General Meade. Explained the state of affairs; went back to General Crawford with an order to take possession of the breast-works if he could cross the creek. Rejoined General Crawford about 4.45; little firing going on; was astonished to see rebel stragglers coming in on our left and rear. They report Willcox's division in the woods a short distance behind us. General Crawford had just changed the front of one brigade (Hofmann's) to look out for this contingency. I delivered my order to him, but we both concluded it would not be advisable to make the attack under the circumstances. 5.15, growing dark rapidly; started back. Some on these rebel prisoners had some of the Second Corps prisoners. They reported that Hancock's division had been flanked by them and had broken and run. This was the first intimation that General Crawford had that matters had been going wrong with the Second Corps. When I got back near the Crow house voices shouted out of the pines, "Stop that man on horseback." They turned out to be eight rebels under charge of two of our men who had lost their way. I brought them in. These men of ours had been taken prisoners by the rebels in the first place, but not on e of the whole party knew where they were, so they had made up their minds to follow the first man who knew where anywhere was. At 5.45 reached our headquarters; pitch dark and raining. Captain Cope came in shortly afterward with eight rebels. Moved headquarters to the Armstrong house about 6.30. Orders were sent to General Crawford to withdraw at 3 o'clock by Lieutenant-Colonel Osborn. He had already built a bridge over the creek. The withdrawal was effected by daylight without any pursuit. During the night the Second Corps withdrew from the south side of the run.

October 28, 5.30 a. m., day just dawning, started with the escort via steam saw-mill to pick up any of Crawfords stragglers that might be left. Found General Egan and Major Mitchell near the steam saw-mill. They had just returned from the field of battle. Told them that General Crawford had withdrawn. Went over to Crow's field; saw three of our ambulances standing half-way between the two house. Met an officers and two men going to hunt the Seventh Wisconsin. He went further to the ;left than I did. Going through the woods we picked up perhaps twenty of our stragglers,and suddenly came upon the Seventh Wisconsin, heaving some sixty prisoners in charge. The regiment seemed to be lost and did not know what to do. Their commanding officers, Major Richardson, had gone off to find out something. I got them to start over, and at that time the major, with Captain Dailey, came up and said the brigade had been fixed again, so crossed that way. There were no signs of any enemy. I understand from Colonel Osborn that a small part of Colonel Hofmann's picket-line was out at this time about half a, mile in advance of this point. They did not come in until about 9 o'clock and brought and brought about thirdly or forty prisoners

