
along. Returned to the steam saw-mill at 7.30 o'clock; found everything but stragglers gone. Went up the road to Hancock's field; road filled with stragglers; met some of Gregg's cavalry coming back. They all reported that the enemy was pursuing yet. Many of the men said there was a picket-line still out. Farther on, met some men who had been relieved from the picket-line at 12 o'clock. Over at Mrs. Rainey's house there were some of our men, stragglers from the field, said the rebel vedettes be seen in the edge on the woods beyond the plank road. When I turned to come back, say 8.30, there were still some wounded men limping along. There was plenty of time to have taken then safely that morning.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December 14, 1864-12.30 p. m.

The command consisted of General Gregg's division of cavalry, the three division of the Fifth Corps, Mott's division, of the Second Corps, four batteries of artillery, and a canvas pontoon bridge 250 feet long, with three companies of engineers under Captain Van Brocklin. The whole command was on the move at 6 a. m. on the 7th, having been located beforehand so as to make a simultaneous start. General Gregg took the road east of the Jerusalem p[lank road, turning out of it at Temple's and joining it again about one mile and a half below Warwick Swamp. The infantry took the plank road; the division in the order of Crawford's, Griffin's, Ayres, Mott's, each division heaving a battery and half its ambulances; last was the wagon train, with one brigade guarding it. The men had four days' ration and sixty rounds of ammunition on their persons and two days' rations and forty rounds of ammunition in the wagons. The bridge was found to be destroyed on the plank road at the crossing of the Warwick Swamp, and caused considerable delay. Fifteen minutes sufficed to make a passage alongside for infantry, but a brigade with a crib-work pier about forty feet long had to be made before the train could cross. It commenced raining about 8.30 a. m. and continued through most of the day, clearing after dark but clouding up again at midnight. General Greggs cavalry forded the Nottoway deep ford nearly impassable for wagons, and then proceeded to Sussex Court-House and bivouacked for the night, according to my direction. The pontoon bridge, 140 feet long, was completed at 4.50 p. n., and Crawford's division went on and bivouacked at Sussex Court-House. Generals Griffin and Ayres the Nottoway between 2 and 4 p. m. and bivouacked there till 2 next morning. General Mott and the trains all crossed General Crawford and bivouacked on the right bank of the Nottoway.

On the morning of the 8th the line of march was taken up for Jarratt's Station. General Gregg led off at 4 a. m., followed by General Crawford. General Griffin began to cross the Nottoway at 2.30 a. m. (it raining heavily at the time), and was followed by Ayres. They were both over by 4.30 a. m., and the bridge was up and soon after daylight. General Mott took charge of the trains and followed immediately after General Ayres. The rain ceased about daylight, having so far caused no injury to the roads. I detailed three companies of cavalry to return from the Nottoway and carry back all the stragglers from the command. These were already numerous on account of

