
[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS HDQRS. FIFTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 65. December 13, 1864.

The command having return from its late expedition after accomplishing successfully its mission-the destruction of the Weldon railroad as far as Hicksford, making forced marches during six days and right in the most inclement weather-the major-general commanding considersit his duty to express to his division commanders-Brevet Major-General Gregg, commanding Second Cavalry Division; Brevet Major-Generals Griffin, Ayres, and Crawford, of the Fifth Corps, and Brevet Major-General Mott, commanding Third Division, Second Corps-his height appreciation and commendation of their performance of the instructions issued to their commands, with such especial praise as they may deem due to individuals in their divisions. The major-general commanding expresses his thanks to Brevet Brigadier-General Wainwright, chief of artillery, for his efficient management o f the artillery of the command; to Lieutenant Colonel A. L. Thomas, chief quartermasters, for the through manner in which he conducted the trains, and to Brevet Major Van Brocklin, Fiftieth New York Engineers, for his efficiency and promptness in the management of the pontoon train.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,January 28, 1865.

Colonel S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith, to accompany my report dated December 14, 1864, of the expedition to Hicksford, a map* showing the route taken, prepared with great care on a scale of five miles to an inch; also the following reports, the last one received, the of General Ayres, not being received till to-day, viz: That of Bvt. Brigadier General C. S. Wainwright, chief of artillery; that of Bvt. Major General S. W. Crawford, commanding Third Division, Fifth Army Corps; that of Bvt. Major General R. B. Ayres commanding Second Division, Fifth Army Corps; that of Bvt. Major General G. Mott, commanding Third Division, Second Army Corps; that of Bvt. Major General D. McM. Gregg, commanding cavalry division.+

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

---------------

* See p. 449.

+ These reports appear in their proper order.

---------------

