
August 18.-We fell back about one mile on the New Market road and remained until 7 p.m., when we moved out to support Gregg's cavalry, which was hard pressed by the enemy. At 11 p. m. we moved back to our former position on the New Market road and threw up breast-works.

August 20.-At 8 p. m. we recrossed the James and Appomattox and marched to our old camp near Petersburg.

August 21.-At 11.30 a. m. the brigade marched to near the Weldon railroad and bivouacked.

August 22.-We commenced destroying the railroad toward Reams' Station.

August 23.-Moved toward Reams' Station at 10.30 a. m.

August 24.-We continued to destroy the railroad three miles beyond Reams' Station, and bivouacked.

August 25.-About 2 p. m. the enemy made an attack on our breastworks and were repulsed. About 4 p. m. they attacked again and were repulsed likewise. The third attack of the enemy was made about 5 p. m., when they succeeded in forcing back the troops on our left, leaving our left flank exposed. For a time we were compelled to abandon our works. The brigade rallied, however, and recaptured the portion of the works occupied by it before the attack of the enemy. At 9 p. m. were ordered to fall back, which was done in good order, arriving near the Williams house at 10.30 p. m. bivouacked for the night.

August 26.-We threw up breast-works near the Williams house.

August 27.-At 9 p. m. we received orders to fall back to near our old position before Petersburg, where we remained in reserve for the rest of the month.

September 5.-About 6 p. m. we moved to the left to near Williams' house and built breast-works in the rear and left of the Ninth Army Corps.

September 8.-Returned to near Hancock's Station and encamped along the railroad.

September 16.-At 12 m. we moved out toward Reams' Station to support the cavalry.

September 17.-Returned about 2 p. m.

September 20.-At 8 p. m. we moved again out to near the Williams house.

September 23.-Returned to our camp near Hancock's Station.

September 25.-Moved to the right and relieved a portion of the Tenth Army Corps.

October 1.-The brigade moved to the left about one mile and a half, occupying the front line and inclosed works from Fort Meikel to the Appomattox, relieving that portion of the Second Division and aptly of the Third Division.

October 5.-We returned to our former position.

October 25.-We again moved to the left, occupying the front line and inclosed works from Fort Morton to the river.

October 31.-Was relieved by the Second Division and moved to near the Southall house.

November 1.-The brigade, in command of Colonel William Wilson, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, was relieved from the front line of works near Fort Stedman by the Second Division, Second Corps, and moved to the rear of line near Fort Bross; went into camp and commenced building quarters.

