
of cases occurred, presenting in their rapidly fatal course, as well as in the autopsic condition of the nervous centers, the usual phenomena of cerebro-spinal meningitis. The cases, however, were too few to more than attract attention by their novelty. They were observed to occur as a general rule in recent recruits. In other respects there was little to note during this period.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. RUSH SPENCER,

Surg., U. S. Vols., Lieutenant Colonel and Med. Director, Fifth Army Corps.

THOMAS A. McPARLIN,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel and Surgeon, U. S. Army,

Colonel and Medical Director, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 124. Report of Asst. Surg. Charles K. Winne, U. S. Army, Medical Inspector, of operations December 7-12.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December 16, 1864.

SIR: An expedition composed of Fifth Army Corps, four batteries, Third Division, Second Army Corps, General Gregg's cavalry, one battery, and a bridge equipage of canvas boats, having been ordered to move at daylight on December 7, the flying hospital of one medicine wagon complete and one hospital wagon for each brigade, with one-half the number of ambulances, accompanied the command. All the field companions and hospital knapsacks were directed to be filled, one hospital tent-fly to be carried in each ambulance, and the boxes to be supplied with hard bread, sugar, and coffee; while the hospital wagons carried stimulants, anodynes, dressings, blankets, hospital clothing, rations, and a certain number of hospital tents. All men unable to march were sent to the field hospitals, which remained intact, in charge of an assistant surgeon. December 7, the troops moved, the ambulances following their respective divisions, the flying hospital with train in rear, south of Yellow Tavern, Gurley and Temple houses, to Jerusalem plank road, then down the plank road to Hawkinsville, nineteen miles from Petersburg, where the troops were massed until the pontoon bridge was thrown across the Nottoway River at Freeman's Ford. A wagon having been overturned on the bridge, the crossing was so much retarded that it was dark before all had crossed, and the troops bivouacked on the south side of the river. A battalion of cavalry was detailed to collect all stragglers on the road north of the river, and take them to army headquarters; 850 were found, 450 belonging to Third Division, Second Corps, 400 belonging to Fifth Corps. It rained steadily the whole morning, commencing shortly after march commenced, but the soil being sandy, the march was but little retarded. Total march made, eighteen miles. December 8, broke camp at 3 a. m., marched through Sussex Court-House and Coman's Well to Northcross' house, on Halifax road, thirty miles from Petersburg, where the pontoon and other trains were parked. During the day the cavalry had

---------------

*For continuation of report, see XLVI, Part I.

---------------

