HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., October 29, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with orders from the commanding general, the First Division took the advance of the corps on the morning of the 27th instant. When it had followed the course indicated about four miles the advance met the enemy. The Second Brigade was formed in two lines in the woods on the left of the road-the One hundred and eighty-eight New York Battalion and Ninety-first Pennsylvania in the first line, and the One hundred and eighty-seventh New York Battalion and One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania in the second line. Skirmishers from the Ninety-first Pennsylvania were thrown out in front, and from the Ninety-first Pennsylvania were thrown out in front, and from the One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania, on the left flank. The brigade advanced under quite a lively fire from the enemy until it arrived within 100 to 200 yards of the enemy's works, when a portion of the line encountered the slashing of woods and were exposed to a sharp fire from the enemy in his works, which were found to be difficult to reach on account of the fallen timber and a strong abatis. A line was established here and temporary entrenchments thrown up. Later in the day, in obedience to orders of the commanding general, two regiments of the Third Brigade were sent to strengthen the left, connecting on the right with the Second Brigade and left resting on a creek. The rest of the Third Brigade was formed in line of battle in rear on the road crossed by the advance in the morning. The First Brigade was formed in line on the right of the road, midway between the Second and Third Brigades.

The enemy attempted an advance on the morning of October 28, just at daylight, but were promptly driven back to their works by the Second Brigade. During the forenoon of the 28th instant the Third Brigade covered the retirement of the corps without much loss, the enemy following only with cavalry; the First Division returning to its former camp near the Squirrel Level road.

The casualties during the movement were 22 killed, 170 wounded, 27 missing, as per report furnished this day. Many of the missing have since joined the command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Camp Before Petersburg, Va., December 15, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to the orders of the general commanding the corps, the First Division left its camp near the Jerusalem plank road at 7 a. m. the 7th instant, marched southward on the road a distance of fifteen miles, and halted at 3 p. m. near the Nottoway River, at Freeman's Bridge. Moved again at 2 a. m. the 8th instant, crossing the Nottoway River, passed Sussex Court-House and halted at 3 p. m. near the Nottoway, at the Weldon railroad crossing, having marched about eighteen miles. At 5.30 p. m. the division moved on the Weldon railroad about three miles north of Jarratt's Station, and effected the destruction of the road to that station by 12 p. m., when it bivouacked for the remainder of the night. At 9 a. m. the

