
November 3.-Colonel William Wilson, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, was relieved from command of the brigade by Byt. Brigadier General George N. Macy.

November 4.-The brigade, with the division, was reviewed by Brigadier General Nelson A. Miles.

November 5.-The division was reviewed by Major-General Hancock. In the evening we received orders to be ready to move; struck tents and moved shortly after dare, and took position in the ravine in rear of Fort Stedman, arriving there about 12 o'clock at night, and remaining there until November 16, when the Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers and One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers were moved in rear of the crest, a quarter of a mile farther back, and commenced building quarters.

November 28.-received orders to move; broke camp about 12 o'clock at night and marched to the rear line, near Fort Blaisdell.

November 29.-we halted at 4 a. m. and rested until 8 a. m., when we marched and came into our present camp, near Fort Welch, arriving at about 11 a. m., where we have since remained and commenced to build quarters.

December 9.-We received orders to be ready to march at 6.30 a.m.; started from camp at that time, and marched down the Vaughan road, precede by cavalry, which skirmished with the enemy until we reached Hatcher's Run, where the enemy were strongly intrenched on the south bank. The One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers had been deployed as skirmishers, and lost considerably in regard to the strength engaged, when the Second New York Artillery and two companies of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers were ordered to cross the stream, which they did in a very excellent style. They plunged in the water in spite of the extreme cold, crossed the run swimming, and on reaching the other bank dove by a gallant attack the enemy out of their works, and took possession of the same, notwithstanding the many obstacles which had obstructed their way. The Sixty-first New York Volunteers was then place on picket, and remained there until 2 p. m. of the 10th.

December 10.-We received orders to withdraw. While so doing the enemy attacked our line with vigor, but were driven back with slight loss on our part. We then marched back to our old camp, which was done in good order, and arrived there about dark, nothing of importance having occurred since that time.

Second Brigade, First Division.

November 1.-This brigade was reorganized, in compliance with Special Orders, 555, headquarters First Division, Second Army corps, Colonel Robert Nugent assuming command. Camp was formed and headquarters established in the field near the Smith house, where it remained until the 6th.

November 6.-The command moved to the left and rear of Fort Davis, near the Chieves house, where it was employed in drills and military instruction until the 28th.

November 28.-received orders to march to the left and relieve a portion of the Ninth Corps. This brigade moved and encamped in the rear of Fort Gregg, since which time it has been employed in picket duty.

[December.]-Since last report this brigade has remained in camp near Fort Gregg, engaged in drill and military instruction, having

