
9th instant escorted the wagon train to a point about five miles north of Hicksford, on the railroad, and destroyed one mile and a half more of the railroad. At 7 a. m. the 10th instant the division moved in charge of the wagon train, taking a road leading to Sussex Court-House, and halted near the place for the night, having marched a distance of twenty-one miles. At 7 a. m. the 11th instant moved with the pontoon train to the Nottoway River, at Freeman's Brigade, and, after the laying of the pontoon bridge, crossed the river and went into bivouac beside the Jerusalem road, about two miles from the left bank of the stream; distance marched, about eight miles. At 7 a. m. the 12th instant the division moved, and arrived in its present camp at 3 p., having marched a distance of thirteen miles.

There were no casualties in the First Brigade; in the Second Brigade, 15 men (stragglers) still missing; in the Third Brigade, 43 men (stragglers) still missing. Died, 1; legs broken, 2. Captain J. D. McNaughton, One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, is missing (Second Brigade). Total loss, 1 officer and 61 men. As the command were not at any time during the expedition engaged with the enemy, there are no other casualties to report.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Byt. Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Fifth Army Corps.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William A. Throop, First Michigan Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 17-27.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,White House, Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, August 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Brigade from the 17th instant to present date:

On the morning of the 18th, at 4 o'clock, the brigade, consisting of the One hundred and twenty-first, One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and forty-third, One hundred and forty-ninth, One hundred and fiftieth, and One hundred and eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, broke camp and marched from near Fort Warren, via the Jerusalem plank road, south and west toward the petersburg and Weldon Railroad. This brigade led the advance, and when within three-fourths of a mile of the railroad formed in two lines, the One hundred and forty-ninth and One hundred and eighty-seventh Regiments in the first and the One hundred and twenty-first, One hundred and forty-second, and One hundred and forty-third Regiments in the second line, with the One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania volunteers, under command of Major G. W. Jones, deployed as skirmishers, covering the brigade. Soon after commencing the advance the pickets of the enemy were encountered and driven rapidly back, the One hundred and fiftieth taking 15 to 20 prisoners and wounding 2. No further opposition was met, the enemy having been completely surprised, and the skirmishers advanced rapidly across the railroad about 500 yards, where they halted parallel to the railroad, and the One hundred and eighty-seventh and the One hundred and forty-ninth Regiments at once commenced the destruction

