
Numbers 129. Report of Colonel Horatio G. Sickel, One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations September 30 and October 27.
HDQRS. 198TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,November 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Agreeably to the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 55, headquarters Fifth Army Corps, dated November 8, 1864, I have the honor to report that this regiment was held in readiness on the field and participated as follows: Battle Numbers 37, Peeble's farm, September 30, 1864, held in readiness under the command of Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Murray, the brigade on both these occasions (consisting of this regiment and the One hundred and eighty-fifth New York Volunteers) being commanded by me.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

H. G. SICKEL,

Colonel, Commanding 198th Pennsylvania volunteers.

Captain JOHN E. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 130. Report of Captain Nathaniel Lang, One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 18.
HDQRS. 121ST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers in the operations on the 18th instant:

The regiment broke camp at 4 a. m. and took up the line of march in a southerly direction, crossing a branch of the Blackwater River. When within two miles of the petersburg and Weldon Railroad we formed line of battle, advanced, drove in the enemy's pickets, and gained possession of the railroad about two miles and a half from Petersburg and near Reams' Station. We assisted immediately in the destruction of the road, and then moved to the left and joined the balance of the brigade. We were subjected to a severe shelling from one of the enemy's batteries for about an hour and a half, and toward evening we three up temporary works and bivouacked behind them for the night. No casualties during the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHANIEL LAND,

Campaign, Commanding 121st Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain JOHN E. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

