
Numbers 131. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Horatio N. Warren, One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 18-27.
HDQRS. 142nd REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 27, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and forty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the operations on the Weldon railroad from the 18th to the present date:

Broke camp near Fort Warren at an early hour on the 18th and marched in the direction of the Weldon railroad. At about 9 a. m. the brigade was forming in two lines about three-quarters of a mile from the railroad and advanced to the railroad, encountering only a few rebel pickets, who fled after exchanging a few shots with our skirmishers. After reaching the railroad the second line of our brigade, of which my regiment composed a part, was, by direction of Colonel Tilton, formed at right angles and across the railroad and advanced toward petersburg about one-third of a mile. halted here and threw out skirmishers or vedettes. After a short rest this line was relieved by a brigade commanded by General Hayes, which was advanced some distance beyond our brigade, I commenced the destruction of the railroad with the One hundred and forty-second and One hundred and twenty-first Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers, and turned the track over twice for about one-third of a mile. We then formed in line on the right of the brigade, right resting on the railroad. About dark we changed front, and the brigade was formed in line on the west side of the railroad and commenced throwing up breast-works. August 19, finished our works, and at 4 p. m. was withdrawn and went to support the Second Division of our corps. Advanced in line into the woods and remained there during the night, under an annoying picket-fire from the enemy. august 20, was withdrawn and occupied our former works along the railroad. August 21, occupied our works. During the attack could not fire from our works, being covered by the Fourth Division. The left of our brigade could fire without endangering our own men. At night moved to the left of our division and built works. August 22 to 27, occupied our works, strengthening them each day.

Respectfully submitted.

H. N. WARREN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN E. PARSONS,

Asst. Adjt. General First Brigadier, First Div., Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 132. Report of Captain Chester K. Hughes, One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 18-28.
HEADQUARTERS 143rd PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, the following as the part played by the One hundred and

