
forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers in the operations of the First Division, Fifth Army Corps, from August 18 to the present date:

One the morning of the 18th, at 4 a. m., we broke camp in rear of the line of earth-works, confronting the enemy at Petersburg, Va., and marched to the left down the Jerusalem plank road to where the Vaughan wagon road intersects the plank road, when we filed to the right, and after a short march formed line of battle, and advanced upon the Weldon railroad. We composed a part of the second line, and struck the railroad near the Yellow House. marched down the railroad in direction of Petersburg a short distance and formed line, and struck the railroad near the yellow House. Marched down the railroad in direction of Petersburg a short distance and formed line, the right resting near and to the left of the railroad. Toward 4 o'clock, the enemy engaged a part of the corps, which had taken the lead; but, notwithstanding our being in line, we did not become engaged. At dusk we countermarched, filing to the left, and formed a new line, diagonally to the one first assumed. Friday morning, 19th, we threw up earthworks, which we occupied until 5 p. m., when the enemy made a furious assault one the right of the corps line. We were right-faced, obliquing across the railroad, and took position in rear of some batteries that were engaged. In this maneuver we lost 2 men wounded. We remained in this position until dusk, when we advanced in line to the extreme front, relieving a part of the regular brigade. That night we strengthened earth-works and felled trees for abatis. Picket-firing was briskly kept up. Saturday we were withdrawn, and resumed the position of Friday morning; the day was quit. Sunday, at 9 o'clock, the enemy made his appearance in our front, and of the pickets out from the regiment we lost (supposed to be captured) 1 second lieutenant, 1 sergeant, and 15 privates. In the engagement that ensued we took a part, and as far as in us lay the power, helped to win the victory that Providence vouchsafed to our arms. At about 12 m. we marched to the left and took up position, covering an approach upon that flank. We hold nearly the same position upon the left at the present time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. K. HUGHES,

Captain, Commanding 143rd Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain JOHN E. PARSONS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 133. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Irvin, One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 18-21.
HEADQUARTERS 149TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 28, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and forth-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers since the 18th instant, viz:

On the morning of the 18th instant we left our camp near Forth Warren, and marched south on the plank road for the distance of nearly three miles, and then changed our course to the west. When within a mile of the Weldon railroad we formed line of battle, my regiment taking position on the right of the first line of the brigade, and moved forward

