
ward, deriving the enemy's pickets in and taking possession of the road, and at once commenced tearing it up, occupying us until near night, when we went into position in front of the railroad, threw up entrenchments, and remained for the night. On the 19th instant we were moved up in support of the Second Division, and lay in position during the night. On the 20th instant we were ordered back to the position we occupied the day previous. At about 9 a. m. of the 21st instant the enemy attacked us in front, but were soon repulsed, punishing them severely. In the evening we were moved to the left, and put in the position we now occupy.

The casualties were 2 killed, 5 wounded, and 21 enlisted men missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JOHN IRVIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding.

Captain JOHN E. PARSONS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 134. Report of Major George W. Jones, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 18-21.
HDQRS. 150TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 27, 1864.

In compliance with circular from First Brigade, First Division, Fifth Army Corps headquarters, of the present date, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the recent operations since the 18th of the present mont:

Broke camp on the morning of the 18th; marched to the vicinity of the Gurley house, where I deployed my regiment as skirmishers under order from Colonel Tilton, commanding brigade, and moved forward. Had not advanced but a short distance until I encountered the enemy's pickets, who I succeeded in deriving in, capturing 15 or 20 and wounding 2 of them. Continued advancing without position until about 500 yards beyond the railroad, where I formed a line parallel with the railroad, my right connecting with the maryland Brigade, of the Second Division, and my left with the Thirty-second Massachusetts. remained on picket until 3 p. m. of the 19th, when I was relieved and ordered to join the brigade in the works about two hours the brigade was ordered to the support of the Second Division, I taking my position in the line; remained under arms until about 11 a. m. of the 20th, when we were ordered to our old position in the works. Participated in the repulse of the enemy on the morning of the 21st, and in the evening was moved to our present position, and constructed the works we now occupy.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. W. JONES,

Major 150th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN E. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

30 R R-VOL WLII, PT I

