
Numbers 135. Report of Captain Joseph A. Ege, One hundred and eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations august 18-27.
HEADQUARTERS 187TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the part taken by the One hundred and eighty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania volunteers in the recent engagement on or near the Weldon railroad, in pursuance to circular order form brigade headquarters, dated August 27, 1864;

First. August 18, 1864, the regiment, in connection with the remainder of the First Brigade, First Division, advanced in line of battle on the Weldon railroad; encountered a small force of the enemy, who retired before us precipitately, leaving the railroad in our possession about noon. In the evening of the same day the regiment formed part of a new line established under fire near Yellow House. This position was held until morning.

Second. August 19,4 p. m., the regiment, in pursuance to orders forms part of a reserve line in rear of the Second Division, Fifth Corps. The regiment advances in line of battle, and occupies the advance line on the left of the Ninth Corps until 3 p. m. next (20th) day, when we were relieved and occupy works in front of Yellow House.

Third. August 21, the enemy attack in our immediate front, first opening artillery, then advancing his infantry. We had a chance to use small-arms with considerable effect, and succeeded in capturing quite a number of prisoners. Our low, 3 killed, 6 wounded, and 6 missing. Since this date the regiment has been occupying works near Weldon railroad in its present position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. EGE,

Captain, Commanding 187th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain JOHN E. PARSONS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., Fifth Corps.

Numbers 136. Report of Colonel Edgar M. Gregory, Ninety-first Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second brigade, of operations August 18-30.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH CORPS,Camp on the Weldon Railroad, Near Petersburg, Va.,

August 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Circular Numbers 120, from corps headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following statement of the operations of this command, commencing the 18th instant:

The command broke camp at daylight on the 18th instant, and at 7 road, following the said road about two miles, where, striking a country road leading to or near the Yellow House, and following the said road for about one mile, a halt was ordered, and the brigade deployed in line of battle, about one mile and a half from the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad. The enemy made no attempt to resist our advance on the road, either because they were not apprised of our movements or had no force at hand to justify the attempt. On reaching the railroad a portion of the troops proceeded to destroy the track by tearing up the rails and

