
tie, while other portions of the command proceeded to erect breastworks for the defense of the brigade. The casualties on that day were small, but two wounded. From the 18th to the 21st the enemy made an attack on our front and flank, but were easily repulsed, leaving their dead on the field. Our loss in the brigade was very light, we having but 5 men killed, 2 commissioned officers and 9 enlisted men wounded, and 3 enlisted men missing.

I have to regret the loss of one of my aides, Lieutenant Robert F. Bourne, of the Twenty-second Massachusetts Regiment, who was severely wounded in the leg, while in the discharge of his duty.

Since the action of the 21st instant the command has not been engaged, but has remained undisturbed in camp up the present date.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. GREGORY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. S. DAVIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 137. Report of Colonel James Gwyn, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations August 18-29.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,August 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the operations since the 18th instant:

At 5 a. m. on the morning of the 18th instant the brigade took up line of march in the direction of the Weldon railroad, marching about five miles; formed the third line of battle in support of the First and Second Brigades. At 3 p. m. moved to the support of the Third Division, which was engaged with the enemy on the right of the railroad. The brigade was then order by the general commanding division to move to the left of the railroad and erect beast-works covering the road to the left of the Telegraph road. On the 19th the brigade was engaged in strengthening the breast-works, and at 4 p. m. moved along the line of railroad to the support of the Second Division, commanded by General Ayres, which was engaged. At 7 p. m. the brigade was ordered to return to the position it previously held, where it remained till the morning of the 21st, when, about 9 a. m., it was attacked by the enemy, who were repulsed, the brigade capturing about 60 prisoners and 1 battle-flag belonging to the Twenty-seventh South Carolina Regiment. The latter was captured by Private F. C. Anderson, Eighteenth massachusetts Battalion.

In this engagement the brigade suffered a loss of 1 killed, 9 wounded, and 41 missing; 24 of the enemy's dead were buried by this brigade.

Since the 21st the brigade has remained in the position held on that day, engaged in performing the usual camp and picket duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES GWYN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. S. DAVIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

