
Numbers 138. Report of Captain Joseph F. Land, Twentieth Maine Infantry, of operations August 18-28.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,August 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by this command in the operations since the 18th instant:

On the 18th of august the regiment broke camp and moved with the brigade to the Weldon railroad; threw up earth-works on the westerly side of the road, near the yellow House. On the afternoon of the 19th moved to the right in support and returned. On Sunday, the 21st, assisted in repelling the attack of the enemy; suffered no loss. A small number of prisoners were brought in by the picket. Since then the regiment has remained encamped behind earth-works.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH F. LAND,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. H. HAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 139. Report of Captain Luther S. Bent, Eighteenth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations August 18-27.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTALION,August 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In complicate with circular from Fifth Corps headquarters of this date, I have the honor to report the part taken by this command from the 18th instant to this date.

18th, broke camp; marched to Weldon railroad; supported Second Brigade in taking possession of railroad. In afternoon supported Second Division in repulsing attack from the enemy. In evening threw up breast-works west of railroad, our position being on right of brigade. 19th, in afternoon supported Second Division in repulsing an attack from the enemy. 20th, remained in works, furnishing details for fatigue and picket duty. 21st, engaged the enemy's right, Hagood's brigade, who attacked; repulsed him, capturing 50 prisoners and a battle-flag belonging to the Twenty-seventh South Carolina Regiment. In afternoon buried 8 of their dead. 22nd, remained in camp, furnishing details for fatigue and picket duty. 23rd to 27th, the same.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUTHER S. BENT,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHARLES H. HAND,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., Fifth Corps.

