
Numbers 140. Report of Major George C. Hopper, First Michigan Infantry, of operations August 18-28.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MICHIGAN VETERAN INFANTRY,August 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters dated August 27, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late movement commencing August 18, 1864:

About 6 a. m. of the 18th we took up our line of march for this place with the brigade, where we arrived at 12 m. We halted and rested in line of battle in rear of the Six-Mile House until 3 p. m., when we moved to the support of the Third Division of this corps, which was engaged with the enemy on the right of the railroad. From thence we moved to the left of the railroad, nearly in front of the Sixth hence we moved to the left of the railroad, nearly in front of the Six-Mile House, and proceeded to erect breast-works, after which we bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 19th we strengthened our works, and sent our a fatigue party, and slashed a large amount of timber in our front. About 4 p. m. we again moved from our position along the line of railroad to the support of General Ayres' division (Second), which were having a severe battle with the enemy. At night we were again moved back to our breast-works. There was some skirmishing by our pickets, but up to this time the regiment met with no loss. The 20th we remained quiet in camp, but on the morning of the 21st we were under arms at daybreak, and at 9 a. m. we were attacked by the enemy, who, after a short and severe fight, were hand-sorely repulsed. From the 21st hill the present time we have taken part in no engagement, but have had large details doing fatigue and picket duty.

Our casualties during the movement were 2 enlisted men wounded and 4 missing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. HOPPER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. H. HAND,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., Fifth Corps.

Numbers 141. Report of Colonel Norval. E. Welch, Sixteenth Michigan Infantry, of operations August 18-28.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY VET. VOLS.,In the Trenches on the Weldon R. R., Va., August 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment since the 18th instant:

On the morning of the 18th, at 4 o'clock, the regiment, Colonel N. E. Welch commanding, moved from camp near Norfolk railroad, and took up the line of march toward the Weldon railroad; arrived on the railroad about 8 a. m., and went into battle line on the right of the Yellow House. In the afternoon moved into position parallel with the railroad

