
brigade and battalion drills as often as weather and other circumstance would permit. This brigade was paraded to witness the execution of deserters on the 16th, 23d, and 30th of the month, and have furnished daily details for picket.

Third Brigade, First Division.

November 5.-Moved a portion of the brigade to the support of Fort Rice, on the front line of works.

November 30.-This brigade moved with the division to relieve the Ninth Army Corps. During the month the brigade garrisoned Forts Bross, Blaisdell, Patrick Kelly, and Stevenson.

December 9.-Broke camp, leaving the Fifty-seventh and One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers behind, and moved with the division to Hatcher's Run. The brigade wa kept in reserve and on the right of the position. The advance of the division crossed Hatcher's Run, skirmishing with the enemy.

December 10.-In the afternoon we returned to our original encampment, skirmishing with the enemy as we retired, the brigade covering the rear of the division; still in camp, the brigade being in reserve to the remainder of the division.

Consolidated Brigade, First Division.

August 12.-In compliance with orders from division headquarters this command broke camp at 4.30 p. m. and marched to City Point, remaining there all night.

August 13.-At 11.30 a. m. embarked aboard transports, dropping down the river a few miles, and remained at anchor until midnight, when we were ordered to Deep Bottom.

August 14.-We debarked at Deep Bottom at 6 a. m. At 12 m. formed line of battle near the New Market road. Engaged with the enemy immediately after forming line, fighting until late in the evening, when the brigade was withdrawn, after capturing a portion of the enemy's works.

August 15.-Early in the morning the command was ordered to the right of the line, which movement was executed. Being in support, the brigade lay encamped until 8 p. m. of the 20th, when it marched across the James and Appomattox Rivers to its former position in front of Petersburg.

August 21.-At 11 a. m. it was ordered to the left of the Fifth Corps, on the Weldon railroad.

August 23.-At 8 p. m. was ordered to move on the railroad and destroy the track, which was done, in conduction with a detachment of cavalry, as far as Reams' Station. The brigade occupied a part of the old works thrown up by the Sixth Corps that night.

August 24.-Proceeded early to destroy the track south of the station. At dusk moved back to Reams' Station, occupying a portion of the works parallel to the railroad until 10 a. m. the next day.

August 25.-Our skirmishers were attacked by the enemy; the engagement soon became general, the enemy charging three times, each charge being signally defeated. About 5 p. m. he charge in over-whiling force, and finding the enemy had turned both flanks the brigade was force, and finding the enemy had turned both flanks, the brigade was forced to retire, losing a number of prisoners. The brigade soon rallied, and attacking the enemy in turn recaptured a large por-

