
and constructed a line of breast-works. On the afternoon of the 19th moved to the right as support to the Second Division, but did not become engaged; returning in the evening in the evening, moved back to position in the works, where the regiment has since remained.

During the engagement of the 21st the regiment lost 6 men wounded, and had 13 missing, though no actually engaged.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. E. WELCH,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant CHARLES H. HAND,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 5th Army Corps.

Numbers 142. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Freeman Conner, Forty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations August 18-27.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations since the 18th:

On the morning of the 18th we left our camp, in compliance with orders from headquarters Third Brigade, being seventh regiment in line. In the afternoon we were ordered into position west of the railroad, with orders to intrench. We remained here until about 4 p. m. 19th, when we were moved to the right on double-quick. When nearly opposite corps headquarters we were ordered into the rifle-pits, we returned to our former position. The regiment was not engaged on the 21st, but four privates on picket are missing. I would expressly mention Privates Alfred Bermister, Company F, and James Watson, Company K, who were on picket and alone brought in and received a receipt for 23 prisoners. August 26, we were ordered to the left about 200 yards, which position we now occupy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. CONNER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Forty-fourth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant CHARLES H. HAND,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 143. Report of Lieutenant Colonel De Witt C. McCoy, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 18-27.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Third Brigade, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this command in the operations on the Weldon railroad:

On the morning of the 18th instant we broke camp at 5 a. m. and marched down the Jerusalem plank road from two to three miles,

