
there striking a road to the right, leading to the railroad. We advance in line of battle, supporting the First and Second Brigades. Reached the railroad about 10 a. m. Moved down the road to rear of Yellow House; halted some five hours. At 4 p. m. the enemy attacked the Second, third, and Fourth Divisions. We advanced in line of battle to their support. Not being needed we moved by the flank up the road, and took position on the extreme left of the corps; throwing up breast-works, bivouacked for the night. 19th and 20th, in the same position. 21st, the enemy attacked the Fourth Division. We occupied our line of works, where we now remain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. MCCOY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant HAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 144. Report of Bvt. Major General Romeyn B. Ayres, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations August 18-21 and December 7-12.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Weldin Railroad, Va., September 3, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the operations of this division on the 18th, 19th, and 21st of August, 1864, along the Weldon railroad:

The division took the advance along the road after reaching it, the First and Second Brigades forming the line of battle near the Black house, the Fifteenth New York Heavy artillery in support. It was then advanced about 1,100 yards, when the skirmishers began to engage those of the enemy. The enemy also opened with artillery. The division advanced about 100 yards into a dense woods. Soon after reaching the front edge of the woods the enemy's line of battle struck mine, outflanking it. I have been informed that the brigade commanders (one has since been killed and the other captured) at this time gave the order to fall back. This was done for about 100 yards. I threw forward the Fifteenth New York into line and the two brigades were formed on it. The second was in some confusion on arriving upon this new line, but were rallied and soon engaged the enemy. The enemy after persistent efforts was repulsed, leaving his dead in our had. During the engagement I deemed it advisable to re-enforce my left. This was furnished promptly, Colonel Hofmann's brigade, of General Culter's division, being sent to me for that purpose. A short time after this the engagement was over. After the first flush the division behaved handsomely. The Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery was steady and cool. Colonel Hofmann's brigade moved as on drill. During the night rifle-pits were constructed along my front, which was disposed as follows, viz: The First Brigade on the right of the railroad; on the left the Fifteenth New York Artillery; then Hormann's brigade; the Maryland Brigade being on the left, curving to the rear.

In the afternoon of the 19th the enemy attacked in two divisions-one on my front, one to my right. The division which attacked my front was repulsed and a color captured. The enemy broke through several hundred yards to the right of my division and immediately

