
wheeled to the right and swept down our rifle-pits; as they swung around they struck the right of my first line, carrying away General hayes, his assistant adjutant-general, and about 250 of his men. To prevent a continuance of this I drew back a portion of my command, forming in line on the rising ground to the rear with the batteries. As soon as circumstances rendered it proper I ordered my troops forward, reoccupying my line, taking some rebel wounded, and releasing some of my men. About ten minutes after the enemy attacked my front again and was repulsed; he shortly after the enemy attacked my front again and was repulsed. After the first of these two attacks had progressed a time, I asked for 500 men to re-enforce the right of my front. The One hundred and eighty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, of Tilton's brigade, Griffin's division, was given, and moved rapidly up in line of battle. This regiment performed its duty handsomely. In the last attack I considered it judicious to again re-enforce the right of my front; the remainder of Tilton's brigade was immediately furnished and moved forward in food time to assist in repulsing the last attack. It performed its duty well. During the night and next day the division occupied this line.

During the night of the 20th the division was occupied in throwing down the works, slashing in front, and building a new line on the crest of the rising ground in the rear. At 2 a. m. of the 21st the division was drawn back to this new line. Early in the morning the enemy commenced pushing the pickets, and at about 8.30 a. m. opened with a heavy artillery fire (say forty pieces) on the front along the railroad and also from a position on the Vaughan road, crossing the fire at right angles over our position. Shortly after a heavy force of infantry attacked from the Vaughan road at right angles to the railroad. This attack, well to my left, was easily and splendidly repulsed, several hundred prisoners and a number of colors captured.

My brigade commanders performed their duties with zeal and ability during all these operations. Brigadier-General Hayes, First Brigade, was captured as described above, whilst in the faithful and vigilant discharge of his duties. Colonel Dushane has ever been gallant and zealous, and hi is a serious loss to the service. Colonel Hofmann, since serving in my command, has shown himself an able soldier. Colonel Fred. Winthrop, Fifth New York Veteran Volunteers, succeeded General Hayes in the battle of the 19th, and, as is always the case with him, acquitted himself in the most gallant manner. Colonel Graham, Purnell Legion, Maryland Volunteers, shows that the Second Brigade has fallen into competent had. Captain A. P. Martin, Third Massachusetts Battery, chief of artillery of the division, performed the functions of his office with his accustomed ability. Captain Hart, Fifteenth New York Independent Battery, and Lieutenant Van Reed, Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, served their batteries with distinction on the 21st, the principal service being on that day. Lieutenant Walcott, Third Massachusetts Battery, and Lieutenant Rogers, Battery B, First New York Artillery, on the 18th and 21sth served their batteries gallantly.

My thanks are cordially given to the officers serving on my staff during these engagements. i name them in the order of their rank. Captain R. F. O'Beirne, Fourteenth Infantry, assistant provost-marshal, wounded on the 19th instant. Captain Carswell McClellan, General Culter's staff, offered me his assistance on the 19th instant, which was gladly accepted, and was very efficient. He was, unfortunately, captured after dark while visiting the pickets on the Vaughan road. Lieutenant George L. Choisy, Fourteenth Infantry, aide-de-camp, acting assistant

