
adjutant-general, displayed his usual gallantry. Lieutenant C. McKibbin, Fourteenth Infantry, temporarily serving on my staff, was severely wounded. Lieutenant M. H. Stacey, battalion quartermaster, Twelfth Infantry, were diligent and prompt in conveying orders and information.

I respectfully refer to the report of brigade and regimental commanders for greater details of the conduct of their commands. Those reports with the nominal of casualties will be forwarded as soon as completed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T.. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,January 28, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that my command broke camp early on the morning of the 7th ultimo, the Second Brigade being detached to escort the corps trains, and the other two brigades immediately moving down the Jerusalem plank road toward Sussex Court-House, reaching the Nottoway River in the evening, and bivouacking until 3 a. m. of the 8th near its bank. At this time the Second Brigade reported to me, and my whole command crossed the river and pushed rapidly on, via Sussex Court-House, to within a mile of the Weldon railroad. Halted for several hours. Advanced at 6 p. m. to the railroad, striking it near a bridge over the Nottoway (at this time in ruins by the operations of the cavalry), and, finding no enemy upon the opposite bank, immediately began to destroy the railroad, working until midnight. On the 9th resumed work, continuing until evening, crossing Three-Mile Creek, destroying about 1,000 yards beyond. In all, the division destroyed about seven miles and a half of track. The 10th, 11th, and 12th were spent in a trying march home, arriving in camp about 3 p. m. I have already forwarded a list of casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

Byt. Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 145. Statement of brig. Genh. Joseph Hayes, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 18-19.

[General Hayes' statement was transmitted to General U. S. Grant November 26, 1867, and is on file in the office of the Adjutant-General of the Army. Not having been made within a reasonable time subsequent to occurrences which it narrates (decision of the Secretary of War of December 6, 1876), and not being regarded as "contemporaneous official records of the war of the rebellion" under the act of Congress, approved October 2, 1888, it is here omitted.]

