
division, to move forward rapidly and endeavor to retake our old line of works. This was promptly and successfully accomplished, the command acting with great spirit. About 7.30 p. m. the enemy attacked my line on the right of the railroad, but were handsomely repulsed. Again they attempted to force my position, but with no better success. Finding that my troops were becoming very much exhausted, I sent for re-enforcements to make sure of my position. I had scarcely sent my message when General ayres sent me the One hundred and eighty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by Captain J. A. Ege, and belonging to the First Brigade, First Division. I at once ordered them to move up to the front line of works occupied by my command, and to form on the right of the Fifth New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry, which they did in magnificent style, and soon became actively engaged. At 8.30 p. m. the enemy withdraw and quiet reigned along my lines. At 10 p. m. the Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Fourteenth, and Seventeenth Regiments U. S. Infantry and the Fifth new York Veteran Volunteer Infantry were relieved by the first Brigade, First Division, of this corps, commanded by Colonel Tilton,and took up position for the night in the second line of works. the One hundred and fortieth and One hundred and forty-sixth were formed on the left of the railroad, a little to the rear of the front line on the right of the railroad, where they remained during the night.

On the morning of the 20th the Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery, major Eiche commanding, was temporarily assigned to my command. Nothing of many moment occurred during the day of the 20th. On the evening of the 20th the brigade was busily engaged in tearing down their breast-works and slashing timber in their front, preparatory to falling back to a new position selected for the command about 700 yards to the rear, on the crest of a gentle slope in the large open field north of the Yellow House. At 2.30 of the 21st the brigade retired to this new position, where it at present remains. At 7.30 a. m. on the opening briskly at the same time with artillery in my front. The brigade was here subjected to a most deadly cross-fire of artillery, but, as usual, fully sustained its old reputation for calmness and steadiness. The enemy's skirmishers and sharpshooters, located in the edge of the woods to my immediate front, and who were annoying our artillery by their fire.

I inclose herewith the reports of my regimental commanders, to which I beg the attention of the brigadier-general commanding.

In summing up this report, while awarding great praise to all and every one of my regimental commanders, I cannot but mention the name of Captain J. S. Fletcher, jr., commanding the Eleventh Infantry, for the skill and calmness with which he maneuvered his regiment, although for a long time the only officer remaining with which he maneuvered his regiment, although for a log time the only officer remaining with it. I beg also to call the attention of the brigadier-general commanding to the gallant conduct of Lieutenant Thieman, of the Twelfth Infantry, in the engagements of the 28th and 19th, more especially that of the 19th. Surrounded on all sides by the enemy, Lieutenant Theiman succeed in cutting his way through, bearing away with him the colors of his regiment, and eliciting by his heroic conduct the admiration and praise of every member of the command. I earnestly beg that his distinguished services on that day may be rewarded by the brevet rank of captain in the U. S. Army, to which I consider he is so justly entitled.

