
The staff of Brigadier-General Hayes were conspicuous for their gallantry, and deserve great credit for their exertion on the field. Lieutenant Brady, Fourteenth Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general, as I before mentioned, was captured on the 19th. Lieutenant Perry, Fourteenth Infantry, acting aide-de-camp, was wounded in two places while delivering an order on the 18th to the commanding officer and an ornament to his profession. Lieutenant Broatch, Tenth Infantry, I retained with me when I assumed command of the brigade, appointing him my assistant adjutant-general. Lieutenant Theiman, Twelfth Infantry, and Lieutenant Diehl, Fifteenth new York Heavy Artillery, acted as my aides on the 20th and 21st, and rendered me most able assistance.

On the afternoon of the 21st of August Colonel Charles P. Stone, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, reported for duty and assumed command of the brigade.

I have the honor to remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. WINTHROP,

Colonel Fifth New York Vet. Vol. Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. W. SWAN,

Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,October 10, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 8th instant, agreeably to instructions from division headquarters, I moved out the Twelfth Infantry, and Fifth, One hundred and fortieth, and One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, numbering in all about 800 men, to support the picket-line of the division in its advance upon the enemy. I advanced with these four regiments along the vaughan road until I reached the position originally occupied by my pickets, located at the edge of the woods overlooking the W. W. Davis house, my pickets having in the meantime advanced. Here I deployed the Twelfth Infantry and One hundred and fortieth new York Volunteers on the left of the road and Fifth New York Veteran volunteers on the right, leaving the One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers a short distance to the rear, to be put in where circumstances might call it. My own pickets in the advance drove those of the enemy without much difficulty and gained the enemy's rifle-pits, about sixty yards beyond the W. W. Davis house, where they remained until evening, when they were withdrawn to their former position. At 5 o'clock in the afternoon, having received the order, I returned to camp with my command.

During this advance I had 1 private of the Twelfth U. S. Infantry and 1 private of the Fifteenth new York heavy Artillery wounded.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. WINTHROP,

Colonel Fifth New York Veteran Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel C. E. LA MOTTE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

