HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this command, consisting of the Fifth, One hundred and fortieth, and One hundred and forty-sixth New York State Volunteers and the Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery, broke camp early on the morning of the 7th of December and moved down the jerusalem plank road in the direction of Sussex Court-House. On the evening of the 7th arrived at the nottoway River, bivouacked near its banks until 3 a. m., and then crossed the river on pontoons, making rapidly for the Court-House, which we reached about-a. m. The command then pushed on toward the Weldon railroad so as to strike it near the bridge over the Nottoway. At about 6 p. m., after resting for two or three hours, we arrived near that point. Gregg's cavalry had in the meantime, after considerable skirmishing were to destroy the railroad from the bridge, and my instructions were to destroy the railroad from the bridge southward to a point about half a mile from it. Supposing that the enemy might still occupy the opposite bank of the river and molest us in our work, I deployed the Once hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers across the railroad and advanced them rapidly up to the bridge, without, however, meeting with any resistance. The command at once set to work destroying the road and continued at their occupation until a little after midnight, when it bivouacked until the following morning. During the 9th the command was busily engaged in destroying the road, and at 7 p. m. crossed Three Creek and destroyed about three-eighths of a mile in the direction of Belfield. Early on the morning of the 10th we commenced our homeward trip, and after most severe and trying marches, over miserable roads and through mud and rain, the brigade reached their present camp about sundown of the 12th of December, 1864.

I inclose list of casualties; most of these men I am led to believe will eventually rejoin their commands.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

FRED. WINTHROP,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Byt. Captain E. T. YARDLEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 147. Report of Major James Grindlay, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations September 30-October 3.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,October 3, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to furnish the following report of operations of the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, from the 30th day of September, 1864, to the 3rd day of October, 1864:

On the morning of the 30th of September, 1864, the brigade, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Otis, One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers, marched to the west of the Weldon railroad, halting about two hours in line of battle on the Vaughan road. The One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers advanced farther

