
on the same road to support the cavalry detachment there posted, where they remained all day. In the evening they rejoined the brigade, and took up position in a redoubt, from which the enemy had been driven be the First Division, Fifth Army Corps. The brigade took up a line of battle in the following order from right to left: The Twelfth and Fourteenth U. S. Infantry on the right of the redoubt; the Fifth and One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers in the redoubt; the Eleventh U. S. Infantry and Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery on the left, and threw up breast-works. During the evening the Tenth and Twelfth U. S. Infantry were advanced as pickets in our front, and were relieved about 8 a. m. October 1, 1864, by the Seventeenth U. S. Infantry and the One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers. When relieved and about to resume their places on the line, the enemy, advancing, attacked the pickets, when brisk firing commenced. Lieutenant Schwan, commanding Tenth U. S. Infantry, immediately deployed his men and gallantly advanced to assist the new picket-line, but the enemy advancing in two lines of battle the skirmish line fell back to the main line in good order, keeping up a sharp fire on the enemy. The enemy continued to advance and charged our line, but were gallantly repulsed, and, owing to the well-directed fire from our line, fell fortieth New York Volunteers, commanding brigade, was at this time kept up the remainder of the day. Our picket-line was again advanced under the direction of Lieutenant Thieman, brigade inspector, during the enemy's sharpshooters from the woods and houses in our front.

On the 2nd day of October, 1864, the Fifth and One hundred and fortieth new York Volunteers were advanced in support of the maryland Brigade sent out on a reconnaissance bout one mile in advance, and remained a few hours, when they were withdrawn to the main firth-sixth New York Volunteers were withdrawn and took up a new position about 400 yards in rear of the old line and built breast-works. The rest of the brigade was then placed in reserve. Orders were given to Lieutenant J. B. Sinclair, commanding Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, to burn 4 a. m. on the 2nd of October, 1864. Nothing of any importance transpired during the rest of the day. October 3, 1864, about 2 p. m., the brigade in compliance with orders, marched to the Flowers house, relieved General Bragg's brigade, of the Third Division, where it took up position and has remained ever since.

The regimental commanders one and all performed their duties well, and fully sustained the reputation of the brigade. To Lieutenants Broatch, Thieman, and Hazzard, composing the staff of this brigade, I am indebted for valuable assistance. During the operations they discharged their varied duties with diligence and ability.

I inclose the reports of the regimental commanders, to which I respectfully call the attention of the general commanding.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES GRINDLAY,

Major 146th New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel C. E. LA MOTTE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

