
Numbers 148. Report of Major James Grindlay, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Infantry, of operations December 7-12.
HEADQUARTERS 146TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,December 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor, in compliance with orders, to report that this command broke camp on the morning of the 7th of December, 1864, at 5 o'clock, and marched with the brigade toward the Nottoway River. One the evening of December 8 it was engaged in destroying the Weldon railroad, also during December 9; reaching Three Creeks, it encamped for the night. December 10 it retraced its steps, reaching its present camp December 12. During the raid 3 men were missing, but supposed to be in our lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. GRINDLAY,

Major 146th New York Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, 1ST Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS.

Numbers 149. Report of Lieutenant J. Chester White, Tenth U. S Infantry, commanding Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, of operations August 19.

CAMP PAROLE,

Annapolis, Md., December 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report on the engagement on the Weldon railroad August 19, in which the Fourteenth Infantry, U. S. Army, participated while under my command:

Lieutenants Foot and Weir, having been seriously wounded the day previous, and Lieutenant McKibbin being incapacitated by a wound from serving with his regiment, performed staff duty with General Hayes, Captain Ingraham having been seized with convulsions had been sent to the rear, and the command devolved upon me. About 2 p. m. we moved, pursuant to orders, to the front line of entrenchments along with the Twelfth Infantry, U. S. Army; the left of the Fourteenth Infantry resting on the railroad, the right joining the left of the Twelfth Infantry, forming a prolongation of the line of General Crawford;s (Third) division, fifth Army Corps. About 5 p. m. the enemy made an attack in our front, which was promptly met by our troops. The enemy, however, effected a successful flank movement on the right of the Third Division, and smartly engaged the troops in our rear. Having received orders from Brigadier-General hayes, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, fifth Army Corps, to hold my line at all hazards, I retained the Fourteenth Infantry in the works until the whole Third Division had retreated, leaving but the Fourteenth Infantry and Twelfth Infantry in the line of entrenchments, when, deeming it folly to remain longer, I ordered the Fourteenth Infantry to fall back, the remain longer, I ordered the Fourteenth Infantry to fall back, the Twelfth Infantry having received the same order from the commanding officer of that regiment. In attempting to retreat we found ourselves completely cut off from the second lien. Lieutenant Driscoll, Second Infantry, and myself, with a number of the men, were captured by the enemy.

