
tion of the work. At dark it retired to a position on the left flank of the Fifth Corps, where it remained in line until noon of the 27th, when it was withdrawn to the present location before Petersburg.

October 1.-Early in the morning the brigade relieved part of the Second Division in the front line of works.

October 5.-This brigade was placed in reserve in rear of Forts Haskell and Stedman.

October 24.-At dark we relieved the Third Division and placed garrisons in Batteries Nos. 21 and 24, Forts Sedgwick, Davis, and Hays.

Fourth Brigade, First Division.

August 12.-The brigade received orders to march, and moving toward City Point arrived there about 10 p. m.

August 13.-The command embarked at the landing, and at 10.30 p. m. moved up for Deep Bottom, landing at the latter place about 9 a. m. next day.

August 14.-Moved up about four miles and formed in line of battle on the New Market road. The brigade, not being engaged with the enemy, was hell in reserve as a support the greater part of the time.

August 20.-The command fell back at night across the James River, and arrived at its old camp the next morning at 8 a. m.

August 21.-After a half of about four hours the command moved toward the Weldon railroad, arriving near the Fifth Corps about 3 p. m.

August 22.-Moved for the railroad and commenced an attack on our left, and about 3 p. m. the fight began, lasting until dark, our loss being 8. After night the brigade fell back to the Williams house and remained there until 27th, when the brigade, in connection with the rarest of the division, moved up to the Avery house and went into camp.

September 5.-The command moved to the left and encamped near the Jones house; the troops employed chiefly on fatigue duty.

September 24.-Moved to the right and relieved Colonel Abbot's brigade, of the Tenth Corps, on the front line.

September 26.-The line was moved to the right, extending from Fort Stedman to Fort Haskell, where it remained at the close of the month.

[October.]-During the month the command occupied a portion of the line of works in front of Petersburg. There were no engagements during the first part of the month.

October 15.-Colonel Mulholland, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assumed command, relieving Lieutenant-Colonel Glenny, Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers.

October 27.-In the evening a portion of the command-One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania volunteers, assisted by Captain H. D. Price, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and acting aide-de-camp of the brigade-stormed a rebel work in front of Fort Morton, capturing the entire works, a colonel, lieutenant-colonel, 2 line officers, and a small number of enlisted men as prisoners. In half an hour afterward, our support failing to come up, the rebels rallied and attacked the small number of men, compelling them to retire, with 1 commissioned officer and 19 men captured and Captain H. D. Price killed. It was a very gallant affair, and too much credit and praise cannot be rendered to the officers and men participating in it.

