
In closing this report I must call your attention to the efficient aid rendered me by Second Lieutenant John J. Driscoll, Second Infantry, U. S. Army, and Second Lieutenant T. M. K. Smith, Seventeenth Infantry, U. S. Army, both assigned for duty to the Fourteenth Infantry, in preserving the morale and steadiness of the regiment under the disheartening effects of a severe front, flank, and rear fire. Indeed, the whole regiment behaved in a manner deserving of the gallant record that the Fourteenth Infantry bears.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. CHESTER WHITE,

Second Lieutenant, Tenth Infantry, U. S. Army.

Major G. CHAPIN,

Fourteenth Infantry, U. S. Army, Commanding regiment.

Numbers 150. Reports of Colonel Samuel A. Graham, Purnell Legion maryland Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations August 18-September 2 and October 1 and 8.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864.

Report of the part taken in the several engagements since the 18th of August, 1864, by the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps:

In obedience to circular of august 27, 1864, headquarters Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report:

Pursuant to orders from division headquarters, this brigade broke camp and moved off on Jerusalem plank road at 4.45 a. m. August 18, and reached the Weldon railroad at 10 a. m. at the Yellow House and, after resting one hour, formed in line protecting the left flank of troops advancing in the direction of Petersburg, on line of Weldon railroad. After advancing nearly a mile, the enemy appeared in our front in strong force, driving in our skirmishers. The brigade was at once ordered in line of battle, in prolongation of that formed by the First Brigade, leaving nothing to protect the left flank except the flank skirmishers. This line of battle was formed at the farther edge of the woods, about 100 yards from a corn-field, from which the enemy emerged in line of battle, charging upon our line. The order to fire was promptly and vigorously executed, and the enemy sought shelter. At this critical moment it was ascertained that the troops on our right were failing back, of which irregularity the enemy at once took advantage, rallying back, of which irregularity the enemy at once took advantage, rallying his men and pushing vigorously on our unprotected flanks. Colonel Dushane, commanding, gave the order to retreat, which was executed in considerable confusion, owing to the density of the woods and proximity of the enemy. As soon as we got disentangled from the woods, the proximity of the enemy. As soon as we got disentangled from the woods, the troops were successfully rallied and reformed, thus checking the enemy, and eventually driving him from the field, leaving his dead in our had. In the engagement the brigade sustained da loss of-commissioned officers and 12 men killed, 11 officers and 111 men wounded, and 1 officer and 38 men missing. The enemy suffered severely, he having left in dead in the immediate front of this brigade 47 men, including 2 commissioned officers. On the 19th all remained quiet until late in the

