
afternoon, when the enemy drove our skirmishers from their pits. Colonel Hofmann communicated to Colonel Dushane, commanding brigade, that he was ordered to fall back, but not having received any direct orders the brigade held its position. A loss of 1 officer and 1 man killed, 15 men wounded, 1 officer and 7 men missing, was sustained, principally on the skirmish line. On the 20th Colonel Wilson, in command of the skirmishers, ordered a charge upon their picket-line, and succeeded in regaining the pits lost the previous day, taking 1 commissioned officer and 13 men prisoners, losing in wounded 1 officer and 13 men. During the night the brigade withdrew and took position in the entrenchments. On the 21st the brigade was not extensively engaged, as the artillery refused to let the enemy come within easy range of musketry. The Purnell Legion, Colonel Graham commanding, was on skirmish and lost heavily, but remained on skirmish line during the engagement. Colonel N. T. Dushane, commanding the brigade, was instantly killed early in the day by a solid shot whilst in the active discharge of his duties. During the day brigade sustained a loss of 3 officers and 8 men killed, 4 officers and 39 men wounded, and 1 officer and 30 men missing. Since the 21st the brigade has not been engaged nor sustained any casualties.

Respectfully submitted.

SAML. A. GRAHAM,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 13, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to circular of this date I have the honor to report that during the engagement of the 1st instant the picket-line only of this brigade was engaged, a part of which was driven in, but soon advanced to its original position, sustaining a loss of 5 men killed and 14 men wounded. During the 8th instant no portion of the brigade, except the picket, was engaged, which advanced, which advanced with the picket of the corps, and late in the evening fell back to its original position, with a loss of 1 man killed, 4 men wounded, and 8 men missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. A. GRAHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Lieutenant-Colonel LA MOTTE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 151. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Andrew W. Denison, Eighth Maryland Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations December 7-12.

Report of operations of Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Corps, during the expedition on the Weldon railroad, Va., from December 7 to December 12, 1864:

In obedience to orders from Major-General Ayres, commanding division, this brigade broke camp early during the morning of the 7th instant, and marched to the Gurley house and took charge of the corps

31 R R - VOL XLII, PT I

