
train which accompanied the expedition, and moved down the Jerusalem plank road to Freeman's without accident or molestation. Crossed Nottoway on pontoon bridge, parked the train, and bivouacked for the night. The command was relieved from duty as wagon guard on the morning of the 8th, and reported to General Ayres for duty. Marched via Sussex Court House to within a mile of Weldon railroad, and halted for several hours. At 6 p. m. we moved upon the railroad and commenced its destruction, continuing until 12 midnight. The destruction of the road was resumed on the morning of the 9th and continued until night, when [we] reached Three Creeks. After night we crossed the creek and destroyed a considerable length of road, when we returned to the north bank of the creek and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 10th, pursuant to orders from division headquarters, we commenced our return, marching to within a few miles of Sussex Court-House, adistance of twenty miles. On the 11th we crossed Nottoway River and bivouacked for the night. On the 12th returned to the Gurley house.

The brigade sustained a loss of 3 men killed and 12 men missing. Those killed were found on our return near Sussex Court-House, and were apparently murdered by the citizens. It is believed that those reported missing have met the same fate, as they were known to have crossed the river, but did not return.

Respectfully submitted.

A. W. DENISON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 152. Report of Captain James A. Haughey, Third Delaware Infantry, of operations August 18-28.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS,August 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to instruction, I have the honor to submit the following report of movements of Third Delaware since August 17, 1864:

We left position near Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad at 5 a. m. August 18, striking Petersburg branch of Weldon and Wilmington Railroad at noon same day. Our division (the Fourth) was, shortly after arrival, moved forward on east side of railroad, some quarter of a mile past the Yellow House, in two columns facing Petersburg. After a few minutes' halt, the enemy shelling smartly, our brigade marched quickly across the railroad by the flank and then forward to the support of Second Division, whose line we relieved at edge of open field, rebels occupying woods in front. Fire was opened, and shortly after skirmishers thrown out. Breast-works were erected during night and this position held during 19th and 20th, the brigade falling back some half mile once under orders, but retaking position immediately after. Night of 20th moved back till opposite Yellow House, same side of and line parallel to railroad. Earth-works were thrown up during night, and about 5 a. m. next morning enemy opened with artillery. Shortly after the regiments on our right commenced firing and we observed a brigade of rebels debouching by the flank some thirty yards from the line of our regiment. We occupied the left, our line refused, forming an

