
in endeavoring to capture a stand of colors, which he would have obtained had he not yielded to his superior officer, Adjutant Eyre, Third Delaware (so the commission appointed to inquire into the matter reported). Seventy-sixth New York: Captain Hatch, for gallantry in crossing the works and capturing a stand of colors; Lieutenant Weldon, killed on the picked-line on the night of the 21st, is spoken of as having been ever faithful in the discharge of his duties, courteous and kind in his intercourse with his brother officers and men. Ninety-fifth New York: Private R. Smith,* a mounted orderly at brigade headquarters, succeeded in capturing 2 officers and 20 men of Hagoods' brigade while they were endeavoring to make their way back through the woods.

I desire to express my thanks to the officers of my staff, Captain Cowdrey, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Burritt, brigade inspector, and Lieutenant Healy, acting aide-de-camp, for their efficient services in promulgating and attending to the execution of my orders during the operations of the past week. On the 19th Captain Burritt was obliged to leave the field of battle for the third time on account of wounds received, being seriously wounded in the leg. Captain Watkins has since discharged the duties of the office and rendered very efficient services on the 21st as an acting aide-de-camp.

I forward herewith a tabular and nominal list of casualties, showing a loss of 2 officers and 23 men killed, 8 officers and 96 men wounded, 68 men missing; total, 10 officers, 187 men; aggregate, 197.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOFMANN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant CHOISY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 154. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles E. La Motte, Fourth Delaware Infantry, of operations August 18-21.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, August 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the Fourth Delaware Volunteers moved from camp in front of Petersburg on the morning of the 18th instant, arrived at the Weldon railroad, and engaged the enemy in the afternoon. Toward evening the regiment was moved to the left to re-enforce General Ayres. Here I engaged the enemy with musketry and repulsed him. Loss during the day, 1 man killed, 1 wounded. On the morning of the 19th I was ordered to relieve the Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers and One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers on the skirmish line. During the morning the line was advanced, and in the afternoon was attacked by the enemy, he advancing in line of battle. I was compelled to retire slowly, making a stand behind three parallel lines of rifle-pits which had been thrown up during the advance. Being unable to check the advance of the enemy, I retired to the main line of breast-works, where the enemy was finally

---------------

* Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

