
repulsed. Loss during the day, 5 men wounded, 7 missing. I remained in this position during the next day, nothing of importance transpiring and no casualties occurring. After dark the regiment was moved to the left and threw up a line of breast-works during the night. On the morning of the 21st the enemy advanced to charge the works, but were repulsed, with severe loss. Two stand of colors fell in front of Fourth Delaware Volunteers, and were picked up by the Third Delaware and the Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers. Loss during the day, 1 killed, 4 wounded. The good conduct of officers and men engaged was so general that it is impossible to make distinctions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. LA MOTTE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Delaware Volunteers.

Captain F. H. COWDREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 155. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Cook, Seventy-sixth New York Infantry, of operations August 18-28.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SIXTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,August 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular of last evening, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations of the corps since the 17th instant:

At 4 a. m. of the 18th instant the regiment broke camp and marched with the rest of the brigade to the Yellow House, on the Weldon railroad, arriving there at 12 m., stacked arms in line, rested for an hour, and then marched about three-fourths of a mile up the railroad toward Petersburg, and formed line of battle on the fight of the railroad. About an hour later moved rapidly to the left of the railroad, and formed line. The regiment was soon after sent out as skirmishers to cover the brigade front. About dark received orders to advance the line, and if possible reach a cleared field about thirty rods in front. Moved forward under a heavy fire, gained half the distance, but found it impossible to advance farther, and held our position until morning. In advancing the line First Lieutenant Barnard Phenis, of Company D, was killed, and Private Frederick Thomas, of Company D, was wounded in the hand. On the morning of the 19th were relieved on the skirmish line by the Fourth Delaware Regiment, and returned to a line of slight works, put up by the brigade during the night. Strengthened the works and remained in them. Were attacked by the enemy in the afternoon, and repulsed him, with no loss to ourselves. Retained our position during the night. Private Jay Bronson, of Company H, stretcher-bearer, was wounded in the arm, while going to the skirmish line after a wounded man, in the evening. About midnight Second Lieutenant Moses M. Whitney, of Company C, was wounded in the hip by a stray shot from the skirmish line. Held our position until the night of the 20th instant, when moved to our present position and put up breast-works. Were attached by the enemy on the morning of the 21st; repulsed him, with heavy loss, and captured about seventy-five prisoners. Captain J. C. Hatch, of Company G, jumped over the works as

