
the enemy retired and brought in the colors of the Twenty-fifth South Carolina (rebel) Regiment. During the action Sergt. Laverne E. Teeter, of Company C, was wounded slightly in the shoulder' Sergt. Parmenas A. Norton, of Company D, had his left arm shattered; Private William M. Bristol, of Company D, received a flesh wound in the shoulder, and Private William H. Hungerford, of Company I, received a flesh wound in the hip. As the enemy retired skirmishers were sent forward, and soon after the line was ordered to be doubled, when First Lieutenant Thomas F. Weldon, of Company C, was sent out to take charge of the men from this regiment. Soon after, while on the line, he was shot by a sharp-shooter and instantly killed. His death is a severe loss to the regiment, as he was one of the most courageous and efficient officers in the command. We still retain the position occupied by us on the 21st instant, and since that time the regiment had not been engaged.

Hoping this report may prove satisfactory, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. COOK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers.

Captain F. H. COWDREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 156 Report of Lieutenant Colonel James Creney, Ninety-fifth New York Infantry, of operations August 18-21.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIFTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,August 28, 1864.

I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the campaign from the 17th to the 22nd instant, called for by circular from brigade headquarters dated August 27, 1864.

August 18, reveille at 2 a. m.; took up line of march at 5 a. m.; halted at Yellow House; at 12 m. advanced in line of battle and engaged the enemy; at 4 p. m. threw up breast-works; detail from every company on picket; loss, Privates William Kyle, killed, Charles B. Melins and John E. Puffer, wounded. August 19, engaged the enemy at 2 p. m., and ordered to march in retreat; reformed regiment and occupied our former position. August 20, regiment detailed as skirmishers, Major Bard commanding, and engaged the enemy all night; loss, Privates Ludwick Robuck, killed and Stephen H. Ward, wounded. August 21, 8 a. m., enemy drove in our left and captured five posts, consisting of Company E and part of Company C; drove back the enemy's skirmishers and occupied our former position; at 10 a. m. the enemy advanced with strong line of skirmishers; fell back to our abandoned works, and engaged the enemy's line of battle; retreated to our line of battle and reformed regiment and joined the brigade; loss.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES CRENEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain F. H. COWDREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 14 enlisted men wounded, and 53 enlisted men missing.

---------------

