
One hundred and forty-seventh exhibit more coolness and determined bravery than upon this occasion. The fire of the regiment was very destructive, and no man wavered. All stood their ground until the last rebel left our front. The loss of the regiment in this affair was 1 man killed and 1 man wounded.

Every officer and man of this regiment has done his whole duty during the recent operations on the Weldon railroad, and where all have done so well I do not wish to particularize. The total loss is as follows: 4 men killed; 3 officers and 8 men wounded.

GEO. HARNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain COWDREY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Fourth Div., Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 158. Report of Major John T. Jack, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 18-28.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SIXTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,August 28, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor o make the following report as the part taken in the recent movements of the Fifth Army Corps since 17th instant by the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers:

The Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers broke camp at 4 railroad; halted about one hour, when the Fifty-sixth, together with the brigade, were advanced to the support of the Second Division, Fifth Army Corps. After meeting and repulsing the enemy, threw up earth-works, behind which we remained until noon of the 19th instant, when we were attacked by the enemy and repulsed him (Private Jennings, of Company K, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, capturing a stand of colors belonging to the Fifty-fifth North Carolina Volunteers.) Holding our position, on the afternoon of the 19th instant the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers were ordered on picket, where they remained skirmishing with the enemy until the afternoon of the 20th, when, being ordered by Colonel Hofmann, brigade commander, they advanced, forcing the enemy back, and retook the picket-line first established by the Second Brigade. About 9 p. m. of the 20th was relieved by the Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers; immediately joined the brigade in its present position, and threw up earth-works. On the morning of the 21st assisted in repulsing [the enemy]. Since the 21st the regiment has remained in its present position.

The following is a list of the casualties.*

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. JACK,

Major, Commanding Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Colonel J. W. HOFMANN,

Commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 5 enlisted men killed and 18 enlisted men wounded; total, 23.

---------------

