
October 30.-During the night the brigade was relieved and ordered to the Southall house on reserve.

November 29.-The command moved from its camp in front of Petersburg in the morning to the left of the line near the Weldon railroad, where it halted and went into camp.

December 9.-The command marched with the division in the morning and participated in the reconnaissance of Hatcher's Run.

December 10.-Returned without loss.

Second Division.

August 1 to 12.-The division was in reserve camp, at which time, in obedience to orders, it broke camp and with the corps proceeded to City Point; embarked on transports.

August 14.-Disembarked at Deep Bottom and participated in the engagement at that place.

August 20.-Recrossed to the south side of the James River during the night and returned by way of Bermuda Hundred to the line in front of Petersburg, and massed in rear of the Ninth Corps; remained there until the afternoon of the 23d.

August 23.-Ordered to Reams' Station; bivouacked at night at White Oak Church.

August 24.-Resumed march at 4 a. m., arriving at the station at 9 a. m.

August 25.-Took part in the engagement at that place, and at night returned to reserve camp.

October 25.-The division occupied the line and garrisoned forts in front of Petersburg up to this date, when it accompanied Third Division of corps on reconnaissance to the extreme left.

October 27.-Heavily engaged with the enemy during the day at Hatcher's Run and Burgess' farm; during the night fell back.

October 28.-Returned to Fort Bross, and at night reoccupied lines and forts.

November 29.-The division garrisoned forts and batteries and occupied works before Petersburg up to the night of this date, when it was relieved by a portion of the Ninth Corps.

November 30.-Moved to the left in the vicinity of Yellow Tavern and went into camp.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

August 1 to 12.-The brigade wa in reserve camp, at which date, in obedience to orders, it broke camp, and with the corps proceeded to City Point, where it remained until the 13th instant, when it embarked on transports.

August 14.-Disembarked at Deep Bottom and participated in skirmishers near that place, but had no general engagement with the enemy.

August 20.-The corps recrossed the James River at night. This brigade being on picket on the left of the line, it was the last to be withdrawn, and returned by way of Bermuda Hundred to the line in front of Petersburg.

August 21.-Arrived about 10 a. m., massing near the Aiken house, in rear of the Ninth Corps, remaining until the afternoon of the 23rd instant, when, with the division, it was ordered to Reams' Station; bivouacked at night at White's house.

4 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

