
commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division, which was on the extreme right of my line, is herewith inclosed. No report has been received from the Third Brigade, as the officers were captured.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

I would call attention to the aggregate of casualties in this report being considerably less than reported by me in my report dated August 25, in which I stated these would be considerably diminished by the return of those who gave out on the march here from exhaustion. This report approved of, except where it may not agree with the report of any other division commander, regarding the conduct of his own command.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,November 2, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command on the 27th and 28th of October:

The division broke camp at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 27th, and in accordance with orders previously received, took the road followed by the other divisions of the corps, and closed up on the rear of Ayres' division. The command consisted of the First Brigade, Brigadier-General Bragg, and the Third Brigade, Colonel J. W. Hofmann, the Second Brigade, under Brigadier-General Baxter, having been left to hold the lines and garrison the works. Lieutenant Milton, commanding Ninth Massachusetts Battery, reported to me for duty with his battery as the division marched out of camp. At 10.30 a. m. the division reached the cut through the woods made by direction of the major-general commanding the corps, and was halted for a few moments as the division in front had massed in the woods, the First Division being engaged with the enemy. In the course of half an hour, Lieutenant Ricketts, aide-de-camp of the major-general commanding, came to me bringing the orders of the general to move on with my division. I moved on to the Duncan road, turned the head of column to the left, and moved down that road. Here I was met by Major Roebling, an aide-de-camp of the major-general commanding the corps, who was to conduct me to my position. I was to cross Hather's Run at Armstrong's Mill, advance up its right bank, my right resting upon it, and guided by it. My orders were to advance and connect with the left of the First Division. I was informed by Major Roebling that Hancock's corps was on my left and had advanced some distance. While conferring with Major Roebling in regard to the country, I was told by him that if I advanced as I intended with a front of two brigades I should

