
overlap the Second Corps. After crossing the run I received orders from the major-general commanding the corps, in person, which were mainly a repetition of those conveyed to me by Major Roebling, and in addition, that the Maryland Brigade, under Colonel Denison, had been ordered to report to me. It was further stated that about a mile up, a position indicated upon the map, which was pointed out to me, the works in front of Griffin came down to the creek. The major-general commanding the corps desired me, if possible, to turn these works, though it was not certain what I might meet in my front.

My command was in readiness, and after receiving these instructions I moved forward. I had ordered Brigadier-General Bragg to throw

but a strong line of skirmishers, to double them, and to advance them half a mile in his front, their right resting upon the creek. Colonel Hofmann's command formed a second line in rear of General Bragg. His orders were to throw out a regiment as flankers to protect the left flank. These were to follow the movements of and be guided by the skirmishers in front. As it was impossible to advance along the bank of the creek, two regiments from the Maryland Brigade were ordered to advance in rear, and supporting the right flank, and two others on the left flank, and Colonel Denison was ordered to hold his command in readiness to move to any portion of the line that might be necessary. Everything being in readiness, I broke the command by the right of companies to the front, and advanced into the woods. The advance was attended with very great difficulty. So thick were the woods and so tangled the undergrowth, that it was almost impossible to proceed, and it was only practicable by using the compass. The creek, instead of going northwest, thought that was its general direction, made a great bend to the west and struck about the center of my line. I was obliged to clear it by a flank movement. In an examination of my left flank, as I advanced, I came to Dabney's Mill, where I found a force of cavalry. Finding my left thus covered, I advanced as rapidly as possible, and finally reached the Crow house - a wide open space under cultivation. On the right flank, about 200 yards distant, the creek made a bend to the right, and the timber had been slashed so as to make any movement up it impracticable. Hofmann, therefore, moved along it by the flank, while Bragg moved up in the open space in line in front of Bragg, having passed the left flank of the First Division on the opposite bank. The enemy had a heavy line of skirmishers on this side of the creek. They at once attacked my skirmish line with great vigor without driving them back on the line of battle. Major Jones, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, advanced his line of skirmishers, and drove the enemy across the creek and into their works. My line of skirmishers was advanced 150 yards beyond the left flank of the First Division. I detached a regiment to examine the right bank of the creek near my present position, and to feel the enemy's works. The regiment proceeded to attack the enemy in the end of his entrenchments, driving him from it. He, however, immediately re-enforced it by a line of battle.

At this time the major-general commanding the corps arrived upon the field. He examined my position, and I communicated with him and received the following orders: I was just where he wanted me. I should not make any further attack or advance until I received further orders. About an hour before a staff officer of Major-General Hancock brought word to the effect that he was at Burgess' Tavern and that he held the bridge upon the Boydton plank road. Subsequently

