
No. 3.) On the morning of the 8th the division followed the cavalry division through Coman's Well toward the Weldon railroad, near Jarratt's Station. (See document 4, paragraph 2.) We encountered a small force of the enemy's cavalry about two miles beyond Coman's Well, who were endeavoring to strike the rear of the cavalry division. They were soon dispersed. The division passed through to the Halifax road, where it massed until 6 o'clock, when, in accordance with instructions previously received, it proceeded to the railroad at the point designated by Captain Cope, of the staff of the general commanding the corps, and commenced the work of destruction in accordance with instructions contained in document 6. The work was thoroughly done, the ties being burnt, and the rails placed upon them and bent. The command then bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 9th, in obedience to circular order (see document 8), the division proceeded to perform the part assigned to it in the further destruction of the road. Toward evening I was directed to take a portion of my command and destroy the bridge over Three-Mile Creek and the railroad beyond, the railroad on both sides of which having not yet been destroyed; and also to dispose a sufficient force to hold the crossing of the Sussex and Halifax roads protecting our rear. The bridge was thoroughly destroyed. During the night orders were received to return to our original position toward Petersburg.

This division brought up the rear for the three days' march, taking the Sussex road toward Sussex Court-House. Some of the cavalry force of the enemy followed us. During the morning of the 10th the cavalry in our rear were driven in upon our infantry, but were repulsed by two regiments of Baxter's brigade (the Eleventh Pennsylvania and the Ninety-seventh New York), who ambuscaded the road of the enemy, killing 2, wounding 2, and taking 6 prisoners. We were not again troubled. The following morning we moved on through Sussex Court-House, Bragg's brigade bringing up the rear of the entire force. We crossed the Nottoway and encamped near Providence Church for the night. The following morning we reached our camp.

I regard the marching of this division, its cheerful obedience to orders, and the anxiety that was manifested by officers and men to do what in them lay to contribute to the success of the expedition, as worthy of all praise.

The list of casualties in the command is respectfully inclosed.* The men reported missing are those who straggled from the command and were taken by the enemy's cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 63. December 6, 1864.

The following is the order of march for to-morrow:

First, Gregg's cavalry; second, General Crawford's division; third, General Griffin's division; fourth, General Ayres' division; fifth, General

---------------

* Shows 11 men missing in the First Brigade; 1 man wounded and 1 officer and 18 men missing in the Second Brigade, and 9 men missing in the Third Brigade. Total, 40.

---------------

