
August 24.-Resumed the march at 3 a. m., reaching the station about 9 a. m.

August 25.-Took part in the engagement at that place, suffering a loss of 232 in killed, wounded, and missing; also lost the acting assistant inspector-general (Captain William H. Hawley) of the brigade, who was killed while in the performance of his duties at the extreme front. At night the brigade returned to its reserve camp, arriving on the following morning. A portion of the brigade now occupies a position in the front line of works near the Jerusalem plank road, and the remaining part is encamped in rear of line of works connecting with fort on the left.

[November.]-This command was assigned to a position on the main line in front of Petersburg about the 1st of the month. A portion of the command garrisoned Fort McGilvery; also Battery 5, on the extreme right of the line, resting on Appomattox River. The command remained in this position until the night of the 29th, when it was received by the Ninth Corps and transferred to the left of the line, near the Vaughan road, where it is now [November 30] encamped.

Third Division.

August 12.-The division broke camp at 3 p. m. and marched to City Point, Va.

August 13.-Embarked from that place at noon.

August 14.-Reached Deep Bottom at 1 a. m.; remained in that vicinity until the night of the 18th, when it recrossed the James River and marched to the trenches before Petersburg, relieving a portion of the Night Army Corps, where [August 31] it still remains.

[September.]-The division lay in front of Petersburg during the month. Nothing of note occurred.

October 1.-The division was relieved from the front line and ordered to move up to the extreme left of the army near Pebbles' house.

October 2.-An advance was made to feel the enemy's position; after some skirmishing the enemy were driven from their first line of works near the South Side Railroad.

October 5.-The division returned at night, and assumed it s old position in the front line of works. Up to the 24th heavy details for working parties on the forts were furnished.

October 24.-The division was again relieved from the front line and massed near the Southall house.

October 26.-Marched toward the Weldon railroad and participated in a reconnaissance in force of Second Corps near Boydton road.

October 28.-Returned to the same position previously held in front line.

The command remained in the trenches in front of Petersburg.

November 5.-The enemy made an attack on the picket-line of the Third Brigade and was handsomely repulsed with considerable loss. Nothing of importance occurred since.

November 29.-The division, with the remainder of the corps, was relieved from the trenches by the Ninth Army Corps.

November 30.-Marched to the left, taking a position formerly occupied by the Ninth Corps, near the extreme left of our line.

December 6 [7].-Moved from camp in front of rear line of works by way of Jerusalem plank road to the Nottoway River.

December 7 [8].-Moved to Chambliss' farm.

