
[Inclosure No. 4.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

December 7, 1864-9.15 p.m.

The following will be the order of movement for to-morrow:

I. General Gregg will set out at 4 a.m. and proceed direct for Jarratt's Station. He will picket every road coming in from the flanks as we advance with a strong force, to remain until the rear of the column has passed.

II. He will be immediately followed by General Crawford's division.

III. General Griffin, followed by General Ayres, will set out at 2 a.m. and proceed on to overtake General Crawford.

IV. As soon as all is over the pontoon train will be taken up and join the train of Colonel Thomas, chief quartermaster, near General Mott's division.

V. General Mott will guard the main train to-morrow, and will make such disposition with his division as will protect it, Colonel Thomas and the officers of the bridge train reporting to him.

VI. The brigade of General Ayres, marching with the train to-day, will rejoin his division.

VII. If any part of the column finds itself halted by any obstructions in front, the troops will be massed and the artillery and trains parked so as not to obstruct the coming forward of artillery and troops in rear. Headquarters will be at the head of the column during the day.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

December 8, 1864-11.30 a.m.

General Gregg has reached the railroad and burnt the bridge across the Nottoway. He was had some skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry and has driven them all across that stream. Though he pickets all the roads coming in from our right, it will be best for each division commander to leave an infantry force, from 300 to 500 men, according to the importance of the roads, at each one to hold it until it is relieved by the following division, and General Mott until the last of his division has passed. The column should be moved on with as little rest as possible, and the stragglers can come in with the train.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 6]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December 8, 1864.

About 6 p.m. this evening the three divisions of the Fifth Corps will move out on the railroad and complete the destruction of the railroad ties and rails as far as practicable, bending the latter when it can be done. A staff officer will be sent to each division to designate the points at which each is to begin. As soon as a division works down to a place finished by another it will go on and pass them and begin again. This work is to be kept up until 12 o'clock if not interrupted

