
commands. The object of this arrangement is to guard against petty annoyances. Any earnest offer of battle by the enemy will be accepted and the movement modified as far as necessary to accept it by the part of the command against whom the attempt is made. Headquarters will remain in its present position until General Mott's division has passed. It is announced to the command that General Gregg drove the enemy's cavalry across the Meherrin River and into their fortifications at Hicksford in a gallant manner, in which we have to lament, among others, the loss of Major Sargent.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 10.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

December 11, 1864 - 9.15 p. m.

The following will be the order of march for to-morrow:

General Mott will march at 7 a. m., followed by General Griffin, General Ayres next, who will be followed by General Crawford.

The wagons of each division will march with it.

The division and batteries will return to their old camps.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 161. Report of Colonel Thomas F. McCoy, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 18-September 12.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Weldon Railroad, Va., September 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the orders of the commanding general of the division, I have the honor to report the operations of this brigade on the Weldon railroad from the 18th ultimo:

The brigade on that day was composed of the following regiments: One hundred and fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel G. G. Prey; Ninetieth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel C. L. Peirson; Sixteenth Maine Volunteers, Colonel C. W. Tilden, and One hundred and seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Colonel T. F. McCoy, and was formed in column in the order named. The aggregate number of officers and men was as follows: field officers, 8; line officers, 59; buns, 1,108. The column moved in the direction of the Weldon railroad about 8 a. m., the Third Division being preceded by the First and Second Divisions respectively. The Fourth Division was in rear of the column. the day was oppressively warm and the soldiers suffered greatly form the hot sun. The railroad was reached by the First Brigade about noon at the Yellow House, or Six-Mile Station, south of Petersburg. The troops were massed in the fields near this point on the right or east of the railroad. The troops that had preceded us had already advanced one battery and some infantry up the road in the direction of the city, and other bodies of troops were engaged in destroying the railroad. There is here a large and beautiful

