
morning of the 23rd of August. In the operations of the 18th and 19th these regiments lost by capture about three-fourths of the number they had with the command, including Colonel W. R. Hartshorne, One hundred and ninetieth, commanding the brigade, and Colonel James Carle, commanding One hundred and ninety-first, with Major John A. Wolff, of the former, and Major M. Weidler, of the latter regiment, together with a large proportion of their line officers. Not having any personal knowledge of the operations of these regiments, then composing the Third Brigade, I cannot report their operations further than to inclose the reports of Captain N. B. Kinsey, of the One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Captain R. M. Birkman, One hundred and ninetieth, temporarily assigned to the One hundred and ninety-first, who have been in command of these regiments since the disaster of the 19th, to which I would respectfully refer the brigadier-general commanding the division.

I also forward, as a part of my report, the several reports of the regimental commanders of the brigade, and would refer the commanding general to rheum for many of the details that I have necessarily omitted.

A recapitulation of the losses are appended to this report.*

I should not omit to state that a rebel flag belonging to a North Carolina regiment was captured on the afternoon of the 19th by Private Solomon J. Hottenstine, of Company C, One hundred and seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who presented it on the field to Brigadier-General Crawford, commanding the division.

In closing this imperfect report of the operations of the brigade, I would express my extreme regret at the loss of so many brave veteran officers and men. They are a great loss to this gallant corps and army, and to the good cause of our country. This is especially so at the present crisis of the contest. In their capture, however we may deplore it, it is gratifying to be assured that no dishonor or blame can attach to them. They battled bravely and successfully with the foe in their front. That the enemy was allowed to approach their rear from a distant part of the line cannot, and I am glad to know is not, chargeable to them. They have truly for a time lost their liberty and the privilege of continuing to battle for the righteous cause of the Government, but they have not sullied their fair fame, won and maintained on may battle-fields; they still retain a soldier's patriotism, integrity, and honor.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. F. McCOY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE MONTEITH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. NINETIETH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,September 24, 1864.

I fully concur in the above report of Colonel McCoy of the operations of the brigade on the above dates.

Very respectfully,

P. LYLE,

Colonel Ninetieth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols., late Commanding Brigade.

---------------

* Embodied in table, p.124.

---------------

