
No. 162. Reports of Brigadier General Edward S. Bragg, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations october 27-28 and December 7-11.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 2, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit, in brief, the part taken by my command in the late operations south of Hatcher's Creek.

My command, in connection with Colonel Hofmann's, broke camp at 4 a. m. 27th ultimo and marched to the front. Were delayed on the Vaughan road by troops in front until after daylight, and then marched to the Armstrong house and crossed to the south side of Hatcher's Run. Here line of battle was formed, and marched with skirmishers in front, and its right resting on the creek, through dense thickets and jungles until connection was made with the First Division, and the troops struck Hill's corps of confederates in flank, lying behind hastily constructed works, in front of the First Division, and the troops struck Hill's corps of Confederates in flank, lying behind hastily constructed works, in front of the First Division. My skirmish line passed this point, and advanced half a mile up the creek toward the plank road and in full view of the Confederate hospital. This was done without opposition. My line of battle having made its connection with the First Division, halted and bivouacked for the night. Development during the night, as well as the statement of prisoners, showed that the enemy had his line on three sides of our position, but he did not attack. during the night my command captured 224 prisoners, with 4 officers, belonging principally to Mahone's division of the Confederate army. At 3 a. m. 28th ultimo the command crossed Hatchers' Run, over a bridge build by it during the night, and joined the First Division, and formed line of battle on its left, fronting Harcher's Run. At 10 a. m. my skirmish line from the front, and scouting parties on the flank, crossed the creek without molestation from the enemy, and the command returned to its old position.

The prisoners captured by the command were turned over to the provost guard Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, a commissioned officer of the Second Army Corps near Dabney's Mill,and a first lieutenant of Company D, Eighth Maryland Volunteers. Many of these prisoners had in charge men form the Second Corps, who had been captured. Among those released was an officer who claimed to be of the rank of major, and a member of General Hancock's staff.

My losses were very slight, and as follows: Officers - prisoner, 1. Enlistes men - killed, 1: wounded, 10; prisoners, 7.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

EDWD. S. BRAGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major E. C. BAIRD, Asst., General, Third Division.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December 17, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent operations on the Welson railroad toward Belfield:

In conformity with orders, I left camp on the morning of the 7th instant, and, joining the Fifht Army Corps, moved to Sussex Court-House. On the 8th reached the railroad near Nottoway bridge, and engaged in its destruction. On the 9th continued the destruction of

