
the road and burned the bridge across Three-Mile Creek. On the 10th, 11th, and 12th marched en route for our old camp, which was reached on the evening of the 12th instant. On the 11th this brigade acted as rear guard to the corps and were pressed by a small party of cavalry, who were easily repulsed.

The total loss in the command during the operations was 9 men.

EDWD. S. BRAGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major E. C. BAIRD, A. A. G., Third Division, Fifth Army Corps.

No. 163. Report of Colonel Charles W. Tilden, Sixteenth Maine Infantry, of operations August 18-19.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH REGIMENT MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Reams' Station, Va., September --, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from First Brigade headquarters of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations near the Weldon railroad, commencing the 18th ultimo:

In obedience to orders received on the night of the 17th instant [ultimo], my regiment, numbering 8 line officers and 231 guns, moved in column with the First Brigade on the morning of the 18th ultimo, and arrived at the Welson railroad at 12 m.; halted and rested for one hour, to the right and rear of the Yellow House. At 1 o'clock received orders to advance and form line at the edge of the woods extending to the right of the railroad. Advanced into the woods and connected with the right of the Second Division. While forming my regiment, and before the remainder of the brigade on my right had formed, the enemy opened a sharp fire on my left and the right of the Second Division, causing the troops on my left to retire somewhat, thus leaving my left flank exposed. we, however, held the enemy for some minutes, when I discovered that he was close on my flank and rear, causing my men to retire to save capture. those of my command who succeeded in making their escape were rallied and formed on the left of the One hundred and fourth New York Volunteers, which position we held the remainder of the day. In this assault I lost my sergeant-major, killed, 28 men wounded; Adjutant Small, 3 line officers, and 33 men taken prisoners. During the night we threw up earth-works in our front, extending to the railroad. This position was held by us until 2 p. m. the 19th ultimo, when we moved to the right 150 yards and the works vacated by us, occupied by a portion of General Hayes' brigade, extending from my left of the railroad. At 3 p. m. the enemy attacked our line and was repulsed three times, when we were attacked in our rear, he having come around the right of our line. This attack in the rear, together with the fire from our own artillery, created a panic among the men, but not until the troops, on my right and left had fallen back did I allow my men to retire, feeling confident if we were not troubled in the rear that we could take care of the force in our front. On retiring I found that we were completely surrounded and no other alternative than to surrender, not yielding, however, until several efforts were made to elude the enemy. At this time my loss was wholly in prisoners, being captured myself, together with 3 line officers and 83 men. Lieutenant Davis and myself succeeded in making our escape from the enemy on the 20th instant. My State colors were captured,

