
but my national colors were destroyed, thus preventing their falling into his hands. My regiment being behind works, and the enemy being obliged to emerge from the thick woods in our front, resulted very much in our favor in this day's attack, and must have caused severe loss to the enemy.

But a small portion of my command were engaged on the 21st ultimo, the fighting being principally by artillery at that portion of the line occupied by my regiment.

I herewith hand you numerical list of casualties for the 18th and 19th ultimo.

CHAS. W. TILDEN,

Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Maine Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN A. GRIFFIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 5th Army Corps.

Numerical list of casualties in Sixteenth Maine Volunteers in late operations on Weldon railroad on the 18th and 19th days of August, 1864: 1 enlisted man killed, 28 enlisted men missing; total, 6 commissioned officers and 145 enlisted men.

No. 164. Report of Colonel Charles Wheelock, Ninety-seventh New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations July 30 - August 30.
HDQRS. NINETY-SEVENTH NEW YORK STATE VOLS.,Near Weldon Railroad, Va., September 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from headquarters Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade from July 29, 1864, to August 3-, 1864, viz:

On the 30th day of July, 1864, orders came to have the brigade in line at 3 a. m., and to be ready to march to any point when called, which was promptly complied with. At 5 a.m. the mine in the Ninth Corps was sprung. The brigade remained under arms until the firing ceased along the line, and returned to camp near Fort Crawford. On the 1st day of August the brigade relieved the Third Brigade, Colonel Hartshorne, from picket in front of the Jones house, remaining until August 15, when we went into camp near the Suffolk, railroad, remaining until August 18, when, at daylight, the brigade moved to the Weldon railroad, a distance of some eight miles on the route taken. Day very warm; men suffering much from the extreme heat. Reached our destination about 11 a. m., the brigade forming in column of regiments, half a mile north of the railroad. At 2 p. m. advanced northwest into the woods, which was very dense, for one-third of a mile. We there met the First Brigade falling back, with a heavy fire in front from the enemy's skirmishers. At this juncture Colonel Coulter, who had returned form leave of absence on account of wounds, and had been in command of the brigade for the three days previous, being yet unwell, I assumed command of the brigade for the three days previous, being yet unwell, I assumed command and at once advanced Companies D, F and B of the Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers as skirmishers; at the same time deployed the brigade into line extending to the right, with the Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers faced to the right on the right flank. the First Brigade here reformed on my left. the whole line then, by order of the general commanding, advanced under a heavy skirmish fire from the enemy. After driving back the enemy half a mile, and 100

