
December 8 [9]. - Moved to Jarratt's Station, on Weldon railroad, and commenced the destruction of the track.

December 9 [10]. - Moved toward the entrenchments on the return.

December 10 [11]. - Reached Nottoway River and bivouacked on the north side.

December 11 [12]. - Reached present camp, in front of Fort Clarke and Fort Siebert, between Vaughan and Halifax roads.

First Brigade, Third Division.

August 12. - The brigade broke camp at 1 p. m. and marched to City Point.

August 13. - Went on board of transports at noon, and at 10 p. m. sailed to Deep Bottom, where it disembarked at daylight next morning and immediately advanced skirmishers, and was soon engaged with the enemy's outposts. It remained in the vicinity of Deep Bottom, doing it share of skirmishing, until the night of the 18th.

August 18. - Recrossed the James and marched to the trenches before Petersburg, relieving a division of the Ninth Corps in a position formerly occupied by the Fifth Corps, where it now [August 31] remains. The brigade has remained in the trenches during the month.

September 10. - It captured a portion of the enemy's picket in our front and established a better line for ourselves. Otherwise, nothing of importance has occurred.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

August 1. - Brigade was commanded by Colonel H. J. Madill and was encamped near Petersburg, Va.

August 5. - A part of the Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers was mustered out of service by reason of the expiration of their time, and the remainder were transferred to the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, First Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps. The number mustered out was 18 commissioned officers and 206 enlisted men;transferred, 5 commissioned officers and 350 enlisted men.

August 11. - Colonel Madill, commanding brigade, received a leave of absence on surgeon's certificate of disability, and Colonel C. A. Craig, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assumed command.

August 12. - Command received marching orders and proceeded to City Point, Va., the same day.

August 13. - Embarked at City Point, going up James River to Deep Bottom, Va.

August 14. - Arrived in the morning and disembarked.

August 15. - We were temporarily transferred to the Tenth Corps (General D. B. Birney), and were sent on a reconnaissance to Charles City road. We met the enemy and drove them one mile and a half, taking position on the road as ordered; withdrew the same evening and rejoined the Second Division, Tenth Corps.

August 16. - Participated in the battle of this date. In the two actions the brigade sustained a loss of our commanding officer (Colonel C. A. Craig) killed, 8 commissioned officers wounded, and 3 missing; 12 enlisted men killed, 98 wounded, and 81 missing. After the action of the 16th Colonel John Pulford, Fifth Michigan Volunteers, assumed command.

August 17. - Rejoined our own division and corps.

August 18. - Crossed to the south side of the James River and marched to the vicinity of Petersburg, a distance of over twenty miles.

