
yards beyond the right of the Second Division, resting on the railroad, I found my line within 100 yards of the enemy's intrenchments. I gave the order to lie down, which was very fortunate, for at that moment we received the fire from the enemy's whole line, doing but little harm, the fire mostly passing over us. We remained un this position, throwing up intrenchments, on the night of the 18th.

On the morning of the 19th, at daylight, I found that the enemy had fallen back from their works into the corn field. The Second Brigade was marched to the right and commenced building new works, the First Brigade taking the intrenchments we had vacated. Heavy skirmishing was keep up most of the time until 2 p. m., when a simultaneous attack was made on the left of the First Brigade, or the right of picket-lines on our right, and without any notice came upon our right flank and rear. At the same time the whole First Brigade was captured or fallen back from the intrenchments, which left my right and left without any protection. To add to the confusion, our own batteries were shelling every part of the woods and with great accuracy, striking our line of works, and, to aid the panic, the Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers on my left was ordered by a staff officer to march by the left and leave the works. I reached the left in time to halt the remainder of the brigade and ordered every man over the works, and to lie down to avoid our own shells. After waiting in this position a few moments a column of the enemy appeared in our rear (now become our front) with orders to surrender, but with a few volleys they withdrew with the loss of many of their men, running into our lines, with some thirteen of our own men who had been captured. I at the same time ordered my right flank to form and march double quick to cut off some part of the enemy's column, but we only succeeded in capturing a few men and a stand of colors, as the woods was so dense that we could not see over forty or fifty yards. Getting the men again into the works we remained until all was quiet except our own shells, and to avoid them I thought int prudent to leave the works, and did so by forming in line and marching cautiously to the open field. Reforming the brigade, was ordered by General Crawford to retake the intrenchments, which was immediately done without any loss., Remained there until the next day, when the brigade was relieved by a portion of the Ninth Corps. We then marched to the rear of the Brick [Blick?] house and threw up intrenchments, remaining there until the 21st, being under a heavy fire from the enemy's battery through the engagement of that day. 22nd, moved into the works in front of the Yellow House. That night made heavy traverses. 23rd, brigade engaged all day in tearing up and destroying railroad, 24th, afternoon went into camp half a mile to right of railroad. 25th, received orders to march to the right about one mile. After reaching that point we commenced building a fort, but were recalled and marched to the left one mile from the Yellow House, threw up new intrenchments, working all night. 26th, made heavy abatis in front and remained in this position until the 29th.

I wish to state that the prisoners captured from the Second Brigade were mostly from their leaving the works without orders. The Ninety-fourth, however, lost mostly by the attack on the right flank. The three right companies, being mostly new men, surrendered without any effort to repulse the assault, and Major McMahon, a brave officer, being wounded, they became panic-stricken at the first fire from the enemy. The Ninety-seventh New York being ordered to leave the works, and without my knowledge, and doing so lost some 80 men and 6 officers, when, if they had remained, would not have lost a man.

