
The commanding officers of regiments, and, in fact, all of the officers and men generally of the brigade, acted most gallantly and praiseworthy, except in the case of the new recruits on the right of the Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, who were taken by surprise and must be considered with some degree of allowance.

The casualties of the brigade were as follows: The Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, 2 enlisted men killed, 10 wounded; 1 commissioned officer and 71 enlisted men missing. Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers, 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers and 10 enlisted men wounded, 6 commissioned officers and 87 enlisted men missing. Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, 1 enlisted man killed, 1 commissioned officer and 3 enlisted men wounded, 6 commissioned officers and 131 enlisted men missing. Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 1 commissioned officer killed, 3 enlisted men wounded, and 28 enlisted men missing; total, 2 commissioned officers and 7 enlisted men killed, 4 commissioned officers and 26 enlisted men wounded, 13 commissioned officers and 317 enlisted men missing.*

On the 29th General Baxter returned and relieved me of the command of the brigade.

I have the honor to be, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. WHEELOCK,

Colonel, Commanding Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE MONTEIGH, Assistant Adjutant-General:

P. S. - The conduct of Captain Doolittle, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Manchester, aide, are worthy of mention, doing all that brave men could do, but being taken prisoners early in the action their services were lost. Both succeeded afterward in escaping.

No. 165. Report of Brigadier General Henry Baxter, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations September 15.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,September 15, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Third Division, Fifth army Corps, dated September 14, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of reconnaissance made to-day toward the Boydton plank road with the following force: My own brigade of infantry, 1,200; 600 cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Robinson, and 200 cavalry, commanded by Major Falls:

Started at 4 a. m., taking a wood road leading from Fort Davis (south fort), on the Weldon railroad, toward the Vaughan road. Struck Spring Church road joins it. Here the force was divided, Major Falls, with his command, driving the enemy's pickets down the Vaughan road, and the rest of the command, Lieutenant-Colonel Robinson leading, moved toward Poplar Spring Church. On both roads the enemy had but a small force, but made a stubborn resistance, being aided by numerous barricades thrown across the narrow wood roads. Major Falls drove them across Arthur's Swamp on the Vaughan road proper. On the other side of the swamp the enemy made a stand behind a baricade, from which they were not dislodged. Connection was then

---------------

* But see revised statement, p.124.

---------------

