
No. 166. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry M. Tremlett, Thirty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations December 7,12.
HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,December 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, in accordance with circular, the following as the part taken by the Thirty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers in the late movement:

The regiment broke camp about daylight, Wednesday, December 8 [7], 1864, and having been assigned the advance marched in that position following the Jerusalem plank road till in the afternoon, when we turned toward the west and crossed the Nottoway River, about 5 o'clock, and after marching some three miles halted for the night. thursday morning the regiment left camp at daylight, and after a march of a few miles, passing Sussex Court-House and Coman's Well, was deployed as flankers near the Halifax road, where the cavalry had been engaged, in destroying the railroad, where it remained till near night, when it was withdrawn and went into camp near the cross-roads above Belfield. Here a half of the regiment was sent to picket the roads. Saturday morning the troops returned, and the regiment was designated to act as flankers in rear of the column. after marching some five miles in this capacity the rear guard of cavalry was driven in, and that part of the regiment, which had come in from picket the night before, and was then on the right of the brigade, was thrown out as skirmishers, but the enemy making no further demonstration it was withdrawn, and followed the column as flankers. Halted for the night near Sussex Court-House. Sunday morning the march was resumed at daylight, the Thirty-ninth Massachusetts marching on the right of the brigade; passed Sussex Court-House; drew rations near there; crossed the Nottoway at 4 o'clock; marched some four miles farther, and halted for the night. Monday morning at 9 o'clock the march was resumed, and we reached our present camp about 3 p. m.

The casualties of the regiment are as follows: Missing 5.* These men all fell out exhausted, intending to take a short rest, but were probably taken by the enemy.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. TREMLETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain F. H. COWDREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

---------------

* Nominal list omitted.

---------------

