
No. 168. Reports of Colonel Charles Wheelock, Ninety-seventh New York Infantry, of operations August 18 and December 7-12.
HDQRS. NINETY-SEVENTH Regiment N. Y. STATE VOL. INFTY.,Near Weldon Railroad, Va., September 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to make the following report in regard to the part taken by the Ninety-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers in the last engagements, on the Weldon railroad, Va., August 18, 19, and 21, 1864:

On the morning of the 18th, at daylight, we broke camp and took up the line of march with the brigade for the Weldon railroad, reaching there at 11 a. m. Soon after formed in column of regiments, the Ninety-seventh in front in the open field half a mile to the right of the railroad. At about 2 p. m. advanced into the woods some 100 rods, when we met the First Brigade falling back, with heavy skirmishing in front. At this time Colonel Coulter, commanding brigade, being taken sick, the command devolved upon me, Captain D. E. Hall taking command of the Ninety-seventh Regiment New York State Volunteers, who will report the balance of the engagements in which the Ninety-seventh participated.

I have the honor, captain, to be, yours, very respectfully,

S. WHEELOCK,

Colonel, Commanding Regiments.

Captain ISAAC DOOLITTLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NINETY-SEVENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,December 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part take by the Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers in the late movement to the Weldon railroad, va., to wit:

On the 7th instant this regiment, with the brigade, broke camp at 4.30 a. m., and marched south by the Jerusalem plank road to the Nottoway River, crossing on pontoon bridges, and reaching, after rapid marching, Sussex Court-House the same at about 7 p. m., and commenced destroying road; worked until 1 a. m., next morning. In the morning of the 9th marched south, destroying road until night. Next morning, the 10th instant, left for Sussex Court-House, the Ninety-seventh Regiment as rear guard of the corps. At about 2 p. m. the cavalry guarding the rear was driven in and through the rear of the Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers formed at once, faced to the rear into line, and with the first volley the enemy retreated, the location being such it was impossible to tell what effect our fire had. At this point Second Lieutenant James Evans, of Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers, was supposed to have been captured. We then continues the march, and at 6 p. m., it being quite dark, the enemy made the second charge and drove in our cavalry. Not having time to properly post the rear guard, the

