
enemy succeeded in making his escape, except seven killed and wounded and a few prisoners. Three horses of the enemy were left dead. Encamped about four miles south of Sussex Court-House. Next morning, the 11th instant, the Ninety-seventh New York was relieved from rear guard and marched in advance of brigade, arriving in present camp on the 12th instant at night. Casualties.*

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. WHEELOCK,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain R. H. COWDREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 169. Report of Captain Delos E. Hall, Ninety-seventh New York Infantry, of operations August 18-21.
HDQRS. NINETY-SEVENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,September 6, 1864:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from your headquarters, I have the honor to report the following ad the part taken by this regiment on the 18th, 19th, and 21st of August, 1864:

The regiment was commanded by Colonel Charles Wheelock until 2 o'clock on the 18th, when he assumed command of the brigade, leaving the regiment under my command. At this time the regiment was in line about 80 rods to the right of the railroad in a dense wood. The skirmishers in our front were falling back, passing through our line. the flank companies of this regiment were immediately thrown forward as skirmishers, under command of Lieutenant Frank Faville, who advanced the line as far as practicable. Lieutenant Faville, with his first sergeant, while endeavoring to form a connection with the Third Brigade, which was deployed as skirmishers on his right, was captured. About 4 p. m., having received orders to advance, I moved the regiment forward nearly one-fourth of a mile in line with this and the First Brigade, of this division, when a sharp skirmish fire checked our advance, and we were very near the enemy's line, and as soon as dark we, according to instructions, threw up a line of breast-works and remained there during the night. During the forenoon of the 19th there was some skirmishing in our front. About 2 p. m. a simultaneous attack on the right and left of the brigade was made, causing the line to our left of give way. Soon after this it was discovered that the enemy had gained our rear from the right. This, with the shell from our own batteries, caused some excitement, but the men stood firm until orders were received from a division staff officer to move to the left. I immediately faced the regiment to the left and moved up the line of works for some distance; then to the left, reaching the open field with but little confusion, though with a considerable loss. We immediately halted, and very soon moved back with the brigade to the works with but little opposition, where we remained until morning, when we were relieved by a portion of the Ninth Army Corps. We moved back to the caring

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 4 enlisted men missing.

---------------

