
and took position near the Blixk house, throwing up breast-works. Remained there that day and night. On the morning of the 21st the regiment was under a heavy fire form the enemy's batteries during the engagement of that morning, but met with no casualties. Since that time have been held in reserve and participated in no engagements.

The total loss of the regiment during the engagements of August 18 and 19 was, 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers and 10 enlisted men wounded, 6 commissioned officers and 87 enlisted men missing. Aggregate loss, 111.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. HALL,

Captain, Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers.

Captain ISAAC DOOLITTLE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 5th Army Corps.

No. 170. Report of Captain F. Haines, Eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 18-21.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Near Weldon Railroad, Va., September 6, 1864.

SIR: On morning of 18th of August this regiment, with brigade and division, moved from camp in direction of Weldon railroad. Were moved on right of railroad between the Yellow House and the woods. after some skirmishing by the First Division this division moved into the woods, First and Third Brigades in line, this brigade supporting, being formed in column of regiments, this regiment being third from right. Soon after advance was made skirmishers became engaged and brigade was deployed; this regiment on right. about 6 p. m. established the line on which breast-works were subsequently erected, and during the night erected earth-works. During the day skirmishing was kept up. About 4 p. m. the enemy, having broken through Third Brigade on right, made an attack on the rear of this brigade, which lasted about one hour. It was warmly contested and with varied success. Once the line was forced into the open ground, but the original position was soon recovered. The principal loss was in prisoners (including Lieutenant John Brenneman, Company G), and these generally were from the skirmish line, which consisted of Companies D, E, and G, under Captain John B. Overmyer, who was himself twice taken by the enemy, but escaped. Two men were killed and several wounded by the fire of our own batteries. Regiment remained on this ground until the morning of 20th of August, when, being relieved, the brigade retired to position in rear of Yellow House, remaining here until the morning of 21st of August, when we were moved to the left of the railroad. The regiment was present in the action of 21st, but was not engaged. Captain Noble, Company A, recaptured the colors of the Ninety-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, which had been taken by the enemy. The colors of the Twenty-fourth North Carolina Regiment (rebel) were captured by Private George W. Reed, Company E, this regiment, for which act a Medal

