
of Honor has since been ordered by the Secretary of War to be bestowed on him. The conduct of both officers and men was all that could be expected.

The entire casualties in this regiment occurred on the 19th of August, and were as follows, viz: Killed, 2 men; wounded, 10 men; missing, 1 officer and 73 men; total, 1 officer and 85 men; aggregate, 86.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. HAINES,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain ISAAC DOOLITTLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 171. Report of Colonel Richmond, Eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations December 7-12.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Camp on Jerusalem Plank Road,

Before Petersburg, Va., December 14, 1864.

SIR: In reply of circular of this date, I make following report of regiment during recent movement of corps:

Morning of 7th instant marched, crossing Nottoway, and camped at Sussex Court-House. Next day (8th instant) march resumed. At dark commenced operations on Weldon railroad, about four miles south of Nottoway bridge, destroying the road, burning cross-ties, and heating and bending the rails. At midnight went into bivouac. Next day (9th instant) destruction of railroad continued, moving in direction of Hicksford Station on the Meherrin, and at night camped on Halifax road about two miles from river. Morning of 10th instant column started on return, this brigade rear guard. This day I was assigned duty of commanding skirmishers on right flank of division, for which following regiments were assigned: First Brigade, Seventh Wisconsin; Third Brigade, Ninety-fifth New York; Second Brigade, Thirty-ninth Massachusetts and Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania. Owing to rains the roads were very deep, and marching heavy and slow. After marching about five miles, brigade halted at --- house, Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania and part of Thirty-ninth Massachusetts being at left of column. At this point a squadron of Second New York Cavalry, * acting as rear guard, were driven in by a small party of the enemy, and passed through brigade in great confusion. Eighty-eight Pennsylvania and part of Thirty-ninth Massachusetts (skirmishers) were immediately deployed to rear on right of road connecting with Ninety-seventh New York, each regiment deploying skirmishers in their respective fronts. A small body of the enemy advanced within a very short distance of the line, but were repulsed without difficulty, and march was presumed. The infantry were not again molested, although the rear was closely followed by detachment of the enemy's cavalry. About 7 p. m., when near camp of division, Eleventh Pennsylvania, Ninety-seventh New York, and part of Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania were, by general commanding division, placed in position to intercept the cavalry, who had been hanging on

---------------

* Second Mounted Rifles.

---------------

