
(Third), all under guard of the Eighteenth North Carolina Regiment, rallied the men, demanded the surrender of their guard, seized the enemy's colors, and safely brought them within our lines; also the color-bearer of said regiment (Eighteenth North Carolina) with them.

The regiment had in line effective men on the 19th instant, 11 commissioned officers and 170 enlisted men.

The casualties since 18th instant, are 2 enlisted men killed and 3 wounded; 6 commissioned officers and 145 enlisted men missing. The officers missing are Captain E. D. Roath, Company E, and E. E.. Ziegler. Company G; Lieuts. G. C. Stair, Company A, William Shuler, Company C, George W. Huff, Company D, and John H. Beamenderfer, Company I.

I have omitted to state above that during the operations herein mention the regiment was under the command of Colonel Thomas F. McCoy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. J. SHEAFER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. A. GRIFFIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 175. Report of Colonel Thomas F. McCoy, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations December 5-12.
HDQRS. 107TH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Camp before Petersburg, Va., December 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your circular of this date, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my regiment in the late movement:

On the afternoon of the 5th instant I received orders to break up camp at Fort Dushane, and, as soon as relieved, to join the brigade near the Gurley house. being relieved at once by the One hundred and nineteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, I was soon, with the other regiments composing the brigade, at the designated place. The march was continued until we reached the Jerusalem plank road, where we were offered to bivouac for the night. During the 6th we remained quietly in camp. On the evening of that day orders were received to move at daylight on the next morning. On the morning of the 7th we were on the march before daylight, with our brigade leading the column. The march was southward on the Jerusalem plank road, which we followed for thirteen miles, when the march was directed southwest toward Sussez Court-House (passing the Nottoway on pontoons), at which place we arrived at 9 p. m., and bivouacked for the night, after having marched about twenty miles. It rained some during the day; there was no fighting. At daylight of the 8th the column was on the march southward on the Sussex road, but after marching in that direction for two miles turned to the right and westward past Coman's Well, and in the direction of the Weldon railroad at Potts' Store. On this part of the march a body of the enemy's cavalry was met with, and, after some skirmishing, was driven off, only serving to retard the march for a half hour. At a point near the railroad my

