
of flankers became detached. In his efforts to regain his proper position Colonel Harney became lost - supposed to have been captured by the enemy.

The report of the officer upon whom the command of the regiment devolved is appended, also a tabular list of casualties.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOFMANN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major E. C. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

The number of prisoners captured by my command was between 50 and 60. The exact number I am not able to give, as they were immediately turned over to the provost-marshal of the division, no receipt being taken. The above were brought in by Captain E. Samck, Ninety-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOFMANN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, December 16, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the recent movement on Hicksford.

The brigade broke camp on the morning of the 7th instant and joined the division on the Jerusalem plank road. The brigade consisted of the following regiments: Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Major Jack commanding; One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Warren commanding, two companies of the late Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, Captain Fish commanding; Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Creney commanding, and the headquarters guard; total, 1,328 muskets. The brigade crossed the Nottoway River at Freeman's Bridge and moved to and bivouacked at Sussex Court-House at 9 a. m.

On the 8th, and 7 a. m., moved toward the Weldon railroad via coman's Well. When about two miles beyond this place, this brigade leading the column, a small force of the enemy's cavalry endeavored to cut through the column, but were driven off, without loss to us. At 7 p. m. the brigade commenced destroying the railroad. By 11 p. m. about one mile of it was destroyed. Bivouacked, and at 7 a. m. on the 9th moved to about four miles below Jarratt's Station. Here the brigade destroyed about three-fourths of a mile of the road, then moved to beyond Three Creek, where about half a mile of the road was destroyed; then went into bivouac. At 9 a. m. on the 10th instant moved on Sussex Court-House. Bivouacked at 5 p. m. when within about five miles of it. Resumed the march at 8 a. m. on the 11th instant, and when within one mile of Sussex Court-House formed line of battle and erected breast-works to resist a threatened attack on the rear of the column. Subsequently

---------------

* Embodied in table, p.157.

---------------

