
moved on and recrossed the Nottoway River at Freeman's Bridge, and bivouacked at 6 p. m. near ---. Resumed the march at 9 a. m. on the 12th instant and arrived in camp at 4 p. m. The work of destroying the railroad was done in a very thorough manner - all the ties burns and all the rails bent. The conduct of the officers and men on this expedition is deserving of praise. There was very little straggling. The few who straggled gel into the hands of the enemy. A nominal list* of them is herewith sent, showing a loss of 9 men.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOFMANN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major E. C. BAIRD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps.

No. 177. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Horatio N. Warren, One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 27-28 and December 7-12.
HDQRS. 142nd REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,October 29, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the recent operations.

Left camp at 5 a. m. on the 27th instant. At 11 a. m. same day, formed line on the woods a short distance beyond --- saw-mill, right resting on --- Creek. Advanced thorough the woods about one mile, driving the enemy's skirmishers. Line halted here, and my regiment was ordered on picket for the night. Withdrew at dawn on the morning of the 28th instant to an open field on the opposite side of said creek. About 1 o'clock that day marched in the distance marched as flankers, arriving at our old camp in the works about 5 p. m. that day.

Casualties: 1 man killed, 1 man wounded, 1 man missing.

Respectfully submitted.

H. N. WARREN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 142nd Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain LAMBDIN,

Assist. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Div., Fifth Army Corps.
HDQRS. 142nd REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,December 13, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the recent operations in the direction of Belville [Belfield].

Left camp at daylight December 7 and marched nearly to Sussex Court-House and camped for the night. December 8, broke camp early and marched in the direction of the Weldon railroad. Halted about 2 p. m. near the road some distance below Stony Station until dark,

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

