
when we marched to and destroyed about one-eighth of a mile and rested for the night. December 9, about 9 a. m. marched in the direction of Belville [Belfield]; destroyed the railroad as we went. Part of the day my command picketed for the brigade while they were destroying the road. Camped that night near the railroad bridge over --- Creek. December 10, marched toward Sussex Court-House, part of the time as flankers, and camped about four miles from there that night. December 11, marched all day, part of the time as flankers,and camped for the night a short distance this side of the Nottoway River. December 12, marched all day and arrived at our old camp about 5 p. m.

No casualties occurred during the march.

Respectfully submitted.

H. N. WARREN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. H. LAMBDIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Div., Fifth Army Corps.

No. 178. Report of Captain Henry H. Fish, Ninety-fourth New York Infantry, of operations December 7-12.
HDQRS. NINETY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,December 13, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with provisions of circular of this date, I have the honor to forward the following report:

Wednesday, December 7, marched at daylight with the brigade; crossed the Nottoway River in the afternoon and bivouacked near Sussex Court [House] for the night. Thursday, December 8, resumed the march at daybreak. Near Coman's Well the enemy made demonstrations. Marched into a corn-field, formed line of battle and advanced a short distance. Marched into the road again and went forward a few rods, formed line again and waited about half an hour, when the march was continued. At 12 m. halted and rested until dark. At 7 p. m. marched to the Weldon railroad, and tore up the track, burning the rails and ties. About midnight was formed in a field and rested the remainder of the night. Friday, December 9, at 8 a. m., the march was resumed. Marched through Jarratt's Station, and halted about a mile beyond the village. Marched in line through the fields to the railroad, which we destroyed. At 3 p. m. moved back about one-fourth of a mile to act as rear guard. At 3.30 moved forward to the junction of the Halifax and Sussex Court-House roads; halted and destroyed more railroad. At dusk moved into a pine woods and bivouacked for the night. Furnished three officers and 150 men for picket. Saturday, December 10, 1864, at 11.30 the march was resumed. Marched as flankers on the left flank of the brigade. Halted for the night in a pine woods four miles south of Sussex Court-House. At 11.30 fell in and marched out into a field, where we formed line of battle and sent one tenth of our strength on picket. Remained here the rest of the night. Sunday, December 11, at 10 a. m. resumed the march. Halted near Sussex Court-House to draw rations and make coffee. Remained twenty minutes; fell in and formed a line of battle, throwing up breastworks. Remained an hour, fell in, marched in retreat in line of battle a short distance; halted, marched by the left flank to the road and continued

