
the march. Crossed the Nottoway River and halted for the night on the Jerusalem plank road at 7 p. m. Monday, December 12, marched at 8 a. m. leading the brigade, and halted near our starting point at the defenses, going into camp at 4 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. FISH,

Captain, Ninety-fourth New York Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Div., Fifth Army Corps.

No. 179. Report of Captain Henry M. Jennings, Ninety-fifth New York Infantry, of operations December 7-10.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIFTH Regiment NEW YORK STATE VOLS.,December 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of December 13, 1864, form Third Brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report the part taken by the Ninety-fifth Regiment in the large move on the Weldon railroad, as follows:

The regiment moved from camp at daylight on the morning of the 7th instant and bivouacked near Sussex Court-House. Resumed our march at 3 p. m., 8th instant, and encountered the enemy's cavalry about 12 m. Also participated in the destruction of the Welson railroad from the 8th to the 10th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JENNINGS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 180. Report of Captain John McKinlock, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Infantry, of operations October 27-28.

Report of the part taken by the One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers in the recent operations of October 27 and 28, 1864:

The regiment broke camp at 4,30 a. m. the 27th instant, and arrived at Armstrong's Mill about 11 a. m., were Lieutenant Colonel George Harney, then in command of the regiment, received orders from the brigade commander, Colonel Hofmann, to deploy the regiment as skirmishers or flankers, with the right connecting with General Bragg's command, First Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps. Left and moved by the flank, forming al line at right angles with the line of battle in order to protect the left flank of the advancing line of the Fifth Corps. the regiment deployed in accordance with orders and the line of battle moved forward nearly half a mile, when it was discovered that our right had lost its connection, the troops having, by reason of the natural obstructions presented by the ground to be passed over, oblique to the right and to such a distance that it was impossible to find and form the

34 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

