
December 3. - Moved about 500 yards in front of works and encamped.

December 7. - Broke camp at 6 a. m. and marched to the Gurley house, where the brigade joined the division which accompanied the Fifth Corps in the expedition on the Weldon railroad; marched on the Jerusalem plank road to the Nottoway River; encamped for the night on the south bank of the river.

December 8. - Took up the line of march on road leading to Jarratt's Station, on Weldon railroad, passing Sussex Court-House and Coman's Well; encamped about one mile and a half from the railroad.

December 9. - Marched at daylight on road leading to Jarratt's Station, on Weldon railroad, and immediately commenced destroying the toad; moved south, burning and destroying the road to the Meherrin River; bivouacked for the night near the river.

December 10. - Took up our line of retreat; bivouacked near the Sussex Court-House for the night.

December 11. - Marched at 10 a. m.; passed Sussex Court-House about 12 m.; recrossed the Nottoway and encamped for the night about three miles north of the river, on the Jerusalem plank road.

December 12. - Marched and went into camp on the right and near the Halifax road.

December 13. - Changed camp a short distance to the right.

December 31. - The brigade is now encamped a short distance to the right and in front of the works at the Yellow House.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

August 12. - Remained in camp near Petersburg to this date, when the brigade moved to City Point, reaching there at 8 o'clock in the evening.

August 13. - Embarked on transports during the afternoon. At 10 p. m. started for Deep Bottom, arriving there about daybreak.

August 14. - Disembarked at 8 a. m. At 9 a. m. marched to New Market road. At 7 p. m. the brigade was ordered to report to General Miles, who ordered us to take position on the right near New Market road, where we remained in line until 4 o'clock next morning.

August 15. - Ordered to join our division in the rear. At 9 a. m. were again advanced to the front and left of Four-Mile Creek; massed in the woods and remained there all day and until 6 pl. m. of the 18th, when we were ordered to take position between the New Market and Malvern Hill roads, to protect the pontoon bridge, as an attack from the enemy was expected. At 10 p. m. received orders to rejoin our division, then recrossing the James River. Crossed pontoon bridge at 11 o'clock and marched back to front of Petersburg.

August 19. - Arrived there at 8 a. m. At 3 p. m. relieved the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Ninth Corps, in the works on the Norfolk and Suffolk Railroad, and took position in the entrenchments.

August 20. - Were relieved at 6 pl. m. by troops of the Eighteenth Corps. Marched to the left and took position in front of the jones house. Threw up breast-works and remained in that position until 3 p. m. of the 25th, when we received marching orders. Marched to the left, taking the Jerusalem plank road until we reached its junction with Reams' Station road, and halted; threw up breast-works to protect the left of this army.

August 26. - Returned to and reoccupied our former position of the 25th instant, where the brigade now [August 31] remains.

