
proper connection. Lieutenant-Colonel Harney was untiring in his efforts to ascertain the position of the lost line, riding in the direction they were supposed to have gone and communicating frequently with the regiment, which kept moving by the flank and forward, until it had passed about three-fourths of a mile beyond a point known a point known as Dobson's [Dabney's] steam mill, where he ordered the regiment to assemble the brigade, but meeting Captain Watkins, of Colonel Hofmann's staff, he returned, and with him Captain Watkins and Captain Coey, of this regiment, rode past the regiment in search of the skirmish line of General Bragg's brigade, which he succeeded in finding. He then directed Captain Coey to return and move the regiment forward, himself returning in the direction of General Bragg's line, to find the best route to conduct the regiment to the point of connection, which was near the extreme right flank of the Second Corps.

The Second Corps was vigorously attacked at about this time, and as nothing has been seen or heard of him since I fear he was either killed or captured. The regiment reached the place where it was to halt until the return of Lieutenant-Colonel Harney and remained there until dark, when, having heard nothing from him, I assumed command of the regiment and, in compliance with orders from the division commander, delivered by Lieutenant-Colonel Osborn to move half a mile down the road, in which I was directed to place a sufficient number of guards to prevent all stragglers form passing to the rear and to order them back to their commands. About 9 a. m. Captain Watkins came with orders from Colonel Hofmann to rejoin the brigade immediately. We did so, and were then deployed as skirmishers in a piece of woods at the left of our division, with orders to drive all stragglers from the guard. As soon as the woods were cleared the regiment was assembled, rejoined the brigade, and marched back to the camp occupied by it previous to the movement, which we reached at about 4 p. m. of the 28th instant.

No casualties were sustained by the regiment during the entire movement with the exception of the loss of Lieutenant Colonel George Harney, its gallant commander.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN McKINLOCK,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

No. 181. Report of Captain James Coey, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Infantry, of operations December 7-12.
HEADQUARTERS 147TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,December 14, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular, date of December 13, headquarters Third Brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report:

This regiment broke camp at daylight on the morning of the 7th instant and marched to near Sussex Court-House, where they encamped

