
for the night. At 5 a. m. the 8th instant the regiment moved in the direction of Jarratt's Station, and after proceeding three or four miles met a few of the enemy's cavalry, when, pursuant to orders, the regiment was deployed as skirmishers with the line running perpendicular to the road. We then moved forward a short distance, made a right wheel, crossing the road, and acted as flankers on the right flank of the brigade. We moved to within two miles of Jarratt's Station, when the regiment was thrown out as pickets for the protection of the balance of the brigade, which was engaged in tearing up the railroad track at that point. We remained here until 9 a. m. the 9th instant, when we advanced along the line of the railroad about two miles beyond Jarratt's Station, when we were halted and the regiment proceeded to demolish the railroad track. After remaining here two hours we advanced about three miles, were again halted, and destroyed more of the railroad. We then moved back toward Jarratt's Station about a mile and went into camp for the night. At 10 a. m. the 10th instant we marched in the direction of and to within six miles of Sussex Court-House and there encamped for the night. At 9 a. m. the 11th instant we marched to within two miles of Sussex Court-House and there halted and threw up works to the right of the road. We remained there a short time and then move through the Court-House and crossed the river, encamping for the night four miles this side of the river.

About 8 a. m. the 12th instant the regiment was deployed as flankers on the left of the brigade, and with it (the brigade), moved to its present camp, arriving at about 4.30 p. m. the 12th instant.

The casualties sustained by the regiment during the movement are as follows:*

JAMES COEY,

Captain, Commanding 147th New York Volunteers.

Captain J. HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Div., Fifth Army Corps.

No. 182. Reports of Major John T. Jack, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 27-28 and December 7-12.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SIXTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,Yellow House, Va., October 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report as the part taken by the Fifty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in the late movement:

The Fifty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers broke camp on the morning of the 27th instant and march, in company with the Third Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, to beyond the extreme left of our present line of works, where it was formed in line of battle and advanced, meeting only the enemy's skirmishers, losing one man wounded. On the night of the 27th instant threw up line of earth-works. At 3.30 on the morning of the 28th ordered to retire, and during the day returned to the present camp.

JOHN T. JACK,

Major Commanding Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Captain J. HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 men missing.

---------------

