HDQRS. FIFTY-SIXTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,December 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers broke camp on the morning of the 7th instant; marched with the column to a point on the Weldon railroad near Jarratt's Station; assisted in destroying railroad from that point to near Belfield, after which they returned to their present position.

I inclose numerical and tabular report of casualties.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. JACK,

Major, Commanding Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Captain J. HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 183. Reports of Captain Charles Barlow, One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations October 27-28 and December 7-12.
HDQRS. 121ST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,October 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the recent operations:

The regiment broke camp at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 27th instant, and took upon the line of march in a southwesterly direction to near a saw-mill attached to the Armstrong property. We then advanced in line of battle into the woods in front, the regiment forming the extreme left of the brigade. Meeting the enemy's skirmishers about 3 p. m. succeeded in driving them across a small stream. We then halted, lying in line of battle for the night and withdrew early on the following morning across the stream. The regiment was then thrown out on picket, remaining about two hours, when we were ordered to fall back by the division officer of the day to our old camp near the Yellow House, reaching it toward evening of the 28th instant.

Casualties: Serg. William Beck, Company A, and Private William S. Anderson, Company F, wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

CHARLES BARLOW,

Captain, Commanding 121st Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain J. HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 121ST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,December 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part take by the One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers in the recent operations toward Weldon, N. C.:

At 6,30 a. m. on the 7th instant the regiment broke camp near Petersburg, Va., and took up the line of march on the Jerusalem plank road

---------------

* Shows 3 men missing.

---------------

