
in a southeasterly direction, reaching the Nottoway River at 1 p. m., where we halted. At 5 p. m. we closed the river and marched to within on mile and a half of Sussex Court-House, where we bivouacked for the night. Distance marched, eighteen miles. On the morning of the 8th we continued our march forward, passing through Sussex Court-House and Coman's Well Near the latter place the regiment was deployed as skirmishers, and marched through a dense wood, but no enemy was found on our front. Toward evening the regiment was turned toward the railroad leading to Weldon, striking it in the vicinity of Jarratt's Station, and commenced immediately to burn the ties and destroy the rails. At 9.30 p. m. we stopped the work for the night, and encamped within a short distance of the railroad, having marched during the day nine miles. On the 9th the regiment assisted all day in the destruction of the railroad, and encamped for the night in the woods about two miles from Meherrin River. On the 10th the regiment was ordered back on a road running nearly parallel with the Jerusalem plank road, and intersecting it near Sussex Court-House, which latter place, after some very severe marching, we reached at 10 a. m. on the 11th instant, being deployed on the flank of the marching column. The regiment recrossed the Nottoway on the afternoon of the same day, and encamped fifteen miles to our old camping-ground, near the Yellow House, arriving here at 4 p. m.

The conduct of the officers and men during the whole movement was highly creditable. But three stragglers were reported at these headquarters, they being notorious skulkers. Two of them were returned last evening under guard form army headquarters, and were disposed of in a manner calculated to prevent a repetition of the offense. The other man, whose name accompanies this report in the list of casualties, straggled on the south side of the Nottoway, and it is thought was picked up by the enemy's cavalry.

Respectfully submitted.

CHAS. BARLOW,

Captain, Commanding 121st Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain J. HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 184. Report of Brigadier General Lysander Cutler, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of Operations July 30 - August 23.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division form July 30 to August 23, 1864:

On the 2nd of August, in obedience to orders form the major-general commanding the corps, I moved the division south on the Norfolk railroad, and about one mile and a half form the position it had been occupying during the month previous and picketed form the plank road near the Jones house easterly to the redoubt on the Norfolk railroad, a distance of about two miles, placing about 400 men at the redoubt, and distributing the balance of my command along the line to the Jones house, where I remained without any occurrence of note, except the ordinary routine of picket and fatigue duty until the 14th of August, when I was withdrawn and went into camp preparatory to other movements.

