
At 4 o'clock on the morning of the 18th, I moved, following the balance of the corps to the Weldon railroad, where we arrived about 10 o'clock. On arriving there I was ordered to move up on the right of the road toward Petersburg and hold my command in readiness for any services which might be needed of them. General Ayres was formed on the left of and across the railroad, and was moving on toward Petersburg. General Crawford was on his right. Ayres soon became engaged with the enemy and sent to me for assistance. I at once sent to him my Second Brigade, Colonel Hofmann, who rendered him, as I ma informed by General Ayres, very valuable aid, enabling him to hold his ground at a critical moment and to repulse the enemy. I moved my First Brigade, General Bragg, up to cover an interval between Ayres and Crawford, and sent our a heavy line of skirmishers to the front, where they remained until 3 a. m. of the 19th, when the brigade was sent to General Crawford and were deployed as a skirmish line between Crawford's right. In that affair I lost three valuable officers, killed and wounded, and a large number of men killed, wounded, and captured. During the night I collected together the scattered men. On the 20th both brigades were returned to me, and I was ordered to go into position on Ayres' left, retiring my left so as to form a line nearly parallel with the railroad. I got them in position and intrenched during the night. Early on the 21st the enemy made his appearance in heavy force in forint of my right, opening a heavy fire of artillery at the same time. The attack was handsomely repulsed, with severe loss to the enemy; but the immediately made his appearance on my left, and was in like manner repulsed. this closed the operations of the day, as it also closes my services with the division, of which I have been a member from its organization.

I have heretofore spoken of my staff in fitting terms. I wish to urge upon the general the great anxiety I have to see Colonel Hofmann, commanding Second Brigade, suitably rewarded for his very faithful and gallant services. Since this campaign commenced the brigade has captured eight battle-flags and large numbers of prisoners. No man better deserves promotion than he.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. CUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

No. 185. Reports of Brigadier General Edward S. Bragg, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 18-21.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Near Weldon Railroad, September 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the operations on the Weldon railroad form 18th to 21st August, inclusive, as follows:

In the afternoon of the 18th, after the repulse of General Hayes' brigade, Second Division, on the railroad, I was directed to move my command - consisting of the Sixth and Seventh Regiments Wisconsin

