
Volunteers, Seventh and Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers, Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers, and Battalion of First New York Sharpshooters - to edge of the wood north of the Yellow Tavern and right of the railroad, to supply vacancy in the line occasioned by transfer of Hofmann's brigade, Fourth Division, to the support of the Second Division, on the left of the railroad. Having reached the position I advanced the Sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers (Captain Hyatt, of my staff, commanding) as skirmishers int the woods and proceeded swept him pu the wood until he reached his intrenched line, which was too strong to be carried by a skirmish line. Captain Hyatt held the ground gained until relieved by Lyle's brigade, Third Division, when he withdrew to the main line. At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 19th, by direction of the major-general commanding, I reported my command to the brigadier-general commanding Third Division, and was assigned position on the extreme right slightly refused, without connection. In relieving the Eighty-eighth Pennsylvanian Volunteers at the front, I deployed First Battalion New York Sharpshooters, Captain Perry commanding, and a portion of the Seventh Indiana Volunteers, Captain Armstrong commanding. The remainder of my command I intrenched at a cross-road about 100 yards in rear of the line. At 7 a. m. I was directed to deploy the remainder of my men as skirmishers, find the picket of the Ninth Corps, and advance the line, making connection with the Ninth Corps as far forward as possible. The pickets of the Ninth Corps were designated as being on the road passing the Aiken house, on mile and a half in rear of my refused flank. The country between us was a dense tangled thicket. I deployed my line on the open road, covering a large ambulance train, until I established communication with the Ninth corps pickets. I then examined personally the old line of the second corps to ascertain at what point I could make the shortest and most feasible line if I was not checked by the enemy. Having ascertained this, I advanced my whole line, the right maintaining its connection with the Ninth Corps pickets and scouring the woods as it advanced, and the left maintaining its connection with my original line, covering the whole space between the two corps, and before unoccupied. This movement was attended with great difficulty. The nature of the wood, the pelting storm, and the extended line encumbered and seriously embarrassed the whole operation; but notwithstanding it was successfully completed at 2.30 p. m., and a direct connection made with the salient of the day previous. At about 4 p. m., whole engaged in a personal reconnaissance (accompanied by Lieutenant Mead, of Third Division staff) of a more advanced position of my line the enemy in force struck my thin skirmish line near its left center, and swooped down it, purposing its capture. I hastened to the point of attack with all the reserve which I had under my command - the Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, numbering seventy-four muskets. The enemy had reached the open field near the old mill before my reserve could gain it, and thus out off the battalion New York Sharpshooters and the detachment of the Seventh Indiana Volunteers, who had relieved the Eighty-eighth Pennsylvanian Volunteers and held the extreme point of advance. These were captured entire, and I have no report from them. The Seventh Wisconsin

