
his line on the road to the Williams house; thence across to the vicinity of the Strong house, the right resting three-quarters of a mile in rear of the point it should have been. This line was established about 8 o'clock

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. COPE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 28, 19864.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of a communication form the major-general commanding desiring an explanation relative to the establishment of the picket-line on the 19th instant. In reply I have the honor to inform the major-general commanding that in the formation of that line I was assisted by the Staff officers of the brigadier-general commanding Third Division, to whose command I then belonged, and that I obeyed all the instruction given me in reference thereto and posted the line as near as possible in conformity with such instructions. The entire command labored faithfully to perform what was supposed to be the wishes of the major-general commanding, and it is extremely mortifying to learn they succeed so poorly.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. S. BRAGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Crawford, commanding Third Division.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,September 2, 1864.

Respectfully returned with report of Captain Cheaster, acting aide-de-camp of my staff.* No orders were given to Brigadier-General Bragg to take any position except as a support to my right flank on the morning of the 19th until the arrival of Captain cope, aide-de-camp to the general commanding the corps, who came charged with orders from the commanding general, and who left my headquarters about 5 a. m., with the staff officer who had previously conducted General Bragg to his position. I visited my lines during the forenoon, and was along them until 4 o'clock. About noon Major Roebling, aide-de-camp to the general commanding, arrived on the left of the line, and indicated a modification of the line as there established. While this was being carried out the enemy made his attack.

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

---------------

* See next, post.

---------------

