HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,August 30, 1864.

Captain GEORGE NOTEITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division, Fifth Corps:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from the general commanding this division, I have the honor to report that about 2.30 a. m. of the 19th instant, by order of Brigadier-General Crawford, I conducted Brigadier-General Bragg to the right of the picket-line then held by this division, the flank being without support, in order that flank; that between 4 and 5 a. m. of the same day I went out again, accompanied by Lieutenant Mead, of this staff, with orders from General Crawford to conduct Captain Cope, of Major-General Warren's staff, to General Bragg's position and assist him in prolonging General Bragg's line until it should strike the line held by the Ninth Corps; that General Bragg deployed his command down a road upon which his left rested and struck the Ninth Corps line at a point about eighty rods distant and with a bearing 10 degrees north of east form the Aiken house; that to then accompanied General Bragg along the line of the Ninth Corps as far as the Strong house, and he decided to swine his right around to a point nearly opposite there; that we then returned to the right of General Bragg' line, and he gave the order for the line to execute a left half-sheel, guiding his right by the frond of the Ninth Corps, but then held by a portion of the Second Corps, in order to find at what point General Bragg had made the junction, and left me with orders to look it up; that I found the right of General Bragg's line in the woods opposite the Strong house about 2 p. m., and the commanding officer of the regiment which was on the right (the Seventh Wisconsin) told me that the line had been broken to the left of him, and that he expected an attack at any moment; that I informed him of the position of the breast-works occupied by the Second Corps in his rear, and suggested that if pressed too hard or flanked he had better withdraw his men behind them; that hearing about that time heavy firing on the left, I hastened to rejoin General Crawford.

I am, captain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

WALTER T. CHESTER,

Captain and Engineer Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FOUGHT DIVISION,September 6, 1864.

Captain GEORGE MONTEITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your note, I would say that I was not assisted in the establishment of that line by Captain Cope. I met Captain Cope upon the road leading, as U supposed, to the Gurley house, captain Chester with him. Captain Cope inquired which was that road led. I said I though from the general direction it would lead to the Gurley house road. Captain Chester said to me then, "I think form the orders we have, General Warren desires that we shall make our picket-line across to the shortest line to connect with the Ninth Corps pickets." Captain Cope took out a map and said he thought the

