
gave orders for the Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, who were on reserve, and numbering seventy-four men, to be thrown to the point, and the regiment at once got in motion. On arriving at the point of attack we found a line of battle of the enemy had broken through the skirmish line of the Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers. The officers of the staff of General Crawford assisted General Bragg in rallying the skirmish line, which was at that point badly broken, and in disputing the advance of the enemy with the Sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers. This regiment bravely endeavored to check the enemy, and although at all times overpowered, by its rapid firing and steady front, twice forced the enemy to halt and reform his lines. The coolness and bravely of General bragg and of Lieutenant Clarke was wounded while bravely rallying the men. The advance of the enemy was checked by the opportune arrival of a brigade of the Ninth Corps. I would also state that the brigade of General Bragg consisted of about 800 men, and deployed at great intervals. I am unable to give a detailed account of their loss.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. P. MEAD,

First Lieutenant and Assistant Commissary of Musters.

No. 186. Reports of Bvt. Brigadier General Charles S. Wainwright, First New York Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations August 18-21, October 27-28, and December 7-12.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BRIGADE, FIFTH CORPS,August 31, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit herewith the following report of the part taken by my command in the occupation of our present position on the Weldon railroad and in the enemy's attacks on the 19th and 21st instant:

The command moved from camp near the Avery house soon after daylight on the 18th; Philips' and Richardson's batteries in rear of First Division - Martin's, Van Reed's, and Rogbers' in rear of Second Division, Miller's and Bigelow's in rear of Third Division, and the five remaining batteries in rear of the corps. On arriving at the railroad Martin's battery went into position near the Blick house, and replied to the fire of two pieces of the enemy on the railroad toward Petersburg. On the advance of the Second Division this battery moved forward with it to the opening around the Davis house, and again engaged the battery of the enemy, which had been withdrawn nearer the town. So soon as it became apparent that the enemy would attack the Second and third Divisions in their advanced position, the following batteries were brought into position in a line running form west to east across the railroad: Hart's, just west of the blick house, Rogers', Mink's, Van Reed's, Bigelow's, and Miller's. As our lines fell back all these batteries opened, soon silencing the guns of the enemy and aiding in the repulse of their attack. Later in the day Hart's battery was moved 100 yards farther to the west and Mink's was thrown to the west of the pike, so that both these batteries could fire to the north of west. Barnes' battery was also brought up on the right and rear of Miller's and Anderson's, Philips', and D, First New York (under command of

