
Captain Matthewson, temporarily assigned to the battery in consequence of the illness of Lieutenant Richardson), were posted along the road facing to the east.

August 19, the batteries remained in the same position. The infantry formed two lines at right angles - the First Division along the main road, running north and south; the Second Division, with Second Brigade of Fourth Division, on its left, ran across the road and was joined on its right by Third Division, which connected with the Jerusalem plank road by the First Brigade, Fourth Division, deployed as skirmishers. This line was about 600 yards in front of the line of batteries, and all of it to the east of the railroad was in a dense wood. At 4.15 p. m. the enemy opened from eight guns in the opening around the Davis house and advanced on the line of the Second Division. At the same time a strong column broke through the skirmish line connecting our right with the Jerusalem plank road and swept down in rear of the Third Division. Our batteries at once replied slowly to those of the enemy and soon silenced them. the column which broke through the skirmish line swept steadily down through the woods toward our left until it reached within 200 yards of the railroad. For a distance of some 300 yards of their left flank projected beyond the woods into the open ground on front of the batteries to the extent of some 200 men, showing one battle-flag. But few of Crawford's men had come out of the woods at that time, but, as the major-general commanding the corps had informed me the night before that the infantry had been instructed to retire by the flanks should they be unable to hold their advanced position, thereby unmasking the fire of our batteries, and as the enemy were unmistakably on our front, within 400 yards of the batteries, having to all appearances driven our men to the left, I no longer hesitated to turn all the guns of that front of them. So soon as this was done they immediately fell back toward our right and were followed by a few hundred of our infantry, who appeared to be acting independently, when the artillery fire was at once stopped. I have since learned that General Crawford's main line had not been broken at this time; consequently, the enemy's attacking column was between that division and the line of batteries, and a number of the shot fired at the enemy are said to have struck into General Crawford's lines. The batteries were but slightly engaged after this in throwing a few shot at long range. At dusk the position of Hart's and Mink's batteries was changed a few paces, so as to give them a greater range of fire, and during the next day works were thrown up in front of all the guns and good platforms put down.

August 21, at daybreak our infantry line was withdrawn to the line of batteries on our north front, so that all our line was now in the opening. The Fourth Division was also established during the 20th on a new line, facing west, about 350 yards in advance of the right of the First Division. Shortly before 9 a. m. information was received that the enemy were moving up to attack, and soon after they opened with their artillery - about twenty-four guns, twelve around the Davis house firing south, and as many on the Vaughan road firing east, bringing a very ugly cross-fire upon nearly all our batteries. Our guns at once opened in reply. their infantry first showed itself in the corner of the woods near the flowers house, but their lines were broken and driven back, before they were well formed, by a well formed, by a well-directed fire form Hart's and Mink's batteries. Several other attempts were made to form at the same point, as also to bring out a battery there, but were all prevented by the concentrated fire of the four batteries of

