
Hart, Mink, Anderson, and Phillips. They all also came out at a corner of the woods within 150 yards of Hart's battery, but were driven back by heavy discharges of canister. So soon as the disposition of the enemy's batteries on the Vaughan road was made out, Lieutenant Dresser, brigade inspector, was directed to take Barnes' battery from the right and so post it toward the left of our line as, if possible, to get an enfilanding fire upon these guns. The position selected by Lieutenant Dresser fully answered the purpose. The fire of this battery contributed largely toward silencing the enemy's fire soon after. Having no batteries to the south of the Yellow Tavern, and there being indications of the enemy pushing around that flank, I had dispatched Lieutenant Canfield for two batteries of the Ninth Corps, camped near the gurley hose, and which General Potter had place at my disposition. A section of Jones' battery, Eleventh Massachusetts, reached the pike just as our skirmishers were driven in on our extreme left. Lieutenant Morris, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, was directed to guide the section up the road and post it outside the woods west of the White house. The section went out with our skirmishers as they again advanced and was able to get several shots at the enemy before they regained the cover of the woods. It was afterward joined by the other section of the battery which had got stalled in coming up, but was not again engaged.

While this attack was going on word came that the enemy was advancing against our north front where it joined on to the Ninth Corps, and that a battery was needed in the position vacated by Captain Barnes. Rogers' battery, Nineteenth New York Independent, of Ninth Corps, was immediately turned off to that point as it came up from the Gurley house. On reaching the right of our lines I found that the attack on this front had already been repulsed. Prisoners stated that the attack was formed in three lines of battle, but that the first line was broken by the fire of our batteries before it emerged from the woods. The second line did not get within 300 yards of our works, but was broken by a direct fire of canister and a cross-fire of case-shot from twenty-six guns. The last attempt of the enemy was made directly in front of the Yellow Tavern, where they penetrated through the woods to the left and rear of the advanced line held by the Fourth Division. As they came out of the woods they were exposed to a cross-fire of musketry from the left of this division and from the line held by the Fourth Division. As they cam e out of the woods they were exposed to a cross-fire of musketry form the left of this division and from the line half by the First Division. At the same time Matthewson, Phillips, and Anderson opened on them with their guns (the first with canister), while barnes threw shell into the woods in their rear. Many prisoners were taken at this point, and the whole brigade would have been destroyed or captured had not our fire been stopped under the impression that they had surrendered. After each repulse the enemy reopened with their artillery, but their fire lasted only a short time and, except when they first opened, was very wild. thus ended a battle in which the artillery on our side bore more prominent part than in any other action of this campaign. Our lines being formed entirely in open ground, though within short range of the surrounding woods, afforded the very best opportunity possible for an effective artillery fire, which was so well employed that the infantry had comparatively little opportunity to take part in the fight. Particular instructions had been given the day before that in firing into the woods only solid shot should be used, and fired at so low an elevation as to strike the ground at the edge of the woods and enter on the ricochet. The appearance of the woods and the enemy's dead left there gave ample testimony to the excellence of

