
this practice. The behavior of all the batteries was all that could be asked for. The advanced position in the salient at the junction of our lines held by Hart's and Mink's batteries, especially the former, afforded these commanders greater opportunities to display their promptness in changing front, while they were also more exposed than the others. The manner in which they handled their guns is worthy of the highest praise.

The larger part of the casualties in the corps being caused by the artillery fire of the enemy, and our infantry being little exposed during its continuance, a much greater proportion of the losses than usual fell upon the Artillery Brigade.

I send herewith a nominal return of casualties* and report of ammunition expended during the period included in this report.

C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE, Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 3, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations on Hatcher's Run, October 27, and 28:

The following batteries accompanied the troops, the remainder being left in the forts, on the front of the line held by the corps: E, Massachusetts, Captain Phillips, six 3-inch; Ninth Massachusetts, Lieutenant Milton, four light 12-pounders; B, Fourth United States, Lieutenant Stewart, four light 12-pounders; B, First New York, Lieutenant rogers, four 3-inch; H, First New York, Captain Mink, six light 12-pounders. From the time we left the works at Fort Cummings a dense wood covered nine-tenths of the country, and the openings were all small; neither did the troops of the Fifth Corps confront the enemy at any point where artillery could by any possibility be used, unless it was on the line taken up by General Gregory's brigade of the First Division, in front of the enemy's works upon the north bank of the run. To have got a single battery in position on the line would have necessitated the opening of new roads, and a very considerable amount of labor, whole it would have drawn a much heavier fire from the enemy's guns upon our line of battle without an object on our part, unless an attempt were to have been made to storm the works. When the Third Division advanced up the south bank of the run, I twice thoroughly explored the woods through which they passed, to learn if a battery could have been used even had it been possible to get it forward. from the character fo the country it will be seen that artillery on our part could at no time have country it will be seen that artillery on our part could at no time have been used so as to be of the slightest advantage, consequently the command returned to the camp on the 28th without having fired a shot.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Colonel First New York Artillery, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE, Asst. Adjt. General, Fifth Army Corps.

---------------

* Embodied in table, p.125.

---------------

