
[September.] - Batteries in position on the entrenched line before Petersburg from the Appomattox to Fort Alexander Hays.

[October.] - Batteries in position on the entrenched line before Petersburg from the Appomattox to Fort Alexander Hays.

November 1 to 29. - Batteries in position on the entrenched line in front of Petersburg from the Appomattox River to the Jerusalem plank road.

November 30. - Moved to the extreme left of Army of the Potomac; still in that position.

[December.] - Five batteries on the line held by the Ninth Corps; the rest of the command on the Second Corps line and in reserve. No movements of importance during the month.

FIFTH ARMY CORPS.*

August 15. - The corps was withdrawn from the trenches in front of Petersburg, and remained in reserve until the morning of the 18th, when it broke camp at 4 a. m., and marched via the Jerusalem plank road toward the Weldon railroad, which it struck about 10 a. m. The rails were speedily destroyed for about two miles, and the Second Division (Ayres') pushed out on the railroad toward Petersburg. It met the enemy about three-fourths of a mile from Globe Tavern. A battle ensued, in which the whole corps, to a more or less extent, participated. The enemy were repulsed.

August 19. - The enemy attacked in strong force about 4 p. m. He was repulsed with heavy loss to him, but he succeeded in carrying with him a considerable number of our men as prisoners.

August 21. - The enemy came with increased force, and made a demonstration against our left flank and at other points of our line. Although the whole of Hill's corps and part of Beauregard's confronted us, the enemy suffered a severe defeat, losing heavily in killed, wounded, and prisoners; six battle-flags were captured. The entire corps has during the month fought three battles and built two large forts, besides several miles of rifle-pits and breast-works, and felling large quantities of timber for abatis. It occupies the position it seized on the morning of the 18th, notwithstanding the desperate efforts of the enemy to drive us from it.

September 15. - A reconnaissance was made by the Second Brigade, Third Division, Brigadier-General Baxter, out on the Vaughan road, for the purpose of developing the position of the enemy; found them in force; the brigade returned about 12 m.

September 30. - The corps was ordered to move at 8 a. m. The divisions of Griffin and Ayres, with Hofmann's brigade, of Crawford's division, moved out on the road to Poplar spring Church; met the enemy at that point. Griffin's division charged the enemy's works on Peebles' farm: captured them, with 1 gun and about 70 prisoners. A severe engagement was had later in the day, resulting in the repulse of the enemy. The remainder of the corps (two brigades of Third Division) remained to garrison the forts near the Weldon railroad and for the protection of this portion of the line.

During the month the corps has been constantly engaged in constructing defensive works near the Weldon railroad, making roads, and guarding a long picket-line.

---------------

* Commanded by Major General Gouverneur K. Warren.

---------------

