HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Blick's Station, Va., August 26. 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this division while acting under the orders of Brigadier-General Willcox, commanding Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, on the 19th and 20th instant:

About 8 p. m. of the 19th instant I ordered by Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Army Corps, under whose command I then was, to report to General Willcox. At this time my division, having attacked and driven the enemy, with severe loss, was in line of battle a short distance within the edge of the woods in my front, holding the ground previously occupied by the enemy, who had entirely left my front. I now received orders to connect my left with the right of General Hartranft, First Brigade, Third Division. In the darkness and extreme density of the woods it was impossible to do this until daylight of the next morning, when it was accomplished without difficulty, and works were begun in this new position. About noon I received orders to withdraw my main line into the edge of the field this side of the woods, leaving my pickets in their original position, with reserves in the works referred to. Shortly after this was done Major-General Parke arrived and assumed command of the corps, so that I ceased to act under the orders of General Willcox.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain W. V. RICHARDS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 189. Reports of Brigadier General Orlando B. Willcox, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations September 30 - October 8 and October 27 - 28.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 18, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with instructions I have the honor to report the operations of this division from the 30th of September to 8th of October instant, inclusive:

On the morning of September 30 the division moved out from the Gurley house, following the Second Division, General Potter, to the intersection of the Poplar Spring Church and Squirrel Level roads, and came up on the left of the Second Division near the Peebles house, and threw out scouting parties to the left and front; thence it followed the Second Division to the Pegram house, in front of which, facing north, General Potter formed for attack, and I received orders from Major-General Parke, commanding the corps, to post one brigade on the left of the Second Division, with its left strongly refused, to guard Potter's left and rear. The Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Hartranft, was accordingly posted with his right connecting with Potter's left near the Boisseau house, and facing about northwest. Harriman's and McLaughlen's brigades were held in reserve. General Hartranft adapted his movements to those of the Second Division, and

