
Numbers 190. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph H. Barnes, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 19.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Petersburg, Va., August 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this command on the 19th day of August, 1864:

The brigade was relieved from picket duty about 2 p. m. by a portion of the Second Corps, and assembled at brigade headquarters (Jones' house). Shortly after, moved with the division, First Brigade taking the lead, in the direction of the Weldon railroad, to support the Fifth Corps. After marching about two miles firing was heard on our right flank. Line of battle was immediately formed in the following order: Fifty-ninth, Fifty-seventh Massachusetts, One hundredth Pennsylvania, Twenty-first, Thirty-fifth, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts; fronting the fire, moved by the left flank to the left, and connected with the right of General Hartranft's brigade, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, and was ordered to conform with movements of that brigade. The line was advanced near the edge of the woods in front of our position. We then moved to the left about half a mile. The enemy being reported as moving to our right, the brigade was moved a short distance to meet them, and soon after became engaged, a portion of the brigade in the corn-field, right resting in the woods, connecting with Second Brigade. The enemy were repulsed, with heavy loss. The number of prisoners taken was quite large considering the short duration of the engagement. after the engagement the brigade was advanced a short distance and lay on their arms until next morning, when we moved forward into the woods and connected with General Hartranft's brigade, and advanced skirmishers. I regret to be obliged to report the loss of Lieutenant H. M. Warren, of the Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Regiment, acting assistant adjutant-general of this brigade, who was shot from his horse and mortally wounded during the heat of the engagement, and while in the strict line of his duty and rendering valuable service. His place cannot well be filled. Lieutenant Swords, Fifty-ninth Massachusetts, acting aide-de-camp, was slightly wounded while conveying orders under heavy fire. Captain Ingell, commanding Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, a brave and valuable officer, was killed. He entered into the fight with zeal and courage, notwithstanding he was suffering from a wound received in a previous battle. Other valuable officers were wounded. I had the honor of forwarding a list of casualties on the 20th instant. Captain Browne and Lieutenant Carpenter, of my staff, were active and zealous during the whole affair and both had their horses shot. Officers and men of the brigade conducted themselves with much courage and coolness. All orders were promptly executed.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. H. BARNES,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-ninth Massachusetts, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. J. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Ninth Army Corps.

