
o'clock, my skirmish line connecting with Colonel McLaughlen on the right and the Second Corps on the left. In passing through the woods no enemy was discovered. In advancing I endeavored to keep my troops near Colonel McLaughlen. The Twenty-seventh Michigan were detailed as skirmishers and the Eighth Michigan as support. I advanced my connections perfect to the cleared field, near where my command lay on the 30th ultimo. The skirmishers were sent forward with support, and soon exchanged shots with the enemy. The brigade was moved forward into the open field, connecting on the right and left; afterward were posted in echelon fifty paces to the rear of Colonel McLaughlen's brigade. At 1 o'clock moved upon a line with him. The brigade was formed into two lines, One hundred and ninth New York and Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers in front line, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin and Thirteenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry in support. Orders were received to keep a sharp lookout on the left, and in case the brigade on the left moved to keep connected with them. Staff officers made frequent visits and an orderly was sent over to report any movements on the left. It was reported that three regiments of General Pierce's brigade had moved to the front a short distance, which fact having been reported to General Willcox, moved my command to the left in his lines and filled up the space vacated. It is understood that the failure to carry the works of the enemy, and which resulted in the repulse of the three regiments making the assault, is attributed in part to the failure of my brigade to properly support the advancing column. I acted in strict obedience to orders, having at no time received instructions to do more than hold the line I then occupied, unless called upon by General Pierce for support. Near sunset I was ordered to withdraw my command, which I did, and moved to the right, where my troops were placed on line, connecting with the line of works captured by the Fifth Corps. Breast-works were constructed and occupied by all my command present, except the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Michigan. Subsequently a new line was laid out and built, which the Eighth Michigan, Thirteenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Twenty-seventy Michigan, One hundred and ninth New York, and Thirty-seventh Wisconsin occupied.

On the 8th instant my command picketed in front of the First and Third Divisions. Orders having been received the night previous that the First Division should make a reconnaissance, the picket-line advanced as a line of skirmishers, connecting with General Potter on the right and Colonel McLaughlen on the left. The skirmish line was strengthened from time to time, as gaps were occasioned on my left, until the One hundred and ninth New York, 140 strong, were all placed on the line. The Eighth Michigan, Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Ely commanding, were in reserve as support. My skirmish line advanced through the woods, beyond the forks of the road, and held a position till night in the edge of the field and in the woods to the left of the field. The remainder of my brigade held the line of works to the rear. I received positive orders at one time from a staff officer on General Willcox's staff to move out my whole command and form it in line of battle 300 or 400 paces to the rear of the skirmish line and connect with Colonel McLaughlen's line, reserve on the left, by scouts. This I did, but afterward received instructions only to keep a sufficient force to support my picket-line. I then withdrew these troops to the line of works; subsequently moved out the Twenty-seventy Michigan, Captain Waite commanding, to strengthen the reserve. The enemy was not found in any force. The cavalry outposts of the enemy were driven in, a few shots exchanged,

