
October 1. - In the advance of the corps from Poplar Spring Church, the enemy attacked the Second Division (Brigadier-General Ayres) during the storm and were twice repulsed, our troops holding the ground, establishing our line and throwing up works.

October 8. - Advanced our troops, driving in the enemy's pickets, they falling back to their works; no engagement brought on; W. W. Davis' house burned.

October 27. - Moved to Hatcher's Run, southwest of Petersburg, Brigadier-General Baxter, Second Brigade, Third Division, being left in works along our line; left our lines at Fort Cummings at daylight, passing through the woods in front on the left of the Ninth Corps; struck enemy's skirmishers at 9 a. m. in the vicinity of Hatcher's Run and above Armstrong's Mill. The enemy behind strong works in dense woods felled trees in the run and could not be driven out. Most of the corps remained on the north side. Third Division (General Crawford) crossing to south side of run, engaged more or less all day. The command operated between Second and Ninth Corps. Third Division recrossed during night of the 27th.

October 28. - Skirmish firing occasionally. About 9 a. m. corps commenced withdrawing and returned to our former camps in the afternoon.

Casualties: 5 officers and 254 men. Officers wounded: Lieutenant Colonel J. E. Cook, Seventy-sixth New York, October 1, Chappell House; Captain J. F. Casner, Ninety-first Pennsylvania, October 27, Hatcher's Run; Captain J. H. Closson, Ninety-first Pennsylvania, October 27, Hatcher's Run.

[November.] - The corps has occupied a position during the month on the Weldon railroad, holding the front line west from Fort Howard and the rear line west from Fort Davison. Headquarters have remained the same.

December 7. - The corps marched at 7 a. m., taking the Jerusalem plank road to the Nottoway River, which it reached about 4 p. m. One division (Crawford's) crossed the river on pontoons and bivouacked for the night near Sussex Court-House. The other two divisions bivouacked on the north bank of the river.

December 8. - The First and Second Divisions crossed the Nottoway at 2 a. m., and with the rest of the corps continued the march through Sussex Court-House via Coman's Well Store to the Halifax road. This point was reached about 4 p. m. and the command massed for rest and supplies. At 6 p. m. the three divisions of the corps moved down the Weldon railroad and began its destruction southward from the railroad bridge across the Nottoway. The work of destruction was continued until midnight, when the command bivouacked where they were until daylight.

December 9. - The divisions then alternated with each other, destroying the road and continuing the movement southward, passing Jarratt's Station and proceeding as far as Belfield, on the Meherrin River. Here considerable opposition was made by the enemy, who had strong works on the opposite bank of the river at Hicksford. All the bridges and rail being destroyed to this point, the command went into bivouac.

December 10. - At 7 a. m. the command commenced the march to return; enemy's cavalry followed, but did but little damage; reached Sussex Court-House that night; weather very stormy and roads in very bad condition from previous rains.

December 11. - Marched at 7 a. m.; crossed the Nottoway and bivouacked about two miles from the river: weather intensely cold.

