
and several of their horsemen unhorsed. A new picket-line was established, and after dark the skirmish line and supports were withdrawn to the new line.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. HARRIMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 192. Report of Brigadier General John F. Hartranft, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations October 27 - 28.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from the general commanding, I moved my brigade from camp at 3.30 a. m. on the 27th instant, in the following order: Fifty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Captain J. K. Bolton commanding; Thirty-seventh Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, Major W. J. Kershaw commanding; One hundred and ninth Regiment New York Volunteers, Major G. W. Dunn commanding; Thirty-eighth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel James Bintliff commanding; Twenty-seventh Regiment Michigan Volunteers, Captain James Dafoe commanding; Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Cavalry (dismounted), Major S. R. Clark commanding, following the Second Brigade, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel B. M. Cutcheon, who after passing outside of the fortifications on the road leading westwardly from Fort Cummings, halted until daylight. At daybreak he moved forward as rapidly as his skirmishers could advance through the woods. I followed him closely, and when the head of my column reached the edge of the clearing at the Watkins house I sent, by direction of the general commanding, the Fifty-first Pennsylvania forward to occupy the Watkins house and the Thirty-seventh Wisconsin in support, leaving my remaining regiments to follow Cutcheon's brigade. After occupying the house I advanced the skirmishers to the woods in advance. When Lieutenant Colonel B. M. Cutcheon's skirmishers came up on the right I ordered them again forward. They now continued their advance until coming up with the enemy's main line of works and took up position less than 100 yards from the same in the edge of the woods. The enemy's line at this point formed a re-entering angle; the general direction of the same was about north and south; in front was clear ground. Colonel Gregory's brigade,, Fifth Corps, came up, formed on the left and charged the enemy's line of works. The men advanced to the abatis but were repulsed. Captain Dan. L. Nicholas, in charge of my skirmishers, thought the enemy had a full line of battle. Colonel Sickel's brigade, same corps, formed in rear of my skirmishers. Captain Bolton, who was supporting with his regiment his skirmishers, moved so far to the right that he was uncovered by Lieutenant-Colonel Cutcheon's skirmishers. He advanced to within about 100 yards of the enemy's work, when he drew his fire from his pits. Captain reported the enemy was moving about considerably, but mostly to the right.

At the first opening of the enemy, I formed my regiments in rear of the Second Brigade in two lines in support to Lieutenant-Colonel

