
Cutcheon, but soon after, by direction of the general commanding, formed line connecting Lieutenant-Colonel Cutcheon's left with Colonel Sickel's (Fifth Corps) right. To make the connection, I placed all the regiments on the line, except the Fifty-first Pennsylvania, which was on the skirmish line. The general direction of my line was about 10 degrees east of north. The troops remained in this position during the day and built line of breast-works. At dusk I withdrew the Fifty-first Pennsylvania, and established pickets from the regiments in their own front. Remained in this position during the night and next day until 12 m., when we withdrew in conjunction with the Fifth Corps. I previously deployed skirmishers in the works from the Fifty-first Pennsylvania, with orders to remain until the pickets were withdrawn from the front, and then fall back gradually as the skirmishers of the Fifth Corps fell back. The brigade was withdrawn and formed in front of the Watkins house, connecting with McLaughlen's brigade before my skirmishers left the works. Captain

----------

, division officer of the day, ordered back Cutcheon's skirmishers, which left my right exposed for 300 yards. Brigade occupied the works at the Watkins house an hour, when I was ordered to fall back to the Smith house and bring back my skirmishers to the Watkins house, and connect with McLaughlen's skirmishers. Formed line at the Smith house, right resting on the same; left refused, so as to form right angles. Here deployed the Twenty-seventh Michigan as skirmishers to cover this line; afterward moved them to the left, so as to connect with the Fifth Corps, and also cover the flank. After leaving this line the brigade moved direct to camp, and the Twenty-seventh Michigan and Fifty-first Pennsylvania ordered to follow.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. HARTRANFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 193. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Ely, Eighth Michigan Infantry, of operations September 30 - October 9.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY VETERAN VOLS.,October 16, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular of last evening, I have the honor to submit the following record of my command from September 30 to October 9, 1864:

On the morning of September 30 moved from near the Yellow House to Poplar Grove Church and relieved a portion of the Fifth Corps, who had captured the strong line of intrenchments, and in the afternoon engaged the enemy's re-enforcements until night, holding the position by most desperate fighting, resulting in seven casualties to the regiment, viz: Sergts. Lyman W. Pixley, Company K, and D. Henry McComas, Company E (leg amputated), and Privates Elijah Bird, Company A, and James Gordan, Company E,wounded; Corpl. William A. Wright, Company G, and Privates Isaac R. Kidney, Company G, and Charles Maxted, Company B, missing. During the night the regiment moved to the left and fortified a new position, where it remained until the morning of October 2, when, as a support for the Twenty-seventh

36 R R - VOL XLII, PT I

