
Michigan Infantry, who were deployed as skirmishers, it advanced until the enemy were found in force. About dusk withdrew to the main line, encamped, and remained there, employed principally in picket and fatigue duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RALPH ELY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain FRANK A. HAYWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 194. Report of Captain Charles Waite, Twenty-seventh Michigan Infantry, of operations September 29 - October 9.
HDQRS. TWENTY - SEVENTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS,Near Peebles' House, Va., October 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers in the late operations of the army west of Weldon road:

The regiment broke camp in front of Petersburg on the 29th of September, 1864, and marched to the Gurley house, where we camped for the night. At 10 a. m. September 30 took up our line of march toward Poplar Grove Church, and at about 4 p. m. formed line with our brigade in an open field near the Pegram house. The Second Division of our corps advanced upon the enemy, but were driven back. Our brigade also fell back, but were soon rallied, and checked the farther advance of the enemy, the line being reformed on the edge of the field near the Pegram house. This position was held until dark, when we withdrew and marched to the left, where we threw up breast-works. During October 1 we remained quiet. On the morning of October 2 the regiment was deployed as skirmishers and advanced toward the enemy. Found two lines of the enemy's works evacuated, and pushing on, drove in the enemy's advance skirmish line in front of their main works. The ground gained was held until dark, when we withdrew to our main works. From October 3 to October 8 nothing of importance occurred. On the 8th of October the regiment was ordered out to support the skirmish line, which had been advanced during the day. The regiment remained on the picket-line during the night of the 8th, and the morning of the 9th of October, 1864, was relieved.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. WAITE,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain FRANK A. HAYWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 195. Report of Major Stephen R. Clark, Thirteenth Ohio Cavalry (dismounted), of operations September 30 - October 17.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH Regiment OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Poplar Grove Church, Va., October 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the operations of my command west of the Weldon railroad:

On the morning of September 30 we moved out from camp, crossed the Weldon railroad near the Yellow House about 10 a. m., moved out

