
about a mile west, and halted for an hour. The skirmishing was then pretty heavy in our front. Received orders to advance; moved out on the Dinwiddie County road on the left of the battle-field, where we took position and remained probably one hour. We then received orders to move to our right and take position on the left of the Fifth Army Corps, which was done. We lay in line of battle some time, when we were ordered to advance and take up a position on the brow of a hill in our immediate front, which was done in good order. We remained there but a short time, when the enemy advanced. The line broke and retreated in confusion, but after a great deal of trouble part of the regiment rallied and returned to the front. We remained in line until the brigade moved back on the Dinwiddie County road, where we threw up fortifications, and remained until the morning of October 2, when we moved out with the brigade on a reconnaissance and returned in the evening. We then took up a position to the right of the one occupied in the morning, where we have remained up to the present throwing up works and doing picket duty.

The following is the number of casualties in my command from September 30, 1864, up to October 9, 1864: Killed, 4 enlisted men; wounded 3 commissioned officers and 18 enlisted men; missing, 10 enlisted men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

S. R. CLARK,

Major, Commanding.

Captain FRANK A. HAYWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 196. Report of Major William J. Kershaw, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Infantry, of operations September 30 - October 9.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Pegram's Farm, Va., October 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers in the campaign from September 30, 1864, to October 9, 1864:

September 30, 1864, the regiment, under command of Major William J. Kershaw, moved from its position near the Gurley house to the ravine beyond and to the left of the Pegram house, where we formed in line to act as a reserve for the advance line of battle. We then changed our front so as to support a battery, which limbered up and retreated. We fell back to a fence to the left of the Pegram house, where the regiment reformed and gave the enemy such a severe fire that he was obliged to abandon the line of battle. He was then forming on the open field and fell back to the cover of the woods. He was compelled a second time to retreat, and after nightfall we fell back to a position to the left of the one now occupied by the regiment and threw up works for defense. October 1, slashed the timber upon the immediate front of the works. October 2 advanced in line of battle, Captain J. Green commanding, joining on our right with the Second Brigade, First Division; on the left, with the One hundred and ninth New York. In the p. m. we fell back to a position to the rear of the one we now

