
occupy and threw up works. October 3, Major Kershaw assumed command; slashed timber. October 4, moved to our present position; threw up works. October 5 and 6, slashed timber in our front. October 8, moved to the front of our present position, and returned in the p. m. October 9, all quiet.

The casualties of September 30 were 10 men wounded; no casualties since.

Very respectfully,

WM. J. KERSHAW,

Major, Commanding.

[Captain FRANK A. HAYWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 197. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gilbert P. Robinson, Third Maryland Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations August 19.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this brigade, having been relieved by a portion of the Second Corps from the works in front of Petersburg at 1 p. m. of the 19th, proceeded with the First Division to join the Fifth Corps, reaching them about 3 p. m. We immediately formed line of battle on the right of the First Brigade and engaged the enemy, driving them about a mile, capturing about 20 prisoners, and utterly routing them, but owing to the enemy displaying a flag of truce we did not obtain as many prisoners as I would have wished. This delayed our advance. The object of the flag of truce was to inform the attendants left with the wounded to surrender. I have great pleasure in bringing to your notice the gallant conduct of Major Randall and the Fourteenth New York Artillery; they were the first and longest engaged of any regiment in my command; also Major Maryland and the Provisional Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery. These gentlemen rendered me every assistance in their power, using every endeavor to make their men fight well. The One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers was deployed as skirmishers on our right flank, extending to the rear until the regiments of General Potter's command were known to have advanced on our right. The Third Maryland Battalion was detailed as rear and wagon guard, and were not relieved until this morning, when they reported to this command for duty. When we make a more lengthened report of this action I will mention the names of those officers who more particularly distinguished themselves by their gallant conduct.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILBERT P. ROBINSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. J. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

