
had been well driven back, and also noticed that the skirmish line which I had established across the swamp to the westward, now on my left flank, had been driven in, and their position occupied by the enemy. In view of the position of the enemy on my right and left, and the order from General Humphreys, I at once ordered the two left regiments, the Second and Twentieth Michigan, to withdraw. The other regiments were ordered to follow. I fell back, and by order of the general commanding the division reformed my line, the right resting on the left of the Pegram house, and the line extending to the left, which was very much refused. It is now dusk. Skirmishers were advanced about 100 yards. The brigade remained in this position until about 12 o'clock midnight, when the skirmishers were relieved by the Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry, and the rest of the brigade was withdrawn and put into position on the right of the First Brigade, which was stretched across the road at the Clements house, facing about northwest. Went into position about 2 a. m. Breast-works were thrown up between that time and daylight.

About 8 a. m. October 1 the brigade was moved to the right, the right resting near the Peebles house, the left extending toward the Clements house. We were ordered to throw up breast-works, which was done at once, under a heavy rain. Very soon after the work was commenced the Twenty-fourth New York (now under command of Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Newberry, Colonel Raulston having been captured near the Boisseau house the day before), which was on picket near the Pegram house, and the pickets of the Second Division and of the Fifth Corps were attacked by infantry and artillery. They retired and the Twenty-fourth was put on picket on our own front. During this attack the erection of breast-works progressed very rapidly. Skirmishing occurred on the Second Division front during the day, but nothing worthy of note transpired so far as this brigade was concerned. On the morning of the 2nd, about 8 o'clock, in obedience to orders, the brigade moved forward in two lines, with skirmishers in front. The skirmish line was composed of the Sixtieth Ohio, part deployed and the rest in reserve, under Major Stearns. The first line consisted of the Twentieth Michigan and the Forty-sixth New York, under Lieutenant-Colonel Cutcheon; and the second, of the Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry, the First Michigan sharpshooters (under command of Captain G. H. Murdock, Colonel De Land having been captured on the 30th), the Second Michigan, and the Fiftieth Pennsylvania, under Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Newberry, of the Twenty-fourth. The brigade was ordered to move forward in such a direction that its right should rest on the Pegram house. At 11 o'clock my skirmishers occupied the Boisseau house. They were the first to occupy it. About 1 p. m. the first line, under Lieutenant-Colonel Cutcheon, was put in position on the left of Potter's division, with orders to throw up breast-works, which was at once done. Just before dark the brigade was ordered to form in line, the left resting on the works occupied by the Second Division in the morning and the right extending in the general direction of the Pegram house. Works were thrown up during the night and a picket-line established. Next day the works were strengthened, timber slashed, and the picket-line advanced and re-established.

October 8, at 6.30 a. m., in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Willcox, the brigade moved in light marching order and without breaking camp to the Clements house. Here the brigade was formed on the south side of the road leading from the Clements to the Hawks house in the following order: The Second Michigan, under Lieutenant

