
December 12. - Resumed the march at 7 a. m. and arrived back to the late camp of the corps about 4 p.l m. The command comprising the expedition were the Fifth Corps, Mott's division of the Second Corps, and three brigades of Gregg's division of cavalry, and a pontoon train, the whole under command of Major Ge. G. K. Warren. The Weldon railroad was destroyed for a distance of eighteen miles, and all the bridges burned as far as the road was torn up. Jarratt's Station was also destroyed and all the railroad property there. The distance marched was about 100 miles. The weather was rainy and cold nearly the whole of the six days the command was gone. The casualties were 4 men killed, 4 wounded, and 2 officers and 92 men missing.

December 13. - The corps changed camp to a point about half way between the Halifax road and the Jerusalem plank road.

First Division.

August 15. - The division was relieved from its position on the front line near Petersburg, and remained in reserve until the 18th, when it broke camp and moved around to the left, taking possession of the Weldon railroad. The command then took a position on the left, which it has been engaged in fortifying up to this date [August 31].

The division remained in camp, near the Weldon railroad, from September 1 to 30, when it broke camp and moved in the direction of the South Side Railroad. Carried the enemy's position near Poplar Spring Church by a charge on the same day, capturing a fort and line of their entrenchments, with a number of prisoners and one piece of artillery.

October 27. - Participated in the movement of the corps against the enemy at Hatcher's Run.

October 28. - Returned to position preoccupied on the Squirrel Level road.

December 1 to 6. - The division remained in camp, performing the usual picket and fatigue duties.

December 6. - the division moved to a point near the Jerusalem plank road and encamped for the night.

December 7. - Took up line of march to the Nottoway River and bivouacked until 2 a. m. next morning.

December 8. - Again moved forward and reached the Weldon railroad at 8 a. m., same day.

December 9. - After the destruction of the railroad was completed, moved from Jarratt's station in the morning in the direction of Hicksford and encamped within five miles of Hicksford.

December 10. - Moved toward Sussex Court-House about twenty miles and encamped near the Court-House.

December 11. - Took up the line of march, recrossing the Nottoway River, and bivouacked for the night.

December 12. - In the morning again moved and reached our present encampment about 4 p. m. Since then the troops have been engaged principally in building winter quarters.

First Brigade, First Division.

August 16. - The command was relieved from the front line of works and held in reserve.

Nothing of special importance occurred until the morning of the 18th, when the brigade broke camp, and marched in the direction of

