
tion of the Sixtieth Ohio, while the remainder covered the flank. When everything had withdrawn beyond the swamp in front of the Hawks house I withdrew, following McLaughlen, and coming within the works, occupied our old position at 3.30 p. m., having suffered a loss of only 30, of whom 5 are missing from the Second Michigan.

A list of the casualties has been already forwarded, to which I respectfully refer you.*

I am, very respectfully,

BYRON M. CUTCHEON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 200. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Byron M. Cutcheon, Twentieth Michigan Infantry, of operations September 30 - October 8.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH MICHIGAN INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Near Peebles' House, Va., October 16, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps, of this date, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment west of the Weldon railroad:

September 30, 1864, we were in readiness to march at 6.30 a. m., but we did not move until between the hours of 10 and 11 a. m. On reaching the Peebles farm we were formed in line in the low ground west of the house, facing nearly westward. This regiment occupied the left of the brigade line, and was soon after detached with the Second Michigan and sent up the road to the westward to guard the approach from that direction. I sent scout some way up the road, who reported no enemy. We were soon after withdrawn and joined the brigade, which now moved about half a mile to the right and reformed, with its left resting nearly west of the Pegram house, with a dense swamp in front. By direction of the general commanding the brigade i sent Lieutenant Parker, with twelve men as skirmishers, to penetrate this swamp and report upon its practicability. The skirmishers passed through the swamp and reported that it could be passed, but with difficulty. I reported accordingly. Soon after we again moved to the right, crossing a country road and changing front forward, came into line nearly facing the north, the left resting upon two log barns on the road already mentioned. At this time this regiment was the extreme left of our army, with nothing between it and the enemy's works, which curved around cur left, except a very thin line of skirmishers. In our rear was an almost impenetrable swamp jungle. The works upon our left seemed to be occupied only by cavalry, at least they did not develop either artillery or infantry upon that flank, but a regiment or brigade of cavalry, since known to be Hampton's, occupied the works near a yellow house on their line.

While we were lying in this position waiting further orders the enemy charged upon the line to the right of the brigade and succeeded in

---------------

* See p. 158.

---------------

