
Numbers 201. Report of Captain Adolph Becker, Forty-sixth New York Infantry, of operations September 30 - October 8.
HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH Regiment NEW YORK VET. VOLS.,Near Poplar Spring Church, Va., October 10, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from headquarters Second Brigade, I have the honor to make the following report of the history and casualties of the Forty-sixth Regiment New York Veteran Volunteers since the 30th day of September, 1864:

The regiment, as a part of the Second Brigade, marched September 30 west of Weldon railroad to the extreme left of our position. The Fifth Corps had already taken the first line of rebel works near Poplar Spring Church, when the brigade and regiment was ordered to advance in line of battle on the left of the Fifth Corps toward the second line of the enemy's works. We advanced within a distance of 200 yards from the same, where we were ordered to halt and to be ready to fire. There was on line of skirmishers in front of the brigade. Within ten minutes the brigade was flanked by the enemy and ordered to fall back, which was done in good order; it was about 6 p. m. when the line was formed and the men were gone to rest. On or about midnight we marched a short distance to the rear of our position and built breast-works, in which we remained until morning of the 1st of October, when we were extended on the right and ordered to fortify ourselves, which was done in a very short time. We remained in that position (it was on the open field near Peebles' farm) until the next morning, when the brigade, as a part of the Ninth Corps, advanced in line of battle in a northwestern direction, then after a short stooping we turned to our left and built a breast-work, the front toward west. In the afternoon we marched back in the second line, changed front to the left, and were ordered to build another breast-work in the night, in which position we remained until the 8th of October, when, with the division, [we] were sent on a reconnoitering party. We advanced on the extreme left of our position as far as the rebel works, which were evacuated. In the evening we went back to our camp.

No casualties had taken place on the 2nd of October, neither on the 8th; the casualties have taken place on the 30th of September and are as follows: 1 officer and 29 men wounded, 27 men missing.*

ADOLPH BECKER,

Captain Company D, Commanding Regiment.

Captain THOMAS MATHEWS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 202. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Martin P. Avery, Sixtieth Ohio Infantry, of operations September 30 - October 6.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTIETH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Pegram House, Va., October 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the engagements from the 30th of September to the 6th of October, inclusive:

On the 30th the regiment was the sixth battalion in the brigade and marched with it during the day. Whey the brigade fell back to the

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 141.

---------------

