
second line it formed the extreme left of the front line, the battalion on the left having been placed to protect the left flank. It remained there until the line on the right had fallen back. Owing to the formation of the ground we could not see the enemy until he was in rear of both our flanks, when we fell back to the third line formed by the brigade. In doing so the regiment got into considerable confusion, owing to the nature of the ground over which we had to pass and the fact that we were receiving a galling fire from both flanks and the front, which we were unable to return. The regiment was not under fire again that day. Our loss was

-----

wounded (which were brought off the field) and

-----

missing. (See inclosed list of names.*) On the 1st of October we marched with the brigade and that night were on picket duty, but had no casualties. On the morning of the 2nd Major Stearns took command and continued to have command until after the 6th, but during the time there were no casualties.

Respectfully submitted.

M. P. AVERY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain THOMAS MATHEWS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 9th Army Corps.

Numbers 203. Report of Captain George W. Brumm, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 30 - October 8.
HDQRS. FIFTIETH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Near Pegram's House, Va., October 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Fiftieth Regiment, in compliance with orders received, marched from the Yellow House, Va., on the morning of the 30th ultimo, to the Peebles house, Va., where it formed the first line of battle with the First Michigan Sharpshooters on the right, Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry on the left, then marched by the right flank near to the Pegram house, where ordered to throw out skirmishers. The line advanced to the crest of a hill beyond the Pegram house, where the regiment first opened fire upon the enemy, who were rapidly advancing in front and right flank, driving before them the troops of the division on the right, who rushed through our line, causing great confusion. At the same time, seeing the Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry retiring on my left, I ordered the regiment to withdraw, which was accomplished in good order, and again formed line behind a fence at the Pegram house, Va. The troops on the right again breaking and rushing through our lines, causing it also to break; being mixed up with them, it was impossible to rally until falling back about half a mile; again formed line, where we remained until about 12 . Received orders to move off to the rear of the Peebles house, Va., where the regiment then threw up works. On the morning of the 1st marched near to the Peebles house and threw up works. On the 2nd instant advanced near the Peebles house, and again threw up works and encamped. Casualties: Two killed, 6 wounded, and 11 missing.#

---------------

* See p. 141.

# But see revised statement, p. 141.

---------------

