HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of my command during the advance of the corps on the morning of the 27th instant: Struck camp at 3 a. m. and moved to the left by Squirrel Level road; passed beyond the picket-line and moved my command to the right of the road between the picket and vedette line. I ordered Major Doherty, with forty men from his regiment, to pass to the right and rear of the enemy's vedette post at the old rebel redoubt and capture the vedettes. He made the attempt but failed, owing to the premature discharge of a gun of one of his party, and he only succeeded in killing one man of the four stationed there. I immediately moved up the head of my column to the old redoubt and halted for General Hartranft to pass, when I followed, as directed by General Willcox. The First and Second Brigades having got into position, my command was placed in the second line to support General Hartranft and Lieutenant-Colonel Cutcheon. Remained in this position until about 5 p. m., when I was ordered to move one wing of my command to right and rear and support Roemer's battery, and move the other wing to the right to support General Ferrero's colored troops. About 12 m. 28th instant received orders to advance a picket-line and remain until the colored troops had withdrawn and uncovered my front, when I was to withdraw by the main road, the left of my skirmish line resting on the breast-works and the right connecting with General Hartranft. I then moved to the rear of the Smith house and went into line of battle; waited until the skirmishers were up, when I returned with my command to my old camp. My skirmishers arrived about twenty minutes after, without loss.

Appended please find list of casualties during the move: 1 enlisted man One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers killed; 1 enlisted man One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers wounded; 1 enlisted man Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers wounded; Lieutenant Stocking, One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, wounded; Lieutenant Johnson, One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. MCLAUGHLEN,

Colonel Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Vet. Vols., Commanding Third Brigadier

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 205. Report of Bvt. Colonel Gilbert P. Robinson, Third Maryland Infantry, commanding Provisional Brigade, of operations December 8 - 14.
HDQRS. THIRD MARYLAND BATTLN. VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Before Petersburg, Va., December 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the operations of the late Provisional Brigade, of which I assumed command December 9, 1864, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 115, headquarters First Division, Ninth Army Corps, dated December 9, 1864.

The brigade rendezvoused December 8, at 6 p. m., in the field designated, in rear of the line, and remained at that point, with orders "to be ready to move at a moment's notice," until the afternoon of December 10, at which time the brigade took the line of march along the Jerusalem plank road, in the direction of Hawkinsville, Va., located near the

