
4 p. m. on the 10th, when we marched with the brigade to Hawkinsville, on the Jerusalem plank road, twenty-two miles from Petersburg, arriving at 5 a. m. on the 11th. Left Hawkinsville to return at 2 p. m. on the same day, and by your direction marched to my old camp, arriving at 12 p. m., where we remained until 5 p. m. on the 12th instant, when we rejoined the brigade near the trestle of the military railroad, where we remained until the morning of the 14th, when we returned, by your order, to our old camp and reported to or brigade commander.

During the time we were encamped at the rendezvous the men suffered considerably from the inclemency of the weather. On the march out it rained almost incessantly and in returning the mud was over shoe deep which rendered the marching very hard and gave the men very sore feet, so that when I left camp the second time I was compelled to leave forty men that could not march. On the return numbers of men strayed from inability to keep up with the command, but on the evening of the 12th all of my men had reported at camp or the hospital.

On the evening of the 12th I reported 5 officers and 151 men present. This morning I reported 5 officers and 171 men for duty.

Very respectfully submitted.

M. P. AVERY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Bvt. Colonel G. P. ROBINSON,

Commanding Provisional Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 207. Reports of Brigadier General Robert B. Potter, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations September 29 - October 19 and October 27 - 28.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this division since the 29th ultimo:

The morning of the 30th found us bivouacked near the Aiken house, ready for an immediate movement. We took up the route about 10.30 a. m., following Ayres' and Griffin's divisions, of the Fifth Corps, passing Ayres in position on the route and closing up on Griffin at Poplar Spring Church, when I placed part of my force in line near the church, facing north, and sent two regiments to Widow Smith's to attempt to open a road to Miss Pegram's, near the Boydton plank [road]. Griffin's division, of the Fifth Corps, having carried the works north of the Peebles house, I moved up to his support, placing a brigade on each of his flanks, both brigades throwing skirmishers to the front. I subsequently ordered the Second Brigade, General S. G. Griffin, on the left, to advance and try and strike the plank road at the nearest point; and as soon as it was relieved by General Ayres I ordered my First Brigade, commanded by Colonel Curtin (now brevet brigadier-general) from the right to move on in support of the Second, sending also for the force cutting the road from Widow Smith's to join the command. On reaching the Pegram house, finding the enemy showing some force on their skirmish line, I ordered General Griffin to support his with a line of two or three regiments, and follow with the rest of the column. At about a quarter of a mile beyond the Pegram house, finding the enemy stronger and their battery opening on and enfilading the road

