
the Weldon railroad. Early in the day it came upon and completely surprised the enemy's pickets. They fled, offering but slight resistance. The railroad was taken possession of by the First Brigade, and the track immediately torn up. The command participated in the engagements on the 19th and 21st. After the engagement on the 21st the brigade was assigned to the extreme left of the line. Since that time the troops have been engaged in erecting earth-works and in strengthening their position.

[September.] - Since the last return was made the brigade occupied the entrenchments near White' house, Va. (on the Weldon railroad), and were doing fatigue and picket duty until the morning of the 30th, when they, with the balance of the First Division, Fifth Corps, marched to near Poplar Spring Church and participated in the battles in that vicinity.

Reductions of command: The One-hundred and twenty-first, One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and forty-third, One hundred and forty-ninth, and One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers were assigned to Third Division, Fifth Corps, by General Orders, Numbers 35, headquarters Fifth corps, dated September 12, 1864. The One hundred and eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers were transferred to the Department of the Susquehanna by Special Orders, Numbers 225, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated september 21, 1864.

Re-enforcements receiver: The Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry was assigned to the First Brigade by Special Orders, Numbers 123, paragraph II, headquarters First Division, Fifth Corps. The One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers were assigned to the First Brigade by Special Orders, Numbers 132, headquarters First Division, Fifth Corps, September 24, 1864.

Killed: September 30, Privates David Miller, Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry, and George Witman, One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

October 1 to 4. - The brigade shifted position several times, occupying the front line; then again shifting to the support of the Second and Third Brigades of the division, and to support the right of the Ninth Corps.

October 4. - At 4 p. m. the brigade moved to the rear half a mile, and went into camp and commenced to drill and discipline the troops, which are all new men, having been but one month in the military service.

October 16. - The brigade moved to the entrenchments to the right and left of Fort

------

, and were drilling and doing picket duty until the morning of the 27th.

October 27. - The brigade moved with the balance of the division two miles down the Squirrel Level road and in the direction of South Side Railroad. The command did not become actively engaged during this reconnaissance, although it held a portion of the front line, connecting on the right with the ninth Corps and on the left with the Second Brigade of the division. The losses were 6 enlisted men slightly wounded.

October 29. - The brigade, with the balance of the division, returned to their former position within the entrenchments, and are now [October 31] doing picket duty and perfecting the troops in drill and discipline.

No enlisted men have been transferred to the Veteran Reserve Corps during the month.

[November.] - The command has been in the breast-works during the month near Fort Urmston, both at the right and left of Squirrel Level road, doing picket duty and perfecting the troops in drill and discipline.

