
pied until Sunday morning, when it appeared that the enemy had fallen back to their present position. The brigade was then thrown forward to its present position, the left resting on the Pegram house.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. I. CURTIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain SAMUEL WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 209. Report of Major John W. Hudson, Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations September 30.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH MASSACHUSETTS VOL. INFANTRY,October 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: For the good name of this regiment, and of the brigade to which it belongs, and in consideration of the false statements which are circulating to our discredit, I beg leave to offer the following report of the part which the Thirty-fifth Massachusetts bore in the recent repulse September 30 in front of the works we at present occupy:

You are already conversant with the march of the regiment to the woods which it last entered. We marched by the left flank, halted and faced to the front, and presently moved forward in line of battle well into the woods to the place where the colonel commanding last saw us. At his order we rose from the ground, moved farther into the woods, and changed direction considerably to the left, so as to be in line in rear of General Griffin's brigade, and on or in front of the road designated to us. A small regiment, a part of the line which faced our right flank while we lay in the first position, rose and moved parallel to and about fifty yards in rear of us and lay down again. General Griffin's brigade in our front gradually advanced. The general himself was visible a few yards from our right and on a line with us. Presently a staff officer, then unknown to me, came from that quarter and ordered my regiment forward. My attention being then directed elsewhere, I did not see this in season to prevent the two right companies (Lieutenants Nason and Patch) from obeying the order, which they did with such alacrity as to leave no fragment of themselves at the right of the regiment. General Griffin himself next urged the regiment on. Believing that he mistook us for a part of his brigade, I stopped the movement and told the general why. He had indeed supposed that his left was there instead of being in front of us. The staff officer a few moments after apologized for the mistake. About this time I noticed two or three scattering shots, apparently far off on our right or a little in rear of it. Believing that it was only what naturally would happen between our skirmishers and the enemy's, I thought nothing of it; besides, General Griffin's brigade reached farther to the right than we, and had, I thought, provided for the flank; and, again, my regiment cannot skirmish as now constituted (I should not have felt justified in drilling in skirmish tactics when battalion drills were needed, as they were in our case). I therefore let the regiment lie in line, placing the usual trust in the skill which had put the division into this place. Presently, as I stood behind a pine tree near our line, I saw the small regiment in our rear rise up and stand in line a moment, then look to

