
White, Company H, and Alfred Ireland, Company F, had received appointments as second lieutenants that morning. They conducted themselves with their usual coolness. Blanchard and Ireland are now missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. HUDSON,

Major Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, 1ST Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 9TH ARMY CORPS.

Numbers 210. Report of Captain Thomas B. Marsh, Fifty-first New York Infantry, of operations September 30.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIRST REGIMENT NEW YORK VET. VOLS.,Near Poplar Grove Church, Va., November 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular from Second Division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report:

In the action of 30th of September, 1864, the regiment numbered some 340 men and 10 officers who were in the engagement, all of whom were captured, excepting 1 commissioned officer and 15 men, the latter mostly wounded. The regiment carried at the time one U. S. color, which was presented to the regiment in March, 1862, which was also captured. There being no commissioned officers present who were with the regiment in the engagement, it is impossible to give further information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. B. MARSH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. EDWARD AMES,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 9th Army Corps.

Numbers 211. Report of Lieutenant Lafayette W. Lord, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations September 30.
HDQRS. FORTY-FIFTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,Near Poplar Spring Church, November 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the colors of the Forty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers were lost on the 30th of September under the following circumstances:

The regiment went into the fight with 230 men and became engaged about 4 p. m. The enemy made a charge forcing back the regiment on our right, flanking and compelling us to fall back. Our color bearer was wounded and taken prisoner. One of the color guard caught up the colors and tried to save them, but was supposed to be killed. In falling back, we rallied twice and fired as many volleys. The enemy's cavalry turned our left flank and, getting into our rear, captured 8 officers and 177 men. We also lost 1 officer killed, 3 men killed and 15 wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. W. LORD,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Forty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

Captain T. EDWARD AMES,

Actg, Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 9th Army Corps.

