
December 1 to 6. - The brigade remained in the breast-works near Fort Urmston, on the Squirrel Level road, doing picket duty and perfecting the troops in drill and discipline.

December 6. - The brigade moved with the balance of the division to a point near the Jerusalem plank road and encamped for the night.

December 7. - Took up the line of march, moving along the Jerusalem plank road, reaching the Nottoway River, and encamped for the night.

December 8. - The brigade again moved forward and at 8 p. m. reached the Weldon railroad and was deployed for skirmishing while the track was being destroyed by the troops of the corps, and encamped near Jarratt's Station.

December 9. - At 10 a. m. the command moved forward along the line of the Weldon railroad in the direction of Hicksford, assisting in the destruction of the railroad, and encamped within about five miles of Hicksford.

December 10. - The command moved in the direction of Sussex Court-House on the return, marching about twenty miles, and encamped near the Court-House at about 7 p. m.

December 11. - Took up the line of march, recrossing the Nottoway, and went into camp.

December 12. - At 7 a. m. the command again took up the line of march and arrived near the present encampment about 1 pl. m., the whole movement resulting in the loss of a few stragglers.

Since the 12th the command has been doing picket duty and engaged in the construction on winter quarters.

Third Brigade, First Division.

September 1 to 29. - In the trenches on the Weldon railroad, performing the usual camp and picket duties.

September 30. - Engaged in the action of Pegram's farm, suffering a loss of 34 killed, 196 wounded, and 11 missing.

October 1 to 26. - Remained in camp near Poplar Grove Church, Va., performing the usual camp and picket duties.

October 27. - Broke camp and took up line of march in the direction of the South Side Railroad. On arriving within three or four miles of the railroad the brigade halted and formed line of battle; remained in this position until next morning.

October 28. - Withdrew, covering the withdrawal of the troops. In this operation the brigade suffered a loss of 1 enlisted man killed, 6 wounded, and 2 missing.

In camp near Poplar Grove Church, Va., to 31st.

November 1 to 30. - Remained in camp before Petersburg, Va., performing the usual camp and picket duties.

[December.] - Remained in camp west of Weldon railroad.

December 6. - The brigade was relieved by a portion of the Second Corps and marched toward the Jerusalem plank road and bivouacked for the night.

December 7. - Took up line of march and participated in the raid toward Weldon, destroying several miles of the railroad.

December 12. - Returned to camp.

December 14. - The brigade was moved to a suitable camping-ground. From that time to December 31 the troops have been employed in constructing winter quarters and have performed the usual camp and picket duties.

