
to the enemy of between 50 and 60 prisoners. During these movements of the First Brigade the Second Brigade (1,200 strong), commanded by Colonel William Humphrey, advanced with it at supporting distance. In obedience to orders from General Warren to move to the left toward Ayres' division, I ordered Colonel Humphrey to march his brigade (the Second) in two lines to the left of General Hartranft's brigade, and to advance upon and recapture the line of rifle-pits. (Fifth Corps) then occupied by the enemy. This movement was well executed by him. Moving into the woods unsupported, he advanced cautiously until near the rifle-pits occupied by the enemy, when his brigade gallantly charged at the double-quick upon the works, drove the enemy from them, capturing 100 prisoners and the colors of the Forty-seventh Virginia Regiment. While occupying this line of works he was three times attacked by the enemy in force and successfully repulsed each attack. About the time of Humphrey's advance the First Division, Ninth Army Corps, arrived upon the field, under command of Brigadier General Julius White, and, in accordance with instructions from Major-General Warren, reported to me.

Soon after their arrival General Warren advised me that the main attack was still apprehended upon General Ayres' front (division Fifth Corps), to the left of Crawford's old position, upon which I ordered Hartranft to take position near Humphrey, replacing Hartranft by the First Division. Meanwhile General Crawford had rallied some of his men and put them in position to the right of my Second Brigade, partially filling up a gap between the two brigades. Hartranft moving farther to the right enabled me to dispose of the whole of White's division for the protection of our extreme right, until then held only by a picket-line.

White was scarcely in position ere he was attacked in force, and repulsed the enemy, with success, about the time Humphrey made his attack. General White has doubtless furnished you a copy of his report. In the course of the night different gaps in the old line of Fifth Corps works in our front were taken by troops of both Crawford and my command, so that at daylight on the morning of the 20th the line was fully reoccupied. On the afternoon of the 20th both brigades of the Third Division, by direction of the major-general commanding, were withdrawn to their original positions in the open field and held in reserve, leaving pickets, with supports, in front of the main line.

At 5 o'clock on the morning of the 21st Hartranft's brigade was moved up on a main line, and threw up a work across the railroad between the Ninth Massachusetts Battery and another battery of the Fifth Corps. These works were nearly completed when the enemy opened their attack. This attack was splendidly repulsed by, mainly, the artillery of the Fifth Corps, Hartranft's brigade taking no part in the action, except through the firing of his sharpshooters. The only portion of my command engaged this day was the picket-line, which was temporarily driven in, with some loss, and re-established after the action was over. The First Division remained under my orders in position on the extreme right, picketing its own front, with flankers thrown out from both divisions to guard the right flank of the main body. On the 22nd Major-General Parke moved up his headquarters and resumed command of the troops of the Ninth Corps.

