
Attached hereto please find list of casualties, full names of which have been furnished to the headquarters Ninth Army Corps:

Report of casualties in Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, for August 19, 20 and 21, 1864.

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	Officers.	Men.	Officers.	Men.

First	 2	 17	 10	 89

Brigade

Second

-----

13	 2	 45

Brigade

Total*	 2	 30	 12	 134

Continuation: Missing. Total.

Command.	Offi-cers	Men	Offi-cers	Men	Aggre-gate

First	 3	 72	 15	 178	 193

Brigade

Second	 1	 63	 3	 121	 124

Brigade

Total*	 4	 135	 18	 299	 317

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Aiken's House, Va., August 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 25th instant I received orders to march this division from its position on the right of the Yellow House to Shay's Tavern, on the Jerusalem plank road, where a road turns off toward Reams' Station, and there communicate and report to Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, at Reams' Station. The division had been got in readiness and started immediately the order was received. Passing the Gurley house at 3.30 p. m., I marched for the most part across the country and came out on the plank road, some five miles, at 5 p. m., when I received a dispatch from General Hancock to move on rapidly to Reams' Station, still distant five miles. Little after 6 o'clock, on my way to Reams' Station, I received an order from General Hancock to arrest the stragglers now coming back in large numbers, including officers; to sort them into regiments and hold them. The road was completely filled with stragglers, wagons, and ambulances. Deploying the leading regiment, I drew up Humphrey's brigade in line across the road and was engaged in stopping and organizing the stragglers, when I received word from General Hancock that if I could get up one or two brigades in time the day might yet be saved. It was nearly 7 o'clock. My troops threw off their knapsacks and started at a double-quick, and marched to within about on mile of the battle-field, when I was met by Colonel Morgan, with an order from General Hancock to take a position to cover the withdrawal of his troops; to hold on until his rear division passed, and then to follow as rear guard, covered by cavalry, as far as the plank road, where Mott's division was in position, and from which point I should proceed to rejoin my own corps. These orders were obeyed, and I reported next morning at 7.30 o'clock to Major-General Parke at the

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 127.

---------------

