
Gurley house. I waited till about midnight, and nearly an hour after the Second Corps passed, but the enemy did not appear. A guard from each brigade collected stragglers, hundreds of whom were asleep and exhausted along the road and in the woods, and my staff and orderlies made every effort to arouse them and push them on, leaving none we could see.

The casualties of this division were only 2 missing from the First Brigade and 8 from the Second - 10 in all.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain ROBERT A. HUTCHINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 215. Report of Brigadier General Edward Ferrero, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations October 27 - 28.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Peebles' House, Va., October 29, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent operations toward the left of our present position:

My command broke camp on the morning of the 27th instant at 3 a. m. and marched, in rear of the First Division of this corps, at 3.30 a. m. Nothing unusual occurred until we arrived at a point opposite the Clements house, where my command took position on the right of General Willcox's division - the First Brigade, under command of Colonel Bates, on the left, and the Second Brigade, under command of Colonel Russell, connecting with the Second Division, commanded by General R. B. Potter, at a point near the Hawks house. The division advanced in line of battle through a thick woods covered by a heavy undergrowth until they came within 100 yards of the enemy's line of works, where they were obliged to halt from the obstructions of fallen timber and abatis, which prevented our farther successful advance. Finding it impossible to overcome these impediments, I reported the fact to the general commanding, and received orders to fortify my line and make such preparations as to hold this position. These dispositions having been made, my division held said line until the morning, of the 28th, when, upon the receipt of orders, we fell back to our present camp.

I have to state that both officers and men of this command behaved with great coolness in carrying out my orders explicitly, and are deserving of great praise for their conduct in this action. My staff were ever ready and executed my orders with entire satisfaction.

The list of casualties I have already forwarded.*

In closing I will state that I am very much pleased with the conduct of the colored troops.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps.

---------------

* Embodied in table, p. 159.

---------------

