
Report of casualties in First Brigade, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, for the 19th and 21st of August, 1864.

Killed. Wounded.

Officers.	Men.	Officers.	 Men.

August 19	 2	 13	 8	 71

August 21

-----

4	 2	 18

Total*	 2	 17	 10	 89

Continuation: Missing. Total.

Offi-cers	Men	Offi-cers	Men	Aggre-gate

August 19

-----

23	 10	 107	 117

August 21	 3	 49	 5	 71	 76

Total*	 3	 72	 15	 178	 193

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. F. HARTRANFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. V. RICHARDS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 217. Report of Colonel William Humphrey Second Michigan Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations August 19 - 21.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Aiken's House, Va., August 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the fight at Blick's farm on the 19th of the present month:

At 5 p. m. the enemy attacked the right of the line occupied by the Fifth Corps, driving in the skirmishers and capturing the works to the right of the Weldon railroad, with a considerable portion of the troops holding these works. As soon as the firing was commenced by the enemy, I ordered my command under arms and at once changed the front of my line so as to face toward the point at which the attack was made. Then, by order of General Willcox, commanding division, moved forward as a support to the First Brigade, but soon after was ordered to move to the left. When I had moved far enough in this direction to uncover my whole front I was again ordered to move forward. This move bringing my line in contact with the enemy just coming out of the woods, I ordered a halt and opened fire at once, which soon drove back the attacking force. I was then ordered to form the brigade in two lines, and to move some distance farther to the left, then to charge into the woods, and, if possible, drive the enemy from the works from which he had a short time before driven a portion of the Fifth Corps. As I moved into the woods without connection, either on my right or left, the advance was made cautiously until near the works occupied by the enemy.

Then the charge was ordered at the double-quick. This charge was most gallantly made, and resulted in the capture of the colors of the Forty-seventh Virginia Regiment, 100 prisoners, and the occupation of the pit by the brigade. An hour afterward a portion of the Fifth Corps (Crawford's division, I think) moved up and occu

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 127.

---------------

