
pied the pit on my right. The pit on my left was occupied about the same time by troops from the same corps. After this pit had been taken the enemy made three separate attacks on the part occupied by my command, but each attack was finely repulsed.

The losses of the brigade for this engagement were 12 enlisted men killed, 1 officer and 38 enlisted men wounded, and 3 enlisted men missing; total, 1 officer and 53 men.

The conduct of the officers and men of the brigade during this engagement was all that could be desired. The advance to the first attack was made coolly and in perfect order, the charge on the pits was gallantly made, and the several attacks of the enemy promptly met and repulsed.

On the morning of the 20th I set a detail of men to gather up the arms and accouterments that lay strewn along the line and through the wood. Five hundred and thirteen stand were collected. These arms were mostly found either standing along the pit, with the accouterments hanging across the muzzles of the pieces, or in a line of stacks some distance in the rear of the pits.

The brigade occupied these works till the morning of the 20th, when it was drawn back to the rear of the wood, in which position it remained until 2 a. m. of the 21st, when it was drawn still farther back and to the right and rear of the Fifth Corps. Here it remained until after the engagement of this day. On the morning of the 20th the Sixtieth Ohio Infantry was sent out to occupy the old work with a picket-line, and lost in the attack of this morning 2 enlisted men wounded and 1 officer and 54 enlisted men missing.

Attached I send a list of casualties of the brigade for the 19th, 20th, and 21st, showing a loss during the three days of 13 enlisted men killed, 2 officers and 45 enlisted men wounded, and 1 officer and 63 enlisted men missing.*

The above report is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HUMPHREY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain RICHARDS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 218. Report of Colonel Charles V. DeLand, First Michigan Sharpshooters, of operations August 19 - 22.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT MICHIGAN SHARPSHOOTERS.

August 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions I have the honor to report upon the actions of the 19th:

I received the order to move out of the works in front of the Crater at 7 o'clock on the 18th, but the regiment was not relieved until after 2 a. m. on the 19th, when we passed out under a severe fire from the enemy's batteries and sharpshooters and immediately took the woods to the left. Arrived near the Weldon railroad at 9 a. m. and rested till about 3 p. m., when line of battle was formed, the enemy attacking. After considerable marching and counter-marching we were ordered to charge the line of earth-works held by the enemy immediately on the

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 127.

---------------

