
left of the Weldon railroad. The men were pushed rapidly toward the works by a left oblique movement and carried the works, without firing a gun, capturing 12 prisoners and a large number of guns and equipments. Our loss was only one man mortally wounded. On the 20th the regiment held front picket-line till noon, when it was returned to the second line, and on the morning of the 21st was still farther returned to the supporting line of the corps. Soon after the commencement of the action of the 21st I was ordered to report to General White, commanding First Division, and was established on the picket connecting the First and Second Divisions of the Ninth Army Corps, being relieved on the morning of the 22nd. No fighting took place on our lines during any of the last-mentioned days.

Casualties: Private Stephen Chatfield, Company K, mortally wounded August 19, died August 20.

CHAS. V. DE LAND,

Colonel First Michigan Sharpshooters.

[Captain THOMAS MATHEWS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 219. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Byron M. Cutcheon, Twentieth Michigan Infantry, of operations August 20 - 21.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH Regiment MICHIGAN VOL. INFTY.,In the Trenches before Petersburg, Va., near the Aiken House,

Weldon Railroad, August 28, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of operations of my command on the 20th and 21st of August, 1864:

August 20, at daylight, threw out regular pickets, and about 10 a. m. the main line was withdrawn from the woods. Immediately this regiment was ordered to retake the position in the rifle-pits as support of the skirmishers, which we did, deploying so as to occupy the front previously occupied by the brigade. At the same time a detail was made for the gathering up of arms and accouterments, which lay in large numbers in the woods. In the course of the afternoon the enemy made several demonstrations upon our skirmish line, driving in our skirmishers, but did not press their attack upon the reserve. During the night everything remained quiet. At 8 a. m. of August 21 the regiment was relieved by the Twenty-fourth New York Volunteer Cavalry, and took its position with the remainder of the brigade near the Yellow House. Shortly after, the enemy made an attack upon our lines, but the regiment did not become actively engaged and suffered no loss. Near the close of the action, with the Second Michigan, Forty-sixth New York Volunteers, and Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry, we took position near the edge of the woods north of the Yellow House, but were soon afterward withdrawn and established on a line, with some redoubts for artillery, a short distance from the Weldon railroad, and threw up heavy breast-works, where we remained for the rest of the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BYRON M. CUTCHEON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Michigan.

Captain THOMAS MATHEWS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 9th Army Corps.

