
Numbers 221. Report of Colonel John C. Tidball, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations October 27 - 28.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 29, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that soon after daylight on the 27th instant two batteries of this corps (Rogers' and Roemer's) moved with the corps about two miles to the westward of Fort Cummings, and remained there until the forenoon of the subsequent day, when they returned to their former position within the works. Owing to the wooded nature of the country, neither of the batteries could take any active part in the operations. I have no casualties to report.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. TIDBALL,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery.

Major P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 222. Report of Captain Adelbert B. Twitchell, Seventh Maine Battery, of operations August 1 - October 31.

SEVENTH MAINE BATTERY VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,

Near Poplar Spring Church, Va., November 5, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my battery from August 1 to October 31, 1864:

My guns remained in position, near the Taylor house, and beyond the Norfolk railroad, in the position occupied for forty-seven consecutive days previous, until August 4, when they were relieved and went into park. Remained in park until Sunday evening. August 14, when they were ordered into position at Fort Hell to relieve Captain Mink's battery, of the Fifth Corps. Friday morning, August 19, at 1 a. m., the enemy opened upon our position, and kept up a sharp fire for about an hour of unusual rapidity and accuracy, during which one gun was disabled by being struck by a 32-pounder shell on the cheek and trunnion of left side, rendering it unfit for use; also, one man was slightly wounded. My guns were ordered out of position before daylight to await marching orders, and remained in park near the Avery house until Wednesday, the 24th. On the afternoon of that day received orders to join the Third Division near the Weldon railroad. August 25, marched with the division to the support of the Second Corps, near Reams' Station. Returned to camp near the Gurley house during the night. Saturday morning, August 27, moved and went into park near the Aiken house, where my battery remained until September 9, when my guns were put into position in a redoubt on the plank road near the Williams house. On the evening of September 28, received orders to be ready to move at 3 a. m. on the following morning. Moved as far as the Gurley house; remained in park during the day and night. At 12 m., Friday, September 30, passed the Yellow Tavern and halted at the Peebles house. My guns were ordered into position just before dark to the left of Fort McRae; were withdrawn during the evening. Saturday morning, October 1, my guns went into position

