
Second Division.

August 2. - Second Brigade ordered to the left of the line to support Tilton's brigade.

August 14, - Relieved and returned to camp with the main portion of the division.

August 18. - Moved at 4.45 a. m. to Weldon railroad; formed and advanced in the direction of Petersburg, right and left up the railroad, and engaged the enemy.

August 19, - Enemy attacked the right flank and succeeded in capturing Brigadier General Joseph Hayes, commanding First Brigade, and a number of prisoners.

August 20. - Remained in same position.

August 21. - At 1 a. m. fell back several hundred yards to a new position. At 8 a. m. same day enemy attacked in heavy columns, but was repulsed with heavy losses. In same position remainder of month.

September 30. - The command left camp on the Weldon railroad at 8 a. m; moved two miles to the left; assumed a new position on the Squirrel Level road.

October 27. - Moved several miles west of the Weldon railroad; formed in line of battle and advanced across Hatcher's Run; charged the enemy's skirmishers, drove them from their ground, and captured about 250 prisoners.

October 28. - Returned to camp. Nothing worthy of note has transpired since.

[November.] - The division has not moved since last return. In the First Brigade the regular infantry were ordered to New York City, and left the field on the 2nd instant. In the Second Brigade, Companies B and C, Purnell Legion, Maryland Volunteer Cavalry, 128 men, were permanently assigned as infantry to the Eighth maryland Volunteers, by Special Orders, Numbers 402, paragraph 27, November 17, 1864, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, D. C. In the Third Brigade the Third and Fourth Regiments Delaware Volunteers left on furlough - Special Orders, Numbers 295, Army of the Potomac - on the 2nd and returned on the 17th. Colonel W. Sergeant, Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded this brigade during the absence of Colonel Grimshaw. Bvt. Brigadier General James Gwyn was assigned to the command of the brigade, Special Orders, Numbers 32, headquarters Second Division, and took command on the 21st instant, relieving Colonel A. H. Grimshaw, Fourth Delaware Volunteers.

First Brigade, Second Division.

August 18. - Moved to Weldon railroad; formed line of battle and advanced in direction of Petersburg, right and left of railroad, and engaged the enemy.

August 19. - The enemy attacked the troops on the right of the division, pierced their lines, and moved up in the rear and on the flank of brigade, capturing Brigadier General Joseph Hayes, U. S. Volunteers, and a number of prisoners.

August 20. - Remained in same position.

August 21. - At 1 a. m. fell back several hundred yards to a new position. At 8 a. m. same day the enemy attacked the left flank in heavy columns, but was repulsed with great loss. Remained in same position on the Weldon railroad the remainder of the month.

