
at the Peebles house, and remained during the day and night. Sunday morning, the 2nd, moved out and took up a new position near the Pegram house about noon, under a brisk fire of artillery, in which two horses were killed and the limber of one of my guns temporarily disabled. About 2 p. m. October 4 the enemy opened briskly with artillery, at the same time advancing a line of infantry, which pressed back our skirmishers. My guns replied with spirit, and continued until the firing of the enemy ceased. October 5, about 10 p. m. had orders to move my guns into Fort Welch, in which position they have since remained, with the exception of the right section, which occupied Fort Gregg for a few days previous to October 26.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. TWITCHELL,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Maine Battery Veteran Volunteers.

Lieutenant THOMAS HEASLEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigadier, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 223. Report of Captain Edward J. Jones, Eleventh Massachusetts Battery, of operations August 1 - November 5.

ELEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTERY,

Near Peebles' House, Va., November 5. 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In answer to circular dated headquarters Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps, November 5, calling for information of the service of my command from August 1 to November 1, instant, I have the honor to report the following, viz:

On the 1st day of August last this command was in position in front of Petersburg, near the then headquarters of Major-General Burnside. On the 14th of August the battery was withdrawn and relieved the Fifth Massachusetts Battery, of the Fifth Corps, about one mile on the left of our former position. On the 19th of said month the command was withdrawn from this last position and marched with the Ninth Corps toward the Weldon railroad, and on the afternoon of the 21st, by order of General Potter, of the Second Division, I reported my command to General Griffin, of the Fifth Corps, and was, with the First Massachusetts Cavalry, ordered to engage the enemy on the extreme left of the line, and assisted in repulsing them in their attempt to recover the Weldon railroad. On the 26th of the same month, by General Potter's order, reported to General Ferrero, and was ordered into Fort Howard. On the 30th command was detached from Second Division and ordered to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe, chief of artillery, Ninth Army Corps. On the 5th of October the command was relieved from Fort Howard by the Ninth Massachusetts Battery, and, by order of General Ferrero, I reported to Major-General Parke, near Peebles' house, since which time the battery has been in position on the line, and now occupy Forts Cummings and Sampson.

The only casualty which has occurred during this period was the severe wounding of Second Lieutenant William Woodsum, in the position with the Fifth Corps, on the 15th day of August.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, yours, respectfully,

EDWARD J. JONES,

Captain Eleventh Massachusetts Battery.

Lieutenant THOMAS HEASLEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigadier, Ninth Army Corps.

