
Numbers 224. Report of Captain Edward W Rogers, Nineteenth New York Battery, of operations August 1-October 31.

NINETEENTH NEW YORK BATTERY, Near Poplar Grove Church, Va., November 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Nineteenth New York Battery from August 1 to October 31:

August 1, found the battery in position on the line of the Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, a little to the right of where Fort Morton now stands. The battery was at this time a part of the Second Division, Ninth Army Corps. On the evening of August 10 the battery was withdrawn and parked near General Burnside's headquarters. About midnight, August 14, received orders to relieve Battery D, First New York Artillery, of the Fifth Corps, at Fort Hell. Got into position a little before daylight on the morning of the 15th. About 2 a. m. of the 19th of August I received orders to withdraw my battery and park it near the Avery house. Before noon of the same day marched with the Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, toward the Weldon railroad. The battery was parked that evening near the Yellow House, and lay there in the mud until the morning of the 21st. During that time I was informed by General Potter, commanding Second Division, that he had told Colonel Wainwright,

chief of artillery, Fifth Corps, that he could use the battery if he wished to. During the engagement of August 21 on the Weldon railroad the battery was, by order of Colonel Wainwright, moved from one point to another, and finally I was ordered to report to General Willcox, commanding Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, and the battery was put in position on the line of his division. Remained there until August 24; pulled out, reported to General Potter, and went into park near Second Division headquarters. August 25, put the battery into Battery No. 26 on the line of the Second Division. On the 27th of August one section of my battery was turned in by order of Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe, then chief of artillery, Ninth Army Corps, leaving me four guns. August 30, received an order brigading the artillery of the Ninth Corps, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe. September 25, was ordered by Colonel monroe to withdraw my battery and go into park near the Aiken house. September 26, moved to near the Jones house and went into camp.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of September 28 marched the battery to near the Gurley house, then, went into park and remained in readiness to move until about 9 o'clock of September 30, when I moved with the Ninth Corps toward Poplar Grove Church. In the engagement of the corps on the 30th was in position on the line of works which had been taken from the enemy, and was not actively engaged. Retained the same position October 1, and fired thirty-two rounds of solid shot and spherical case-shot at the enemy, who appeared in the open field near the Pegram house. On the 3rd of October my right section went into position near the Clements house, and when Fort Cummings was built went into that. My left section went into position on a knoll to the front and left of the present location of artillery headquarters, and remained there until October 11, when it was placed in Fort Emery. On the 21st of October received two guns from the ordnance department, increasing my battery to six guns. The center section was placed in Fort Sampson on the 22nd of October. On the 26th day of October I withdrew my guns from Forts Cummings, Emery, and Sampson, broke up my caisson camp, and parked my pieces for the night

