
near Ninth Corps headquarters. At 4 o'clock on the morning of the 27th received orders to harness and hitch, and about 6 o'clock moved to the left, following the infantry of the Ninth Corps. Upon arriving near the abandoned works of the enemy I was ordered to report to General Potter. During the forenoon of that day my battery was put in position on the Second Division line, one section near the right, another near the center, and the other near the left the division. About 2 or 3 o'clock of the 28th I was ordered to withdraw my guns. The six caissons and four of the guns were sent within the entrenchments. I remained half an hour or so with the remaining guns near the rear of the retiring troops, then brought them in also, and went into camp near Fort Emery, where the battery still remained on October 31.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. ROGERS,

Captain, Commanding Nineteenth New York Battery.

Lieutenant THOMAS HEASLEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigadier, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 225. Report of Lieutenant Peter L. Moore, Twenty-seventh New York Battery, of operations August 1-October 27.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SEVENTH NEW YORK BATTERY, November 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, in accordance with your order of 5th of November, 1864, the operations of this battery have been as follows:

August 1, battery in position front of First Division headquarters, Ninth Army Corps, near Cemetery Hill. August 15, moved and occupied Fort Warren. August 22, moved and occupied Fort Tilton. August 31, moved and occupied fort near Gurley house. September 12, moved and occupied Fort McMaHonorable September 27, moved and occupied Fort Alexander Hays. October 13, moved and occupied two forts in rear line. October 18, moved and occupied Fort Fisher. October 27, received one additional section of artillery and occupied Fort Sampson.

I am, lieutenant, with respect, your obedient servant,P. L. MOORE,

First Lieutenant Twenty-seventh New York Battery, Commanding.

Lieutenant THOMAS HEASLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 226. Report of Captain John B. Eaton, Twenty-seventh New York Battery, of operations September 28-October 17.

TWENTY-SEVENTH NEW YORK BATTERY, October 17, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with circular dated October 15, 1864, I have the honor to report the movements of my battery from September 28 to the above date:

On September 28 my battery was stationed in Fort Alexander Hays, where it had been since September 25. On the night of the 28th I was

