
ordered to make preparations to hold the fort if necessary, as the corps was under marching orders, and to send caissons and transportation to the general train. Was engaged in strengthening the work until October 5, and the battery remained there until the 13th. October 13, I was relieved and marched to corps headquarters. Was almost immediately ordered to place my battery in a new fort upon the Vaughan road, and newt morning to move one section into

the fort next upon the left of the preceding. The battery still remains in these works.

Respectfully,

JNO. B. EATON,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-seventh New York Battery.

Lieutenant HEASLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 227. Reports of Captain Jacob Roemer, Thirty-fourth New York Battery, of operations August 1-October 31.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FOURTH NEW YORK BATTERY, October 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following detailed account of the movements of this battery from the 28th of September, 1864, to October 15, 1864:

On the 28th instant [ultimo] the battery, lying in park near Jones' house received orders to move at 3 o'clock in the morning, with pieces and caissons only. Moved to left and halted about daylight near the Gurley house, where it remained until morning of the 30th instant [ultimo]. Then received orders to move in rear of Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, Nineteenth New York Battery having the advance. Moved about four miles farther to the left near present position, when the command was halted just outside the line of breast-works taken by our infantry during the day. Toward evening the battery was ordered forward, when it went into position near Pegram's house under a galling fire from the enemy. It held its position for fifteen minutes, when it was compelled to retire, with loss of 2 men killed and 3 wounded. Then went into position farther in rear, which (the position) was held for about an hour, firing 168 rounds of ammunition, when it was ordered back to the old line of breast-works, behind which it again took a position, which it held during the night. In the morning (October 1) moved back to high ground in rear and commenced building breast-works to guard against aa flank attack. Next morning (2nd) advanced to high ground near Pegram's house; occupied building breast-works during the day; remained in this position until the evening o 6th instant, when it withdrew and went into camp, where it remained until the 11th instant, when ordered into two forts on rear line; the right half battery in Redoubt No. 2, left half battery in Redoubt No. 1, caissons parked near the former, which positions it retains at the present time.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,JACOB ROEMER,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-fourth New York Battery.

Lieutenant THOMAS HEASLEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigadier, Ninth Army Corps.

