HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FOURTH NEW YORK BATTERY, [November -, 1864.]

SIR: I have the honor to forward following report of operations of this battery from 1st day of August, 1864, to October 31, 1864:

August 1, battery in position in Fort Willcox opposite the Crater or Cemetery Hill, Va., with Captain Mayo, Third Maine Battery. d, fired eleven rounds. 4th, fired seven rounds. 5th, fired fifty-two rounds. 6th, fired twenty-one rounds. 7th, fired twenty-one rounds. 8th, fired five rounds. 9th, fired fifty-eight rounds. 11th, fired thirty-five rounds. 12th, thirty-one rounds fired. 13th, fired sixteen rounds. 14th, six rounds fired. 16th, two rounds fired. 17th, eight rounds fired. 18th, fired 149 rounds. 19th, withdrew from Fort Willcox into reserve. 22nd, went into works formerly thrown up by this command to rear and left. 23rd, fired fifteen rounds on the enemy's working party, who were constructing works in our front. 25th, withdrew; orders to join Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, near the Aiken house, Va., distant four miles; reported and ordered one section in position near the Jones house, Va.; threw up works. 29th Captain Roemer wounded in leg. 31st, left section ordered to join the right; caissons moved to near the Aiken house, Va.

September 1, battery went in position near the Aiken house, Va.; engaged in building works; no change in men or position up to the evening of 28th; ordered to be ready to move at 3 a. m.; joined in a movement to the left; became hotly engaged with the enemy. On September 30 the enemy charge on the battery; we were ordered to fall back, with loss of 3 men killed, 2 wounded; number rounds fired, 176.

October 1, battery in position in rear of Pegram's house. Va.; throwing up breast-works; laid there until the 6th; withdrew and went into camp farther to rear. October 8, received an additional section of 3-inch rifled Rodman guns. 9th, broke camp; right half of battery ordered to take position in Fort Emery; left half in Fort Cummings; both in rear line; occupied that position until October 27th; withdrew early in the morning and participated in a movement of troops to the left, lying in position in rear of First Division, Ninth Army Corps; threw up breast-works during the night and returned next day without firing a shot and went into camp on the same spot it had lately left, where it remains up to the present date.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,JACOB ROEMER,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-fourth New York Independent Battery.

Lieutenant THOMAS HEASLEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigadier, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 228 Reports of Captain Samuel H. Rhoads, Battery D, Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of operations August 1-October 28.
HDQRS. BATTERY D, PENNSYLVANIA VOL, ARTILLERY, VOL. ARTILLERY,October 15, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward the following detailed report of the movements of the battery, commanding on the 28th of October [September] and ending this day:

On the 28th ultimo the battery was encamped near Hancock's Station. On the morning of the 29th the battery moved to the Gurley house.

