
On the 30th moved with the batteries of this brigade to near the Peebles houses, where it lay in position until the morning of the 1st, when one section took position took position on the knoll northwest of the house (Peebles); another section south of and near it, and the other on the road about 900 yards south of it. At each of these positions temporary works were erected. The right section had barely got into position when the enemy's skirmishers drove in our pickets; the guns immediately opened, and, after firing twelve rounds, succeeded ion driving them back. On the 4th instant the left section moved into Fort Fisher, and the section on the left of the house took position at the Peebles house. On the 10th instant the section at the house moved to the right section on the knoll. On the 15th instant the four guns changed position to the square inclosed work west of the Peebles house.

I have the honor tho be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL H. RHOADS,

Captain, Commanding Battery D, Pennsylvania Volunteer Artillery.

Lieutenant THOMAS HEASLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps.

HDQRS. BATTERY D, PENNSYLVANIA VOL, ARTILLERY, Near Poplar Grove Church, Va., November 5,l 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the 1st of August, 1864, this battery had four guns in position in the fort in front of the Crater, and two in camp in rear of Ninth Corps headquarters.

On the night of the 2nd of August the two guns remaining in camp were placed in Fort Graves. The guns remained in position until August 19, when they were withdrawn, and went into camp about half a mile in rear of Fort Graves. On the 21st the battery moved to the Williams house. On the 25th the battery moved to the vicinity of the Jones house, north of the plank road, and in the afternoon the pieces went with the Third Division, Second Corps, to near Reams' Station, where they were placed in position to cover the left flank and rear of the Second Corps, engaged, and the caissons returned to the camp in rear of Fort Graves, to which place to pieces returned at daylight on the morning o the 26th. On the 30th the battery moved to near the Aiken house. On September 1 four pieces took position at the Gurley house. On the 2nd they changed position a few hundred yards to the rear, and the other two pieces were placed in position near them. On the 8th the pieces were relieved and returned to camp near Aiken house. On the 15th two pieces were placed in Fort No. 25, the other four in Fort No. 24. On the 26th camp was moved from the Aiken to the Jones house. On the 29th the pieces were relieved and the battery moved to the vicinity of the Gurley house. On the 30th the battery moved, with the corps in the advance, on the South Side Railroad, and took position near the Peebles house. On the 31st [1st of October] two guns went into position on the Vaughan road, two southwest of the Peebles house, and the other two northwest of the Peebles house, where they fired twelve rounds of shell at the enemy's skirmishers, who advanced on their position. On the 3rd of October the section on the Vaughan road took position at the Peebles house. The section southwest of the house took position on the left of Fort Welch. On the 6th the camp was moved to near Fort Wheaton. On the 10th section at the house joined the two guns northwest of it, and the other two removed to Fort Welch. On the 15th the four guns northwest of

