
concentrating his forces successively at different points vainly essayed to break my line. At 7 p. m., of the nine regiments present, eight were dismounted and engaged with the enemy, the remaining mounted regiment protecting my flanks and held in readiness should the enemy charge (mounted) any portion of my line. The action thus continued without abatement until about 8.30, when the enemy withdrew, having failed to reach Reams' Station, his evident purpose.

On the 24th the First Brigade of this division, Colonel William Stedman commanding, relieved Colonel Spear's brigade and took position on the Dinwiddie stage road. The regiments of the Second Brigade were employed picketing to the front of Reams' Station toward Dinwiddie stage road, and to the left of this road, and the two roads beading from Reams' Station to the Jerusalem plank road.

On the morning of the 25th, having reported to Major-General Hancock, commanding all the forces operating on the Weldon railroad, the dispositions of my brigades and regiments made on the preceding day being approved, were continued. At about 11 a. m. a force of the enemy's cavalry, supposed to have been Baker's brigade, charged the pickets of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, reached the swamp west of Reams' Station, but were there met by the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry and aa small force of General Miles' infantry, and compelled to retire. Scarcely had the enemy retired from this point until firing was heard in the opposite direction of the Dinwiddie road, in front of Reams' Station. This was an attack of the enemy upon the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, picketing in front of the infantry picket-line. This attack of the enemy's (mounted) cavalry was repulsed, and the pickets of the Sixteenth Pennsylvania re-established. To prevent the enemy getting possession of the roads leading from Reams' Station to the Jerusalem plank road, I posted there two additional regiments, Eighth and Fourth Pennsylvania. Upon the advance of the enemy's infantry in front of Reams' Station, the Sixteenth Pennsylvania was withdrawn and formed on the left of our line in rear of Reams' Station. When the action at Reams' Station became general I had the First Maine Cavalry (dismounted) posted in the swamp on the left of our line and in rear of Reams' Station; the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry (mounted) posted on the right of the First Maine Cavalry; the District of Columbia regiment cavalry (dismounted) behind a hastily constructed work on a height, somewhat advanced and to the left of the main line of works; one squadron of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry on the left of this work, posted vedettes to its front to notify me when the enemy should debouch from the woods in my front. The enemy made a feeble demonstration on my front, but passing farther to their left assaulted the main line. Whilst making this assault the masses of the enemy were exposed to a galling fire on their flank from the work occupied by my dismounted men.

During the main assault of the enemy on General Miles' front a section of artillery sent to me by General Gibbon and commanded by Captain Woerner did most effective service upon the enemy. The dismounted cavalry, together with about 100 infantry of different regiments collected in my vicinity, maintained a telling fire upon the enemy until after they had possession of the works on my right, and until exposed to a fire from the right and rear. This command was then withdrawn to the north side of the swamp, and formed on the left of General Gibbon's division. The First Maine Cavalry (dismounted) and Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry were not withdrawn from the left of the field until about 12 p. m. During the action of this day the First

