
Brigade menaced the enemy's left flank, but and impassable swamp prevented any active operations. The brigade maintained its position on the Dinwiddie stage road until about 10 a. m. of the following day, and was under the fire of a four-gun battery of the enemy. The Second Brigade covered the withdrawal of the troops, and on the following morning took position at Temple's on the plank road, picketing that road and the roads leading to Reams' Station.

In all these operations the regiments of my division acquitted themselves handsomely. The duties assigned them were faithfully performed.

The aggregate loss of the division was 5 commissioned officers wounded, 61 enlisted men killed and wounded, and 6 enlisted men missing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain W. P. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, November 4, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Division, Cavalry Corps, on the 27th instant [ultimo]:

In compliance with orders headquarters Army of the Potomac, October 25, 1864, this division was concentrated in the vicinity of the Perkins house, on the Weldon railroad, on the afternoon of the 26th, and was then reported by me to Major-General Hancock, under whose orders my command was placed for the ensuing operations. At

3.30 a. m. on the 27th the division marched from its place of bivouac in the following order, viz: Third Brigade, Colonel C. H. Smith commanding, in advance, the Second Brigade, Colonel M. Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding, following, and the First Brigade, Brigadier General H. E. Davies, in rear. The route taken by the division to reach the Boydton plank road was the road leading from the Weldon railroad by Rowanty Post-Office to the crossing of the Rowanty below Arthur's Swamp, thence across to the Quaker road, and following this to the plank road. The enemy's pickets (cavalry) were first encountered at Hargrave's, east of the Rowanty. These were driven to the creek, the crossing of which was held by the enemy posted behind a line of breast-works about 200 yards distant. Portions of the First Maine and Sixth Ohio were dismounted, and, as skirmishers, waded the creek, attacked and drove the enemy from their works. After this no considerable force of the enemy was encountered until reaching the Quaker road. From couriers of the enemy captured before reaching the Quaker road, I learned that General W. H. F. Lee's division of cavalry was in camp on Stony Creek, on my left and about three miles distant, and that General Butler's division was on the Quaker road and in my front.

The leading brigade on arriving at Gravelly Run found the enemy posted on the west side in force. The enemy's position was one of great natural strength. Upon a commanding eminence was a section of artillery, which, upon the appearance of the head of my column, opened fire. A strong line of skirmishers was displayed. The Sixth

Ohio

