
Second Brigade, Second Division.

August 2. - Moved to the front and entrenched; remained as support to Tilton's brigade.

August 14. - Relieved from duty in front, and encamped two miles in rear.

August 18. - Moved at 4.45 a. m. toward Weldon railroad; formed near Yellow House and advanced to left of railroad in direction of Petersburg; drove the enemy some distance, when a general engagement ensued, in which the brigade sustained a considerable loss.

August 19. - All remained quiet, except some demonstration by the enemy upon our picket-line.

August 20. - Our skirmishers charged the enemy's picket-line, capturing 1 commissioned officer and 13 men; during the night withdrew from our advanced position, and occupied the main works near Yellow House.

August 21. - Early in the morning the enemy made several successive charges, but were repulsed with severe loss. In this engagement we sustained the loss of our brigade commander, Colonel Dushane, with several line officers, and a number of men. Remainder of the month remained unmolested in the position of the 21st instant.

September 16. - About 8 a. m. the enemy advanced upon our picket-line, when a brisk skirmish ensued, in which the brigade sustained a loss of 1 commissioned officer and 60 enlisted men captured, 1 enlisted man killed and 5 wounded.

October 1. - The enemy assaulted our line, driving in a portion of the picket-line, but were finally repulsed and driven back with a loss to the brigade of 6 men killed and 8 wounded.

October 8. - Our skirmishers advanced, driving the enemy into his works and taking 2 prisoners of war. At night we retired to our original line, losing 1 man killed, 3 wounded, and 6 captured.

October 23. - The Purnell Legion, Maryland Volunteers, with an aggregate of 554, was mustered out of service, their term having expired.

October 27. - The brigade marched several miles west of Weldon railroad, formed in line, and advanced across Hatcher's Run; charged the enemy's skirmishers, drove them from the ground, and captured 233 prisoners of war.

October 28. - Returned to camp.

[November.] - Companies B and C, Purnell Cavalry, 128 enlisted men, were permanently assigned to the Eighth Maryland Volunteer Infantry as infantry by Special Orders, Numbers 402, November 17, 1864, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, D. C.

December 7. - The brigade left the camp near the Yellow House, on the Weldon railroad, and went with the corps and part of the Second Army Corps and cavalry, all under the command of Major-General Warren, on the expedition for the demolition of the Weldon railroad as far as Hicksford, which having accomplished, returned on the 12th and encamped in rear of headquarters Army of the Potomac.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

August 14. - The brigade was massed in rear of its former position in front of Petersburg.

August 18. - Moved on the Weldon railroad; met the enemy near the Yellow House, just beyond the railroad; were engaged in action

