
The division captured from the enemy 31 prisoners of war, 7 Government wagons, and 24 mules and - horses. My loss during the day was 244 officers and enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing.* One of the captured wagons, which broke down at Gravelly Run, was abandoned, as also one caisson, which was disabled by having its stock broken by a shot, and several of its horses killed and wounded.

In closing this report, I would mention the efficient services on the field of my own staff. A numerical list of casualties for October 27 has been forwarded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

Colonel S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, November 7, 1864-7.30 p. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have just returned with my command. I moved this morning with about 2,400 men and one battery. The Third Brigade (800 men) moved directly from Gary's Church to Reams' Station, thence down the Weldon railroad, with instructions to examine all roads leading to the Rowanty. I moved with the Second Brigade (800 men) from a point below to Gary's Church, and by a road east of Reams' Station, and struck the Weldon railroad, four miles below the station. The Third Brigade having joined me at this point, I moved with both brigades to a point on the Weldon railroad six miles below Reams' Station, and sent scouting paries two miles farther down. I crossed the brigades from the railroad to Proctor's on the Jerusalem plank road, where I found the First Brigade (800 men), which I had sent to that point to make a reconnaissance to Freeman's Bridge, on the Nottoway. From Proctor's I brought my entire command to camp. No movement of the enemy was discovered in any direction. The enemy's cavalry is south of the Rowanty and in its former position. Of the enemy we killed 1 and captured 9; these were generally scouts. No casualties in my command. The regiment sent from Proctor's to Freeman's Bridge has not yet reported, being in rear of my entire command. I will forward report of its operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Jerusalem Plank Road, December 1, 1864-3.45 p. m.

GENERAL: I have captured Stony Creek Station. The place was defended by infantry and cavalry, with artillery in strong works. I have 190 prisoners, 8 wagons, and 30 mules; burnt the depot, about 3,000

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.160.

---------------

