
sacks corn, 500 bales hay, a train of cars, large quantity of bacon, Government clothing, ammunition an other stores. Captured 2 pieces of artillery; burnt all the shops and public buildings. Colonel Gregg's (Second) brigade was in advance and took the station, which was most gallantly accomplished. I am now returning to my camps; my loss is very small.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, December 4, 1864-9 a. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that this morning at 2 o'clock a picket reserve near Davenport Church, consisting of one commissioned officer and twenty-five men, was attacked by a force of thirty of the enemy dismounted. This force passed through the swamps between the pickets and made a sudden attack. We had 1 man killed, 9 wounded, and 5 missing, and 12 horses captured. It is almost impracticable to guard against these attacks of dismounted men in the darkness of night on that portion of the line which runs through swamps. Since the return of the division increased attention had been given to make the line secure against expected attacks of the enemy. A rigid investigation is being made to discover if any blame attaches to the officer in command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, December 18, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division whilst constituting a portion of the command under Major-General Warren, engaged in destroying the Weldon railroad:

This division (excepting two regiments, Thirteenth Pennsylvania and Sixth Ohio Cavalry, and one battery), numbering about 4,200 effective men, left its camps near Petersburg at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 7th instant, and marched that day in advance of the infantry to the Nottoway, at Freeman's Bridge. Forded the river at that point and continued the march to Sussex Court-House and there bivouacked. During this day the Second New York Mounted Rifles, of the Third Brigade of this s division, was detached, and during the entire trip was on special service with the infantry column. On the morning of the 8th, at 4 o'clock, the march was renewed in the direction of the Weldon railroad. The First Brigade, Brigadier-General Davies commanding, in advance, struck the Halifax road, near Nottoway bridge, at 9 a. m.

