
the division, and also all recruits and convalescents from general hospitals in order to supply them with horses and arms before joining their regiments. I had all the hospital tents pitched and bed sacks taken from the ambulances and supply wagons for beds. I placed Asst. Surg. R. H. Tuft, First Pennsylvania Cavalry, in charge, with a suitable number of attendants derailed from regiments.

On August 9 we again moved to Prince George Court-House, where we remained until August 13, on the afternoon of which day we broke camp to take part in the movement with the Second and Tenth Corps north of the James River. I had all the sick unable to travel sent to the division hospital. I took with the division, according to order, ten ambulances and a medicine wagon, placing some hospital tent-flies in the ambulances. I organized a temporary field hospital for the expedition, placing Surgeon Weidman, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, in charge, and detailing an operating staff, assistants, and attendants. We marched all night and reached Allen's farm, on Strawberry Plains, shortly before daybreak. Here we rested some hours and then (August 14) proceeded down the New Market road; met the enemy at Gravel Hill and had a skirmish. We drove the enemy before us, with the loss of 13 wounded and a few killed. I established a hospital in a grove on Strawberry Plains near the river.

On August 15 we proceeded up to the Charles City road and had a skirmish with the enemy, who drove in our pickets, but were soon repulsed. We had 9 men wounded, who were taken to the hospital and dressed, one amputation being performed.

On the morning of August 16, as the division was to move on a reconnaissance, I transferred our wounded to the Second Corps hospital, which was situated on the river-bank, by permission of Surg. A. N. Dougherty, U. S. Volunteers, medical director Second Corps, who was hourly expecting a transport to arrive to convey their patients to the depot hospital at City Point. The Second Brigade, with one section of artillery, moved out to the Charles City road, and at Deep Run (a small stream running into White Oak Swamp) was joined by General Miles' brigade, of the Second Corps. The enemy were posted on the other side of the run behind breast-works, but were soon driven out. We followed them rapidly, and although they made several stands, were driven nearly to White's Tavern. During this skirmishing we had several men wounded, and among them Colonel J. I. Gregg, commanding Second Brigade. The rebel Brigadier-General Chambliss was killed during this advance. I had been ordered to take only five ambulances on this reconnaissance, but during the morning was obliged to send for the remainder. At first I selected a house in a convenient locality, near the Charles City road, for a hospital, but the surgeon in charge, subsequently finding the locality unsafe, moved it back to a dry pine wood on the new Market road. To this place the wounded were sent in ambulances, which again returned to the front. We moved also several of the Second Corps wounded, as they had only a few ambulances with them. As we approached White's Tavern we found the number of the enemy increasing, and some regiments of General Miles' brigade advancing found them in such force that it was deemed inexpedient to attempt to push farther. We therefore commenced to withdraw, and although the enemy followed us, we held them in check, without much loss, and brought off all our wounded. When we arrived at Deep Run, but before crossing it, the brigade was massed in an open field, waiting until the infantry had retired. The enemy followed us to the edge of the woods, under cover of which their infantry formed

in line, and,

