
charging, drove us across the stream and swamp in some confusion. As the command was mounted, however, all or nearly all the wounded were brought off the field. At this point, however, we checked them and prevented their crossing the stream. The wounded were then all taken back to the hospital, either in ambulances or, those able to do so, riding on their horses. From the day's fighting we had 100 wounded, who were all operated on, wounds dressed, fed and sheltered, as far as possible. Several amputations and resections were performed. In the evening I received instructions from the medical director of the Second corps that a transport would be at the wharf on the next morning, on which I could ship all my wounded to City Point. As we had but ten ambulances he kindly sent me a train, by means of which all our patients were sent off without difficulty and at the appointed hour.

During August 17 we held the same lines and had no fighting. On August 18, in the afternoon, our pickets at Riddell's Shop were attacked and also the regiment at Deep Run. As a result of this, we had 9 men wounded. The hospital had been moved back to the grove near the river, and the wounded were carried here and dressed, one amputation being performed. On August 19 the First Brigade was ordered to the left of the army, which had just seized the Weldon railroad. I sent some ambulances and s medical stores with it. During August 19 and 20 we remained in same position. At this time I relieved Assistant Surgeon Tuft from the charge of the division hospital, as I was dissatisfied with his management, and assigned Asst. Surg. L. E. Atkinson, First Pennsylvania Cavalry, in his place. In the night of August 20 we recrossed the James and Appomattox Rivers, and marched to Prince George Court-House, which we reached at an early hour of the morning. This expedition north of the James River had been very fatiguing. During many of the nights the men were without sleep, and during the whole of the time they were on picket duty, with the horses rarely unsaddled. Skirmishing had been very frequent, and the labors of the medical officers were onerous, but they were all industrious and untiring in their work. The total number of casualties during the expedition, according to the regimental reports, was: Killed, 30; wounded, 165; missing, 36; total, 231. One hundred and twenty-seven wounded were admitted into the field hospital. The total number of medical officers present for duty was 11.

On August 21, after a few hours' rest, we proceeded by way of Sturdivant's Mill to the Jerusalem plank road, and during the night continued our march to within a short distance of the Weldon railroad. The condition of the roads was so very bad, owing to the late rains, that it was almost impossible to bring any wheeled vehicles along. We were obliged to leave our artillery behind, and it was with great difficulty that we succeeded in bringing ambulances. At the Weldon railroad the First Brigade joined us. On the previous day it had a skirmish, in which 6 men were wounded. These had been put into a house and dressed, and on the next day, 22nd, were sent to the hospital at City Point.

On August 23 we proceeded down the railroad to Reams' Station, guarding the flank of the Second Corps, which was engaged in tearing up and destroying the railroad track. In the afternoon the enemy appeared in force on the road leading from Reams' to Dinwiddie Court-House. They attacked and endeavored to drive us from our position, but were repulsed. They continued the attack, however, until dark, but without any success, and were then obliged to retire. Our men being partially protected, we had but comparatively few casualties,

