
in all about 40 wounded. I established a hospital at Reams' Station (nearly a mile from the field of battle) in a church. Many of the cases were severe and required operations, and all were dressed and made comfortable for the night. The next morning a few more operations were performed, including a ligature of the axillary artery for wound of that vessel. The artery was ligated at point of wound by Surgeon Rezner. The day previous to this fight I had sent back for the entire remainder of the ambulance train, and, this having arrived, the wounded were all sent to City Point. On the 24th we had no fighting, the Second Corps meanwhile continuing the destruction of the railroad.

On the morning of the 25th, as the Second Corps were continuing their work, the enemy attacked our cavalry in the advance and flanks, and soon appeared in strong force. General Hancock accordingly drew in his working parties and prepared to resent and attack, availing himself of a strong line of breast-works, erected some weeks previously by the Sixth Corps. The First Brigade of our division was on the right, keeping up the communication with General Warren, and the Second Brigade on the left. In this skirmishing in the morning we had a few men wounded, and I selected for the hospital the Emmons house, a short distance from Reams' Station, on the road leading to the Jerusalem plank road. Here there were some shade trees, sodded ground, an ice-house, and good well, and being retired, it was an excellent situation for the hospital. We conveyed our wounded to this house and organized the hospital. Some wounded of General Kautz's cavalry were also brought to this hospital, as this brigade had no hospital organization of its own. Surgeon Dougherty, medical director Second Corps, selected the same place, but before he had established the hospital was instructed by General Hancock that it was unsafe. Some operations had been performed, but we were obliged to return back to Reams', where we occupied the church which we had uses a few days before. This, too in a few hours became unsafe, and we were obliged to move farther back, and before evening withdrew to the plank road. The enemy attacked the Second Corps behind their works, but were repulsed two or three times, until about 4.30 o'clock they opened furiously with artillery, and then charging the Second Corps drove them from their works, capturing some guns and many prisoners. Our cavalry line on the left remained in position until dark. The whole force was then withdrawn, the Second Brigade bringing up the rear. It is believed that none of our wounded were left on the field. The First Brigade made a diversion on the right, but was not seriously engaged. Owing to the nature of the country, and the uncertainty as to where the enemy would attack, the hospital had to be removed frequently during the day, and operations were performed in at least three different places, the surgeons availing themselves of every opportunity of a few hours' quiet. During the day we received into hospital about 40 wounded of our own and also of General Kautz and Second Corps. They were all dressed, operated on, fed and sheltered, and the next day (26th) were sent to the hospital at City Point.

During this series of fights sand skirmishes on the Weldon railroad

our loss was as follows: Killed, 10; wounded, 59; missing, 5. Total, 74.

On August 26 the whole division went into camp on the Jerusalem plank road, north o the Blackwater. They established a picket-line and then remained quiet some time. The First Brigade was encamped in pine woods on small hillocks, and sandy, easily drained. In some of the regiments wells were dug to supply drinking

