
water. The Second Brigade was encamped on the plank road on dry, sandy hillocks. The water was good, taken generally from springs. The men had the usual shelter-tents, which, in almost all cases, were raised from the ground, and raised bunks also were made. In a very few cases did the men sleep on the ground. The division remained in this camp until the end of September. During this month there was a good deal of sickness, the average sick report being about 8 per cent., and the proportion in both brigades being about the same. The diseases were mostly diarrheas, dysenteries, and malarial fevers, many of the latter being of a remittent type. Only the lighter cases were treated in camp, the more severe being sent to division hospital, and as soon as this became filled, transferred to City Point. During the month the number of men sent to City Point hospital was 248. The division hospital remained in the same situation near dismounted camp, and was kept in good order and condition.

On September 1 Surg. G. W. Colby, First Maine Cavalry, surgeon-in-chief of Second Brigade, was relieved from his brigade and placed in charge of the hospital, the organization of which he competed and afterward managed in a very efficient manner. Surg. W. M. Weidman, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, was made surgeon-in-chief Second Brigade. On the night of September 15 the rebel cavalry made a raid to the rear of our army, and drove off a very large herd of cattle which were grazing at Coggins' Point, on the James River. A squadron of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry was guarding them, and lost a number of men captured, among them Assistant Surgeon Stanton, of that regiment. Early in the morning of September 16 this division was sent in pursuit. It moved down the plank road and found the rebels posted on the opposite side of Jones' Hole Swamp. They had a very strong position, from which it was found impossible to dislodge them; in the attempt 15 men were wounded. On the 17th the division returned to camp and the more severe cases of the wounded were sent to the hospital at City Point. During this expedition I was on sick report and unable to accompany the division. Brigadier-General Davies was in command.

On September 28 we received orders to break camp and move early the next morning. I was directed to take one medicine wagon and then ambulances. I assigned Surgeon Junkin, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to the charge of the field hospital, and made the usual details of surgeons and attendants. Early in the morning of September 29 the division (except the Sixteenth Pennsylvania, which remained on picket on plank road) broke camp and marched to the Yellow Tavern, on Weldon railroad, and from here proceed down the Halifax to the Wyatt road. At the same time the Fifth Corps moved out beyond Poplar Grove Church. We proceeded up the Wyatt road and across Arthur's Swamp to the Davis house, on the Vaughan road. The First Brigade, however, halted at the junction of Halifax and Wyatt roads. At Arthur's Swamp we met the enemy's pickets and captured several of them. A strong reconnaissance was sent out toward Armstrong's Mill, on Hatcher's Run. It drove the enemy's pickets, but as their force increased our men slowly withdrew. As we made but slight resistance the rebels followed us up in the afternoon as far as Arthur's Swamp. They brought artillery and blew up a limber chest of one of our guns, killing 1 and seriously wounding 2 men. At Arthur's Swamp we held our position, and here skirmishing continued until dark. At the commencement of this engagement I directed a field hospital to be established at the site of the old Perkins

