
and skirmishing with the enemy until the evening of the 21st, when they retired from our front; since then have been engaged in strengthening our position.

[September.[- The Third Brigade was organized September 14, 1864, and stationed in the works built by Colonel Hofmann's command, near the Yellow House, on the Weldon railroad, and remained in the same position until September 30, when it moved toward the left. Headquarters changed to the field, and occupied a position on the Squirrel Level road. Earth-works were thrown up during the night.

October 1 and 2. - The brigade in the position occupied on the Squirrel Level road; was engaged, with a loss of 30 officers and men.

October 8. - Took part in the advance of the pickets and formed the supporting column, suffering the loss of 15 officers and men killed, wounded, and missing.

October 10. - The brigade moved to the right and encamped near the Yellow House in reserve.

October 27. - Took part in the movement of the corps to the left.

October 28. - Returned to the camp on the 27th, which position it occupies at present.

[November.] - The brigade has not moved during the month.

November 2. - The Third and Fourth Delaware Volunteers left for Washington, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 295, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated November 1, 1864, and returned on the 17th.

During Colonel Grimshaw's absence with his regiment Colonel Sergeant, Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded the brigade. Brevet Brigadier-General Gwyn, U. S. Volunteers, was assigned to the command of the brigade by Special Orders, Numbers 32, headquarters Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, dated November 20, 1864, and assumed command on the 21st instant.

[December.] - The brigade took part in the movement of the corps to Hicksford, on the Weldon railroad.

December 7. - Leaving the camp at which it was stationed at last report, the railroad track was torn up and destroyed at intervals, amounting in all to eight lengths of the brigade.

December 10. - The return was commenced.

December 11. - Crossed the Nottoway in the evening.

December 12. - Arrived at the position at present occupied in the afternoon.

The casualties during the reconnaissance were 1 man killed, 1 officer and 6 men missing. Colonel William Sergeant, Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assumed command of the brigade during the absence of General Gwyn, temporarily commanding Second Division since the 22nd instant.

Third Division.

August 18. - Moved from position on Jerusalem plank road to the Blick house, on Weldon railroad, five miles from Petersburg; engaged with the enemy; about 150 officers and men of the Sixteenth Maine captured.

August 19. - General Bragg's brigade, of the Fourth Division, reported for temporary duty; engaged with the enemy, who captured about 1,500 officers and men of the division.

