
placed in the First Brigade. The Third Brigade was commanded by Colonel C. H. Smith, First Maine, and Surg. W. H. King, Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry, was appointed surgeon-in-chief. On October 25 I received orders to send the sick to City Point, and break up the hospital preparatory to a general move. This was done on the 26th. I sent 181 men to hospital. The tents, &amp;c., were loaded in wagons and ordered with the general train to City Point. I was directed to take with the command one army wagon, one medicine wagon, and half the ambulances. In the former I loaded a tent, all the tent-flies, blankets, clothing, and rations. Surgeon Le Moyne, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was placed in charge of the field hospital, and medical officers and attendants were detailed as usual. Previous to leaving I had Surgeon Colby relieved from hospital, as he was ordered to Maine to be mustered out on expiration of term of service, and Acting Staff Surg. G. W. Lovejoy was ordered to succeed him.

On October 28 [26], at 3 p. m., we broke camp and marched to the Perkins house, on the Weldon railroad, where we bivouacked for the night. At 3.30 a. m. of October 27 we were again on the move, and marched to the Boydton plank road. The Second Corps went by the Wyatt road and Armstrong's Mill, while we kept farther to the left, by the Halifax, Dinwiddie Court-House, and Quaker roads. We first met the enemy about daybreak, and had skirmishing all the morning. The Third Brigade had the advance and drove the enemy steadily before them from some strong positions, especially at Rowanty Creek and Gravelly Run. At the latter place they had artillery and occupied a high hill, and we lost several men in killed and wounded before we succeeded in carrying the position. At the same time a potion of the enemy's cavalry, which had been cut off, attacked us in flank and rear, but were held in check by General Davies' brigade, without much loss. The wounded were dressed temporarily, placed in ambulances, and moved on with the command. During this advance we captured several wagons and some prisoners. About noon we struck the Boydton plank road, and here met the Second Corps, which had come by a shorter road. They were then massing in an open field, and one of their batteries was in position and firing slowly upon the enemy in front. A halt was made here for some hours, but as we were expecting momentarily to move on we were unable to establish a hospital. Directly in front of us was Hatcher's Run, and the enemy were in force upon the other side. About 4 o'clock I gave directions to establish a hospital, as we were then expecting to remain all night, when very suddenly the rebels made a vigorous attack on General Hancock's right flank. At first there was some confusions, but the Second Corps soon recovered themselves and drove back the enemy, capturing many prisoners. The enemy also threatened an attack on our front and left. At the same time their cavalry, which during the morning had been cut off from their main army, came up the plank road and attacked the Third Brigade vigorously, so that, the ammunition giving out, the latter were obliged to fall back a short distance until re-enforced by some regiments of the Second Brigade, when they held the enemy in check until dark. The ambulances had been parked in the open field, but the enemy's artillery having opened from front and rear it became unsafe, and after they attacked us on the plank road I was directed to have them moved back about a mile on the road by which we came where General Davies was then stationed with his brigade. After the fighting had ceased the ambulances were again brought up to prepare a hospital for the night. During the afternoon it began to rain, and continued steadily until late

