
at night. The ambulance corps were set at work to bring in all the wounded from this last fight, a number of whom had collected around a house which had been occupied by the Second Corps as a hospital. The wounded were fed and we were ordered to be ready to move at 11 o'clock. As all the wounded could not be put in ambulances, I took the wagons which had been captured in the morning, and having also two empty ammunition wagons, by this means succeeded in taking off all our wounded, although it is possible that a few may have fallen into the enemy's hands when we fell back on the plank road. We carried off the field about 100 wounded. At 11 o'clock we moved back on the same road by which we had advanced, but having considerable difficulty in crossing the wagons over the bridge at Gravelly Run it was daylight before we reached the Halifax road. We went into camp at the Perkins house, and Surgeon Le Moyne at once made preparations for feeding the men and establishing a hospital. The tent and tent-flies were soon put up and the wounded removed from the ambulances. The wounds were all dressed and all necessary operations performed, and by dark they were all placed on cars at Warren's Station and sent to City Point. The hospital was then broken up and the division went back to its old camp.

The total number of casualties on the 27th was 27 killed, 147 wounded, and 65 missing; total, 239. The number of wounded admitted into hospital was 99.

On October 29 the First Brigade moved and encamped at McCann's Station, on the Norfolk railroad. On October 31 Surgeon Weidman was relieved from duty as surgeon-in-chief Second Brigade, his term of service having expired, and Surg. F. Le Moyne, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, assigned to succeed him.

On November 7 the division made a reconnaissance below Reams' Station, on the railroad, and returned by Proctor' house. They found only a few cavalry pickets, captured some prisoners, killed 1 man, and lost none.

When the division went into camp on October 28 I sent and order to Surgeon Lovejoy to establish the hospital in the same place where it had been before the move. This was done on the 29th and 30th, and be then began to make preparations for winter-chimneys were built, a dining house of logs erected, a look house, &amp;c. On November 9 Surgeon Rezner, Sixth Ohio Cavalry, surgeon-in-chief First Brigade, was mustered out on expiration of term of service, and Surg. C. L. George, Twenty-fourth New York, assigned as surgeon-in-chief First Brigade.

During the month of November the division remained in camp. As the weather became cold the men began to prepare quarters, but as there was no assurance of remaining long in camp they were often put up without much regularity or uniformity.

On November 17 the First Brigade moved to the open field about the Westbrook house, and as it was supposed probable that they might remain there during the winter, a circular was issued from brigade headquarters directing the plan of huts and ordering all to be erected according to the same mode. The plan was a good one, except that it put too many men in one house, and in practice it was found that they were almost never occupied by the entire number. Each hut was to accommodate six men, and built according to the following:

Dimensions: Length twelve feet, width seven feet, and from five to six feet from the ground to the eaves. Digging down into the ground is strictly prohibited, and the foundation for the houses will be laid on the surface of the ground. Fire-places can be made, and no stoves will be allowed.

