
column, and being charged during the day lost a number of prisoners. The enemy followed us in rear and on left with cavalry and artillery as far Jarratt's Station, and during this fighting we had about 15 men wounded. We marched to Coman's Well, which we reached about dark, halted there a couple of hours to feed horses and men, and then continued a few miles farther until we came up to the infantry, when we went into camp. The Second Brigade in advance of the infantry had gone into camp at Sussex Court-House and I therefore ordered the ambulance train to this place, directing the surgeon-in-charge to take the court-house or an empty dwelling house for and hospital. He selected the most convenient house, had all the wounded taken out, fires built, supper cooked, and wounds dressed. One case required amputation of arm, which was performed by Surgeon Le Moyne. The wounded were all made comfortable.

December 11, we left Sussex Court-House at 10 a. m., the infantry having gone in advance to lay the pontoon bridge over the Nottoway. At his place we found a division of the Ninth Corps, which had been sent to meet us. We crossed the river and then continued our march homeward. The Ninth Corps preceded us. As they were somewhat tired with their march already they moved very slowly. Toward evening the wind blew up very cold, and after dark became extremely severe. Near Proctor's house we halted for two hours, and then proceeded to camp. The Second Brigade, however, camped at Proctor's until the next day. Our marching was slow, owing to the infantry column in advance of us, and we suffered greatly from the intense cold. We had sufficient blankets to keep the wounded warm, although they suffered considerably from the roughness of the road. We reached camp about 10 p. m. The wounded were taken to division hospital at once and there provided for. On the next morning I found them all doing remarkably well, and on December 13 they were sent to City Point.

This expedition had been extremely severe, especially on the medical officers. The weather at times had been very wet and we seldom went into camp until after dark, sometimes not till very late, and the wounded then had to be dressed, and we generally marched before daylight in the morning. Surgeon Donnelly and Assistant Surgeons Everhart, Eighth Pennsylvania, and Jones, First New Jersey, were energetic and untiring in their attentions to the wounded. Although the fatigue was great and the weather severe, there were few cases of sickness during the expedition, and on its return only 10 men were carried in ambulances on this account. During this last night's march several men had their feet frozen.

The total number of casualties during the expedition was: killed, 12; wounded, 51; missing, 51. Total, 114. The number of wounded received into ambulances, 37.

The Thirteenth Pennsylvania and Sixth Ohio were engaged on a reconnaissance during our absence, the following of which has been furnished me by Assistant Surgeon Rockwell, Sixth Ohio: On December 8 these two regiments, with the Third Pennsylvania, all under command of Colonel Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania, left camp

at 3 p. m. and at 6 p. m. arrived at Hatcher's Run, on the opposite side of which they found the enemy entrenched. The Thirteenth Pennsylvania unsuccessfully charged (dismounted), with the loss of a few wounded, who were placed in ambulances, and the whole command immediately returned to camp. On the following morning the same force of cavalry, with a company of Second New York Mounted Rifles.

