
and infantry branches of the service must be borne in mind. Cavalry operations are always quickly done, and their movements rapid, having generally the character of reconnaissances. When before the enemy we seldom remain one day in the same locality, and many of our battles are running fights. Moreover, we are always limited as to transportation, and during my connection with the division in not a single instance has an army wagon been allowed to accompany the troops. Hence, our supplies are extremely limited, and we are obliged to restrict them to tent-flies, food, blankets, and dressings, that may be carried in the Autenreith wagon or ambulances. Also a small number of ambulances only is allowed. In one case it was limited to five for the division. Under these circumstances the proper care of the wounded becomes extremely difficult, and our field hospitals are necessary of the most temporary nature. The wounded are often placed in ambulances with temporary dressings and carried along for miles, perhaps till evening, before they can be properly examined and operated on. We are unable to establish hospitals in the rear, because the column would soon pass on and leave them unprotected. Notwithstanding these difficulties we succeeded in all cases in removing our wounded from the field of battle, and in having them fed, sheltered, and the necessary operations performed before sending them to the depot hospital.

The medical officers of the division performed their duties with fidelity, and I desire especially to record my appreciation for the services of Surgeon Colby, for his zeal and energy in organizing the division hospital; to Surgeons Rezner and Wood, whose labor at the operating tablet was untiring, and in whose professional judgment and skill I could place the utmost confidence; to Surgeons Weidman, Le Moyne, and Donnelly, for services and devotion to the care of the wounded while in charge of temporary field hospitals.

E. J. MARSH,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army, Surgeon-in-Chief of Division.

Numbers 232. Reports of Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr., U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 1-27, October 26-29, November 24, and December 7-12.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, November 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

From the 1st to the 11th of August the brigade was encamped near McCann's Station, on the Norfolk railroad, and held a picket-line from Lee's Mill to Mount Sinai Church. On the 11st of August the brigade moved to Prince George Court-House and remained there until the 13th. On the 13th of August the brigade again crossed the James River at the point previously mentioned, attacked the enemy's cavalry near Malvern Hill and drove them out of their breast-works. The brigade remained in position near Malvern Hill for the four suc-

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, covering operations July 26-30, see Vol. XL, Part I, p.618.

---------------

