
ceeding day, each day engaging the enemy successfully. On the 18th the brigade recrossed the river and moved to the left flank of the Army of the Potomac, on the Weldon railroad. On the 19th the brigade was severely engaged with the enemy in their position and drove him some distance. During the 20th, 21st, 22nd, 23rd, and 24th the brigade was occupied in the destruction of the railroad and in protecting the infantry engaged in that work. On the 26th the brigade relieved the enemy, lasting over four hours. On the 27th command moved back to the Jerusalem plank road near Temple's, and there went into camp, establishing a picket-line from the left of the Fifth Corps, on the Weldon railroad, to the Jerusalem plank road.

The above is a sketch of the movements of the command so far as I am able to describe them. I am informed that lists of casualties, &amp;c., have been properly forwarded from time to time as they were received.

Respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. H. BIBBER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, October 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my command in the recent movement against the enemy:

I broke camp on the 26th instant and moved to the Perkins house, in the rear of the division, and there camped for the night. On the morning of the 27th I left camp, marching in rear of the division, and after crossing the Rowanty moved on to Vaughan's house, at the crossing of the military road with the Vaughan road. Here W. H. F. Lee's division, coming up from Stony Creek, made a spirited attack upon the rear of my command, which was halted at the point mentioned, while the head of the column was engaged in forcing the passage of Gravelly Run, but they were readily driven off by the Tenth New York Cavalry, commanded by Captain Snyder. The column moving forward, I marched on to Gravelly Run, covering my rear with the First Pennsylvania Cavalry, which skirmished handsomely with the enemy up to that point, beyond which I was not followed. At that point the enemy moved by a cross-road toward the Boydton plank and the military road, then Spiers' house, picketing down to Gravelly Run. About 7 p. m. a small detachment of the enemy attacked one of my picket-posts, but were driven off by the reserve. About 2 a. m. of the morning of the 28th I moved out on the return of the command to its former camps, and covered the rear of the division on the march, seeing nothing of the enemy. On the 29th instant I moved my brigade to the McCann house on the Petersburg and Suffolk Railroad, where it is at present in camp.

I desire to mention for good conduct on this movement the names of Captain Thomas, commanding First Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Captain

