
August 21. - The Second Brigade moved to the support of General Griffin, First Division. The remnants of the One hundred and ninetieth and One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, of the Third Brigade, were transferred to the First Brigade.

August 23. - Engaged in destroying Weldon railroad.

August 25. - Colonel Wheelock's (Second) brigade moved to the left of General Griffin's (First) division and the Weldon railroad, facing south, and threw up breast-works.

Division headquarters remain in same place as last month.

September 2. - One brigade went on a reconnaissance to support the cavalry one mile down the Halifax road, but soon returned to camp; no casualties.

September 6 to 13. - The troops were building breast-works in the rear and instructing themselves in the drill. The Seventh Indiana, of Bragg's brigade, went home by reason of expiration of term of service, and the veterans and recruits belonging to it turned over to the Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers.

September 13. - The division paraded in front of corps headquarters to witness a medal presentation to three men who had captured rebel flags.

September 16. - The Second Brigade (General Baxter) was ordered to garrison Forts Dushane, Wadsworth, and Davison.

September 30. - The Third Brigade accompanied General Ayres, Second Division, Fifth Corps, on the movement toward the Pegram house and formed in line of battle.

October 27. - At 4 a. m. the division, with the exception of the Second Brigade, under Brigadier-General Baxter, which was left behind to hold the old works, covering an extent of some four miles, moved toward the South Side Railroad, and took part in the operations of the day, with an aggregate loss of 47, capturing a large number of prisoners, and relieving many of the Second Corps who had been captured.

October 28. - The reconnaissance being successful, the division returned to this place [Before Petersburg.] .

[November.] - The division remains in nearly the same position as last return. Nothing of consequence has occurred.

December 5. - The division moved from its position in the front line of works and bivouacked on the Jerusalem plank road about three miles from former position.

December 7. - The corps move on the Jerusalem plank road, this division taking the advance; crossed the Nottoway and marched to Sussex Court-House, where we bivouacked at 9 p. m.

December 8. - Moved forward again and toward night reached the Weldon railroad, which we commenced tearing up.

December 9. - Moved toward Hicksford and recommenced tearing up railroad, which was continued until near dark.

December 10. - Returned to camp, which was reached without serious interruption on the afternoon of the 12th. Since then the division has remained stationary, the men engaged in building huts and making themselves comfortable.

First Brigade, Third Division.

August 15. - The brigade was relieved from duty at Fort Warren, on the Jerusalem plank road, and encamped in rear of headquarters Third Division as reserve.

August 18. - At 4 a. m. struck tents and moved toward the Weldon railroad, arriving at Six-Mile House about noon; formed line of battle

