
Snyder, commanding Tenth New York Cavalry. Both of these officers were engaged with the enemy and displayed courage and good judgment in performing their duty.

I forward herewith nominal and numerical lists of casualties.*

Respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. H. BIBBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY, Camp at Westbrook House, November 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the post of my picket-line established on the stage road was attacked last night about 1 a. m. by loss amounts to 2 killed, 4 wounded, and 1 man taken prisoner; also 18 horses and equipments. The enemy had 1 killed and 1 wounded, both of whom they carried off. The attack was a surprise; the sergeant in charge of the post was killed, and cannot be made responsible. Colonel Newberry, who commands the picket-line of which that position forms a part, informs me that Captain Taylor, who is in charge of the post at Prince George Court-House, and who had the superintendence of the position attacked, has been guilty of neglect and inattention to their safety, and he will prefer charges against him for the same.

Respectfully,H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. H. BIBBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, November 24, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding.

Upon receiving the report of this capture by the enemy, Brigadier-General Davies sent a battalion in pursuit of the enemy. The battalion has not yet returned. A more full investigation of the circumstances attending the loss of horse, &amp;c., will be made, and report made.

Respectfully,D. Mc, GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

The Twenty-fourth New York is one of the regiments recently mounted.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, December 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my command in the recent movement against the enemy's right, resulting in the destruction of the Weldon Railroad:

On the 7th instant I broke camp at the Westbrook house; marched via Lee's Mill and Proctor's to Freeman's Bridge, on the Nottoway;

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.159.

---------------

