
crossed that river by a ford and moved to Sussex Court-House, where the command encamped for the night. On the morning of the 8th I moved out at 4 a. m., and marched in advance of the division, via Coman's Well, to al point on the Weldon railroad, within three miles of Jarratt's Station. My advance encountered along the road small parties of the enemy's cavalry, apparently placed for purpose of observation, at they fell back readily and without much resistance. At the point mentioned, the command halted to several hours, and the Tenth and Twenty-fourth New York Regiments were dismounted and placed at work in destroying the railroad, of which they demolished a mile. In the afternoon I moved forward to Jarratt's Station, which was reached at dark, and the command encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 9th I moved from Jarratt's Station along the railroad in the direction o Hicksford, my advance driving before it small parties of the enemy. At Three Creeks the enemy was first found in force, probably about 200 men with a small howitzer, posted on the south bank of the stream, and resolved to oppose our crossing. The road bridge had been cut down, the railroad bridge was in flames, and all the fords had been thoroughly obstructed with felled timber. After some skirmishing Colonel Avery, of the Tenth New York, succeeded in effecting a passage for dismounted men, and crossed with his regiment, driving the enemy before him for about a mile toward Hicksford. A ford having been cleared, I succeeded in crossing my brigade and moved forward ion the direction of Hicksford. The First New Jersey Cavalry had the advance, and charging along the road drove a considerable force of the enemy (mounted) into their first line of works, on the north bank of Meherrin River. The First New Jersey Cavalry was then dismounted, and, led by Colonel Janeway, advanced on either side of the road toward the works, while the First Massachusetts Cavalry charged, mounted. The First Pennsylvania Cavalry (dismounted), on the right, also participated in this movement. The enemy made no stand, but as our men neared them flied across the railroad bridge to the south side of the river, whence a heavy fire was opened upon my troops from nine guns in position in three large and well-constructed forts. The dismounted regiments I had sent in soon gained the enemy's abandoned works, where they were well protected from fire and should cover the crossing. I directed the First Massachusetts Cavalry to withdraw from the range of the enemy's guns, and while executing that movement the gallant Major Sargent fell mortally wounded by a fragment of shell. The ground occupied with me had been carefully and thoroughly obstructed by the enemy, and was covered with abatis, chevaux-de-frise, and felled trees, rendering movements of artillery and cavalry difficult in the extreme. At this time I received orders to hold the ground I had gained without advancing. After dark the dismounted men were withdrawn and their place supplied by a line of mounted vedettes, and the command withdrew about a mile on the road we had marched up and camped for the night. The enemy during the night made a demonstration on one of my picket-posts on the left, but were driven back, without loss on my part. Before daylight on the 10th I withdrew my pickets and recrossed Three Creeks by a pontoon bridge, unmolested by the enemy, and started on the return march, having the advance of the division. Upon nearing Jarratt's Station my advance guard encountered a party of the enemy, which they drove to the station, and thence on the road to the left running to Wyatt's Mill. Here the enemy was found in considerable force, with two pieces of artillery, and made a strong attack on the flank of my column. I placed two guns of Dennison's battery

