
in position and charged with the Tenth New York Cavalry, which drove their artillery off, and took up secure position for holding the road. I then moved on by the road over which the column advanced two days before, and after halting to feed and rest at Coman's Well came up with the infantry, which had marched by a shorter route in the neighborhood of Sussex Court-House, meeting no resistance from the enemy, small parties sof whom were driven in every direction by my advance guard. On the 11th my brigade acted as rear guard until the command reached Sussex Court-House, seeing nothing of the enemy. From Sussex Court-House the command moved to the Nottoway, which was crossed at Freeman's Bridge, and then marched to the camp it occupied before the movement.

I desire to mention, for good conduct and gallant service, Colonel Janeway, First New Jersey Cavalry; Lieutenant-Colonel Avery, Tenth New York Cavalry; Captain Thomas, First Pennsylvania Cavalry; Captain Brooks, First New Jersey Cavalry, and Captain Snyder, Tenth New York Cavalry, all of whom gallantly led their men in action and contributed greatly to my success.

The officers of my staff all behaved with gallantry and zeal and rendered me most valuable service. I inclose nominal list of casualties.*

Respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. H. BIBBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 233. Reports of Colonel Hugh H. Janeway, First New Jersey Cavalry, of operations December 1 and 7-12.

CAMP FIRST NEW JERSEY CAVALRY, On Jerusalem Plank Road, December 4, 1864.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 1st instant the First New Jersey Cavalry moved, with the rest of the division, toward Stony Creek Station, on the Weldon railroad, which place the head of the column reached at about 12 m., where lange quantity of stores were destroyed. Two guns and 185 prisoners and 6 wagons were captured. The Second Brigade being in the advance, this regiment was not engaged until the division commenced to retire, when we had the honor of covering the rear. The regiment was heavily pressed by the enemy, but the men and officers behaved with their accustomed gallantry and coolness. They were successfully repulsed in every attack. Our loss was small. Lieutenant Dalziel, commanding the extreme rear guard, was wounded in the thigh, but was not obliged to relinquish his command. First Sergt. John D. Williams, of Company A, and Private G. H. Townley, of Company E, also received flesh wounds. I neglected to state that at Duval's Station the regiment was ordered to destroy a large quantity of railroad iron and to burn a number of rebel work-shops, which was accordingly done.

HUGH H. JANEWAY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Governor JOEL PARKER,

Trenton, N. J.

---------------

*Shows 1 officers and 5 men killed, 19 men wounded, and 2 men missing.

---------------

