
10th the division returned to Coman's Well, and next marched back to our old camp at this place, which we reached at about 1 a. m. on the 12th instant.

I inclose the list of killed and wounded among the enlisted men. This was beyond question the most severe and trying rail in which the regiment has ever participated.

I have the honor to be, governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH H. JANEWAY,

Colonel, Commanding.

His Excellency JOEL PARKER,

Governor of New Jersey.

Numbers 234. Report of Major Myron H. Beaumont, First New Jersey Cavalry, of operations September 29-October 3.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW JERSEY CAVALRY, October 9, 1

864.

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the movements of this regiment during the late advance:

On the evening of September 29 we broke camp at Prince George Court-House and marched to the Jerusalem plank road, where we bivouacked for a couple of hours, moving on at daylight to the extreme left of the Army of the Potomac, Warren's corps, hating inside the picket-line. General Gregg ordered me to advance with my regiment to the junction of the Realms' Station and Dinwiddie Court-House roads, and to hold this junction, while I sent a battalion, under reliable officers, at a charge, into Reams' Station to drive in the enemy's pickets and to capture as many as possible. After doing this I was to hold these two roads, General Gregg saying he would like to have me bring on a fight if possible, as he would rather fight there than anywhere else. I accordingly advanced to the junction of the roads mentioned and sent Captain J. H. Hart, with two squadrons, to charge through Reams' Station. With a shout, such as has become characteristic of this First New Jersey Cavalry, away they went, driving the enemy, almost twice their), from the works about the station and three miles beyond, capturing some dozen prisoners and several horses. Captain J. H. Hart, upon receiving an order from me to that effect, retired, and Captain Hobensack established a picket-line on Reams' Station road with the Second Battalion. While this was being done I had thrown a picket-line across the junction and sent Captain W. H. Hick, with two squadrons, up the road to Dinwiddie Court-House. He found the enemy in about equal force, and charging them vigorously drove them from their position, capturing a few prisoners. Returning he established a strong picket-line on this road. Several distinct attacks were made on our pickets now on these roads, but the enemy were boldly met, and gallantly repulsed by Captains Hobensack and Hick. The enemy did not bring any strong force to drive us from Our position, and we lay on picket there until the following morning, Sep-

