
unsurpassed. Three separate assaults were made, and each one bloodily repulsed by the First New Jersey, assisted by the First Massachusetts Cavalry, which had rallied on our right during the fight. The enemy ceased firing and left our front apparently whipper. A charge was ordered, and to Sergeant Johnson, Company G, belongs the honor of being first over the works. The color guard followed, and the regiment, with a wild shout, dashed into the woods and charged a distance of perhaps 200 yards from our first line. We were then recalled to repel an attack on our left flank by Young's brigade of Georgia cavalry. While these events were transpiring in front Lieutenant Hughes, whom I had detached with Company C, was picketing our left flank mounted.

At the time of the last repulse of the enemy in front, his pickets were driven in and Company C became hotly engaged. Lieutenant Hughes finding himself surrounded, ordered a charge and succeeded in cutting his own way out and rejoined the regiment in time to give us notice of the flank attack. Sergt. Charles Watts, of Company C, seeing a group of men dressed apparently like our men, rode up to one who proved to be General Young and asked him, "How in thunder are we going to get out of this?" The general seemed to be as much puzzled as Watts, as he had taken the charge of Lieutenant Hughes for the advance of a mounted force, and had delayed his own attack upon our flank long enough for us to regain our works and be in readiness to repulse him. Private Miles Downey, seeing that they were the enemy, seized upon Captain Jones assistant adjutant-general to General Young, and brought him in a prisoner. Great credit is due to Lieutenant Hughes and Company C, as their gallant onslaught upon General Young's rear doubtless saved us the day. We ascertained after the fight, from the enemy's pickets, that General Young, when Company C charged, sent word to General Hampton that he had been surrounded and would probably be captured. To Captains Hart, Hobensack, and Hick, commanding battalions, I cannot give too much praise. I owe the coolness and firmness of my men in a great measure to their gallant example. Sergt. James T. Clancy*, Company C, killed General Dunovant within ten yards of our line, as he led his brigade in the first assault, and no doubt his death assisted in a great measure to demoralize the enemy. I cannot refrain from mentioning Captain W. R. Robbins and Lieutenant Bowne. Though they were detached from the regiment at the time upon General Davies' staff they cheered our men by their presence in the thickest of the fight, and Lieutenant Bowne at a critical moments seized the colors and himself bore them through a storm of bullets. In our repulse of the attack of General Young, Lieutenant Shaw and Sergeant-Major Dalzied rendered me efficient service in transmitting my orders and seeing them carried out. In this fight the regiment fully sustained their previous reputation for gallantry, and added new luster to the reputation of New Jersey troops.

We remained in the field during the 24 instant, and returned to this camp on the Jerusalem plank road on the 3rd, where we now lie.

I have the honor, Governor, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. BEAUMONT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

His Excellency JOEL PARKER,

Governor of New Jersey.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

