
Numbers 235. Reports of Bvt, Brigadier General J. I. Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations July 30-August 16, November 16, and December 7-12.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, November 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: *

That night [July 30] marched to Prince George Court-House, where the command remained doing picket duty until August 13. At 4 p. m. of that date the command marched from its camp and crossed the James River, at Jones' Neck. Early on the morning of the 14th moved out on the New Market road and by a by-road through the woods to within one mile of Goodman's, on the Charles City Court-House road. Two regiments (the First Maine and Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry) were directed to proceed by a by-road and get on the Charles City road, between Goodman's and Fisher's, and in rear of the force of the enemy supposed to be near Fisher's. At the same time the Second and Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry were sent on the road leading directly to Fisher's to attack the enemy in front. This movement was successful, but owing to the proximity of White Oak Swamp only four of the enemy were captured. On the morning of the 15th a reconnaissance was sent out as far as White's Tavern where the enemy was found in some force. The squadron sent out was followed, and a strong attack was made upon the Eighth and Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, which had been left on picket at Fisher's, and they were forced to retire about two miles. Skirmishing continued all day, and in the evening a brigade of infantry, under Colonel Craig, came up to my support, when we advanced, and the enemy were driven across the swamp at Fisher's. At this point the colonel in command of the infantry not deeming it prudent to advance farther we halted, and the Second and Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry remained during the night on picket. Early on the morning of the 16th my command advanced to Fisher's, the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Brinton, and Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Captain Parke, dismounted and drove the enemy from the rifle-pits and across the open space beyond in gallant style, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry at the same time charging along the road. The;e enemy were pushed back half a mile, when he was found in strong force behind barricades in a dense woods. At this juncture, I being wounded in the right wrist and disabled, the command devolved upon Colonel M. Kerwin.

Complete lists of the casualties sustained during the operations on the north side of the James have already been forwarded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Cap. A. H. BIBBER, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, covering operations from July 26-30, see Vol. XL, Part I, p.619.

---------------

