HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, November 16, 1864.

I have the honor to report the following result of a scout made by a party of fifty men commanded by Captain O'Reilly, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. The party left the reserve on the Lee's Mill road at 4.30 a. m. with instructions to push across Warwick Swamp at Lee's Mill and attempt the capture of a party of the enemy which was supposed to be in that locality. Proceeded two miles beyond and found fourteen of the rebels. Charged them, killing 3, wounding 1, and capturing 12 horses and killing 1. The officer in charge of the scouts was among the number killed. Major McCabe thinks the rebels were the Rives scouts. We lost no men nor horses.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. H. BIBBER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, December 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from division headquarters, I have the honor to report that this command moved from its present camp at 5 a. m. on the 7th instant in the advance. At Proctor's, on the Jerusalem plank road, the enemy's scots were encountered and two of them captured. The command reached Sussex Court-House about dark and bivouacked for the night. At 5 a. m. on the 8th command marched in rear of cavalry and reached Nottoway bridge about 9 o'clock. Sharp skirmishing was going on on the Halifax road, and the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Major Duncan, was sent in and cleared the woods, driving the enemy through and beyond the swamp. The rear of the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry was attacked by a small force of the enemy from a by-road near the point where the Sussex road, leading past Coman's Well, joins the Halifax road. The enemy were soon repulsed, Command bivouacked at Jarratt's Station and moved at daylight on the 9th for Belfield. Reached Three Creek at 10 o'clock and proceeded to Jones' Mill; burned thirty-four bales of cotton; crossed Three Creeks, driving the enemy's pickets before it to the road leading from Wyatt's Mill to Belfield, and on that road to within half a mile of the enemy's works on the Meherrin River. Marched on the morning of the 10th, at 5 o'clock, in advance of the infantry, and arrived at Sussex Court-House at 4 p. m. The country passed over was a rich agricultural district, containing large quantities of corn, bacon, cattle, and whisky, very little of which was destroyed, and will of course be used for subsisting the rebel armies. On the 11th marched from Sussex Court-House to Proctor's, on the Jerusalem plank road, and bivouacked. The command remained at this place until after the rear of the infantry had passed, and then marched via Lee's Mill to camp, on the afternoon of the 12th.

J. IRVIN GREGG,Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain A. H. BIBBER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

