
Numbers 236. Reports of Colonel Michael Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations August 1-20 and October 26-27.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, November 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade, while under my command in the month of August last:

August 1, in camp near Prince George Court-House, with a picket-line connecting with the First Brigade at Second Swamp, and extending to near the James River, connecting with a line of dismounted pickets from Jordan's Point. August 2 and 3, doing picket duty. August 4, moved camp to near Jordan's Point. August 5, 6, and 7, all the brigade in camp. August 8, relieved the First Brigade on picket-line extending from the plank road on the right to the Blackwater on the left, along the Lee's Mill road. August 10, still on picket. August 11, relieved by the First Brigade and returned to camp near Prince George Court-House, when Colonel Gregg resumed command. August 12, moved at 4 p. m. to the Appomattox River; crossed at Point of Rocks and moved to the James River; crossed at Deep Bottom and encamped on Strawberry Plains. August 14, Colonel Gregg again resumed command. August 16, Colonel Gregg being wounded in the engagement near Deep Run, the command again devolved on me. Drove the enemy back toward Richmond along the Charles City road, the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry in advance, supported by the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry and two regiments of infantry (from Miles' brigade, Second Corps). Moving near White's Tavern on the Charles City road, the enemy was encountered in large force, when we were forced back and compelled to retire beyond Deep Run. August 17, the brigade unsaddled and went into camp, leaving one regiment to picket the Quaker road from Malvern Hill to its junction with the Charles City road. August 18, relieved the First Brigade, picketing Malvern Hill to Deep Run along the Charles City road. While establishing the line the enemy attacked in considerable force and drove in our line. The line was, however, soon re-established on the same ground. August 19, still in camp, with two regiments on the picket-line. August 20, Colonel Smith returned and assumed command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,M. KERWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. H. BIBBER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, November 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: After Colonel Gregg was wounded, * the command of the brigade devolved on myself, and I received orders to push forward rapidly on the road, which I did for the distance of three-fourths of a

---------------

*August 16.

---------------

