
facing north; advanced and engaged the enemy; the same night threw up a lie of earth-works on east side of the railroad, our left resting on the railroad.

August 19. - The enemy attacked in force and captured some officers and a large number of enlisted men as prisoners.

August 20. - We were withdrawn to the second line of battle, and participated in the battle of the 21st, which resulted in the repulse of the enemy. Since then we have been in reserve, encamped near the Yellow House.

September 1. - Independent Battalion Wisconsin Volunteers assigned to Bragg's brigade by Special Orders, Numbers 251, headquarters Fifth Army Corps.

September 6. - The term of service of the seventh Indiana Volunteers having expired, that regiment left for Indiana; 107 men whose term had not expired were temporarily assigned to Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers. The First Brigade, Third Division, was organized by General Orders, Numbers 10, Third Division headquarters, September 13, 1864, from the old First Brigade, Fourth Division, with the addition of the following regiments, viz: One hundred and twenty-first, One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and forty-third, One hundred and forty-ninth, and One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

September 17. - The One hundred and twenty-first and One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers were assigned to Third Brigade, Third Division, by Special Orders, Numbers 64, Third Division headquarters.

[October.] - This brigade has remained near the Weldon railroad since last return, being the greater part of the time in reserve.

October 13. - The Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers (15 officers and 393 men) reported to Second Corps, in compliance with Special Orders, No. 79, Third Division, of the 12th instant, having been transferred by Special Orders, Numbers 260, headquarters Army of the Potomac, September 27, 1864.

October 26. - The headquarters wagons were loaded and sent to City Point in the evening.

October 27. - at 4 a. m. the brigade moved toward the South Side Railroad, taking part in the operations of the day, with a total loss of 1 officer and 17 men, capturing from the enemy 227 prisoners, and releasing many of our own men who had been captured.

October 28. - Returned to camp.

November 3. - The First Battalion New York state sharpshooters was ordered to report at division headquarters by special Orders, Numbers 100, from Third Division headquarters.

December 2. - The transfer of the Independent Battalion Wisconsin Volunteers, with the Sixth Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, was completed in compliance with War Department Special Orders, Numbers 411, of November 22, 1864.

December 6. - Broke camp and moved with Third Division outside the fortifications near the Jerusalem plank road.

December 7. - Moved down the plank road to Sussex Court-House.

December 8. - Reached railroad near Nottoway bridge and engaged in its destruction.

December 9. - Continued the destruction of the road and burned the bridge over Three-Mile Creek.

December 10 to 12. - Marched for old camp, which was reached on the evening of the 12th. On the 11th the brigade was rear guard.

December 16. - Moved across the Jerusalem plank road and were located in a new camp, where we have since been putting up winter quarters.

