HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, November 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the lat engagement near the Boydton plank road:

The brigade broke camp at 3 p. m. October 26 and moved in rear of Third Brigade as far as the Weldon railroad, when it encamped near the Perkins house. At 3 a. m. on the following morning (27th) the march was again resumed, in the same position, no part being taken in the occasional skirmishing which took place during the march until we reached Quaker road at its intersection with the Vaughan road. Here the enemy made a faint attack upon our rear, which was repulsed by the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, dismounted. The brigade was here relieved by the First Brigade and proceeded on its way up the Quaker road to where it intersects the Boydton plank road, when the following dispositions were made: The Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry was ordered to move along the plank road and hold in check a body of the enemy's cavalry which made its appearance near the road about one mile in front of our lines; the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry was dismounted, supported by the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry (mounted), and placed on the left of infantry, facing the White Oak road, which line was held by them until the brigade was ordered back; the Second and Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry Regiments were dismounted and ordered to the support of the Third Brigade, as was also the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, which had been withdrawn from its former position. The brigade remained in this position until about 10.30 o'clock, when the orders was given to move back over the same road advanced by Second Brigade in advance.

The following is a list of casualties and losses unstained in the engagement: Killed, 9 enlisted men; wounded, 2 commissioned officers (Captain I. H. Ressler, Company L, and Lieutenant S. H. Brown, Company F, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Calvary) and 35 enlisted men; missing, 20 enlisted men; total, 2 commissioned officers and 64 enlisted men; aggregate, 66.*

One caisson and tender was left on the field, having received a shot through its stock which rendered it unserviceable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,M. KERWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. H. BIBBER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 237. Reports of Colonel Charles H. Smith, First Maine Cavalry commanding Second Brigade, of operations September 19 and October 11.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, September 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions from headquarters Second Cavalry Division, a battalion of the First Maine Cavalry, commanded by Captain John A. Heald, left camp at 3.30 o'clock this a. m., and pro-

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.159.

---------------

41 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

