
ceeded via Lee's Mill to Proctor's. At Temple's Shop met a rebel picket whom they charged and drove back to a small reserve between that point and Proctor's. There a few shots were exchanged, when the party fled, leaving in our possession two carbines, several haversacks, cartridge-boxes, and shelter-tents. They were closely pursued to Proctor's, where the battalion halted and sent out scouting parties on the different roads in that vicinity, but discovered no enemy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, October 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of reconnaissance made to Stony Creek on night of 11th instant by Major G. F. McCabe, commanding Thirteenth Pennsylvania Calvary:

I moved at 6 p. m. October 11, 1864, on the Jerusalem plank road to Proctor's house. Left one battalion of 100 men to hold Reams' Station road, and proceeded with 150 men three miles on the plank road to Stony Creek road, and detailed one company to hold brigade at Jones' Hole Swamp. Thence proceeded by main road toward Stony Creek. Half a mile north of Rowanty Creek found the enemy's infantry entrenched. Having accomplished the object of my reconnaissance, by all the information that could be obtained from citizens and prisoners that no new force had arrived at Stony Creek Station, I have the honor to report as a part of results of my reconnaissance the capture of 1 first lieutenant, 12 privates (C. S. Army), 8 horses, 4 mules, saddles and bridles, and burned 2 Government wagons loaded with wool (with harness), it being impossible to bring the wagons in.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. H. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Cap. A. H. BIBBER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 238. Report of Captain George C. Eckert, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations August 1-31.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, August 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following operations of the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry for the month of August:

August 1, about 10 a. m., moved east of Prince George-House three miles on the road to Fort Powhatan and camped, and picketed the roads and country in that vicinity until August 2. Marched to north side of Prince George Court-House and camped. August 3, at 7 p. m. broke camp and marched to near - house, on the road to

