
Lee's Mill, and camped. August 4, moved half a mile to right of road to Lee's Mill and camped; at 4 p. m. moved back to railroad crossing and picketed until 9 p. m.; relieved by Sixth Ohio and marched to camp near Jordan's Point, which place was reached at 1 a. m. August 5, in camp near Jordan's Point. August 8, went on picket on left of infantry front, near Jerusalem plank road. August 9 and 10, on picket at same place. August 11, relived from picket by First Brigade; returned to camp near Court-House. August 12, at Prince George Court-House. August 13, moved across the James River. August 14 and 15, at Deep Bottom. August 16, at Deep Bottom, where we engaged the enemy, loosing 4 officers and 26 men; bivouacked in the open field. August 17, went into camp until August 18, when we attacked the enemy, losing 4 officers and 28 men. August 19, went on picket on Charles City Court-House road. August 20, on picket as before; at 9 p. m. withdrew and recrossed James River, marching toward Prince George Court-House; camped near that place during the night. August 21, marched toward Reams' Station and camped near the Weldon railroad. August 22, on the Weldon railroad near Reams' Station. August 23, at Reams' Station; made scout; engagement toward evening; 1 officer wounded, 3 men killed, 3 men wounded, 2 men missing; camped at the station during the night. August 24, on picket at Reams' Station relieved by infantry in the afternoon. August 25, went on picket near Wood's Shop; fell back in the night to the Jerusalem plank road. August 26, was relived from picket by First Maine; went into camp on the Jerusalem plank road. August 27, in camp on the Jerusalem plank road. August 28, went on picket and picketed the roads and country between the Weldon railroad and Jerusalem plank road. August 29, on picket. August 30, relieved from picket and went into camp on the Jerusalem plank road. August 31, in camp on the Jerusalem plank road. In all, traveled about 200 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. ECKERT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain MAINLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 239. Report of Major Joseph W. Wistar, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations October 26-28.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, Near Smith's House, November 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this regiment during the late operations son the Boydton plank road. On the 26th the regiment, then on picket, withdrew and moved on the 27th the Dinwiddie road and by the Vaughan and Quaker roads to the plank road. The regiment was not actively engaged in the attack at Gravelly Run, but were formed as mounted support in the skirmish near plank road. On the night of the 28th the regiment brought up the extreme rear of the reconnoitering party to the railroad; thence to Jerusalem plank road and encamped.

J. W. WISTAR,Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. B. MAINLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

