
Numbers 240. Report of Lieutenant Lewis McMakin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations October 27-28.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, November 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the engagement on the Boydton plank road, pursuant to circular, dated headquarters Second Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry Corps, October 31, 1864:

The regiment moved in rear of the battery, one squadron (Companies A and I), under Lieutenant R. Brown, being ordered to support it. This squadron remained with the section engaged during the whole engagement, suffering a loss of 1 killed and 3 wounded. After the connection with the Second Army Corps on the Boydton plank road, the regiment moved forward, mounted, to develop the force on the road toward Petersburg. As soon as the infantry became engaged the regiment moved back to headquarters of brigade and remained mounted under some artillery fire until the heavy attack was made on the front by the enemy, when it was dismounted and moved up to support the line on the front and left, where it was when the enemy attacked the left and rear. It then moved to the rear and fought dismounted with the brigade until after dark, when, the enemy being repulsed, it was ordered to horse and moved i advance of the division to camp on Weldon railroad.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,LEW. McMAKIN,

Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Captain J. B. MAINLAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 241. Report of Colonel Michael Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations November 28.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, November 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of a scout made to Rowanty Creek:

The regiment was in readiness to mount at early daylight in pursuance of orders, but owing to the non-appearance of staff officer form General Meade's headquarters was detained until 8 a. m. It then moved on the Lee's Mill road to that place, finding the planks taken from the bridge. These were replaced, and the regiment proceeded to Proctor's house, where a vedette of the enemy was found and a squadron left to hold the road. Thence taking the Jerusalem plank road to the Stony Creek road it proceeded to Dunn's house, where another vedette of the enemy was found and driven in. The reserve of this vedette appeared to be toward Salem Church. The command then moved to Rowanty Creek, where the main reserve of the enemy was found. The information obtained was that the only force at Stony Creek Station

