
is a portion of Hampton's dismounted cavalry, with two pieces of artillery, a mounted picket reserve at Rowanty Creek, and vedettes as far as Proctor's house on the plank road. The command then returned to camp by the same route, bringing in 2 prisoners, 13 contrabands, 22 mules, 5 horses, 6 wagons loaded with wheat, &amp;c., and 2 carts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. KERWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. B. MAINLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 242. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel John K. Robinson, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations September 15 and October 27.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, In the Field, September 15, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations, observations, &c., of the cavalry this day under my command accompanying the reconnaissance made by your command:

After advancing about half a mile outside the infantry picket-line on road leading to Poplar Spring Church I found the road blockaded and picketed by enemy's cavalry. Only a slight resistance was made for half a mile, but on arriving near said church they were more obstinate, but by throwing out a dismounted skirmish line, supported by a mounted one, the enemy was forced to retire, via J. Hawks' farm, some distance beyond the J. Clements farm, in which one of the enemy was killed. I had no casualties. Nothing of special interest developed itself. The roads show considerable travel, but nothing indicating the movement of any considerable body of troops. Information received from a citizen to the effect that a brigade of rebel cavalry lies on the plank road two and a half to three miles from the Clements farm.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,J. K. ROBINSON,

Lieutenant Colonel 16th Pa. Cav., Commanding 4th and 16th Pa. Cav. Regts.

Brigadier-General BAXTER.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, October 31, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, &c., this date, I have the honor to report the part taken by Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry in the recent operations on Boydton plank road, &c.:

While the column (Third Brigade) was advancing toward Boydton plank road, leaving Dinwiddie Court-House road three miles from Court-House, one battalion, commanded by Captain J. C. Robinson and one squadron by R. C. Caughey, C Company, picketed said road and branches. They were attacked and charged by the enemy, but repulsed them handsomely, holding roads till relived by First Brigade. In engagement on Boydton plank road the regiment was dismounted about 3.30 p. m. and aligned, joining the infantry left and opposite a very annoying rebel battery. The line had scarce been formed ten minutes till the enemy charged it, but retaining our fire until they came

