
HORSE BATTERIES H AND I, FIRST U. S. ARTILLERY, October 31, 1864. GENERAL: My report has just been returned to me, and, in accordance with your indorsement on it, I have the honor to make the following statement:

Near the house used as a hospital I was in line with the rifled guns and all the caissons of the battery excepting one. This was about 1 p. m., at which time Colonel Kerwin ordered me to remain there until further orders. Toward evening I could neither find division nor brigade headquarters. The dismounted cavalry and the infantry, men and officers, were running through my section. I put on a guard and turned them aside. The led horses of the Second Brigade were in the same field with me, and the shelling of the enemy was so severe as to force the led horses of the cavalry into another field. Being left alone and no orders, I followed the led horses. As I was pulling out a shell burst near my caisson, disabling 3 horses and 2 men. This was not reported to me until I halted, at which time I sent back a non-commissioned officer, who reported to me that "the horses and harness were all gone." At this time Sergeant Smith reported to me that his caisson was shot through the stock by a rifled ball and unable for a day's march. Finding nothing but turmoil and frightened infantry, and no brigade headquarters, I went to Captain Harper, who told me to stay in the field, though he was not on duty, but had the general's escort with him. A few minutes after that, Captain Mainland told me to return to my former place. At that time I told Captain Mainland about one caisson having its stock shoot through, and the other caisson having its horses shot, and the drivers (green) running away with their wheel harness, without which it was impossible to bring off the caisson. Captain Mainland told me that he would endeavor to get harness to bring it off, and if he failed to get it to destroy the ammunition the best way I could. In accordance with that order I opened the chests and the powder was all destroyed by the rain. I stood under fire doing nothing for six hours (I could find no staff officer to direct me), and was there with the led horsed, which were in confusion, and the ambulance also. In future I would respectfully suggest that the senior artillery officer in this command act as chief of artillery until the return of Colonel Gregg.

ED. L. GARVIN,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Batteries H and I.

General GREGG, Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 244. Reports of Bvt. Brigadier General Charles H. Smith, First Maine Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations October 26-28 and December 7-12.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, October 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to instructions from division headquarters of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this brigade for the 27th instant:

At 2 p. m. on the 26th the brigade broke camp and moved to the Weldon railroad in the vicinity of the Perkins house, where, with the division, it bivouacked. At 3.30 o'clock on the morning of the 27th instant the whole command moved out, this brigade having the advance

