
Second Brigade, Third Division.

August 1. - Brigade on picket on west side of Jerusalem plank road, near Jones' house; remained until the 15th instant.

August 15. - Colonel R. Coulter, Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, assumed command; brigade was relieved from picket duty by a portion of Fourth Division, Ninth Corps; marched two miles to the rear and went into camp.

August 18. - Broke camp at daylight; marched five miles to Weldon railroad, near the Yellow House; formed in line of battle; attacked the enemy's skirmishers; drove them a mile with slight loss. Colonel Wheelock, Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers, relieved Colonel R. Coulter from command of the brigade by order of General Crawford; threw up temporary breast-works, skirmishing all night; connected our skirmishers on the right with Third Brigade and on the left with First Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Army corps. Five companies of Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers were sent to support the skirmish line of Third Brigade.

August 19. - Strengthened our works and extended them forty rods. At 1 p. m. enemy advanced in three lines of battle, drove in our skirmishers, turned our right and left flanks, and formed in line of battle in our rear; brigade was moved across our breast works, faced by the rear rank, and repulsed the enemy, capturing 1 flag and 60 prisoners. Our loss was quite heavy in prisoners; casualties few.

August 20. - Fell back half a mile; threw up works near the Blick house.

August 21. - Moved to the support of Fourth Division; took position in the breast-works near Yellow House.

August 23. - Moved at 8 a. m. to the Weldon railroad, and destroyed two miles of track.

August 25. - Moved at 2 p. m. about a mile to the left; built breastworks near the Perkins house.

August 29. - General Baxter resumed command of brigade.

August 30 and 31. - Sent a detail of 400 men to build a fort near Blick's house.

September 1. - In camp near Weldon railroad.

September 2. - Brigade moved at 2 a. m. to support cavalry on a reconnaissance; marched about a mile on the Halifax road and halted until daylight; marched back to Yellow House and went outside the works about ten rods; remained there until 10 a. m., when the cavalry returned, then marched back to camp; no casualties.

September 6.- Moved out at 5.30 a. m. and built breast-works to connect with, the works of Ninth Corps at the Gurley house.

September 13. - Marched to corps headquarters to witness presentation of medal to Private Reed, Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

September 14. - First and Second Brigades consolidated. Formed line at 4 a. m. and went on a reconnaissance to the vicinity of Poplar Spring Church; found the enemy in force behind works; drove in their pickets and returned to camp with small loss.

September 16. - Ordered to garrison Forts Wadsworth and Dushane.

September 25. - Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers ordered to garrison Fort Davison.

September 29. - Made a reconnaissance at 3 p. m. to Poplar Spring Church with Eleventh, Eighty-eight, and Ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Thirty-ninth Massachusetts, and One hundred and fourth

5 R R - VOL XLII, PT I

