
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, September 15, 1864.

Report accepted; approved.

The signal corps of this department, under charge of Captain Norton, has rendered important and excellent service, and Captain Norton has at all times shown himself prompt, intelligent, and efficient.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 246. Reports of Captain Henry R. Clum, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Chief Signal Officer, Department of Virginia and North Carolina, of operations September 1-October 31.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

October 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the condition of the signal detachment in the Department of Virginia and North Carolina and of its operations for the month ending September 30, 1864:

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 288, paragraph 3, dated War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, September 1, 1864, I relieved Captain L. B. Norton in his duties as chief signal officer of the department on the 6th of the month. I found on taking charge twenty-four commissioned officers, fifteen non-commissioned officers, and 173 privates, comprising the detachment. During the month one commissioned officer has been discharged, one non-commissioned officer has been transferred, two non-commissioned officers and seven privates have been discharged by reason of expiration of enlistment and one private by sentence of court-martial. Three privates have died and one has been transferred, leaving at the end of the month twenty-three commissioned officers, twelve non-commissioned officers, and 161 privates.

The signal stations in operation, twenty-three in number, were located as follows: At New Berne, Fort Anderson, Fort Gaston, cavalry camp on Trent road, Batchelder's Creek, Harrison house on Neuse road, Red House, and Beech Grove, in District of North Carolina; at General Butler's headquarters, Cobb's Hill, Battery Numbers 3, Water Battery, on James River, Crow's Nest, Dutch Gap, General Carr's old headquarters, headquarters of the Eighteenth Army Corps, flag-ship Onondaga, Spring Hill, Friend's house Avery's house, General Graham's headquarters, Fort Powhatan, and Fort Pocahontas, in District of Virginia. The stations at Crow's Nest, Friend's house, and Avery's house were used as stations of observation; the one at Spring Hill as a station of observation and communication; all the others as stations of communication.

During the month the following changes in stations have taken place: On the 8th of the month, the station at Crow's Nest was discontinued, and the tower on James River opposite Dutch Gap, having been completed the same day, communication was established between it and Cobb's Hill tower, the flag-ship Onondaga, and the working party at

