
Dutch Gap. The tower on James River is 126 feet high. A good view is had from it of the river to near Richmond and of the surrounding country.

On the 20th station at the Water Battery was discontinued, and the next day communication opened between the James River tower and headquarters of the Eighteenth Army Corps, at Hatcher's house, by means of a line cut through the woods, thus doing away with the necessity of keeping a station at the Water Battery. On the 22nd communication was opened by a very little cutting of timber between the James River tower and Battery Numbers 3; and the same day the station at General Carr's old headquarters was discontinued, it being of no further use as an intermediate station between either Battery Nol. 3 or the Water Battery, and the headquarters of the Eighteenth Army Corps. On the 24th Lieutenant Brodie, commanding detachment with the Tenth Army Corps, opened communication between the headquarters of the corps and the following places: Avery's house, Friend's house, and General Terry's headquarters. Communication was opened by erecting a tower at the corps headquarters. The next day, however, the Tenth Army Corps was relieved by the Second, and all the stations operated by the Tenth Corps were discontinued. On the 28th, learning that a move was to be made across the James river at Deep Bottom, I instructed Lieutenant A. G. Simons, acting signal officer at Spring Hill, to forward all reports of observation made by him through the Cobb's Hill tower to the James River tower, and Lieutenant F. J. Amsden, signal officer at James River tower, to watch for signals in the vicinity of Deep Bottom, and if communication was opened to forward to me all reports received from Spring Hill, together with any he might make. On the 29th we left camp and crossed the James River at Deep Bottom. I found, on crossing the river, that Lieutenant Brodie had opened a station of observation on a tree near Deep Bottom. Soon after, the enemy having been driven back, Lieutenant Tuckerman, of Lieutenant Brodie's detachment, opened a station on an old rebel tower on New Market Hill, and communication was opened with General Butler's headquarters advanced on the New Market road about one mile and a half beyond Lieutenant Tuckerman's station. About the same time the station of observation was discontinued and communication opened between the station on New Market Hill and the James River tower. During the day several important messages reporting the movement of troops from Petersburg to Richmond were received at the station on New Market Hill from Spring Hill, and forwarded by couriers to General Butler at the front, it being impracticable to open communication between New Market Hill and general headquarters by signals. On the 30th a station was opened on a tree about one mile from New Market Hill, and near general headquarters; also one near the telegraph office at Deep Bottom, communicating with New Market Hill. The station near Deep Bottom was discontinued at night, the telegraph having been extended to general headquarters. The station on tree was also moved to an open field near by.

The accompanying map will who the location of the stations of observation and the lines of communication that have been in operation during the month in the District of Virginia, with the exception of those established on the 29th and 30th, and those at Forts Powhatan and Pocahontas. I am unable to furnish a map of the stations on the north side of the James at present, but will endeavor to do so with my next report. No changes in stations in the District of North Carolina have taken place.

