
point about one mile toward the front on the New Market road. On the same day a station was established by Lieutenant Partridge at a house called by some Chaffin's house, situated near the Kingsland road, and to the left of the Varina road. This station was used as a station of observation, and communicated also with a station opened same day at headquarters of the Eighteenth Army Corps. The station at Dutch Gap was discontinued same day, and on the following day the station at Battery Numbers 3, on south side of James River, was discontinued. On the 3rd the station at Chaffin's house was discontinued and one opened at Fort Harrison, the fort being a better point for observing the enemy, and communication opened from it with the James River tower, and with headquarters of the Eighteenth Army Corps. On the 4th general headquarters were moved from a point on the New market road about half a mile to the rear of our line of works, to Frayser's house, and communication established the same day between it and the James River tower and, via James River tower, with station on New Market Hill. On the 5th a station was opened by Lieutenant Krzywoszynski, of Lieutenant Brodie's detachment, in a tree to the right of and near the New Market road, to be used as a station of observation, also as a station of communication with Fort Harrison. This station was discontinued on the 9th, it being found impossible to see any point on the enemy's line or in rear of it that would be of any benefit, and the communication with Fort Harrison was not thought of sufficient importance to warrant its continuance. On the 12th another station of observation was opened by Lieutenant Krzywoszynski on a tree in front of our line of works and in front of the left of the Tenth Army Corps. This station overlooks the enemy's line and some of the roads leading to Richmond. On the 14th the station at Spring Hill was discontinued, for the reason that all the points watched from it could be seen from Cobb's Hill tower, and one officer be gained for the front. On the 16th general headquarters having been permanently removed to the north side of the James River at Frayser's house, the station at the old headquarters, near Broadway Landing to Hatcher's house on the same day, and communication was at once established by Lieutenant Carpenter, signal officer with General Graham, with James River tower. On the 27th a demonstration was made on our extreme right. Our lines were extended from the Central, or Darbytown, road to a short distance beyond the Charles City road, part of the Eighteenth Army corps advancing up the Williamsburg road. The country being so thickly wooded to the right of the Central road, it was impossible to open any lines to the right of the road. A line was established from a point near the headquarters of the Tenth Army Corps, which was near the Central road, and a t which General Butler also made his headquarters, and headquarters of General Hawley, commanding one of the divisions in the Tenth Army Corps. The next morning (28th) the station opened on the 5th was reopened and communication established along the front from the station of observation, marked C on the accompanying map, and the headquarters of the Tenth Army Corps, near the Central road. During the day, however, our troops withdrew to their original position and the three stations on the right of the New Market road were discontinued. The stations at Forts Pocahontas and

