
Powhatan, in the District of Virginia, and all stations in the District of North Carolina, with the exception of the one at Fort Gaston, which was discontinued on the 21st of September, are still in operation. The station on the flag-ship of the James River division has been temporarily discontinued, Lieutenant W. W. Clemens, with his flagmen, having been ordered on the 26th to report to the commanding officer of the North Atlantic Squadron. The station will be reopened as soon as a party can be spared for that purpose. I find on reviewing the operations for the month that eight stations have been established and ten discontinued, including the one at Fort Gaston, leaving nineteen in operation on the last day of the month.

The accompanying map will show all the stations that have been opened and in operation on the north side of the James River during the month, including, also, those opened on the 29th and 30th of September. The ones marked 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, and the station of observation marked A, were established on those days. Three stations have been under fire during the month-the one on the right of the New Market road, established on the 5th, and in charge of Lieutenant Krzywoszynski, was under a severe fire during an attack of the enemy on our lines at that point on the 7th; the one at Fort Harrison has been frequently under fire during the month; the tower at James River has also been under fire more or less during the month. The stations of observation are the towers at Cobb's Hill and James River, at Fort Harrison, and in front of the Tenth Army Corps. The Cobb's Hill station reports all trains and movements of troops over the railroad between Richmond and Petersburg; it also overlooks most of the enemy's line between the James and Appomattox Rivers. The James River tower station reports operations and movements of the enemy on the James River, and on each side of it to near Richmond. The stations at Fort Harrison and in front of Tenth Army Corps report everything that takes place on enemy's line in the immediate front of the Eighteenth and Tenth Army Corps.

During the month ten enlisted men have been discharged by reason of expiration of term of enlistment, one has been transferred, and seven have died. Of the latter five belonged to the detachment in District of North Carolina. Owing to the large number sick in that detachment, Lieutenant Moffatt, at present in charge, had twelve enlisted men detailed for watch duty. I have made no application for more enlisted men to be ordered here, that I might furnish him with a sufficient number to perform the duty required of him, for the reason that the yellow fever has been and is now so prevalent in that district that I did not think it advisable to send more men there until the epidemic abated.

On the 15th Privates H. G. White and James Toman were captured by guerrillas on the New Market road a short distance below the old rebel signal tower, whence they had gone after lumber and forage. They had with them each a horse and equipments, and Private White a pistol and equipments, belonging to the Government. On the 29th Private Toman returned, having made his escape from Richmond, to which place they had been taken after capture.

Lieuts. Paul Brodie and S. B. Partridge, in charge of detachments with the Tenth and Eighteenth Army Corps, respectively, are entitled to great credit for the zeal and energy they have shown in opening lines of communication and stations of observation, whenever and wherever it has been practicable to do so, and for the able manner in which they have managed their detachments generally. Lieutenant Krzywoszynski is entitled to great credit for the ability and energy he has shown

