
New York Volunteers; drove the enemy's skirmishers more than a mile and advanced until we were opened on with artillery. The enemy attempted to turn our right flank with a heavy line of skirmishers, supported by a line of battle, but we withdrew to our works in good order and with no loss.

[October.] - This brigade had not marched during the month, but occupies nearly the same position as formerly in the works and entrenchments near the Weldon railroad, with entrenchments in the rear line.

October 27. - The Fifth corps moved to the left, with the exception of this brigade, which was left to hold the line, covering an extent of some four miles.

October 28. - The corps returned, when the brigade was partially got together.

[November.] - The brigade remains in same position. Nothing of importance has transpired during the month.

December 5. - Brigade moved from its position in the front line of works, east of the Halifax road, and bivouacked on the Jerusalem plank road, about three miles from its former position.

December 7. - The corps moved on the Jerusalem plank road, this brigade taking the advance; crossed the Nottoway and reached Sussex Court-House at 9 p.l m., where it bivouacked.

December 8. - Moved forward again and toward night reached the Weldon railroad, which we commenced tearing up.

December 9. - Moved toward Hicksford and recommenced tearing up railroad, which was continued until near dark.

December 10. - Returned to camp, which was reached without serious interruption on the afternoon of the 12th. Since then the brigade has remained stationary, the men being engaged in building huts and otherwise making themselves comfortable.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

August 18. - Moved to the Weldon railroad near Yellow House, six miles from Petersburg, and was engaged 18th, 19th, and 21st. On the 18th the Sixth Wisconsin lost 19 men killed and wounded; the other regiments were not engaged.

August 19. - The brigade, being deployed as pickets and skirmishers, its line extending over a mile, the enemy attacked in the center by column, and the left wing was broken and lost heavily in prisoners. All of the First Battalion New York Sharpshooters, that were present for duty (3 officers and 50 men) were captured; also a detachment of 2 officers and 50 men of the Seventh Indiana. The above detachments were on picket in pits on the extreme left.

August 21. - Mahone's division attacked in force, and the brigade captured about 150 officers and men, including a colonel and lieutenant-colonel.

September 2. - Troops under arms at 5.30 p. m.; nothing done.

September 13. - Four regiments transferred to Third Division.

September 14. - Moved camp to rear of corps headquarters.

September 15. - Moved to works on left of line; returned at 7.30 p. m.

September 16. - Moved to camp vacated by General Baxter's brigade.

September 17. - One hundred and twenty-first and One hundred and forty second Pennsylvania Volunteers reported for duty.

September 19. - Troops under arms at 5.30 a. m.; nothing done.

September 30. - Left camp at 8 a. m.; moved to Pegram's house and formed in line of battle.

