
New York Volunteer Engineers. I have the honor to submit herewith a tracing* showing the details of the line. October 8. The work is well advanced. The infantry parapet is nearly two-thirds completed along the line, from 200 yards to the left of the Battery Numbers 7 to 100 yards to the right of the Kingsland road, near Four-Mile Creek-in all, more than 1,300 yards, exclusive of batteries. The revetment is of rails. Battery Numbers 1 was commenced to day. Battery Numbers 6 is completed for three guns. Battery Numbers 3 has three embrasures and the interior reverting finished, so that it is now ready for guns. Battery Numbers 4 is almost finished. The redoubt on Signal Hill has three faces completed, seven embrasures cut, seven platforms raise, and four guns in position. Abatis has been laid on two fronts, as well as on 150 yards of the main line to the rear. At Cox's Hill 40 engineers and 400 infantry have been worked, under the direction of Captain Suess, First New York Volunteer Engineers, since October 5 on a redoubt to command the river above, and act also as a counter-battery to rebel works across the river. The work on the parapet and revetments will be finished by October 9. An outline+ of the redoubt will be sent with this report. At Dutch Gap engineers have been constructing bomb-proofs for the steam dredge at work there and the steam pump to be used. The excavation will progress rapidly hereafter by means of the dredge, which throws out about 400 cubic feet in twelve hours. The main line of works progresses in strength and protection daily. That portion occupied by the Tenth Army Corps is very weak and not well laid out. It is simply the old rebel line reversed. I have urged a new line, with appropriate works, to protect our right flank and make it secure, but an unwillingness has been manifested to have this carried out for the present. That occupied by the Eighteenth Army Corps, from the left of the Tenth to Cox's Hill, on James River, is secure and in good condition. Fort Harrison has been very much strengthened and closed in rear (our front). Traverses have been erected to protect it from fire in every possible direction. Abatis has been planted around it and the old line destroyed. Redoubts and batteries have been erected along the line from this point to Cox's Hill in the best possible positions to command the ground. Lieutenant W. R. King, U. S. Engineers, has been assigned as chief engineer of the Eighteenth Army Corps.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

First Lieutenant, U. S. Engineers,

Acting Chief Engineer, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina.

Brevet Major-General BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Armies in the Field, City Point, Va.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

October 30, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith my report of engineering operations in this department for the week ending October 15, 1864, with the following tracings,+ to wit:

Numbers 1. Tracing of Union defensive line in front of Eighteenth Army Corps from Fort Brady to Fort Burnham (Battery Harrison).

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

+To appear in the Atlas.

