
Numbers 2. Tracing of Union defensive line in front of Tenth Army Corps from Fort Burnham to right of New Market road.

Numbers 3. Tracing of new line of works at Deep Bottom.

Numbers 4. Tracing of square redoubt at Signal Hill.

Numbers 5. Photographic copy of 100-pounder battery in the defenses of Dutch Gap.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

First Lieutenant, U. S. Engineers,

Acting Chief Engineer, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina.

Bvt. Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Combined Armies, City Point, Va.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

October 25, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of engineering operations in the Army of the James for the week ending October 15, 1864:

Lieutenant W. R. King, chief engineer, Eighteenth Army Corps, reports as follows for the Eighteenth Army Corps' front:

A strong parapet with embrasures for field guns has been built across the gorge of Fort Harrison (now Burnham), and traverses have been thrown up to cover the interior of the same work. The right of the corps having been extended three-fourths of a mile, the parapet on this front has been strengthened. A large redan was built about 500 yards to the right of Fort Harrison, to sweep the space in front and to flank that portion of the line to the right. The left of the corps has been extended one mile, and now rests on the James River at Cox's Hill. The whole length of front now occupied by the Eighteenth Army Corps is nearly three miles and a quarter. On the line running south from Fort Harrison, and at 800 yards apart, are three works now under construction, the first two being large redans for garrisons of from 200 to 250 men each, the third being a square redoubt connected by a strong breast-work with Fort Brady, on Cox's Hill. A square redoubt has been nearly completed where the line of entrenchments crosses the Kirkland [Kingsland] road. Abatis and entanglements of wire have been placed in front of nearly the whole line and works. Two batteries for siege guns (A and B) have been thrown up in front of the line commanding the river, and a third is nearly completed. Labor has been expended in repairing and strengthening the breast-works already built, in leveling portions of the deserted rebel lines, and in slashing timber in range of our works.

On the 11th I withdrew Captain S. C. Eaton, First New York Volunteer Engineers, and his company from the line of works in front of Deep Bottom and placed him in charge of the new line of works on the Tenth Army Corps front, which I laid out on the day previous. Their plan is shown in the accompanying tracing. Work began on the 12th, at 7 a. m.-200 men were employed on the redoubt below Four-Mile Church Branch, on the right of the New Market road, and 1,200 men on the redoubts and entrenchments on the line.

On the 13th the works were nearly two-thirds completed and the rest of the work was performed by regiments completing that portion of the line on their front. Five hundred yards of abatis has been laid in front of the infantry parapet. The new line of works in charge of Captain H. M. Dalrymple, First New York Volunteer Engineers, progressed rapidly during the week. The average details has been 60 en-

