
October 1. - The brigade at daylight occupied the advanced position near the Pegram house, tho which it had been assigned on the night of September 30. Being attacked by the enemy, in obedience to orders retreated to the main lie of the army and was then put into position on the right of General ayres' division, being temporarily attached to it.

October 3. - Rejoined the Third Division and reoccupied the old camps near Yellow House.

October 6. - The brigade moved camp to the right of the division line, near Fort Alexander Hays.

October 27. - Moved with the division to Hatcher's Run and advanced on the left of the run; a slight skirmish with the enemy's skirmishers; moved in retreat during the night, reaching General Griffin's left at daylight.

October 28. - Moved back to the old camp near Fort Alexander Hays.

December 5. - The brigade relieved by First Brigade, First Division, Sixth Army Corps, and moved from camp, massing near Smith's house.

December 6 [7]. - Moved with division at 6 a. m.; moved down the Jerusalem plank road; crossed the Nottoway River, and encamped at Sussex Court-House at 8.30 p. m.

December 7[8]. - Moved at 4.30 o'clock in advance of the expedition; slight skirmish with enemy's cavalry; encamped at 3 p. m. Moved at 6 p. m. and began destruction of Weldon railroad. At 11 p. m. rested for the night.

December 8[9]. - Moved forward at 8 o'clock and continued destruction of railroad near Belfield.

December 10. - Moved at 8 a. m. on return, and at 9 p. m. rested for the night.

December 11. - Moved at 8 a. m., crossing the Nottoway River and resting for the night near

------

Church.

December 12. - Moved at 8 a. m. and reached camp near Smith's house at 4.30 p. m.

December 14. - Moved to camp on Lee's Mill road and commenced the erection of quarters.

Artillery Brigade.

[August.] - Nothing of importance occurred in the command during the early part or middle of the month.

August 18. - The command broke camp near the Avery house and marched to the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad. The command participated in the engagement around the Yellow Tavern, and still [August 31] remains at that place.

[September.] - No movement of importance transpired in the command up to the 30th instant. The attention of battery commanders has been devoted to drilling their men and strengthening their works. Most of the batteries have remained in their old positions of the Weldon railroad.

September 30. - Three batteries, H, D, and B, First New York, accompanied Griffin's and Ayres' divisions to the left, near Poplar Grove Church, and participated in the engagement at that point. The remaining batteries are still in position on the Weldon railroad.

[October.] - Nothing of importance transpired during the first and middle of the month. The command occupied its old position on and near the Weldon and Petersburg Railroad.

