
October 27. - Five batteries - B. Fourts U. S. Artillery; B and H, First New York; E, Massachusetts, and Ninth Massachusetts - accompanied the infantry divisions of the corps to Hatcher's Run. They were not engaged and returned the next day without having fired a shot.

[November.] - The command has occupied the same position as reported last return. The batteries have been engaged in building winter quarters and stables. They at present occupy the following forts and batteries: Battery E, Massachusetts Artillery, Batteries Numbers 24 and 25; Battery B, First Pennsylvania Artillery, Battery Numbers 26 and Fort Howard; Batteries G and D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and Battery E, First New York Artillery, Fort Wadsworth; Battery L, First New York Artillery, Fort Keene; Battery D, First New York Artillery, Fort Urmston; Battery C, First New York Artillery, Fort Conahey; Battery B, First New York Artillery, Forts Clarke and Siebert; Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Fort Dushane; Battery H, First New York Artillery, and Ninth Massachusetts Battery, in reserve.

SIXTH ARMY CORPS.*

December 1. - First Division broke camp near Kernstown; marched to Stephenson's Station and took cars for Washington; arrived there on the 2nd and at once embarked on transports for City Point.

December 4. - Arrived at City Point; proceeded in cars to Parke's Station; from thence marched to the line of works and relieved the Third Division, Fifth Corps. Remained in camp until the 9th instant.

December 9. - The division moved out to Hatcher's Run as a support to a reconnaissance made by General Miles, of the Second Corps.

December 10. - Returned to camp, where they still remain.

December 1 to 9. - Second Division remained near Kernstown; broke camp on the 9th and marched to Stephenson's Station and took cars for Washington.

December 10. - Arrived in washington and embarked on transports for City Point.

December 16. - Arrived in front of Petersburg and encamped.

Third Division remained in camp near Kernstown until the 3rd.

December 3. - Broke camp and marched to Stephenson's Station; took cars for Washington.

December 4. - Arrived in Washington and embarked on transports for City Point.

December 6. - Arrived at City Point; moved to the line of works and relieved part of the Fifth Corps.

December 9. - Made a reconnaissance to the Vaughan road.

December 10. - Returned to camp.

December 11 to 31. - Remained there.

First Brigade, First Division.

December 1. - The brigade broke camp near Winchester, Va., and marched to Stephenson's Station; from thence by rail to Washington and boat to City Point.

December 4. - Arrived at City Point.

December 5. - Left City Point and arrived at its present camp near Petersburg.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General Horatio G. Wright.

---------------

