
Third Brigade, First Division.

December 1. - The brigade left its camp near Kernstown; proceeded by rail from Stephenson's Depot to Washington.

December 2. - Took transports.

December 4. - Shortly after noon reached City Point, where the command was debarked and proceeded by rail to Parke's Station.

December 5. - Relieved the troops of General Baxter's brigade, Crawford's division, Fifth Corps.

December 8[9]. - Moved out to Hatcher's Run, supporting Miles' division, of Second Corps.

December 9[10]. - Returned to old camps. In the evening ordered to the position occupied by some of the troops of General Potter's division.

December 10[11]. - Returned to former position.

First Brigade, Second Division.

December 1. - In camp three miles south of Winchester, Va.

December 9. - Broke camp and marched to Stephenson's Depot.

December 10. - Marched to within two miles south of Charlestown, Va.

December 11. - Marched to Jefferson, Md., via Harper's Ferry.

December 12. - Marched to Monocacy Junction, Md.

December 13. - Took cars for Washington; arrived there at 9 p. m. same day.

December 14. - Embarked on steam-boats for City Point.

December 16. - Debarked; took cars for Patrick's station on the military railroad; arrived there the same night.

December 31. - In camp near Patrick's Station, Va.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

December 9. - Broke camp near Winchester at 5 a. m.; marched to Stephenson's Depot and took cars for Washington.

December 10. - Embarked at 5 p. m. on transports for City Point.

December 12. - Marched for Patrick's station, where we are now encamped.

Third Division.

December 3. - The division broke camp near Kernstown, Va., and marched to Stephenson's Depot;took the cars for Washington.

December 4. - Arrived at Washington and took passage on transports.

December 5 and 6. - Arrived at City Point.

December 7. - Went into camp near Warren's station, Va., occupying the lie of works previously held by the Fifth Army Corps.

December 9. - The division made a reconnaissance to the Vaughan road.

December 10. - The troops returned to camp.

December 11 to 30. - No events of importance transpired.

December 31. - A party of the enemy made an attack on the picket-line of the division about 5 a. m., killing 2 men and capturing 21 men of the Ninth New York Artillery. The division was promptly under arms. The enemy, however, retired in a few moments, and the picket-line resumed its usual position.

