
First Brigade, Third Division.

December 3. - This command left its works near Winchester, Va., and marched to Stephenson's Depot, and there took cars for Washington, D. C.

December 4. - Arrived in Washington at 7 a. m. and embarked on transports, and at 1.30 p. m. left for City Point, Va.

December 5. - Reached City Point at 9.30 a. m. and marched to Parke's Station, and occupied camp left by Fifth Corps, where it is still encamped.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

December 1 and 2. - The brigade was encamped near Kernstown, Va.

December 3. - Broke camp at 8 a. m. and marched with the division to Stephenson's Depot, where the troops were shipped on cars.

December 4. - Arrived in Washington and embarked on transports.

December 5 and 6. - The command reached City Point and were conveyed to the front by cars.

December 7. - Took position near Weldon railroad, occupying a portion of the works previously held by the Fifth Corps.

December 9. - Made a reconnaissance with the division to the Vaughan road.

December 10. - Returned to camp.

December 31. - Enemy made a demonstration on the picket-line in front of this brigade at 6 a. m. After a brisk skirmish the enemy retired to their own line of works. Our loss in the affair was 2 killed and 21 captured.

NINTH ARMY CORPS.*

August 15. - In the evening the First, Second, and Third Divisions moved from their position in the trenches before Petersburg to the left and relieved the Fifth Corps.

August 19. - The First, Second, and Third Divisions moved toward the Weldon railroad to the support of the Fifth Corps, the First and Second Divisions engaging the enemy near Blick's Station and driving him.

August 21[25]. - In the afternoon the Third Division moved to Reams' Station to the support of the Second Corps, which was then engaged with the enemy, but returned during the night. The Fourth Division moved from before Petersburg and took up position on the right of the corps. Since the 21st [25th] the corps has been in position between the Weldon railroad and Jerusalem plank road engaged in throwing up entrenchments and constructing redoubts.

August 27. - The Fourth Division was relieved by the Third Division and placed in reserve.

September 1 to 25. - The First and Second Divisions lay near the Weldon railroad entrenched, connecting with the Second Corps on the right and the Fifth Corps on the left.

September 25. - The Second Division moved to the right, in rear of the Second Corps, as reserve. The First Division, being relieved by the Third Division, moved to the rear and encamped.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General John G. Parke.

---------------

