
From the 2nd to the 6th instant, inclusive, my regiment lay in bivouac within the line of intrenchments. Early on the morning of the 7th the cavalry on the right were driven in and the enemy advanced in force. This brigade was moved at once to a position upon the right in the woods, prolonging the line of earth-works. The main attack was made at this point by the enemy, who came down in force,m but were easily repulsed, leaving some of their dead and wounded within fifty yards of our lines. During this affair my men behaved very well, standing up in an unbroken line and delivering a steady and regular fire. At a later hour orders were received to advance in line of battle. We moved through the woods and over an open country before us for more than half a mile. My own regiment and the Seventh Connecticut were detached and placed under my command. In obedience to orders received from General Terry, commanding division, I advanced in the same direction to support the First Brigade, which was moving out to the Darbytown road. At about 9 in the evening I received orders to withdraw, and marched back to the line where we had repulsed the enemy in the morning, and bivouacked for the night. From the 8th to the 12th my regiment was engaged in building a strong breast-work in our front with abatis in front. The losses in the several engagements have already been reported in full.

The officers and men in general behaved on all these occasions with courage, but it is difficult to single out by name among so many who did well.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED P. ROCKWELL,

Colonel Sixth Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant F. DAVIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 269. Report of Captain John Thompson, Seventh Connecticut Infantry, of operations August 13-16.

CAMP OF THE SEVENTH Regiment CONNECTICUT VOLS.,

Bermuda Hundred, Va., August 23, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers in the late movement on the north side of the James River:

The regiment left camp about 11 o'clock on the night of the 13th of August, under the command of Captain Theodore bacon, and was assigned to position of left center of the four regiments comprising the Second Brigade. Captain Bacon wa taken sick on the night of the 15th, thus leaving me in command of the regiment. The following officers were present for duty, viz: Surg. George C. Jarvis, Asst. Surg. E. C. Hine, Lieutenant J. I. Hutchinson, acting adjutant; Lieutenant William H. Augur, acting regimental quartermaster; Captains Bacon, Thompson, and Perry; Lieutenants Wildman, Barker, Young, Bradford, Merriam, Lee, and Taintor; Lieutenants Hicks and Baldwin remaining in camp sick. I have to report that the regiment proceeded with the rest of the brigade across the James River and to a position about a mile and a half from the river, where we lay concealed in the woods until daylight

