
September 30. - In the morning a movement was made to the left and west of Weldon railroad; the First and Second Divisions of the corps marched to left of Fifth Corps, and engaged the enemy at Pegram's farm without decisive result. At night these troops were retired to line of works near Peebles' house, captured by Fifth Corps in the early part of the day; the Third Division meanwhile remaining on the old line, holding it from Fort Davis to near Weldon railroad.

October 1. - The First and Second Divisions withdrew during the night of September 30 from Pegram's house to the vicinity of the Peebles house and threw up temporary breast-works; Third Division moved from near Jones' house to the Aiken house.

October 2. - Advanced as far as Pegram's house with General Mott's division, of the Second Corps, on the left.

October 5. - The Third Division moved from the Aiken house and took up a position extending from Fort Cummings to near Fort Dushane, relieving Mott's division, Second Corps, which was then ordered to rejoin the second Corps. The First and Second Divisions took up a position, extending from Fort Fisher, on the right, to the Squirrel Level road, on the left.

Troops were engaged during the month in throwing up breast-works and constructing redoubts until the morning of the 27th, when the corps broke camp and moved to the left toward Boydton plank road, in conjunction with the Second and Fifth Corps. Found the enemy in force behind his works near the Clements house. Connection was made on the left of corps with the Fifth Corps, and temporary breast-works were thrown up; skirmished with the enemy until the 28th, when the corps resumed its former position.

[November.] - The First and Second Divisions of this corps remained in the position occupied on the 31st ultimo until the morning of the 29th instant, when, in pursuance of orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, these two divisions moved to the extreme right of the army, relieving the Second Corps, the First Division occupying the right from the Appomattox to Norfolk railroad, and the Second Division from Norfolk railroad to Battery Numbers 24, connecting with the right of Fifth Corps at that point.

November 18. - Two regiments of colored troops (Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first) were ordered to report to General Graham, at Point of Rocks.

November 26. - The remainder of the Third Division (colored troops) were ordered to the Army of the James, pursuant to orders from army headquarters. The Two hundred and seventh and Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers reported to this corps.

November 28. - The Two hundred and fifth, Two hundred and eighth, and Two hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers reported in pursuance of orders from Headquarters Armies of the United States. The Pennsylvania regiments were formed into a Provisional Brigade by Special Orders, Numbers 241, paragraph VI, headquarters Ninth Army Corps.

November 30. - The Provisional Brigade moved from vicinity of Peebles' house to rear of this corps, and are held in reserve.

[December.] - The troops of this corps remained in position occupied on November 30 until the 9th.

December 9. - The late Provisional Brigade and portions of the First and Second Divisions moved about twenty miles to the left, in support of troops of the Fifth and Second Corps, engaged in destroying Weldon railroad.

