
about 400 yards and ordered to lie down in line of battle. Colonel hawley informed his whole brigade that a brigade in front of us were to charge the enemy's works and cautioned the whole command to remain firm, and in case the leading brigade were repulsed to allow them to pass over us to the rear, and then to hold our position at all hazards. The brigade in front of us then rose up and rushed forward through the woods toward the enemy's works, when a galling fire of musketry greeted us from the enemy. When they had proceeded about fifty yards I heard Colonel Hawley give the command "Forward, Second Brigade," when my regiment rose up instantly and rushed forward at a double-quick, cheering loudly, and following the leading brigade in as good line of battle as the dense woods and the nature of the ground generally would permit. On arriving within fifty yards of the works we came upon a slashing of fallen tree s very difficult to pass, but through it we went with a will, and over their works, driving the enemy before us. On crossing the enemy's works, without halting I moved the regiment by the left flank to avoid a dense thicket of young trees, in order to reach an open field about 100 yards to the left. We then formed in line of battle and moved forward across an open field about 400 yards and halted in the edge of a piece of woods, in order to guard against the approach of the enemy on our right flank. Other regiments coming up to our support, a severe and general engagement with the enemy ensued.

During the engagement I perceived the enemy coming down through the woods on my right flank. I changed my line of battle, accordingly, so as to front the enemy, and opened upon them vigorously with the Spencer carbine and soon succeeded in driving them from before us. I soon after received orders from Colonel Hawley to fall back to the enemy's works which we had passed over; here I formed the regiment in line of battle fronting the enemy. I then received orders from General Terry to march my regiment to the rear, our ammunition being very nearly exhausted. Of the six officers who were engaged in battle four were either killed our wound, and myself being very unwell from the effects of sunstroke a few days previous, turned over the command to Lieutenant Taintor, the only remaining officer. Of every officer and enlisted man who participated in this engagement, I can only speak in terms of the most unqualified praise. Every order was promptly, cheerfully, and fearlessly obeyed, and I could neither ak nor expect more of them. Lieutenant Hutchinson was wounded and disabled during the assault on the enemy's works while gallantly performing his duty, and compelled to retire. Lieutenant Merriam had been wounded in the engagement of the 14th, but had resumed his command, and was again wounded while nobly discharging his duty, and too much praise cannot be awarded him. Lieutenants Barker and Lee, I regret to say, were wounded in the latter part of the engagement (supposed mortally) and of necessity were left on the field to fall into the enemy's hands. They displayed great coolness and courage throughout the entire engagement. Surg. G. C. Jarvis and Asst. Surg. E. C. Hine were deserving of great praise for their efficient and untiring efforts in caring for the wounded of the command.

The men displayed unusual zeal and bravery during the whole engagement, and where al who were with me have done so well it is difficult to mention any particular individuals as worthy of most praise. I will take the liberty, however, to give the names of Sergt. W. W. Plumb, acting sergeant-major; Sergeant Cook, Company E; Sergt. H. H. Smith, Company C; Sergt. B. Starr, Company B; Sergeant Shailer,

