
Company I; Sergeant Whaples, Company B; Sergt. Willard Austin, Company G; Sergeant Cook, Company A, and Corporal Clark, Company F.

I append an entire list of casualties from the 14th to the 16th, inclusive: Killed, 7; wounded, 31; missing, 7; total, 45.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN THOMPSON,

Captain, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 10th Army Corps.

Numbers 270. Reports of Captain Seager S. Atwell, Seventh Connecticut Infantry, of operations August 17-21, September 28-October 7, October 13 and 27-28.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Bermuda Hundred, Va., August 23, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that I relieved Captain Perry of the command of the regiment, then in the intrenchments near Deep Run, Va., on the 17th instant, where we remained until about 7 o'clock the evening of the 18th, when in obedience to orders the regiment moved to the right, advancing but a few hundred yards, when the order was given to return to our former position at the works, as the enemy were advancing upon them, which we reached just as our pickets were driven in. Soon after the enemy made their appearance near the right of the regiment and were opened upon quite furiously for a few seconds. The firing soon ceasing, the pickets were again established on our front. About 11 p. m. we again received orders to move, and about 2 in the morning of the 19th halted on Long Bridge road, where we remained until 8 p. m. the 20th, when the regiment moved to the rear, reaching the bridge over the James about 11 o'clock which we crossed, and continuing our march, arrived in camp about 2 the morning of the 21st, greatly fatigued and well tired out by the incessant duties of the week.

Only one casualty occurred in the regiment during the time i have been in command, viz, Private Stephen H. Greene, Company K, wounded the 18th while on the picket-line.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ATWELL,

Captain, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brig,. 1st Div., 10th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Laurel Hill, Va., October 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers in the recent engagements of September 29, October 1, and October 7:

The regiment left camp before Petersburg on the afternoon of the 28th of September, with the rest of the Second Brigade, and bivouacked at Deep Bottom at about 2 a. m. of the 29th. At daybreak the regi-

