HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Near Richmond, Va., October 14, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the action of October 13:

The regiment was formed at 4 a. m., and we took up our line of march through our works, and in the direction of the Darbytown road and toward Richmond, in connection with the rest of the brigade, my position being on the right. After marching about one mile and a half we were halted, and I received orders from General Hawley to deploy my regiment as skirmishers so as to cover the front of the brigade. The regiment numbered 13 commissioned officers and about 175 enlisted men. Companies A and F were held as the right reserve, under command of Captain Townsend, and Companies D and I as the left reserve, under command of Captain Perry. Shortly after sunrise I received orders to advance my regiment. I was obliged to move slowly and cautiously on account of the thick undergrowth of trees in the woods through which we passed. After advancing about 500 yards we received a few shots from the enemy's pickets, but they soon retired when our fire was delivered at them, and we were ordered to advance, which we did until it was very evident that we were very near the enemy's works, as their tones of command could be heard distinctly. I soon received orders to move forward and feel of the enemy and ascertain their force if possible. We were soon met by a most terrific volley of musketry, which showed plainly that the enemy were in line of battle behind their works. The most of our line stood firm, seeking such cover as the trees and ground would afford, but the right fell back a few rods, owing to a misunderstanding of the orders. They were soon rallied, and our line established again. We lay in this position until about noon, when I was ordered to advance my line to the slashing, which was about forty yards in front of us, and to open a vigorous fire upon the enemy, whenever we heard the charge which the First Brigade were preparing to make. I accordingly advanced the line, but as it gave the enemy a good view of us, they opened another terrific fire of musketry and canister, and our line was compelled to fall back about seventy-five yards, and was very soon after re-established in our former position, where we lay until near night-fall, when we received orders to fall back and join the brigade, when we were marched back to camp again, arriving in camp at about 6 p. m.

My loss in the day's engagement is 5 killed, 27 wounded, and 1 missing. I append a list of casualties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ATWELL,

Captain, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 10th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Near Richmond, Va., October 31, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers in the late reconnaissance of October 27 and 28:

The regiment left camp near Spring Hill at 4.30 o'clock on the morning of the 27th instant, with one acting adjutant, two line officers, and

