
150 men, and proceeded with the brigade of which we form a part to within a short distance of the enemy's works near the Darbytown road. I was then ordered to deploy my regiment as skirmishers, which was done, the left wing doing the skirmishing, and the right wing acting as reserve for the same. I established the skirmish line near the enemy's works at 10 a. m. the 27th, when I was ordered to advance upon the enemy and feel of their works. I immediately moved my regiment forward, advancing some 300 yards, when we encountered the enemy's skirmishers and drove them behind their works. Here we remained until 11 a. m. the following day, when I received orders to fall back, which was done to the satisfaction of all concerned. I then marched the regiment off the field in the rear of the brigade, which we joined near the Darbytown road, when we received orders to march to camp, where we arrived at 4 p. m. the 28th instant.

Second Lieutenant Morton A. Taintor was shot through the bowels, on the 27th, while gallantly performing hid duty, living only an hour. In his death the Government loses a brave defender and his regiment a good soldier.

Our loss in killed was 1; wounded, 4; total 5.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ATWELL,

Captain, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant FERDINAND DAVIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div,. 10th Army Corps.

Numbers 271. Reports of Major Frederick W. Prince, Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations September 28-October 13 and October 27-28.

HDQRS. DETACH. SIXTEENTH NEW YORK HEAVY ARTY.

Before Richmond, Va., October 12, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with instructions I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by the detachment of the Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery, under my command, attached to Second Brigade (Colonel J. C. Abbott, Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, commanding), First Division, Tenth Army Corps, since leaving camp near Petersburg, embracing the period from September 28 to October 12:

The detachment formed in brigade column at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of September 28 in heavy marching order, and moved about 4 p. m. We arrived at Deep Bottom about 1.30 a. m. September 29. Here we bivouacked until 4 a. m., when we left our knapsacks, &amp;c., and, in light order, fell into column. About 6 a. m. the skirmishers in the advance became engaged, and shortly after our brigade was ordered into line of battle. We formed and advanced through a light piece of woods and entered a thicket which bordered a ravine. We were ordered into the ravine and then halted, exposed to a raking fire of shell and case-shot from a battery of the enemy on our right, who had excellent range. By covering close we sheltered ourselves so that our loss was slight, only two being wounded. We were soon ordered to advance and support the skirmishers of our brigade, who were pressing the enemy in their intrenchments in front. We halted in the underbrush on the edge of the open field, across which we were to charge on the rebel line. A

