
Second Division as they advanced in front in pursuit of the enemy some mile and a half, but no further fighting took place and we returned to camp about 10 p. m. on the field we had held in the morning.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDK. W. PRINCE,

Major, Commanding Detach. Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACH. 16TH NEW YORK VOL. HEAVY ARTY.,Before Richmond, Va., October 15, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with instructions received from the brigadier-general commanding, I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by my command, attached to General Hawley's (Second) brigade, First Division, Tenth Army Corps, in the movement of the 13th instant:

On the morning of the 13th instant we formed in position in brigade column and marched at 4 o'clock toward the Darbytown road. On arriving there we moved to the left and front and formed line of battle perpendicular to and our left resting on a road that runs parallel with it. The skirmishers of our brigade found the enemy strongly intrenched, with artillery commanding the road and our front, and also on our left works which enfiladed our line. We were instructed to hold our position in case of an attack, and to advance if the enemy showed signs of weakness on being strongly pressed by our skirmishers. Several advances were made by the skirmish line, but the enemy were evidently in great force and opened a galling fire, both artillery and musketry, at each attack of this kind. I had to shelter my men by ordering them to lie down; otherwise the fire would have been very destructive. Our loss during the day while in this position until about 4.30 o'clock, when we were ordered to retire in line of battle, which we did, and arrived in camp without further action about 5.30 p. m.

Again I have to mention the excellent behavior of my men and officers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDK. W. PRINCE,

Major, Commanding Detach. Sixteenth New York Vol. Heavy Artillery,

Lieutenant FERDINAND DAVIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACH. 16TH NEW YORK VOL. HEAVY ARTY.,Before Richmond, Va., October 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the detachment of Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery, under my command, in the movements of October 27 and 28, attached to Second Brigade, First Division, Tenth Army Corps:

The detachment fell into line at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 27th, and, with the brigade, marched in the direction of the enemy's works on the right of the Darbytown road. Our skirmishers soon found the enemy in force behind their works, and on moving to the right still

