
farther we found them still in force. We were moved to the right and front in line of battle into a dense piece of woods, through which we marched till near the edge of the slashing in front of the enemy. We then halted in reserve for a support to the skirmish line, which was constantly engaged with the enemy behind his works. In this position we passed the night of the 27th during a heavy rain, and remained till the afternoon of the 28th, when we were ordered back and returned to our camp within our works.

The casualties during the two days' operations were 1 man wounded and 1 man killed; total, 2.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDK. W. PRINCE,

Major, Commanding Detach, Sixteenth New York Vol. Heavy Artillery.

Lieutenant FERDINAND DAVIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 10th Army Corps.

Numbers 272. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James F. Randlett, Third New Hampshire Infantry, of operations August 14-17, September 29, and October 1, 7, 13, and 27-28.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,September 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions received this date from the brevet major-general commanding the division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in operations north of James River, from August 14 to 17, 1864:

The regiment moved with column Second Brigade, First Division, Tenth Army Corps, at midnight August 13; crossed the James about daylight 14th; participated in reconnaissance of that date. On morning of 15th recrossed the river to Jones' Landing in column, which again crossed below Deep Bottom. Marched to Deep Run on 16th; about m. charged with Second Brigade, First Division, the enemy's works at Fussell's Mill, carrying his line, capturing a large number of prisoners. Advanced by order of Colonel J. R. Hawley, commanding brigade, about 300 yards beyond the captured line. There met the enemy in force; made another desperate charge through open field under galling fire from the enemy toward another angle of same line as mentioned as taken. At this moment it was discovered as impracticable to advance on account of the force of the enemy and his secure position. As retreat was ordered the command fell back to that portion of the line first taken. The enemy pursued and made three successive attempts to dislodge it, but were handsomely repulsed. After holding this position for more than an hour, orders were received to move to the rear. This ended the engagement.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing, including 1 officer killed and 9 wounded, was 93.

Lieutenant Colonel Josiah I. Plimpton, commanding regiment, fell in the open field in the advanced position at the moment orders were received to fall back. He was shot through the heart, and expired instantly while actively engaged in moving his command in order.

