
December 11. - Troops returned and resumed their respective positions.

December 15. - The late Provisional Brigade was organized into two brigades, and designated Third Division, as per paragraph V, Special Orders, Numbers 256, from headquarters Ninth Army Corps.

From the 15th to 31st nothing of importance occurred along the lines of this corps, and the troops remained in position occupied at date of last report.

First Division.

August 1. - In the trenches before Petersburg, Va., on the right of the Ninth army Corps.

August 6. - Brigadier-General Ledlie went north on a twenty days' sick leave, Brigadier General Julius White, assigned to the command of the division, relieving him. Captain D. R. Boice, acting aide-de-camp, First Lieutenant G. M. Randall and First Lieutenant William H. Powell, aides-de-camp, relieved.

August 14. - Moved to the extreme left of the army, relieving Third Division, Fifth Army Corps. The troops placed on a picket-line of some two miles and a half in extent. Remained in this position until August 19.

August 18. - Severe cannonade of two hours' duration, beginning about 2 a. m., causing some casualties. Seventeen officers and 126 men of the Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers went to Washington for muster out, their term of service having expired. Captain S. Hovey, jr., division inspector; Captain E. R. Lewis, acting ordnance officer, and Captain G. C. Parker, provost-marshal, all of whom belonged to the above regiment, relieved from duty at these headquarters. In consequence, Captain E. E. Howe, Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, and Captain W. N. Meserve, Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, detailed inn place of latter officers, respectively; Second Lieutenant Greene Smith, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery, detailed as acting aide-de-camp.

August 19. - The division was relieved by brigade of the Third Division, Second Army Corps, and at 3 p. m. started for the Weldon railroad, under orders to report to Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Army Corps. When within half a mile of his position heard heavy firing; moved on at the double-quick; formed line on the right of the Third Division, Ninth Army Corps; advanced, and after half an hour's fighting drove the enemy from our front, leaving his killed, wounded, and many small-arms.

August 20. - Took up position more to the rear and entrenched. Remained in this position until the 25th, when we were relieved by the Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, and remained ready to march to the assistance of the Second Corps, engaged near Reams' Station, Va., but received no orders to march.

August 27. - Went into position farther to the right, relieving part of the Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps, where the troops now remain.

August 28. - Brigadier-General White went away on the days' sick leave. Brigadier-General Hartranft assigned to the command of the division, bringing with him Lieutenant Watts, aide-de-camp.

August 30. - The Provisional Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery was ordered to report to the commanding officer Eighteenth Army Corps. The Twenty-seventh New York Battery transferred to the Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps. The Second Maine and Fourteenth Massachusetts Batteries transferred to the Artillery Reserve.

