
Captain Atwell and his command (Seventh Connecticut Volunteers) for the cheerful and gallant manner in which they obeyed my orders as I am positive that had the enemy discovered my real force, or seen the least spirit other than determined bravery, they would not have given us the position. Occupying this position half an hour I received orders to rejoin the brigade.

Afternoon of same day marched with First Division on reconnaissance to within two miles of city of Richmond. Returned to our intrenched lines same evening.

During the day the officers and men of my command behaved in a manner creditable to themselves and to my perfect gratification.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. RANDLETT,

Major Third New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 10th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Laurel Hill, before Richmond, Va., October 15, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of part taken by my command in reconnaissance of First Division, Tenth Army Corps, before Richmond, on the 1st day of October, 1864:

Left intrenched position at 9.30 a. m., marched up Darbytown road to junction of Richmond Central road; after proceeding about one mile and three-quarters on this road, where my regiment was deployed as skirmishers, with Sixth and Seventh Connecticut and Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, under Colonel Rockwell, of Sixth Connecticut Volunteers; advanced to within sight of rebel capital; met no infantry opposition to within 700 yards of its fortifications. The artillery fire was very heavy from every point of enemy's front. Losses of command: Wounded, 1; missing, 1; total, 2. In this day's duty the regiment was under command of Lieutenant J. Homer Edgerly, whose conduct was reported by all to have been extremely praiseworthy. The command returned to our intrenchments at about 10 p. m.

I was absent from my command as division officer of day, and by order of Major General D. B. Birney, corps commander, accompanied Tenth Connecticut Volunteers in a movement to left of division column to diver enemy's attention, which was very successful.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. RANDLETT,

Major Third New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., Tenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Laurel Hill, before Richmond, Va., October 16, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the action of October 7, 1864:

Broke camp within intrenched line, Laurel Hill, about 8.30 a. m.; moved toward right of our line in column of Second Brigade, First Division, Tenth Army Corps; formed part of line of battle with that brigade on New Market road. Here learned the enemy were advancing, driving

