
right connecting with skirmishers of Third (Colonel Plaisted's) Brigade Met the enemy's skirmishers in rifle-pits before his works. Succeeded in driving them from their position to behind their main line of water defenses of Richmond. My loss in this operation was 3 killed and 3 severely wounded. At 10 o'clock received orders to move to the right of division line, the division being right of Tenth Corps. Moved to this position by facing my line by right flank and passing in rear of skirmishers of First and Third Brigades. There I was re-enforced by Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Captain Atwell commanding. In my new line the left of Seventh Connecticut Volunteers connected with right of Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers from First Brigade, the right of the Third New Hampshire resting on Charles City road. Received orders to advance toward enemy's works and ascertain his force and position. Assured that the line in advance of First Brigade would moved forward at same time, I advanced through woods about 100 yards; came to an opening. In attempting to cross the corn-field I found the enemy posted the same as I had encountered him on the left-in pits. The skirmishers of First Brigade failed to advance, and consequently a terrific fire from the enemy in our front and on the left flank made it impossible for us to advance more than 100 yards into the field without great sacrifice of men. My command laid down, holding every pace of ground over which we had advanced. I then attempted to have the First Brigade line advanced, but to no purpose. Finding it impracticable to advance the left of our line for the reason that there were none to engage the enemy who gave us such heavy flank fire, I extended, with my reserve, my lines farther to the right of Charles City road, drove the enemy's skirmishers in the woods from my front, and succeeded in gaining a position where my fire flanked his pits and drove all before my regiment to behind his works, thus gaining a fine view of the Charles City road and the line of works generally. During this advance a continual artillery and infantry fire played upon us, whose effect ceased as soon as his skirmishers were driven in. The distance was so short from the pits that their aim was almost certain, and although but 8 men were hit by the enemy's fire, 4 were killed instantly.

I have to regret the loss of one valuable solider on the morning of the 28th, shot by our cavalry who fell back the evening previous, and in their advance in the morning new men did not know our position. My total loss, 7 killed, 8 severely wounded.

At 2 p. m. 28th I received orders to assemble my command and join brigade on Darbytown road, having been on skirmish line thirty-two hours.

Of the conduct of the officers and men of my command I feel I am justly proud. Each officer did his whole duty, each enlisted man stood nobly by his comrade, and although the night was cold and rainy, not a grumble nor complaint at hardship or suffering was heard. My wounded were safely brought in, my dead carefully buried.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. RANDLETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third New Hampshire Volunteers.

Lieutenant FERDINAND DAVIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 10th Army Corps.

