
some slight fire from the right. Two distinct charges were also made by the enemy in my front, which were handsomely repulsed. At length, finding the extreme left of the line giving way, and myself the ranking officer on the line, I became solicitous for orders. Accordingly, I passed a short distance to the left, then through the slashing to the rear, with the design of finding either General Terry or General Birney. Not succeeding, I was returning by the same path when I found that the enemy were already occupying that portion of the intrenchments. Making a detour to the right, I reached the slashing, where, finding an aide of Colonel Hawley, I sent the order for the line to retire. Thus my regiment was one of the very last to retire from the line of rebel works. While at these works Lieutenant-Colonel Henderson fell, having been struck near the hip by a rifle-ball. He died in about four hors. He was a most valuable and useful officer and fell in the faithful performance of his duty. The regiment retired across the ravines, and with Hawley's brigade reformed near the intrenchment which they occupied on the night of the 15th. Thence advancing again across one ravine in the direction of the enemy's works, my regiment took position, erected intrenchments, and remained until about 11 p. m. of the 18th. During this time it did its share of picket and fatigue duty and in repelling the attack made by the enemy on the works about dark of the 18th.

Withdrawing from this position as above stated, i took position with Hawley's brigade, about two miles to the southeast on the Chickahominy road, where I remained until 5 p. m. of Saturday, the 20th. Having been detailed as corps officer of the day, I again marched to the point near where I rested on the night of the 15th, where my regiment was placed on picket, and, in connection with the Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers and One hundred and fifteenth New york Volunteers, held the front of the Tenth Corps. At 10 p. m., by order of Major-General birney, I withdrew the picket, reformed the regiments, with my regiment in the rear covered by a detachment of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, retired to the lower pontoon bridge, and crossed it. Making a halt near Jones' Landing until daylight, I reached my former camp at Bermuda Hundred early on Sunday morning, the 21st.

It is gratifying to be able to speak in terms of commendation, both of officers and men, during this brief period of somewhat severe service. Upon the whole I do not know that any regiment could by expected to perform its duties more faithfully or with more alacrity under like circumstances.

My loss during this movement (a list of which is hereto appended) was as follows: Killed, 1 officer and 2 men; wounded and missing, 13 men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Colonel Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Laurel Hill, Va., October 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part-taken by my regiment in the movement of the 13th instant:

My regiment was in line and reported to Brigadier-General Hawley, commanding Second Brigade, at 4 a. m. By his order I moved by the

