
right flank to the sally-port on the right of the Third Brigade, and thence to the old rebel earth-works on the Darbytown, or Central, road. The brigade was then formed in two lines at right angles with, and on the north side of, the road, my regiment being in the second line and in double column in mass. Still in this order and relative position, and with little delay, I advanced 300 or 400 yards into the woods, my left resting near the north side of the above-named road, when a halt was ordered. In this position I remained until about 3.30 p. m., during which time the skirmish line was developing, and the First Brigade attempted to force the enemy's line, when I received orders from Brigadier-General Hawley to retire. I then retired to a line about 300 yards in front of the old rebel earth-works, and thence by order of General Hawley, moved with the brigade to the intrenchments from which I marched, arriving at sunset. While at a halt in the woods the fire of the enemy, which reached me, was at times considerable, but fortunately only two of my men were struck at all, and they so little injured as not to have been reported in the list of casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Colonel Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 274. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Augustus W. Rollins, Seventh New Hampshire Infantry, of operations September 28-October 7.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Laurel Hill, Va., October 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers in the recent actions north of the James River:

Striking camp, near Pitkin's Station, at 3 p. m. on the 28th ultimo, the regiment marched to Deep Bottom, halting inside the fortifications at 2 a. m. of the 29th. Moving out at daylight on the New Market road, the regiment occupying the left of the Second Brigade, Terry's division, line of battle was formed, and the troops advanced upon the enemy's works at New Market Heights, which offered but slight resistance, their artillery being withdrawn as the skirmishers advanced. One man alone was wounded, while the regiment was crossing a ravine and brook. Marching on toward Richmond we halted during the forenoon just outside the enemy's second line, then abandoned by them, near Laurel Hill. At about 3 p. m. we were marched up the Darbytown road to within about three miles of the city of Richmond, returning during the evening to the vicinity of Laurel Hill. The next day the regiment was moved about half a mile to the left, immediately outside the enemy's abandoned line, which had been temporarily altered and reversed. On the 1st of October the regiment took part in a reconnaissance toward Richmond, and being deployed as skirmishers advanced under a sharp artillery fire to within about one mile and a half of the city, and within a few hundred yards of its defenses, where we

