
halted in a position screened by the woods and rising ground until ordered to fall back. We marched back inside the breast-works that night. The loss that day was 6 wounded and 11 missing. Nothing further of moment occurred until October 7, when, the enemy being reported as driving in the cavalry on the right, the brigade was moved to a point just beyond the fortified line, its left connecting with them. The enemy opened briskly with artillery and musketry, which did but little injury in the regiment, passing over the breast-works to the left. Toward noon a line of battle advanced rapidly against us, but the fire of our line was so destructive as to stop them almost immediately after it was opened. Many of the enemy came in and surrendered in preference to retreating. My horse being shot under me injured my foot and leg in falling in such a manner as to oblige me to go to the rear, and the regiment remained under the command of the senior captain. The casualties during the engagement were 3 killed, 15 wounded. During the afternoon the regiment was moved out to the front about a mile, but being a part of the reserve did not again encounter the enemy. It returned during the night to the position at which it had fought, and still remains there intrenching.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. ROLLINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 275. Report of Brigadier General Robert S. Foster, U. S. Army commanding Third Brigade, of operations August 14-21.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Deep Bottom, Va., August 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from the 14th to the 21st of August, inclusive:

At 3.25 a. m. August 14 I received an order from Brigadier-General Terry to advance with my brigade and engage the enemy on the right of my position at Deep Bottom. The regiments in camp were immediately formed, and those on picket ordered in, and at 5.10 a. m. I met the enemy, having the Eleventh Maine, One hundredth New York, Tenth Connecticut, and First Maryland [Cavalry (dismounted)] in line of battle, preceded by a heavy skirmish line, and the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts in column of division in support, driving them into their rifle-pits. At 7.15 a. m. I ordered a charge,which was gallantly made, at 7.35, by the twenty-fourth Massachusetts,in column of division, supported by the other regiments of my command, and the Sixth Connecticut, Colonel Rockwell (who had been temporarily assigned to my command), in support, driving the enemy out of three lines of rifle-pits and into the main line of intrenchments, across a deep ravine, with considerable loss capturing about 100 prisoners, their dead and wounded, and 200 small-arms. Skirmishing continued from this time until 3 p. m., when by direction of Brigadier-General Terry, I ordered Colonel G. B. Dandy,

