
with the One hundredth New York, supported by the Sixth Connecticut, Colonel Rockwell, to move to the right, and, if possible, connect with the Second Corps on the lower bank of Four-Mile Creek. The regiments moved across the field in line of battle under a very heavy fire of artillery, capturing four 8-inch siege howitzers, and forming the desired connection with the Second Corps. Colonel Dandy was subsequently re-enforced by Lieutenant-Colonel Coan's brigade, of the Second Division, Tenth Army Corps, and remained in position until the morning of the 15th. (For details see report of Colonel G. B. Dandy, One hundredth New York, accompanying. At 10 p. m. the brigade moved to the right across Four-Mile Creek and formed en masse on Strawberry Plains, where they rested during the night. On the morning of the 15th we moved to the right across the Long Bridge road to an open field, where we remained, formed ene masse, until the morning of the 16th, when at daylight the command moved to the right and was ordered to support Colonel Hawley's brigade, but subsequently was ordered to engage the enemy on the right of Colonel Hawley's brigade in the woods. The Tenth Connecticut, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, and the Eleventh Maine were placed in the front, preceded by a heavy skirmish line, with the One hundredth new York and First Maryland Cavalry as supports, and in this position advanced through the woods, crossing two almost impassable ravines, and driving the enemy from two lines of rifle-pits, capturing over 100 prisoners. In this advance my right was protected handsomely by Colonel Craig's brigade of the Second Corps. After reforming, t 1.40 p. m. a charge was ordered on the enemy's line of works, situated on the opposite bank of a deep ravine, which was made by my brigade in line and Colonel Hawley's and Colonel pond's brigades en masse on my right. The enemy's line was gained and held for one hour and forty minutes,under a very heavy flank and front fire of musketry and artillery, when the re-enforcements which had been sent for not arriving, and my left flank being partially turned and the line on my right pierced, I fell back across the ravine and reformed in line about 200 yards from the enemy's works. Colonel Broady's brigade of the Second Corps soon after reported to me, and by mi direction formed in line on my right. About dark a line of intrenchments was commenced and thrown up in front of the line of the enemy's second line of rifle-pits, to which we retired about midnight.

On the 17th and during the day of the 18th we remained in this line of intrenchments, nothing occurring excepting picket-firing until about 6.30 p. m. on the 18th, when the enemy advanced in considerable force and drove in my pickets, but were easily repulsed by my main line. About 9 p. m. on the 18th, by orders from Brigadier-General Terry, I withdrew my command, retiring to the Long Bridge road, up which we advanced some two miles, forming in column of battalion on the right of Colonel Hawley's brigade. I remained in this position until the 20th, when at dark I retired (following the artillery) to Strawberry Plains occupying the works at that place until the crossing of all the troops on the morning of the 21st, when I returned to camp at Deep Bottom.

I desire to bear testimony to the gallant conduct of the troops comprising my command, who with few exceptions, on every occasion conducted themselves most gallantly, obeying all orders coolly and promptly charging when ordered with impetuosity, and remaining well in hand throughout all operations. Captains Maker (who was forced by sickness to retire on the night of the 14th) and Gardner, of the Twenty-

