
September 1 to 25. - In line near the same position taken on August 27, connecting with the Second Corps at Fort Hays on the right, and with Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, on the left. Fortifications and several redoubts were thrown up, much slashing done, and two lines of abatis constructed. The line held by this division was about 2,200 yards long.

September 25. - Troops relieved in the line by Third Division (colored troops).

September 29. - Moved to the vicinity of the Gurley house and bivouacked for the night.

September 30. - Marched to vicinity of Peebles' house, following Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, and took position in line of battle. Moved farther north to the Pegram house in the afternoon, and was engaged with the enemy near the latter place. Loss in killed, wounded, and missing 345. The Third Brigade assigned to this division from old First Division, Ninth Army Corps, September 1, 1864, by paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 160, Ninth Army Corps. Designation of the division changed from Third to First, September 13, 1864, by General Orders, Numbers 39, headquarters Ninth Army Corps.

October 1. - During the night of September 30 withdrew from the Pegram house to the vicinity of the Peebles house, where temporary breast-works were thrown up.

October 2. - The division advanced in line of battle northward, connecting with Potter's (Second) division, Ninth Army Corps, on the right, and Mott's division, Second Army Corps, on the left, as far as the Pegram house, the right resting in the field in front of the Pegram house and extending westward. Here we skirmished with the enemy until nearly sunset, when the left of the line was withdrawn, forming nearly a right angle with Potter's division at the Pegram house, and extending to the old line of the enemy's rifle-pits near the Peebles house. Here a strong line of works was thrown up and a large amount of slashing done.

October 8. - This division made a reconnaissance to the left, in the vicinity of the Smith house, Hawks house, and Walker house. From this date to the 26th we strengthened our line connecting with the Third Division (colored) on the left, built redoubts, constructed abatis, and continued slashing of timber in our front.

October 27. - This division moved out to the left on a reconnaissance to beyond the Clements house, when we came up to the enemy's works. Here we halted, formed connection with Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, on the right, and Fifth Corps, on the left; threw up temporary breast-works, and remained skirmishing with the enemy until the 28th, when we withdrew to our old position, where we are now encamped. The loss in killed and wounded on the 27th and 28th was 64.

November 1 to 29. - The division occupied the line on the left of the army between the Pegram house and the Cummings house.

November 29. - In accordance with orders from headquarters army of the Potomac, the division, being relieved by Miles' division, Second Corps, moved to the extreme right of the army, and in the evening relieved the Second Division, second Corps, on the line. No other events of importance occurred during the month.

December 9. - In obedience to orders the Third Maryland, Fifty-seventh Massachusetts, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin, One hundred and ninth New York, and Sixtieth Ohio were temporarily detached from the division, forming a Provisional Brigade, under command of Bvt. Colonel G. P. Robinson, Third Maryland, with orders to report to Brigadier General Robert B. Potter, remaining absent from the division five days.

