
The losses in the different regiments are shown by the following table:

Command.	Killed or died	Wounded. 	Total.

of wounds.

11th Maine	 5	 3	 8

Volunteers.

10th	 2	 12 	 14

Connecticut

Volunteers.

24th	 3	 3	 6

Massachusetts

Volunteers.

100th New York	 1	 6	 7

Volunteers.

1st Maryland	 1	 5	 6

Cavalry.

Total.	 12 	 29 	 41

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Div., Tenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in obedience to the orders of the major-general commanding corps, I moved the Tenth Connecticut, of my command, up the New Market road 3 p. m. to make a demonstration in favor of General Terry's move on the Central road. Colonel Otis, commanding the Tenth, was directed to drive the enemy's pickets through the woods if practicable, but not advanced into the open field beyond. The rebel skirmishers were soon driven from the woods into the open field, where they were strengthened by another regiment. A sharp skirmish fire was kept up until after dark, when the regiment returned as ordered.

The casualties in the Tenth were 2 wounded severely and 1 taken prisoner. The loss of the enemy must have been quite severe, as the rebel regiment received the full benefit of our fire while in the act of deploying. Two prisoners were captured and sent into corps headquarters; one of them was wounded.

I am pleased to say that Colonel Otis, with his gallant Tenth, performed the part assigned them in their usual good style. Report of Colonel Otis of the affair will accompany this.

I have the honor to be, captain, your most obedient servant,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Richmond, Va., October 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Third Brigade, First Division, in the operations of the 7th instant near Four-Mile Run Church:

At 7.30 a. m. I received orders from brevet major-general commanding to move my brigade down the New Market road and take position

