
The conduct of regiments of this brigade through the affair, with the single exception referred to, was satisfactory; nor could it have been more so. The brigade was on the right flank of our line, which the enemy was seeking to turn. All seemed to fell the responsibility of their position, and no troops in the world could have behaved better. The Tenth Connecticut, Colonel Otis commanding, occupied the decisive point of my line, and its splendid behavior when the regiment on its right gave way saved us from disaster. One company, Eleventh Maine, eighteen men, Lieutenant Dunbar, and two companies of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, fifty men, Lieutenant Hayward, when driven in as skirmishers, were formed on the extreme right, and in conjunction with Lieutenant Small's detachment of Eleventh Maine, held the road and the space beyond to the open field where the church is, and prevented the right from being turned. Lieutenant Dunbar lost 2 men killed and 4 wounded, and Lieutenant Hayward lost 10 men killed and wounded. The latter reports a rebel captain and several of his men (5) killed within a few yards of his line.

Captain Merrill, commanding Eleventh Maine, reports his regiment as follows:

The conduct of the officers and men was the same as has been shown on every field where they have engaged the enemy, and well known to the brigade commander. Too much credit cannot be given to the men whose term of service had expired, they being the first to volunteer as scouts and to perform the most dangerous duties.

Captain Sellmer, Lieutenants Wright, Norris, and Savage, of my staff, rendered good service; were especially efficient in rallying the One hundredth. In this connection I cannot fail to mention Chaplain Trumbull, Tenth Connecticut, who was constantly at the front with his regiment, as is his wont at all times. He was conspicuous on this occasion, with revolver in had, in his effort to stay the crumbling regiment. An hour later he officiated at the burial of our dead, while the skirmish line was still engaged and every moment a renewal of the attack was expected. The sound of prayer mingled with the echoes of artillery and musketry and the crash of falling pines for hastily constructed breast-works. His services to the brigade, not only on this but on so many other like occasions, are gratefully acknowledged. Colonels Osborn and Otis always deserve special mention. Skillful and imperturbable, they are towers of strength to their commands.

I have the honor to be, captain, your most obedient servant,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, before Richmond, Va., October 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the reconnaissance of to-day on the Darbytown road:

In obedience to orders from General Ames, three regiments of the brigade-Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, Colonel Osborn; Tenth Connecticut, Colonel Otis, and Eleventh Maine, Captain Merrill-moved from camp at 4.20 a. m., following the First Brigade, Colonel Pond.

