
The Second Brigade, General Hawley, followed in the rear of the Third. The division reached the Darbytown road at daybreak and formed line of battle faced to the left with its left resting on the road. My brigade was formed, Twenty-fourth and Eleventh in line, the Tenth Connecticut, four companies as skirmishers, covering the front of the brigade, and the balance of the regiment in reserve in rear of the center of the brigade. In this order the division advanced across an open field at Gerhardt's house and entered a thick growth of scrub oaks. Advancing several hundred yards, the enemy's pickets were met quite strongly posted in aline of detached rifle-pits. I increased the pickets, and by order of the general drove our the rebel skirmishers. My skirmish line was now advanced within a hundred yards of the enemy's main line to the edge of the slashing in front of his works. On my right the undergrowth of scrub oaks was very thick; in the center and left more open, and the rebel line of rifle-pits, continuous line, could be seen though somewhat masked by bushes. The slashing was an old one, partly, and had been burnt over; along the immediate front of the rebel rifle-pits there was a border of green slashings. The works were strongly manned by the enemy; a portion of the time at least, in two ranks. It was altogether an ugly looking chance for charge. The position could not have been carried without great sacrifice of life. From three points the enemy played upon us with artillery, from both flanks an enfilading fire and a direct fire from the front, case-shot, principally. My line of battle was within 200 yards of the line of skirmishers and the men were much exposed by the falling tree tops and limbs, as well as by the enemy's missiles.

During the afternoon the enemy made three attacks upon my line, but was severely repulsed. I have seldom witnessed worse musketry fire than brigadier-general commanding to withdraw my line of battle from the woods and form in the open field south of the Darbytown road, withdrawing my skirmishers when those upon my left were withdrawn. The troops on my left had already retired. The line was withdrawn and the skirmish line also, with the loss of one man killed in the movement. About the middle of the day the Tenth Connecticut (that portion of it not on the skirmish line) was ordered to report to Colonel Pond, commanding First Brigade. It participated in the charge by that brigade and behaved with its habitual gallantry. It lost more than one-third of the number engaged. Major Camp was killed; he fell among the foremost of his comrades and within a few yards of the enemy's line. Our cause cannot boast of a nobler martyr than Henry W. Camp. His name will be recorded with those of Ellsworth and Winthrop, youthful heroes who have given their lives to their country. For a more particular report of this regiment I would refer the general commanding to report of Colonel Otis, which with those of the other regimental commanders are herewith transmitted.

As to the conduct of the brigade throughout the affair I am proud to say it was worthy of the best of troops.

Besides the regimental commanders I would specially mention for good conduct Lieutenant Wilson, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts; Foster, Eleventh Maine, and Linsley, Tenth Connecticut, who commanded the detachments of skirmishers from their respective regiments. Also Captain Sellmer, of my staff, who had command of all the skirmishers from the brigade. These officers did nobly and are deserving of high praise. The skirmishers were withdrawn fighting, retiring in perfect

