
order and with a loss of but one man killed. They repulsed the enemy's every onset, even taking the offensive and capturing one prisoner, whom they brought in. I would refer to reports of regimental commanders for the names of those who have most distinguished themselves in their respective regiments.

I have to lament a quite heavy loss in the brigade considering the number of men engaged, amounting in the aggregate to 84, viz: 12 killed, 64 wounded, and 8 missing. A list of their names accompanies this report.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, captain,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain CHARLES A. CARLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Richmond, Va., October 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the operations of yesterday and to-day between the Darbytown and Charles City roads:

The brigade moved from camp with the division at 4.30 a. m. yesterday, striking out for the Darbytown road, which it reached at daybreak. After crossing the road a short halt was made and rolls called. Twenty-five men had straggled-from One hundredth New York, nineteen; Tenth Connecticut, four; Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, two; Eleventh Maine, none. The division (the Third Brigade in the center) advanced until its right reached the Charles City road, but immediately moved back till its left rested on the Darbytown road. It then advanced in line perpendicularly to the road across an almost impassable run into open ground. The Second Brigade was now transferred to the right of the division. My skirmish line-the Tenth Connecticut-was advanced across the field and into a growth of small pines in which was the line of rebel rifle-pits, about 200 yards from their main line. My line charged them out, capturing five prisoners. The line of battle was then advanced with colors displayed, attracting the attention and shells of the enemy. The line was soon after retired under cover of the woods. At 12.20 p. m. a decided demonstration was made. My skirmish line pressed closely; went into the slashing in front of the enemy's works and engaged his line. The line of battle was at the same time advanced 200 yards into the open ground, again receiving the fire of the enemy's artillery and suffering some loss. The range was too good. The colors of the One hundredth New York was knocked down, one man killed and several wounded. I ordered the line to advance about 100 yards, with cheers, which was handsomely done. At 4 p. m. a bold push was made with the skirmish line to ascertain whether troops had been moved from our front to the enemy's left, to meet Weitzel. My skirmishers were re-enforced by three companies from the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts and One hundredth New York and ordered to attack. The attack was made with vigor, but no advance could be made through the enemy's slashing, which was the best I ever saw. But eleven battle flags were counted in the works and the enemy's fire was about equal

