
to that of my line, which was a line of battle in one rank. After dusk I received orders to establish a picket-line and retire the line of battle into the woods in its rear. One hundred men were placed on picket connecting with the pickets of the Second Division on the left, and with skirmish line of First Brigade on my right. The brigade was bivouacked as directed by the general, and had a comfortable time of it in the rain before bright fires .

The casualties in the brigade were 25 killed and wounded and 3 missing; a nominal list is inclosed. Lieutenant Stowits, my acting assistant adjutant-general, was the only commissioned officer wounded. He was shot through the arm early in the day. An efficient and brave officer whose loss I regret.

This morning I relieved 100 men of the pickets of the First Brigade on my right from the One hundredth New York, thus having 200 on the picket-line. Smart skirmish fire was kept up with the enemy in his main line during the forenoon with slight loss to out side. Soon afternoon, the First and Second Brigades having retired, the Third was withdrawn and proceeded to camp.

After crossing the Darbytown road the regiments were halted and rolls called. There were twenty-eight stragglers of those who marched out on the morning of the 27th, viz, twenty-two from the One hundredth, four from the Tenth, two from the Twenty-fourth. Fifty men of the One hundredth, armed and for duty, remained in camp, though ordered to march on the morning of the 27th. I have ordered all these men arrested and turned over to the provost guard, with charges, for trial by general court-martial.

The conduct of the brigade aside from straggling was unexceptionable. Captain Hawkins, Tenth Connecticut, of my staff, is deserving of special mention for his zeal and efficiency. He was almost constantly on the skirmish line, rendering valuable service.

After dark of the 27th he and Lieutenant Norris, Eleventh Maine, carefully examined the slashing on the enemy's front, finding it to be of the very best sort-the trees being felled in one direction from the works, and the limbs all laid low. He reported it impassable if but indifferently defended. My pickets were brought off by him at the proper time in perfect order and with no loss. I am much indebted to him. Lieutenant Foster, commanding detachment of Twenty-fourth, on skirmish line, has on this as on many occasions shown himself a brave and capable officer. Sergeant Wiley, of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, is deserving of honorable mention for his efficiency in command of a company of a company of skirmishers. Sergeant Gordinier, One hundredth New York, is also particularly mentioned for good conduct on the picket-line.

I am not satisfied with the One hundredth New York; it cannot be depended on. There is no discipline, pride, or soldierly spirit in it. The brigade is considered stronger without it. The term of service of many of its men and officers they consider has expired. This is proffered by them as an excuse for the bad state of discipline in it.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain CHARLES A. CARLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

