
nearest point opposite, and the whole line then swung in on the double-quick in gallant style. The rebels were flanked out of their work by the oblique line of attack, making but slight resistance. After the skirmish line was well across the field the cavalry (Colonel West) dashed across the plantation on my right, reaching the fortifications the same time with the right of the infantry. The rebels turned their backs and fled, giving the boys an opportunity of firing into them, which they improved with evident satisfaction. Skirmishing was kept up along the line of works and to the right along the Darbytown road, the cavalry taking the right until dark. The cavalry pickets having been re-established in their old position, the infantry was withdrawn after dark and returned to camp.

I need not speak generally of the conduct of the brigade, as the whole affair took place under the immediate direction and observation of both the division and corps commanders.

Sergts. Henry H. Davis and Robert Brady, Eleventh Maine, deserve to be particularly mentioned. The former, though on the sick list, and his term of service having expired, went out with the regiment and volunteered for the skirmish line. He was wounded in the leg. Brady has been conspicuous for good conduct on every occasion calling for coolness and dash. Three times wounded in the campaign, he was to-day shot in the arm severely after reaching the enemy's works. He has been recommended for a first lieutenancy.

A list of casualties is inclosed.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain CHARLES A. CARLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 277. Reports of Colonel John L. Otis, Tenth Connecticut Infantry, of operations August 1, 14-20, and October 13.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Deep Bottom, Va., August 2, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward report of a severe picket skirmish between a portion of my command and a considerable force of the enemy yesterday.

About 5 p. m. the enemy advanced a well supported line of skirmishers against that part of our line occupied by Companies G, K, and A, commanded by Captain Greaves and Lieutenants Marshall and Sharp. The attack was very sudden and severe, but only resulted in forcing our vedettes back on the picket-line. The pickets were immediately deployed as skirmishers and their stubborn resistance checked the enemy's advance. He immediately brought up his reserves and made a desperate charge on our line, evidently with the expectation of being able to break through and get in the rear of our pickets before the reserves could come up. But the line had already been strengthened by the arrival of the main reserve under Captain Goodyear, and the charge was repulsed with severe loss. The enemy rallied again and

---------------

*Shows 3 men wounded.

---------------

47 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

