
made a second attempt to force our line, but with no better success, being again driven back in confusion with severe punishment. Our own loss was slight, owing to the men being well covered and having the advantage of acting on the defensive.

The conduct of the officers and men in this affair was such as to elicit the commendation of the commanding general.

Herewith I inclose a dispatch from General Foster, received last evening; also an official list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. OTIS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS, TENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Deep Bottom, Va., August 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the service performed by the Tenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers in the active operations of the 14th and 20th instant, inclusive:

The regiment left camp a few minutes past 4 o'clock on the morning of the 14th, under orders to move up to the picket-line on the Deep bottom road at double-quick and attack the enemy's pickets on the left of the road. We reached the position at 4.30, and I immediately deployed Company A, Captain Webb, on the right of the road, supported by Company C, Captain Goodyear, to connect with the skirmishers of the Eleventh Maine Volunteers, with Companies A, D, and F, commanded by Captain Quinn, on the left of the road, supported by the balance of the regiment, and connecting with the First Maryland (dismounted) Cavalry. We pushed forward as soon as the connections were properly made, keeping the supports well up with the skirmishers. The line soon became warmly engaged with the enemy's pickets, which were very strong in numbers and well protected by rifle-pits. The enemy proving too strong for our skirmishers, the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts was sent to our assistance, with orders to form in double column and charge the enemy's position, my own regiment charging in line of battle on its left. The charge was perfectly successful; the enemy was driven from two lines of very strong rifle-pits, with considerable loss. In this affair my regiment captured about 20 prisoners and suffered a loss of 1 captain (Quinn) killed, 1 lieutenant (Sharp) mortally, Lieutenants Peck and Brown severely, and Captain Webb slightly wounded, 4 enlisted men killed and 22 wounded. We now occupied the enemy's last line of rifle-pits, and pushed our skirmishers forward until they were fired on from the enemy's principal work on Spring Hill. We remained in this position until 3 p. m., when I received orders to move my command off by the right, with flankers out toward the enemy's position. We moved slowly in this manner until nearly dark, halting often, until across Four-Mile Creek, when the flankers were withdrawn and we marched rapidly to Strawberry Plains, arriving there at midnight. 15th, nothing of importance occurred. We left the bivouac at 9 a. m., and marched out about three miles on the New Market road and again bivouacked. 16th, fell in under arms at 3.30 a. m. and marched at daylight. After marching about a mile I received orders to form the regiment in line of battle

---------------

*Nominal list (here omitted) shows 1 killed and 2 wounded.

---------------

