
First Brigade, First Division.

[September.] - The regiments of this brigade occupied the line they had been holding to the left of Fort Hays until the 25th, when they were relieved by the Third Division. The Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers were left as a garrison to Fort Hays. Until the 25th the command was constantly engaged in completing the line of works occupied, constructing abatis, felling timber, building corduroy roads, laboring on fortifications on other lines, and performing picket and trench guard duty.

September 29. - Moved to the Gurley house.

September 30. - Engaged the enemy near the Pegram house, with a los of 2 men killed, 50 wounded, and 30 missing.

General Orders, Numbers 39, from headquarters Ninth Army Corps, dated September 13, 1864, changed the designation of the Third Division, Brigadier General O. B. Willcox commanding, to the First Division.

October 1. - The command was engaged in throwing up earth-works near the Peebles house.

October 2. - Moved to near the position occupied on the 30th. Toward night took up a new position near the Pegram house and threw up entrenchments.

October 8. - A part of the brigade was engaged with the remainder of the division in a reconnaissance.

October 27. - The whole command, with the exception of the Eighth Michigan and a detachment of the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, left to garrison forts, moved out toward the Boydton plank road and advanced to the rebel fortifications protecting the South Side Railroad. There was continued skirmishing with the enemy, with a total loss of 28 wounded.

October 28. - Withdrew in the afternoon, having attempted an assault upon the enemy's works. The brigade returned to its old camp, where it now lies. The several regiments have been engaged in building entrenchments, felling timber, constructing abatis, and on picket, camp, and trench guard duty.

[November.] - The brigade occupied the trenches near the Peebles house, Va., until the 29th. During this time it was engaged in drill, perfecting the line of works, constructing abatis, and picket duty.

[November.] - The brigade occupied the trenches near the Peebles house, Va., until the 29th. During this time it was engaged in drill, perfecting the line of works, constructing abatis, and picket duty.

November 29. - The brigade moved down to opposite Petersburg, Va., relieving Colonel McAllister's brigade, of the Second Corps, the left extending to the Norfolk railroad and the right to Battery B.

The Thirteenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was transferred to the Second Brigade November 11, 1864.

[December.] - The regiments of this brigade have laid in the trenches in front of Petersburg during the month. The Thirty-seventy Wisconsin and One hundred and ninth New York Volunteers were temporarily detached on the 9th, and placed in the Provisional Brigade and moved to the left, in support of General Warren.

December 14. - They returned to brigade. The troops have been engaged in picket and trench guard duty, in repairing picket-lines and covered ways.

Second Brigade, First Division.

August 1 to 15. - In division line before Petersburg, Va., entrenching, picketing, and sharpshooting.

August 15. - Moved to the Fifth Corps redoubts and picketed the line of the Jerusalem plank road.

