
jected to a sharp skirmishing fire from the enemy until dark, when we withdrew to the second line of rifle pits we had captured from the enemy in the morning, and spent the night in intrenching our position. The casualties of the regiment during the day were, 1 officer dangerously and 1 slightly wounded, 42 enlisted men killed and wounded and 8 missing. We remained in this position until the evening of the 18th, when preparations were made to withdraw. I received orders to send two companies of my regiment to the rear for fatigue duty and deploy the remainder in rear of the brigade so as to occupy the defenses and protect the withdrawal of the other regiments of the command. Before the brigade could be withdrawn, however, the enemy attacked us in considerable force but was easily repulsed. Three men of my regiment were wounded in the affair, one quite seriously, probably by a shot from our own artillery. About 9 p. m. we withdrew to the opposite side of the ravine, where, according to previous orders, I reported to the corps officers of the day. My entire command was placed on picket duty and remained there until 11 p. m. of the 19th and were then relieved, when I rejoined the brigade on the Long Brigade road. We remained in that position until 9 p. m. of the 20th, and were then withdrawn with the balance of the brigade and arrived at Strawberry Plains about 11 p. m. The regiment was again placed on picket. Remaining through the night, it was withdrawn at daylight in the morning, forming the rear guard of the brigade thence to the bridge. We arrived in camp at Deep Bottom at 6 a. m.

During the entire movement the conduct of both officers and men of my command was all I could desire. I never saw men behave with more steadiness or officers with greater courage.

In the death of Captain Quinn and Lieutenant Sharp, and the probably permanent injury of Captain White, we lose the service of three most brave and valued officers, whom the regiment can ill space.

Trusting that the conduct of my command has been such as to earn the commendation of the brigadier-general commanding, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. OTIS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APPENDIX.-The force asked for by Colonel Otis I was unable to get. All my troops were in line and hotly engaged, and re-enforcements did not arrive until we were driven back.

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Near Richmond, Va., October 13, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the affair of to-day:

My regiment moved out from the intrenchments at 4 a. m. Soon after crossing the Central road I received orders from Colonel Plaisted to deploy a line of skirmishers in front of the brigade, and also to send one company to drive the enemy's vedettes from the edge of the woods in our front to prevent the movement of our forces being observed. Seventy men were at once deployed as skirmishers, under command of Lieutenant Linsley, and a company of twenty, commanded by Orderly

