
Sergeant Burt, of Company G, drove in the enemy's vedettes so promptly that two of them left their guns and knapsacks on their post. Sergeant Burt then rejoined the regiment, which remained in reserve until noon, when I received orders from General Ames to report with my command, except the skirmishers under Lieutenant Linsley, to Colonel Pond, commanding First Brigade. I reported accordingly, and being the senior regimental commander present, was ordered to form my regiment in double in column for an assault. About 2.30 p. m. the order was given to charge the enemy's works, and the entire command moved forward with great promptness. My regiment behaved splendidly, as did all others in the assaulting column, but the charge being through a thicket of scrub oaks so dense that men could hardly push their way the force of the charge was entirely broken before reaching the enemy's works. Most of the way the column was subjected to a terribly severe enfilading fire from which men were falling at every step. On coming within ten paces of the enemy's works the severity of the fire and impenetrable nature of a narrow slashing in front of the ditch compelled the column to fall back. The men retired quite deliberately many of the m returning the enemy's fire as they did so. The enemy was well intrenched and the works strongly manned.

My loss was 1 field officer (Major Camp) killed, 4 enlisted men killed, 37 wounded, and 3 missing. Among the wounded are 6 orderly sergeants who were in command of companies, 3 of whom are mortally and 1 severely wounded.

The only commissioned officers with the regiment besides myself were Lieutenant-Colonel Greeley, Major Camp, and First Lieutenant James H. Linsley. I know no higher praise to bestow on these officers than to say that they all behaved with their usual courage and coolness, Major Camp losing his life within a few steps of the enemy's works. Chaplain Trumbull was also present and very efficient in attending to the removal of the wounded from the field. Assistant Surgeon Hart was, as usual, constantly near the regiment rendering prompt and efficient aid to our wounded.

My regiment has taken part in more than forty battles and skirmishes, never before fell back under fire, and never behaved better than on this occasion. But I have no apologies to make for it. I have not seen a more hopeless task undertaken since I entered the [service] than that attempted by the assaulting column to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. OTIS,

Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

Lieutenant BENJAMIN WRIGHT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 278. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin S. Greeley, Tenth Connecticut Infantry, of operations October 27-29.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Near Richmond,, October 28, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the action of yesterday:

The regiment left camp at 4 a. m. and reported at the sally-port in the front of the brigade. At 5 it marched with the brigade up the

