
Company F. The skirmish line then advanced into the open field, where they received a fire from the enemy's skirmishers posted in a line of earth-works extending from the Eagle house on the left across the Darbytown road on the right. Subsequently a detachment of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry formed on our right flank. At 3.30 p. m. the order to advance was given the skirmish line. Taking the double-quick, advanced in fine style across the open field and drove the enemy from the works, with some loss. I advanced with the reserve to the open field and halted by direction of the colonel commanding brigade. The skirmish line now occupied the works, keeping up a sharp fire upon the enemy, who had halted in a wood near their works, keeping up a desultory fire. I remained in this position until dark, and on being relieved by a squadron of cavalry, rejoined the brigade and marched to camp.

Owing to the prompt and rapid movement of my men, I am happy to say I have to report only 1 man wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. S. GREELEY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

Captain FRANK HAWKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 279. Report of Captain Edgar A. Nickels, Eleventh Maine Infantry, of operations August 3-4.

CAMP ELEVENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,

Deep Bottom, Va., August 4, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 49, dated headquarters Eleventh Maine Volunteers, August 3, 1864, I have the honor to report that I reported to Captain Sanderson, Third Pennsylvania Volunteer Heavy Artillery, at 8.30 p. m., and was immediately ordered on board gun-boat Stepping Stones. Proceeded up the river and landed on the north side of the James River, this side and near the fleet, the object of the expedition being to march to Wilcocks' [Cox's?] Mill, situated across Dutch Gap, on the bank of the river, about three-quarters of a mile, to destroy the engine by means of a torpedo which had been furnished by the Navy Department. We moved across the open field in the following order: Company K, Lieutenant Small commanding, deployed as skirmishers; Company F, Lieutenant Holt, formed the right column, marching by the flank twenty paces in rear of the right wing of skirmishers; Company I, the left Lieutenant Weymouth commanding, and forty men of the Third Heavy Artillery Pennsylvania Volunteers the center, which guarded the party in charge of the torpedo. Our skirmishers met the enemy fifty yards this side of the mill, and a charge was ordered. The right of the line drove the enemy 200 yards with but little firing. Strong guards were stationed on the several roads leading from the mill toward the enemy, and a search immediately made for the engine, which was not found, but signs discovered which indicated plainly that it had been removed but a few hours previous. Two large iron wheels and shafts were found and the torpedo placed near them, the lanyard attached, and every man ordered out of danger of the explosion. After making three unsuccessful attempts,

