
hundred and twenty-five of the Eleventh were on picket, extending from the Grover house to the Four-Mile Creek, a distance of more than one mile. The Deep Bottom road divided this front in about two equal parts-the Eleventh was to attack on the right between Deep Bottom road and Four-Mile Creek; the Tenth Connecticut on the left of the road. The few officers and men in camp for duty were ordered to join their respective companies on the picket-line immediately. That portion of the regiment on the left of the Deep Bottom road, all but one company and the vedettes, was thrown to the right of the road, and the regiment hastily formed in line, a thin skirmish line without reserves. Ordered to attack, the Eleventh was soon hotly engaged. At 5.15, among others, Major Baldwin and Captain Sabine were carried to the rear severely wounded. For more than two hours the Eleventh was hotly engaged along its whole front with a superior force of the enemy strongly posted, pressing him closely, all the time suffering and all the time steadily advancing. At 7.30 a. m. the One hundredth New York was sent to take a portion of my front and the Sixth Connecticut as a support to both regiments. At the same time I received the following order from headquarters brigade:

There is a general advance ordered all along the line. You will therefore press steadily forward, with as much rapidity as possible, and drive the enemy into his intrenchments. Let there be no more delay in the advance than is absolutely necessary. Let it be done immediately. The Sixth Connecticut and Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, in reserve, will advance with the main line, keeping within supporting distance.

(To the commanding officers Eleventh Maine, One hundredth New York, Sixth Connecticut, Tenth Connecticut, First Maryland Cavalry, and Twenty-fourth Massachusetts.)

Before the One hundredth New York had reached its position the general advance commenced. Requesting Colonel Rockwell to support me closely with the Sixth Connecticut, and not waiting for the One hundredth to take any part of my line, I ordered the Eleventh to charge. In an instant the line sprang forward and, regardless of numbers, over the enemy's intrenchments, and without halting event to gather up the prisoners, throwing down their arms and announcing their surrender, followed the fleeing rebels, with hurrahs, so closely they had not time to form behind their rear defenses, over two strong lines of which they were driven in succession. Through the woods some 400 yards the pursuit was continued to the open field at the foot of Spring Hill. Here, along the edge of the woods in a last line of rebel rifle-pits, the Eleventh was halted and the skirmish line reformed. The prisoners captured and sent in by the Eleventh were 26-a small proportion of the number captured by the regiment. Many were passed over by the regiment and left to be gathered up by the One hundredth New York, and other regiments as they came up, the Eleventh dashing on to capture the reserves, who leaving their arms in their stacks, took to flight with the greatest precipitation.

The loss of the regiment in this engagement, all of which occurred previous to the charge, was 9 killed and 40 wounded, including 2 commissioned officers. The conduct of the men and officers in this fight was beyond praise. Two companies (C and D) lost 11 and 12, respectively, killed and wounded; nearly half of their muskets. Company G losing heavily, had its commanding officer disabled, when the orderly sergeant took command. In a few minutes he was disabled and the next sergeant took charge, but never a man took one step backward. After the line had reached the edge of the woods the roll was called and 290 muskets were in line. The whole number of muskets engaged

