
in the affair was 339; 47 had been killed and wounded, leaving but 2 men to be accounted for, and these were doubtless assisting the drum corps to carry off some of the wounded. The rebels had been drive into their main works around Spring Hill, which were now within easy range of our rifles. A constant fire upon them was kept up whenever and wherever they showed their heads. Some rebels, more bold, attempted to walk the parapets at first, but almost invariably were picked off by the sharpshooters of the Eleventh. Some were shot and fell dead upon the parapets; others attempting to take them off met the same fate, and several of their dead remained upon the parapets till after the regiment left its position in the middle of the afternoon. About 4 p. m. a flank movement of the brigade to the right took place, which brought the Eleventh across the Kingsland road into the field near the Four-Mile Creek, the One hundredth New York holding the rebel battery of four guns which that regiment had captured, thus opening communication with the Second Corps below the creek. At dark the Eleventh was place on picket across the open field to the Four-Mile Creek. At 10 p. m. the regiment was withdrawn, excepting the picket-line, and led the advance of the corps across the creek to Strawberry Plains, where it arrived at midnight and bivouacked in the open field.

Before daylight on the morning of the 15th the men left on picket and fifty men detailed at dark to construct a bridge came up, and the regiment was together again. At 7 a. m. Monday, the 15th, the brigade was ready to move and soon after moved in a northerly direction (the Eleventh in the advance) some four miles to a point near Fussell's Mill-Pond, so called. The Eleventh bivouacked in the edge of the woods until next morning with three companies thrown out as pickets during the day.

At 3 a. m. the 16th the regiment was ready to march. Soon after daylight it moved about a mile to the front and formed in line of battle on the right of the brigade and supporting the right of Hawley's brigade, then in advance. Soon after the line of battle was changed and the brigade formed in the woods, the Eleventh on the right, the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts and Tenth Connecticut to my left. Three companies were thrown our as skirmishers, under Captain Merrill. My orders were to look out for the right flank, keeping connection with the pickets of the Second Corps. Two companies were left in reserve on the right of the skirmish line to be put on the skirmish line, if the direction of the march necessitated it. The line of battle was then advanced in the direction designated by the general, but proved to be too far to the right. Direction was again taken to the left upon a line designated by Captain Davis, assistant adjutant-general, which direction proved to be still too far to the right. I then received orders from the general to advance without regard to my right flank (he would protect it with the maryland cavalry) and to change the guide to left, pivoting on the Tenth Connecticut. The farther advance was made without difficulty. The enemy's pickets, of rather vedettes, were soon after met in a line of rifle-pits and driven in by the skirmish line. A few prisoners were captured by the Eleventh, but advancing across a second ravine, the enemy was soon met in strong force behind a line of breast-works of logs and earth, and the engagement with the skirmishers soon became hot.

While endeavoring to develop the enemy's position on my front I received an order from the general to "drive the enemy into his main works and ascertain whether the same could be carried by assault." The skirmish line was accordingly pressed forward very close, the

