
would not stand. I then requested the lieutenant-colonel to move the balance of his brigade, and see if the bastion could not be carried. There was no firing on his front and many troops on his right not at all engaged. After a little hesitation and delay he consented to do so. The brigade was ordered up and began to move, by the left flank, in rear of my regiment, but scarcely had the movement commenced when the regiment he had already sent dissolved and disappeared across the run. The Twenty-fourth then gave way and the Eleventh was rolled up. The rebel flag was planted on the parapet, where the left of my regiment rested, before the colors of the Eleventh retired. It was not possible for the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth to hold their position unless the enemy was driven from the ravine and bastion. In this fight my regiment lost 93 enlisted men and 3 commissioned officers killed and wounded, most of whom fell from the flank while taking and holding the enemy's works. The Eleventh fell back across the run a short distance and rallied 191 muskets; it entered the fight with 315; 31 muskets only were missing, nearly every one of whom were helping of the wounded. All joined their regiment that night or early the next morning.

The total losses in the engagements at Deep Bottom and Deep Run were 146, including 5 commissioned officers, being 40 per cent, of the enlisted men, and 35 per cent. of the commissioned officers.

About sunset of the 16th the Eleventh was placed on the left of our line, connecting with the Second Corps at the mill-pond, where it lay until the night of the 18th, engaged most of its time in fortifying its front.

In the afternoon of the 18th the enemy made a demonstration along the front of the whole corps. The pickets were drawn in and the main line attacked. When the regiment on my right gave way, the front of the Eleventh was immediately extended to cover the portion of the parapet vacated. The Eleventh followed the movements of the brigade to the New Market road, near Malvern Hill, and thence to Deep Bottom, where it arrived at sunrise the morning of the 20th and went immediately on picket.

Of the conduct of the Eleventh in this seven days' compaign I am proud to say that every man and every officer did his duty so far as it was made known to him, and to the extent of his ability. On the march throughout the seven days not a man straggled from the regiment or "fell out;" not even on the 15th, when so many of the Tenth Corps lined the road. Among the 3,000 stragglers from the corps picked up by the provost-marshal that day not a man of the Eleventh was found.

Where all were equally exposed and all did their duty equally well, it is impossible and it would be unjust to particularize. A tribute of praise is due to Lieutenant-Colonel Hill, to Major Baldwin, to Captain Lawrence (mortally wounded), for their gallant conduct but none the less to the 140 brave men, many of whom gave their lives, many their limbs, and all severe wounds.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Maine.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

