HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Deep Bottom, Va., August 20, 1864.

I have the honor, as corps officer of the day, my tour of duty ending at 9 p. m. the 19th, to make the following report:

I reported at corps headquarters for instructions soon after dark the 18th,and immediately thereupon proceeded to visit the picket-line, beginning on the right of the corps held by colored troops, Colonel Shaw's brigade. While passing the front to these troops some firing took place at their left, on the front of the One hundred and fifteenth New York. Hastening to the point, I found several of the regiment had been wounded, and others reported captured. Its pickets had been driven in by the attack in the afternoon. An attempt to advance them brought on the firing. Failing to advance the picket a strong line of vedettes was pushed out as far as possible, connecting on the right and left. The pickets of Terry's division were strong, well advanced, and well connected. Between 9 and 10 p. m. I received orders to withdraw the pickets after the corps had retired, and to establish a new line. The Tenth Connecticut, Colonel Otis, Third Brigade, First Division, reported to me, and was established on the new line connecting with the Second Corps at the millpond on the left, and with the cavalry on our right. The pickets were then withdrawn and placed in reserve behind the Tenth Connecticut. Not a man was left behind nor a shot fired. At 5 a. m. the enemy advanced and fell off the picket-line. More or less firing was kept up during the day. A few union soldiers from regiments, apparently, who had been lying in the woods during the night. A number of intrenching tools left by our troops was picked up and sent to First Division headquarters, viz, 46 axes, 28 shovels, and a few picks; 23 rifles also were picked up and sent to same place. I was relieved by Colonel Haskell, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Maine Volunteers.

Colonel EDWARD W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps.

Numbers 281. Reports of Captain Simeon H. Merrill, Eleventh Maine Infantry, of operations October 13 and 27-28.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Before Richmond, Va., October 13, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders I moved with my command, the Eleventh Maine Volunteers, this a. m., and at daylight formed with the brigade occupying the right, under the direction of Colonel Plaisted, commanding brigade. Advancing across the field, where we formed about one mile and a half to the right of the works to attack the enemy, I sent forward two companies (A and B), under the command of Lieutenants Foster and Rolfe, supported by Company F, Lieutenant Clark commanding. After advancing about 1,000 yards into the woods they came upon the enemy, and forced them back to their works. With my left connecting with the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, I moved forward in line of battle, follow-

