
August 19. - Moved toward Weldon railroad; went into action near Yellow House.

August 21. - Again in action near Yellow House.

August 25. - Moved short distance to the left to support Hancock.

August 27. - Moved to the right and relieved Fourth Division.

September 1. - Occupied part of the line near the Aiken house, between the Jerusalem plank road and Weldon railroad; were engaged chiefly in fortifying and building corduroy roads.

September 7. - Moved camp to the Williams house, on the plank road, on our rear line of defenses, and continued the work already begun.

September 20. - Relieved the cavalry pickets in our front by details from our brigade; picketed on our front until the 26th, when the cavalry again occupied the line. Have been employed all the time since moving to this camp in work on the fortifications.

September 29. - Received orders about 1 a. m. to have brigade in line at 4 o'clock, ready to march; lay in line all day, and in the evening went into camp near the Gurley house, about one mile and a half from our former camp.

September 30. - Colonel Humphrey was relieved from command and mustered out of service, and Brigadier General J. F. Hartranft assigned to command. Moved about 9.10 a. m., following Second Division; moved slowly toward Poplar Spring Church; reached the Peebles house, near the works of the enemy just captured by the Fifth Corps, and formed in line of battle about 1 p. m. Brigade was moved from one position to another during the afternoon, and finally was engaged with the enemy near the Pegram house just before dark. Occupied the extreme left, and the line of troops on our right being forced back, we were compelled to retire, the enemy on both flanks and rapidly coming in our rear. Moved back a short distance and reformed, holding the line near the Pegram house. Established a picket-line, and about 12 midnight withdrew to the left of a newly established line and fortified. Left the Twenty-fourth New York (dismounted) Cavalry on picket where the line was first established. The loss of the brigade during the day was 1 commissioned officer and 5 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers and 45 enlisted men wounded, 8 commissioned officers and 150 enlisted men missing; aggregate, 212. This number includes several captured early next morning from the picket-line, who were reported in the list of casualties for September 30, 1864.

October 1. - Were engaged in fortifying all day. Soon after daylight the Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry, on picket near the Pegram house, was driven in and a few men captured.

October 2. - The brigade advanced again to the Boisseau house in connection with the rest of the corps and the Fifth and one division of the Second Corps. After some skirmishing with the enemy a new line was established, extending to the Pegram house. This brigade held the left of the line connecting with the old works of the enemy; remained here fortifying until the 8th.

October 8. - Joined the Third Brigade in reconnaissance west on the Squirrel Level road; advanced about one mile and a half, meeting a strong line of the enemy's skirmishers; returned to camp at dusk.

October 9. - General Hartranft was relieved, and Lieutenant-Colonel Newberry, Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry, assumed command.

October 16. - Lieutenant-Colonel Newberry received leave of absence, and the command devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel B. M. Cutcheon, Twentieth Michigan.

