
retiring from the right, there were 149 rifles present in line, leaving seven to be accounted for, of which number two were wounded and five given passes to the rear by the surgeon. The Eleventh Maine Volunteers did not straggle.

The casualties in the regiment were 5, as follows.* Of the 5 wounded but 2 left the ranks.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. MERRILL,

Captain, Commanding Eleventh Maine Regiment.

Lieutenant J. M. THOMPSON,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div.,10th Army Corps.

No. 282. Report of Colonel Andrew W. Evans, First Maryland Cavalry (dismounted), of operations August 14-20.
HEADQUARTERS FIRS MARYLAND CAVALRY,Deep Bottom, Va., August 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with directions from brigade headquarters, calling for a report of the operations of this regiment from the 14th to the 20th instant, inclusive, I have the honor to state that the regiment was formed on the left of the line shortly after daybreak on the 14th in the woods just west of the Deep Bottom road. Deployed with two companies in reserve, and one company refused, on the extreme left, and immediately in front of some small farm houses just across the Kingsland road. Colonel Hawley's brigade was soon after formed behind our left, and in the charge shortly after ordered the Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania, Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, advanced upon my line. In this charge the First Maryland Cavalry carried the rifle-pits in its front, capturing 2 officers and 1 man there and int he ravine across the field, to which it advanced with the rest of the brigade. In this engagement, which was only with the enemy's picket-line, my loss was 2 officers wounded and 2 enlisted men killed and 19 wounded. The regiment was not afterward directly under fire, but was moved to the right, through the woods in the afternoon and evening, crossing Four-Mile Creek, and in the night as far to the right as Strawberry Plains, where it was formed in column with the rest of the brigade and rested until morning.

On the 15th the regiment moved by the right flank, in rear of the brigade, by a cross-road through the wood, in a direction nearly due north, crossing the New Market road, a distance of about three miles, and rested in line of battle during the afternoon and night in rear of the skirmish line of the Second Army Corps, not far from Fussell's Mill. While resting here during the day the heat of the weather was so extreme that as many as thirty cases of sunstroke occurred in this regiment, many of them being removed to hospital in rear, though I have not been informed of any fatal results.

On the morning of the 16th this regiment was moved again a short distance to the right, and formed in the edge of the wood, on a line facing

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

