
were driven from the works in front, and I directed all to retire to the right and rear and form upon the bank above, which was done. The regiment remained here in line with the rest of the brigade until night, when entrenchments were thrown up a few yards to the rear, behind which we remained until the night of the 18th.

The loss in my regiment upon the 16th was 3 officers wounded and 14 enlisted men killed, 63 wounded and 16 missing. Ten rebels were captured on this day.

Upon the afternoon of the 18th an attack was made by the enemy upon a portion of the lines, and what appeared to be a feint upon the front of this brigade. The pickets of this regiment were driven in, and about the same time our artillery opened from the left almost directly upon our lines. Several men were killed and wounded on the right of the One hundredth New York, which regiment was immediately upon my left, and one man was wounded on my right. An unfortunate panic originated upon my left, caused in a great measure by this fire and encouraged by some one crying out that a retreat was ordered, and rapidly spread to the right. By great exertions of the officers the regiment was rallied in the wood in rear and brought back to its place in line. This incident is mentioned, as much obloquy has been thrown upon the regiment on account of it, a great part of which is believed to be undeserved, and in the hope that an investigation may be made to throw the blame where it should justly fall. My loss in the attack upon the 18th was 1 man killed and 2 wounded. On the night of the 18th the regiment moved with the brigade to a position about two miles in rear, on the New Market road, not far from Malvern Hill, where it was entrenched and remained without further incident until the night of the 20th, when we marched back to Strawberry Plains, and on the morning of the 21st returned to camp at this place.

In the several skirmishes during the week the officers under my command behaved with great gallantry, and it would appear invidious to particularize them by name. Lieutenant-Colonel Counselman was unfortunately taken severely ill upon the 16th, and was obliged to return to camp, thus depriving to Major von Koeber; to the acting adjutant, Lieutenant Hiteshew, and to Sergeant-Major Campbell. Captain Shamburg was wounded in the hip by almost the very first fire on the 14th, and Captain Hancock in the break and leg in the charge of that morning. In the first charge of the 16th Captain Dirks and Lieutenants Dittman and Clements were severely wounded while gallantly leading their men. The other officers present with the regiment, and who all displayed great spirit, were Captains Cook, Buckley, McMachan, and Norwood; and Lieutenants Clagett, Fowler, Philapy, and Embrey. Lieutenant Clagett participated in the first charge of the 16th and was then obliged to retire, from severe prostration by the heat.

A list of non-commissioned officers and privates whose conduct was very favorably noticed has been presented to me, but is much too long for insertion here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. EVANS,

Colonel First Maryland Cavalry.

ASST. ADJT. General,3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS.

48 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

