
No. 283. Report of Captain J. Crosby Maker, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations August 14.

DEEP BOTTOM, VA., August 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular order from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Tenth Army Corps, dated Deep Bottom, Va., August 21, 1864, I have the honor to report that the regimental line of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts was formed at about 4.30 o'clock on the morning of Sunday, August 14, 1864, and, according to orders from Brigadier General R. S. Foster, immediately proceeded up the Deep Bottom road at double-quick to the edge of the woods, halted, and awaited further orders. Soon after we proceeded a short distance up the road, filed into the woods on the left, and formed in line of battle in rear of the Tenth Connecticut and First Maryland Cavalry, with our right resting on the road, where we remained about an hour and a half. Orders were then received about an hour and a half. Orders were then received from Brigadier General A. H. Terry to double column and fix bayonets. The regiment then made a charge (according to orders from Brigadier-Generals Terry and Foster) through the skirmishers of the Tenth Connecticut, driving the enemy from their position and occupied their breast-works, capturing about 50 prisoners, and held the position until about 2 p.m., when orders were received to move by the right flank in concert with the Eleventh Maine, which was deployed as skirmishers on our right and front. After moving a considerable distance to the right, again halted, formed in line, with our right resting in rear of the left flank of the Eleventh Maine, and sent out two companies on the skirmish line to fill the vacancy between the Eleventh Maine and First Maryland Cavalry. At 3.30 p.m., being exhausted from long sickness, I was unable to remain with the regiment and relinquished the command to Captain George W. Gardner.

Our loss up to this time was 2 men killed, 1 lieutenant and 14 men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. CROSBY MAKER,

Captain, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., Tenth Army Corps.

No. 284. Report of Captain George W. Gardner, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations August 14-21.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.,Deep Bottom, Va., August 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at 3.30 p.m August 14 I assumed command of the regiment, relieving Captain J. Crosby Maker, near Spring Hill. At 5 p.m. moved out onto the Kingsland road and remained till 11 p.m., when the march was resumed, and at 12.30 m. reached Strawberry Plains; formed line in rear of the Eleventh Maine and bivouacked for the night. Monday, August 15, marched with the rest of the troops to the right at a point near Deep Run; forme line

