
and bivouacked for the night. Friday, August 19, the regiment took part in no operations. Saturday, August 20, the regiment moved out of the entrenchments at 6.30 p.m., and took up line of march, reaching Strawberry Plains about midnight. Bivouacked behind the entrenchments and remained till 5 a.m. Sunday, August 21, when the march was resumed, arriving in camp at Deep Bottom at 5.30 a.m.

I deeply regret to report the loss of two valuable officers-Lieutenant Jesse S. Williams, killed instantly, and Lieutenant William Thorne, died from wounds. Three officers, Captain Edmands, Lieutenant Wilson, and Lieutenant Hayward, are slightly wounded, and will soon be able for duty. Lieutenant Sargent received a slight wound in the wrist Sunday, August 14, that entirely disabled his right arm during the whole six days, but kept on duty with his company and was reported among the casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GARDNER,

Captain, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., Tenth Army Corps.

No. 285. Report of Colonel Francis A. Osborn, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations October 13.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,Near Richmond, Va., October 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of the regiment under my command during the action of to-day:

The regiment moved out of camp with the rest of the brigade at 4 a.m. and marched to Gerhart's house, near and north of the Darbytown pike. At this point it entered the woods in line of battle, marching parallel to the pike, having the Second Brigade on its left and the Eleventh Maine Volunteers on its right. A strong skirmish line was pushed forward, under command of First Lieutenant John T. Wilson, which pressed back the enemy's skirmishers, driving them out of their rifle-pits and across a slashing to the woods beyond. My skirmishers immediately occupied the woods on the edge of the slashing and were ordered to hold that position. This they did during the day, with the aid of to hold that position. This they did during the day, with the aid of re-enforcements, although the fire of the enemy was very much heavier than their own. The enemy several times appeared as if about to advance, but were checked by the heavy and well-directed fire of my men. They seemed to occupy a strong line of earth-works, partially masked with bushes, and were in strong force in my front. At about 3 p.m. they charged partly across the slashing, and for a moment pushed back the left of my line about twenty yards, the line on their left flank having previously fallen back. They were speedily repulsed, however, and retired to their former position. At 3.30 p.m. I was ordered to withdraw my regiment to the open field near the Darbytown pike, where I formed in line with the other troops of the division. Shortly afterward the skirmishers were brought in by the colonel commanding, and the troops returned to camp. The companies composing the skirmish line were I, C, K, F, and part of B. They are deserving of high

