
praise for their coolness and steadiness, exposed as they were to a musketry fire much heavier than their own at short range, together with an enfilading artillery fire, and having at times their left flank entirely exposed. Although I sent them re-enforcements twice at no time did they call for them or intimate any doubt of their ability to hold their position. Company I bore the bent of the affair, having been seven hours on the line, and having sustained one-half of the entire loss.

The following officers and men deserve honorable mention for gallant conduct: First Lieutenant John T. Wilson, who had command of the skirmish line, and conducted it with great coolness and ability. In this he only maintained the character he has displayed during his whole connection with this regiment for the last three years; First Lieutenant F. H. Shepard, who was sent with re-enforcements to the line in the afternoon; First Sergt. Frank B. DePeyster, Company C; Sergt. John E. Turner, Company I; Sergt. John Ryans, Company K; Corpl. John W. Nelson, Company C; Private Edward Parsons, Company C; Private Nelson H. DeLane, Company I.

I append a list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. OSBORN,

Colonel Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Lieutenant BENJAMIN WRIGHT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 10th Army Corps.

No. 286. Report of Colonel George B. Dandy, One hundred New York Infantry, of operations August 14-20.
HEADQUARTERS 100TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Deep Bottom, Va., August 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the One hundredth New York Volunteers in the recent movement against the enemy from the 14th to the 20th instant, inclusive:

On the morning of the 14th the regiment was relieved from picket and ordered to fall in with the brigade. The position assigned us was the right of the brigade and in the advance against the enemy's works. I was directed to keep my right flank as near as possible on Four-Mile Creek. This was not precisely possible on account of the nature of the ground and the presence of the enemy in rifle-pits on the opposite side of the creek. When the brigade moved forward the regiment advanced steadily, at no time halting until the outer works of the enemy were captured. In this assault the regiment took 35 prisoners and 40 muskets, most of the prisoners (21) being taken by Company G, Lieutenant Hughson commanding. The regiment, after having occupied the enemy's pits, was subjected to a vigorous shelling,and his sharpshooters, from a belt of woods on our right on Four-Mile Creek, had a good fire on our flank and rear, and did us some damage. Between 2 and 3 p.m. I was directed by Brigadier-General Foster, commanding Third Brigade, to withdraw my regiment from the line for the purpose

---------------

*Nominal list (here omitted) shows 5 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 16 enlisted men wounded, and 5 enlisted men missing.

---------------

