
and Nichols, I am greatly indebted for support and assistance under trying circumstances. To Major Nash and Lieutenant Stowits I am particularly indebted for great industry and sleepless energy during the building of our portion of the works on the night of the 16th. Also to the chaplain, Rev. J. B. Linn, who was constantly with the regiment, attending to the wounded and removing the dead.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

G. B. DANDY,

Colonel One hundredth New York Volunteers.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., Tenth Army Corps.

No. 287. Report of Captain Frank C. Brunck, One hundredth New York Infantry, of operations October 7.

CAMP 100TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,

In the Field, Va., October 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:In accordance with instructions from headquarters I respectfully submit the following report of the part the One hundredth took in the engagement of yesterday, the 7th instant:

At 8 a.m. on the morning of the 7th instant I received instructions to fall in the regiment and follow the Tenth Connecticut. We marched about a mile down the New Market road toward Deep Bottom, when we halted and formed a line of battle. We advanced into the woods on the right of the New Market road; at the same time I had Company A, Lieutenant Stowits, advanced to the front as skirmishers. We advanced about 200 yards into the woods. After some maneuvering the regiment was formed on the right of the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, the left connecting with that regiment and the right resting on a road running through the woods. Here I sent Companies C, G, and I, under Lieutenant Nichols, forward as skirmishers; they formed on the left of Lieutenant Stowits. These four companies in the action that occurred shortly after behaved well and repulsed two charges of the enemy before they fell back. At about 10 or 11 a.m. the enemy made an attack on our front, driving our skirmishers before them. A large number of our men whose term of service has expired immediately broke and ran to the rear; this threw the whole regiment into some confusion, but they were almost instantly rallied by the exertions of the officers, and opened fire on the enemy, who soon fell back from our front. It was while rallying the men that Adjutant Peck was wounded severely. All the officers conducted themselves with the greatest gallantry. I afterward sent Companies K, E, and B to the front as skirmishers, but withdrew them shortly after, together with Companies C and A, leaving Lieutenant Stowits with Companies I and G, on the skirmish line. During the remainder of the day we took up different positions with the rest of the brigade.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. C. BRUNCK,

Captain, One hundredth New York.

[Lieutenant BENJAMIN WRIGHT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

