
October 18. - The Twenty-fourth New York moved to City Point to be mounted.

October 27. - Broke camp at 3 a. m. and moved with the army in its advance to the Boydton plank road. The Forty-sixth New York was left to garrison Fort Cummings. The brigade had the advance of the Ninth Corps, and moved forward on the Squirrel Level road. The enemy's pickets and skirmishers fell back to their works, and were followed to within a short distance of their main line. Erected temporary breastworks here.

October 28. - Remained until 11.30 a. m., skirmishing with the enemy, when orders were received to retire. Returned to the old camp, having lost 2 officers and 23 enlisted men wounded, and 1 officer and 4 enlisted men missing.

[November.] - The brigade participated in no movement of importance during the month. Remained in camp at Peebles' farm until November 29, when it moved with the division to the extreme right of the line, relieving a brigade of the Second Corps.

[December.] - The brigade has not changed camp or engaged in any movement during the month.

December 13. - The Thirteenth Ohio Cavalry (dismounted) was detached from the command and ordered to City Point for the purpose of being mounted.

Third Brigade, First Division.

September 1 to 28. - Occupying various positions on the line from the Jerusalem plank road to the left.

September 29 [30]. - Marched across Vaughan road to the front, near the Pegram house. Went into action. At night retired near Peebles' house and constructed breast-works.

October 1. - Built works near Peebles' house, on Squirrel Level road.

October 2. - Advanced and engaged the enemy.

October 3 to 8. - Erected redoubts; slashed timber.

October 8. - Reconnoitered to the left near rebel Fort McRae, on Duncan road, and as far as beyond Hawks' house.

October 27 and 28. - Reconnoitered toward Boydton plank road, returning to old position the latter day.

No severe engagement during the month.

First Lieuts. J. S. Stocking and J. L. Johnson, One hundredth Pennsylvania, wounded October 27.

November 29. - Moved from Pegram's farm to camp in front of Petersburg, Va. No casualties during the month.

Second Division.

[August.] -Held line before Petersburg up to night of 14th.

August 15. - In the morning moved into position about one mile to the left, relieving Griffin's division, of Fifth Corps.

August 19. - Relieved by Mott's division, of Second Corps, and moved to re-enforce Fifth Corps, on Weldon railroad, at Blick's Station; got up late in the afternoon during attack of enemy on Warren; sent in skirmish line on right of First Division, but did not participate in general engagement; entrenched position east of Weldon railroad, where the division lies at date of this report [August 31].

September 1 to 25. - The division lay near the Weldon railroad, one brigade holding line, the other in reserve.

