
most stringent character were issued and every precaution was taken to prevent this most disgraceful and pernicious evil. The commandants of brigades were well to the front at all times, urging forward their men and executing all orders promptly. Colonel Rufus Daggett, One hundred and seventeenth New York Volunteers, commanding the First Brigade, was slightly wounded in the assault on the fort, and also suffering from disease which compelled him to relinquish the command of the brigade on the night of the 29th to Lieutenant Colonel A. M. Barney, One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers, who held the command until the return of Colonel Curtis on the 4th instant.

My entire staff was present with me at all times and performed their duty faithfully and intelligently, rendering invaluable assistance to me in rallying and urging forward the command at all times and under all circumstances. To their valuable assistance I am much indebted for the management of my command during the advance.

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant WILLIAM P. SHREVE,

Com. of Musters and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Tenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 30, 1864.

LIEUTENANT:I have the honor to submit, for the information of the brevet major-general commanding, the following report:

At 5.30 a.m. on the morning of the 27th moved my command, the First Brigade on the right (Colonel Curtis commanding), the Second and Third Brigades (commanded respectively by Colonels Pennypacker and Bell) following. Marching rapidly, I arrived at the Johnson house at about 7 a.m. I immediately formed line of battle, my right near the Johnson house, and deployed from the First Brigade a strong line of skirmishers, covering my entire front, the right resting on the Darbytown road, and pushing them forward at 7.15 a.m. the enemy opened on my skirmish line from the woods on the right of the Darbytown road. My entire command was at once advanced about 300 yards, when I deployed a strong line of skirmishers from the Second Brigade, to the right of the Darbytown road, with a view of covering the right flank and dislodging the skirmishers of the enemy, who enfiladed the line from an old line of works in front of the woods. I then advanced the main line forward to the abandoned line of works in front of the woods, the right of the First Brigade resting on the Darbytown road, the Third Brigade resting on the Darbytown road, the Third Brigade to right and rear of the First, crossing the road, the Second Brigade in reserve, and at the same time advanced my skirmishers well into the woods. About 1.30 [10] a.m., receiving orders to show as much force as possible, I moved by Second Brigade by the flank up the Darbytown road, through the old works, to the edge of the woods in full view of the enemy, filed to the left along the edge of the woods, in full view of the enemy, filed to the left along the edge of the woods out of sight of the enemy, and formed in line of battle to the rear and left of the First Brigade. About 11 a.m. the enemy re-enforced his skirmish line in front of my center and succeeded in pushing my skirmishers back a short distance. My line was immediately strengthened and I ordered Colonel Curtis to push the enemy into his main works, if possible to do so without too great a loss of life, which he succeeded in doing at about 3 o'clock. About this time I deployed a strong line of skirmishers from my left (the Second Brigade) and moved them forward to the left of my line

