
To my staff-Captains Davis, Lord, Dawson, and Smith-I am especially thankful for the able and intelligent manner in which they carried my orders to all points of the field, not infrequently subjected to a heavy fire of musketry in addition to artillery. Captain Davis, my assistant adjutant-general, who went to the front while suffering from an attack of fever, refused to go to the rear, and did not do so until he fell seriously wounded in the thigh, and was borne from the field. This, however, is only characteristic of the conduct of that officer on all occasions when duty requires his presence.

I would, in concluding this report, speak of the excellent and efficient manner in which the division ambulance system worked on the 27th, under the supervision and direction of my chief medical officer, Surg. W. A. Conover. They were at all times well to the front, and the ambulance stretcher corps was actively engaged in removing the wounded.

Trusting the part taken by the division was satisfactory,

I am, very respectfully,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. P. SHREVE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps.

No. 289. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Albert M. Barney, One hundred and forty-second New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations September 28-October 3.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 3, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders received this morning I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade since the 28th ultimo:

On the afternoon of the 28th ultimo this brigade left its camp in rear of General Birney's headquarters, near Petersburg, Va., with 1,351 effective men in the ranks, and moved toward the pontoon bridge at Jones' Neck, which was reached and crossed by 12.30 at night, the brigade camping just outside of the works at Deep Bottom for the night. At 4 a.m. on the 29th the brigade was astir, and soon after moved forward to a position on the high ground and in rear of General Paine's brigade of colored troops. The strength of the brigade at this time was found to be 970 enlisted men, many having fallen out during the very fatiguing march of the previous night. At about 8 a.m., the colored troops having carried the enemy's lines in our front, the brigade advanced to the New Market road, and the One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers having been deployed as skirmishers, the brigade moved up this road toward Richmond. No opposition was met with from the enemy, with the exception of an occasional shot from a straggling rebel, until we reached the line of earth-works near the Mill road, at which point a small picket was stationed, but was driven away without loss. At this point the brigade was halted for a rest of a few minutes, when an advance was again ordered. Moving through a strip of timber that skirts the Mill road, and when near the opposite side, the head of the column was opened on furiously with three pieces of

