
artillery from a strong rebel work on the left of the woods and by three pieces stationed in the road in front, near Laurel Hill Church, doing some execution and creating considerable confusion among the men. Before having been exposed for any considerable time the brigade was ordered to dislodge the battery on the road, which was done without much delay, and the brigade advanced to Laurel Hill Church with only a trifling loss, mostly from the fire of the battery on the left flank. The brigade was reformed at this place on the left of the road, and, after lying in that position some two hours, was placed in the center of the Second Division to charge the enemy's works. At the word of command the brigade moved on the works across a ravine thickly covered with slashed timber, which was the means of creating some confusion in the ranks, but nothing of a serious nature. The progress of the brigade was not interrupted by the fire of the enemy until it reached a second ravine, in advance of the first about 350 yards, when it was met with a severe fire from a battery on the right. On the rise of the hill beyond the enemy opened a scattering fire of musketry from the right, which continued growing more severe as we advanced toward a third ravine. On rising the hill, over the third ravine, the column was opened on by a galling fire of grape and musketry from the left, that swept down the men by dozens, under which the line advanced some fifty yards. Some of the men got to within twenty-five yards of the abatis, but they were unable to stand the fire, and notwithstanding the efforts of the officers, the line fell back in some confusion as far as the church, where it was reformed, and such of the dead and wounded as could be got at were brought off the field.

The loss of the brigade during the two charges was as follows: Killed-officers, 1; men, 25. Wounded-officers, 14; men, 162. Missing-men, 70.

A list by name is attached.*

The brigade remained in position near the church until dark, when it was ordered back and placed in position on the right of the New Market road in the old line of rebels position, where it remained until 6 a.m. on the 30th instant [ultimo], when it was moved to the left on the same line to the present position.

A. M. BARNEY,

Lieutenant Colonel 142nd Regiment New York Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 290. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Coan, Forty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations August 16.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., August 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report for the information of Brigadier-General Birney:

On the morning of the 16th instant, in obedience to orders, I massed my brigade in rear of the Third (Colonel Osborn's) on the hill near Brigadier-General Birney's headquarters. Soon after moved by the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 133.

---------------

