
third Pennsylvania Volunteers, left camp near Petersburg, Va., at 3 p.m. on the 28th of September, and proceeded with the corps to Deep Bottom, on the north side of the James River, where it arrived about 1 a.m. of the 29th instant, after a fatiguing march. It bivouacked at the latter place during the night, outside the entrenchments. On arriving at Deep Bottom the Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Paine for duty. At about 7 a.m. of the 29th the remaining four regiments moved with the division and proceeded to the front on the New Market road toward Richmond. About 12 m. the brigade was ordered to deploy and support Colonel Daggett's brigade, which was about to charge a position of the enemy which he held near Chaffin's farm, which maneuver resulted in completely routing the enemy and driving him within his main work. The brigade then reformed, and at 3 p.m. was ordered to take a position on the right of the division, and to assist in the assault on the enemy's work on Chafin's farm, about three-quarters of a mile from the position first carried. This assault was unsuccessful, although made with great gallantry. The loss of the brigade in the two assaults was, 6 commissioned officers and 22 enlisted men wounded, 1 enlisted man killed, and 11 men missing. At dusk the brigade fell back about one mile, and was then ordered to report to Brigadier-General Heckman, commanding Eighteenth Army Corps, and was sent on picket about one mile from Aiken's Landing, where it remained until about 9 p.m. of the 30th, when it was relieved by an order from Major-General Weitzel, commanding Eighteenth Army Corps, and ordered to report to Major-General Birney, commanding Tenth Army Corps. I reported about 11 p.m. and was ordered to bivouac in rear of the Third Brigade of the Second Division, where we remained until the afternoon of the 1st of October, when we were ordered to take position in the entrenchments on the right of General Foster's line.

With the exception of some unnecessary and disgraceful straggling during the first day's march, my command has conducted itself during the recent operations in such a manner as to be deserving of much credit.

The officers and men have performed their duties not only promptly, but bravely and well.

Respectfully submitted.

G. PENNYPACKER,

Colonel Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Tenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report for the information of the brigadier-general commanding:

On the morning of the 27th instant my command, composed of the Forty-seventh New York Volunteers, Seventy-sixth and Ninety-seventh and Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, numbering in all 1,200 men, was formed in line in obedience to orders in light marching order at 5 a.m. Following the First Brigade of this division to the Darbytown road, we formed line of battle in rear of the First Brigade, right resting on the road. As soon as the line was formed the First Brigade commenced moving to the front. I war directed to move

