
forward at the same time. We advanced about 300 yards when we were halted, and I was ordered to deploy a strong line of skirmishers to cover our right flank, which I did by sending out the Seventy-sixth and one company of the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. This latter force was deployed, moved forward, and succeeded in driving the enemy from and gaining an old line of rebel works, which was at once occupied. The right of my skirmish line was now resting at some buildings near the before-mentioned line, and the left on the Darbytown road. I then moved my command by the flank down the Darbytown road to near the woods, and then by file left down the edge of the woods and back to near its last position. My line remained here until about 3 p.m., when four companies of the Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by Major Harding, were reported to Colonel Bell, commanding Third Brigade. At the same time the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and one company of the Forty-seventh New York Volunteers were sent out as skirmishers, and deployed to the left of Colonel Curtis' line. The remainder of the command moved forward and formed in line near the edge of the woods in rear of the First Brigade. At the time the First and Third Brigades charged the enemy's works, the Seventy-sixth and Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and Major Harding's battalion, of the Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, were hotly engaged, meeting with considerable loss. About 9 p.m. the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the one company of the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and the four companies of the Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, were relieved from duty on the right and ordered to join the brigade, which now took position in rear of the line of rebel works we were holding. It remained here until 2 p.m. of the 28th, when, in obedience to orders, we returned to camp and occupied the line of works previously held by this command. The Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers had been relieved in the meantime on the skirmish line by the Forty-seventh New York Volunteers, which latter regiment fell back as skirmishers when the main line retired.

Much credit is due Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Littell, commanding Seventy-sixth, and Captain G. W. Hawkins, commanding Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. The former was with his command during the entire day, which was holding the right of the skirmish line of this division. The latter, whose command occupied the left of the skirmish line, fell severely wounded while advancing his regiment on the left of Colonel Curtis' line and has since died.

I deem it no injustice to others to particularly notice as worthy of mention Colonel J. W. Moore, commanding Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Captain J. M. McDonald, commanding Forty-seventh New York Volunteers.

My thanks are due to Caps. Charles W. Gallaer and Abijah S. Pell, Forty-seventh New York Volunteers; Second Lieutenant I. E. Smith, One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers, and First Lieutenant James Scott, Forty-seventh New York Volunteers, of my staff, for efficient services rendered. There was no straggling, and all officers and men behaved with coolness and bravery.

Respectfully submitted.

G. PENNYPACKER,

Colonel Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain T. E. LORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Tenth Army Corps.

