
September 25. - Moved to right; the whole division in reserve in rear of line held by Second Corps.

September 28. - Returned to near Weldon railroad; held in reserve.

September 30. - Moved out of entrenchments to westward with Fifth Corps in advance; Fifth Corps carried entrenched line near Peebles' house. Division was went in and advanced beyond Pegram's house toward Boydton plank road, driving enemy's skirmishers. In advancing against enemy's works was met by a countercharge and driven back to Pegram's house in some confusion, losing severely in killed, wounded, and prisoners. Checked the enemy at Pegram's house, and afterward retired to works carried in the morning.

[October.] - The Second Division occupied the line of works near the Peebles house until the morning of the 27th.

October 27. - Moved about one mile and a half to left, going into position near the Hawks house, connecting on the left with the Third Division, and on the right with pickets of the garrison holding the forts.

October 28. - Remained in line, when, after covering the retirement of the corps, it withdrew, and returned about 3 p. m. to the old position, which it now occupies.

[November.] - The division remained in position holding the line of works near Pegram's house, Va., until the 29th instant, when, upon being relieved by troops of the Second Corps, it moved some four miles to the right, filling line vacated by the Third Division, Second Corps, where it has since been is position.

[December.] - The position of this division remains unchanged since last monthly return, holding the line of works before Petersburg, with right resting on Fort Meikel, and left occupying Battery Numbers 24.

December 10. - A part of the division, in connection with detachments from the corps, moving some twenty miles to the left, forming support for the Second and Fifth Corps, then engaged in destroying the Weldon railroad.

December 11. - Returned to old camps, which they now occupy.

First Brigade, Second Division.

[October.] - Engaged in siege operations before Petersburg, Va.

[November.] - Engaged in siege operation before Petersburg, Va.

[December.] - Engaged in siege operation before Petersburg, Va.

Third Division.

[August.] - The position of the troops of this division remained the same as on the 30th ultimo, one brigade relieving the other on the line.

August 19. - In the morning the division marched to Blick's Six-Mile House, on the Weldon railroad, and when the enemy attacked the Fifth Corps in the afternoon it was moved forward. The First Brigade (Hartranft's) successfully repulsed the first two attacks of the enemy, and the Second Brigade (Humphrey's) gained possession of the line of works from which the troops of the Fifth Corps had retired. The whole division remained in the front line until the afternoon of the 20th, when it was withdrawn.

August 21. - In the morning the First Brigade took up a position and threw up a line of works in front of Blick's house, crossing the railroad. The enemy attacked in the morning at 10.30, but was repulsed. In the afternoon the division was moved to the right and entrenched.

