
and in case I did not develop a heavy fire from the enemy's main works I should attack the main line. I formed the Ninth Maine Volunteers, supported by four companies of the Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, to assault the main works, and ordered the left of the skirmish line (composed of the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers and a part of the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers) forward three different times before they moved. I then ordered the right of the skirmish line forward and carried the line of gopher holes, meeting little resistance from the enemy, and developing but a small fire from the main line. The assaulting party moved forward till it reached the best of woods in front of the enemy's line where it was met by a fire from four pieces of artillery and a sharp musketry fire, which increased in severity as we approached the works. Keeping on we carried a second line of gopher holes, but were here met by a fire of such severity as to break the assaulting force, which fell back in confusion. We rallied the men after falling back to the first line of gopher holes taken form the enemy, and there, in obedience to orders, after bringing off the dead and wounded, moved back the line of works near corps headquarters, where we remained through the night, our picket occupying the captured gopher holes. It is proper to state that the assaulting force was composed of men who had never been under fire before, with the exception of a very few of the Ninth Maine Volunteers.

On the 28th my command remained where it passed the night. When the corps moved back to our lines my command acted as rear guard.

Total number of casualties killed and wounded: Killed, 8; wounded, 58.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS BELL,

Colonel Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. E. LORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 293. Report of Captain Samuel M. Zent, Thirteenth Indiana Infantry, of operations August 14-16.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH INDIANA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Va., August 20, 1864.

SIR: Agreeably to instructions, I have the honor to report that the Thirteenth Indiana crossed the James River near Jones' Landing on the morning of the 14th instant. Marched to the front, where the regiment was placed on picket, where it remained until about 2 p.m., during which time Corpl. William H. Pollard, of Company B, was severely wounded and William Bogue sunstruck. During the following night we were marched to the right of the Tenth Army Corps. Nothing of any importance transpired during the 15th instant. On the morning of the 16th the Thirteenth Indiana was sent to the front for the purpose of dislodging some rebel sharpshooters who were annoying our gunners. The battalion took its position in immediate front of the One hundredth New York Volunteers, where we remained until late in the afternoon, when we joined the brigade behind the front line of

