
entrenchments, where we remained until the following day, when the battalion was detailed as provost guard for the Second Division, Tenth Army Corps, in which capacity it has since been employed.

Sergt. Joseph R. McCray, acting first lieutenant of Company A, was killed while in charge of a squared of sharpshooters on the 16th instant.

I remain, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

S. M. ZENT,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Captain T. B. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 294. Report of Colonel James Shaw, jr., Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, of operations October 27-28.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the action of the 27th and 28th instant:

In compliance with orders from the general commanding the brigade the Seventh, Ninth, and Company A of the Forty-first Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, of this brigade, were under arms at 5 a.m. 27th instant. At 5.45 a.m. followed the Second Brigade through the works in front of the Kell house, on the left of the Second Brigade in the following order: Company A, Forty-first Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, on right; Seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Troops on left, in line; Ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, in double column, in rear of left of Seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Troops. The Twenty-ninth [Connecticut] Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, of the Second Brigade, had been deployed as skirmishers and covered our front. In this order we moved forward into the thick woods and underbrush, with frequent halts, to the distance of about one mile, the skirmish line in front meeting with some opposition from the enemy. By direction of the general commanding, I caused two companies of the Ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops to be deployed on my left flank, and shortly afterward, as the firing became heavier in that direction, I ordered the Ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops to wheel to the left and deploy at right angles to the line of battle. In this position we remained through the day until 6 p.m., when, it being reported that the enemy were forming in our front, by direction of the general commanding I moved the Ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops parallel to and sixty paces in rear of the Seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Troops. During the day the skirmish line on our left, under command of Lieutenants Goodyear and Phelps, had been pushed forward and had captured a line of rifle-pits held by the enemy and were now extended from our line nearly to the regular camp pickets. At 8 p.m. the brigade was withdrawn, leaving the picket-line, to the Kell house and there bivouacked for the night. At 3.30 a.m. I was directed to send the Seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Troops and two companies of the Ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops to relieve the picket-line. At 8 a.m., by direction of the general commanding, I moved, with the remainder of the Ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, to the line on the left, connecting that line with the camp pickets and

