
in this position until 9 p.m., the regiment was ordered about a mile to the rear, where we lay the remainder of the night. At 3.30 next morning Companies H and G were ordered out on the skirmish line to relieve Companies D and C. At 8 o'clock the regiment was ordered on the left of the skirmish line, where Company C was deployed as skirmishers, its right connecting with Company G of the Ninth and the left with the right of the Second Division of the Tenth Army Corps. The remaining four companies lay about 150 yards in the rear as a support, when about 2 p.m. the companies on the skirmish line were withdrawn and the regiment proceeded to camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. THOMPSON,

Captain, Commanding Ninth U. S. Colored Troops.

Lieutenant J. E. LOCKWOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 299. Report of Captain John W. Falconer, Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops, of operations October 27-28.
HDQRS. CO. A, FORTY-FIRST Regiment U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Camp in the Field, near Richmond, October 29, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, dated this day, requiring a report from commanders of regiments and detachments of the First Brigade of their operations during the recent demonstration toward Richmond, I have the honor to report as follows:

That my company was detached by order of Colonel Ward to follow the brigade, and had the right of the first line of the brigade until 8 o'clock in the evening, when it became separated from the command until the next morning; we then rejoined it at daybreak. my company was marched to its quarters the evening of the 28th.

My loss was 1 sergeant wounded on the morning of the 27th.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. FALCONER,

Captain Company A, Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops.

Lieutenant J. E. LOCKWOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 300. Reports of Colonel Ulysses Doubleday, Forty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding Second Brigade, of operations October 13 and 27-29.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, October 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade in the reconnaissance of yesterday:

Starting at 4 a.m. we marched in rear of the First Brigade to a point near and to the left of the Darby road, where, by direction of General Birney, the Eighth U. S. Colored Troops was deployed as skirmishers to cover the front of the division. We then entered a very dense piece of woods and with great difficulty established one regiment (the Twenty-ninth Connecticut) in line of battle on the left of the First

