
No. 301. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Ward, Twenty-ninth Connecticut Colored Infantry,of operations September 29-30 and October 13.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLS.,Near Chaffin's, Va., October 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that part taken by this regiment in the operations of September 29 and 30, 1864.

At sunrise on the 29th the regiment marched out of the lines at Deep Bottom and moved toward the New Market road. After one or two halts, on or near that road, we were temporarily detached from the brigade and ordered to the support of Langdon's and another light battery, which were in position on the right of the road beyond Spring (or Signal) Hill. Being relieved from this duty we rejoined the brigade, moving for the purpose through the woods to the Mill road, just below its intersection with the New Market road. Here the regiment was held in reserve during the assault upon the enemy's works near that point. About sunset we retired to the captured lines near or on the Chaffin farm, where we still remain. During the night of the 29th and 30th this regiment supplied the brigade picket. On the 30th the regiment was moved to the left to resist an assault which the enemy made upon that part of the line, since which we have been engaged in improving and strengthening the works now occupied.

A full list of casualties has been heretofore transmitted.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. WARD,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-ninth Connecticut Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Captain M. BAILEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS, October 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the operations of to-day:

Moving from our bivouac at 3.45 a.m. we marched with the rest of the brigade to the Darbytown road, and entering the woods just beyond an abandoned line of rebel works, we were ordered to support the Eighth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, who were deployed as skirmishers. This duty we discharged throughout the whole day, through a rather difficult country, moving sometimes in line of battle and sometimes by the flanks of companies. During the latter portion of the day one company (D) of this regiment was added to the skirmish line.

The casualties of the day are: Killed, 4; wounded, 13; missing, 2; of whom a nominal list will be forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,HENRY C. WARD,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-ninth Connecticut Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant I. H. EVANS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 134.

---------------

