
No. 302. Report of Captain Frederick E. Camp, Twenty-ninth Connecticut Colored Infantry, of operations October 27-28.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH CONNECTICUT VOLS. (COLORED), October 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the demonstrations on the enemy's lines on the 27th and 28th instant:

We left camp the 27th, at 5 a.m., and about 7 a.m. the regiment was deployed as skirmishers near the Kell house. We skirmished through a thick wood for some distance, driving in a strong line of the enemy's pickets, and advanced to a position on the edge of the wood near the enemy's works, which position we held until the morning of the 28th, when we were relieved by the Seventh U. S. Colored Troops.

I take great pleasure in reporting the universal steadiness and good behavior of both officers and men, and where all did so well it is almost impossible to mention any particular case without injustice to other. First Sergt. Jacob F. Spencer, of Company D, with the assistance of three men whom he called to his aid, captured 3 prisoners belonging to the Eleventh South Carolina Regiment. Sergt. James B. Johnson, who was killed, and Private Thornton, a recruit recently assigned to Company I, and who lost a leg, are both especially mentioned by their captains for their coolness and bravery.

I went into the action with 13 officers and 571 men. The casualties were 1 captain wounded, 12 men killed,and 68 wounded; none missing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,F. E. CAMP,

Captain, Twenty-ninth Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant I. H. EVANS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 303. Reports of Major George E. Wagner, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, of operations August 14-21, September 28-30, and October 13.
HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Near Point of Rocks, Va., August 22, 1864.

MAJOR:I have the honor to submit the following of the part taken by the regiment under my command during the recent movement on the north side of the James River:

On the morning of the 14th instant, pursuant to orders from the general commanding, I reported to Colonel Wooster, Twenty-ninth Connecticut, commanding defenses at Deep Bottom, and was ordered to remain within the entrenchments. About 4 p.m. received an order from General Birney to rejoin our brigade. Did so immediately, and was directed by Lieutenant-Colonel Haskell, commanding, to form my regiment on the extreme left of the brigade. A little before sundown the right of the brigade changed, and moved my regiment by the left flank in support of them, having a company deployed as skirmishers. The position I was directed to occupy I held until 11 p.m., when I withdrew,

