
August 25. - Marched to Reams' Station to support Second Corps, which was engaged; arrived there about dark, and withdrew to our old position during the night.

August 27. - Moved to right, relieving Fourth Division, and took position on the line fronting Petersburg; threw up new line of works.

August 31. - Division still on the line taken up on the 27th.

September 13. - The number of this division was changed from Fourth to Third by Special Orders, Numbers 39, headquarters Ninth Army Corps.

September 26. - The division moved and occupied the line of entrenchments from Fort Davis to Fort Howard.

September 30. - The division stretched out and occupied the line reaching from the Weldon railroad to Fort Davis, which position it now occupies.

October 1. - Moved from near Jones' house to the Aiken house.

October 5. - The division moved from near the Aiken house to the Peebles house beyond Poplar Spring Church, occupying a position extending from Fort Cummings to near Fort Dushane.

October 27 and 28. - The division took part in the reconnaissance to Hatcher's Run, losing in killed, wounded, and missing, and aggregate of 80.

October 28. - Returned to the position occupied previous to the reconnaissance.

[November.] - The troops composing this command joined the Ninth Army Corps from the Army of the James about November 28 at Poplar Grove Church, and were formed into a Provisional Brigade, under command of Brigadier General J. F. Hartranft.

November 30. - The brigade was moved to the right of the line of the army, and was encamped in support of the Ninth Army Corps line from the Appomattox to Fort Alexander Hays.

December 9. - The brigade was massed near Fort Stevenson, on the Jerusalem plank road, for movement; remained in this position until the evening of the 10th, when the brigade marched out on the Jerusalem plank road, with other troops of the Ninth Army Corps, as far as the Nottoway.

December 11. - Arrived there at 4 a. m. Here we halted until the return of the expedition toward Weldon under Major-General Warren, when the troops marched back to their respective camps.

December 13. - Arrived at camp about 2 a. m. At 7 a. m. the brigade was again massed on the Jerusalem plank road, and remained there until the night of the 14th, when it returned to camp.

December 15. - The Provisional Brigade was organized into two brigades and designated the Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, by paragraph V, Special Orders, Numbers 256, headquarters Ninth Army Corps.

First Brigade, Third Division.

[August.] - Part of the time this brigade lay in the trenches in their old position in front of Petersburg; a part of the time in reserve engaged in fatigue duty.

August 19. - Moved out to the support of General Warren, on the Weldon railroad. In the afternoon engaged with the enemy, in which the command suffered a loss of 16 killed, 82 wounded, and 5 missing.

August 21. - The brigade building a line across the railroad. The enemy made an assault and were repulsed with great loss; we suffered a loss of 6 killed, 16 wounded, and 62 missing; since which time the whole command has been constantly engaged in building works, roads, on picket, and in the trenches.

