
was by him ordered to find out as much as possible of the enemy's position and strength, and in case of the line of General Ames' division advanced to form in echelon to the left of it. I could obtain no further information of the enemy's position, but engaged his skirmish line with varied success till 2 p.m., when I was relieved by the Seventh U. S. Colored Troops.

During the engagement I lost 4 officers wounded, 4 enlisted men killed, 27 wounded, and 5 missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. WAGNER,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant IRA H. EVANS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 10th Army Corps.

No. 304. Report of Major James T. Bates, Forty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, of operations October 13.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FIFTH U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Camp in the Field, October 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my battalion moved to the front of the enemy's works, with the brigade, at 4.30 a.m. 13th instant.

Shortly after the beginning of the action I was ordered by Brigadier-General Birney to report to Brigadier-General Kautz at the right of the line. Upon executing this order I was ordered to report with my battalion to Brigadier-General Birney. He directed me to form in echelon with the Twenty-ninth Connecticut Volunteers and to throw out two companies as skirmishers 200 paces to the left. Upon executing this order I was ordered by Colonel Doubleday, commanding brigade, to move upon a line with the Twenty-ninth Connecticut Volunteers and to move my line of skirmishers to connect with the line upon their right and to commence firing immediately. After lying in this order one hour and a half I was ordered by Colonel Doubleday to take two companies and accompany Lieutenant Marshall, acting aide-de-camp, to make a reconnaissance of the enemy's works in front, and to observe how far they extended toward our left. Owing to the impracticable nature of the skirmish line and make with Lieutenant Marshall a personal reconnaissance of the ground to our front and a quarter of a mile to our left. Returning at about 1 p.m. I reported to Colonel Doubleday and withdrew my two companies to their original position. At about 4 p.m. the battalion retired with the rest of the line, reaching camp at 6 p.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES T. BATES,

Major, Commanding Forty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops.

Lieutenant IRA H. EVANS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

