
No. 305. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Richard H. Jackson, Assistant Inspector-General and Chief of Artillery, of operations September 3 and October 7.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 4, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the artillery of the corps during the last twenty-four hours:

The enemy opened fire upon the batteries on the extreme left, but with little effect, and were soon silenced. There was but little firing on the right during the day. Captain Riggs, Battery H, Third New York Artillery, expended seventy-five rounds on the enemy's working parties at work on the hill to the left of the railroad. Lieutenant Stitt, Battery A, First Pennsylvania, reports twenty-five rounds expended. He had the Crater in his immediate front and is in good position to injure the enemy's work. Captain Orwig, Battery E, First Pennsylvania, reports and expenditure of fifty-seven rounds. The whole number of rounds expended by the artillery is 227. The enemy opened quite briskly from their mortar batteries about 7.30 or 8 o'clock last evening. No casualties. The sanitary condition of works and batteries is constantly and rapidly improving. With the exception of the Hare battery, the whole line is in fair order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Assistant Inspector-General and Chief of Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel EDWARD W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. LIGHT ARTILLERY Brigadier, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Artillery Brigade of this corps during the action, the attack and repulse of the enemy on the right of the corps, on the 7th instant:

At about 8 a.m. the enemy were seen advancing against the right flank (Terry's division) of the corps, near where Light Battery D, First U. S. Artillery, was posted. I immediately opened fire with this battery (range about 1,800 yards), and the enemy soon covered himself in the timber still farther to the right. I continued to shell the timber, and when he again partly emerged from it drove him in. About 9 a.m. our pickets were driven in about 1,000 yards, to where the rebel infantry were first seen, and the enemy opened on the First Brigade of the First Division with a battery of six light 12-pounders, and in a minute or two afterward with his six rifle guns. Anticipating such a movement, and fearing that he would also attack with his infantry from the same point, I had placed in position to reply two batteries-Lieutenant Myrick's (E, Third United States) and Captain James' (C, Third Rhode Island)-with two Requa guns, commanded by Lieutenant Truax, Sixteenth New York Artillery. The fire was delivered slowly and efficiently, and kept, as I have since learned, Hoke's division of rebel infantry from moving forward to assist the assault of the enemy, about to commence

