
including the section on the right, commanded by Lieutenant Morris. This section, having been advanced considerably, had taken position on an eminence and slightly enfiladed the enemy's position. During this day fired a little over 1,000 rounds of shell, case, canister and shot, with marked effect. Loss, 1 sergeant, 2 corporals, and 5 men dangerously wounded, 5 men slightly wounded, and 11 horses disabled. Supported by the Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, stationed in rear of the right section and to the left and rear of the four guns remaining, after night-fall removed my entire battery, by command of Colonel McGilvery, and went into park a short distance to the rear, horses remaining in harness, and men sleeping by guns.

Thursday, August 18. Ordered to break park at 4 p.m., and marched again to the ground occupied on the 16th. A heavy musketry fire being in progress in the wood in my front, was ordered to fire with spherical case and opened with a good elevation and length of fuse. Fired ninety-three rounds of this ammunition and solid shot, being much interrupted by officers and men of the One hundredth New York Volunteers and [First] Maryland (dismounted) Cavalry, who persisted in getting in front of my guns as they hurried to the rear. No casualties during this engagement.

Yours, respectfully,

CHAS. R. DOANE,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Fourth New Jersey Battery Light Artillery.

Colonel F. McGILVERY,

Chief of Artillery, Tenth Corps.

No. 307. Report of Lieutenant Henry H. Metcalf, Third Rhode Island Artillery, commanding Fifth New Jersey Battery, of operations October 7.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW JERSEY BATTERY, October 9, 1864.

In obedience to circular dated October 8, from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report the part my command took in the engagement of October 7, 1864.

By command of the chief of artillery I moved with the right half battery from its place in the entrenchments, and went into position in front of the white house on the right of the line. The enemy's fire was very accurate, and in taking the position three horses were killed. I immediately opened upon the charging column of the enemy, and they retreating, I turned to the artillery.

Every man did his duty, and where all did so well it would be impossible to mention any individual case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,HENRY H. METCALF,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant O. S. DEWEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Tenth Army Corps.

