
No. 308. Report of Lieutenant Henry Y. Wildey, Battery E, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of operations October 7.
HDQRS. BATTERY E, FIRST PENNSYLVANIA ARTILLERY,Chaffin's Farm, Va., October 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report in compliance with circular from your headquarters dated October 8, 1864:

I replied to the enemy's batteries that opened on our lines on the 7th instant, firing fifteen rounds. One horse was killed in my caisson camp; he was buried the same day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY Y. WILDEY,

First Lieutenant, First Pennsylvania Artillery, Commanding Battery E.

Lieutenant O. S. DEWEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Tenth Army Corps.

No. 309. Report of Captain Martin S. James, Battery C, Third Rhode Island Artillery, of operations October 7.
HDQRS. LIGHT CO. C, THIRD RHODE ISLAND ARTILLERY,Before Richmond, Va., October 9, 1864.

I have the honor to render the following report of the part my battery took in the engagement of the 7th instant:

My guns were in position on the front facing Chaffin's farm. When the engagement commenced I was ordered by the chief of artillery of Tenth Corps to turn my guns to the right and fire on the enemy's batteries. I fired with the three right pieces of my battery some 150 rounds. At about 1 p.m. I was ordered by a member of Major-General Birney's staff to place a section on the right near the houses. After firing a few rounds the enemy ceased firing. Afterward I moved the section forward and placed it in the works on the right of our lines. I expended throughout the day 175 rounds of ammunition.

I lost 3 men wounded and 5 horses killed during the engagement.

I would especially mention First Sergt. John F. Wyman, commanding the section which was principally engaged, for gallant and meritorious conduct.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN S. JAMES,

Captain Third Rhode Island Arty., Commanding Light Company C.

Lieutenant O. S. DEWEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty., Brigade, Tenth Army Corps.

No. 310. Reports of Lieutenant Redmond Tully, Battery D, First U. S. Artillery, of operations August 13-14 and October 7.

CAMP OF BATTERY D, FIRST U. S. ARTILLERY, August 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of Battery D, during your absence:

In accordance to Orders, No.-, headquarters Light Artillery Brigade, August 13, 1864, the battery reported to Brigadier-General Terry, commanding

