
had at the time, but on examining the battle-ground after the fight was over it was found that the fire of the battery was delivered with great precision and very good effect. Lieutenant Seaver, Third Rhode Island Volunteer Artillery, with the left section, was ordered to advance about 200 yards, in a corn-field, where the section opened fire on the enemy's artillery with good effect. The battery remained in position, under a heavy fire of the enemy's artillery, until about 10 a.m., during which time several men and horses were killed and wounded. The battery then moved about seventy-five yards to the right, in order to get out of range of the enemy's artillery, and again opened fire. At the same time Lieutenant Seaver's section was withdrawn, the cannoneers taking one piece off the field by hand, all the horses being killed. Lieutenant Seaver's section was then placed in position on the left of the battery. At 11 a.m. the enemy's artillery ceased firing and withdrew. Lieutenant Wheeler, with the right section, went into position on the road, on the right of the line of intrenchments.

During the engagement there were 729 rounds of ammunition expended. Both officers and men behaved with great bravery and coolness. Two wheels were disabled by the enemy's fire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TULLY,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant O. S. DEWEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Light Arty. Brigadier, Tenth Army Corps.

No. 311. Report of Lieutenant Joseph P. Sanger, Battery D, First U. S. Artillery, of operations August 15-20.

CAMP BATTERY D, FIRST ARTILLERY, August 21, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the part taken by Light Battery D, First Artillery, in the several recent engagements of the Tenth Army Corps, since the morning of August 15. Its previous participation in the operations of the expeditionary force sent over the James River, August 13, is explained by the accompanying report of Lieutenant R. Tully, First Artillery, respectfully inclosed:*

The battery having been assigned to the First Division, commanded by Brigadier-General Terry, moved at 9.30 o'clock on the morning of the 15th from Strawberry Plains, marching in rear of General Foster's brigade up the New Market road. The route, after leaving this road, lay in a direction nearly at right angles to it, and, crossing the Central road, extended as far as Fussell's Mill, on Four-Mile Run. At this point a portion of the Tenth Corps engaged the enemy. The battery being well in rear remained intact during the day, but toward evening, by your direction, was ordered into position near Hughes' house, between Hawley's brigade, of First Division, and Craig's brigade, of Second Division.+ Fire was opened upon the enemy's line at a distance

---------------

*See p. 787.

+Craig's brigade belonged to the Third Division, Second Army Corps.

---------------

