
October 3. - The brigade was removed from its position in line near the Aiken house and took up a position in the refused portion of the line, then just established, near Poplar Grove Church. The troops have been engaged most of the month in fortifying this and adjacent positions.

October 27 and 28. - The command took part in the reconnaissance in force near Hatcher's Run, losing during the operations an aggregate of 76 killed, wounded, and missing.

December 9. - The regiments that now compose this command, formerly known as part of the Provisional Brigade, Ninth Army Corps, left camp in the evening and bivouacked near Fort Stevenson that night.

December 10. - In the evening marched out on the Jerusalem plank road as far as Nottoway River. Remained there until General Warren's command recrossed the Nottoway, then marched back to their respective camps. The movement was to support General Warren's command while he was making a demonstration on the South Side and Weldon railroads.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

August 1. .- Occupied the trenches before Petersburg, Va., on the same ground which we occupied on July 31. Remained here until the 6th, when we were relieved by the First Brigade; moved to the rear and encamped in the field.

August 14. - Again moved to the front and relieved the First Brigade.

August 19. - At 4 a. m., having been relieved by troops from the Eighteenth Corps, marched with the division to re-enforce General Warren at the Yellow House, on the Weldon railroad. Arrived about 9 a. m., and participated in the engagement on that day. Loss in the brigade: 11 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 37 enlisted men wounded, and 3 enlisted men missing; aggregate, 52.

August 21. - Were in reserve during the engagement on the Weldon road, excepting the Sixtieth Ohio Infantry, which was on picket. The loss in the brigade was 1 enlisted man killed, 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 60 enlisted men missing; aggregate, 67.

August 25. - Marched at 3 p. m. to re-enforce General Hancock at Reams' station; did not arrive until after dark, when the fighting had ceased. Marched back the same night to the Williams house, and early next morning went into camp near the Gurley house.

August 27. - Relieved a portion of the Fourth Division on the line between the railroad and Jerusalem plank road, which we still occupy.

[September.] - This brigade was in position near Gurley's house, on the extreme left of the line; entrenched and built forts at different points along the left of the line.

September 25. - Moved from near Gurley's house, and reoccupied position between Forts Hays and Davis, the picket-line in close proximity with that of the enemy, with continual firing.

October 5. - This brigade moved from the position between Forts Davis and Alexander Hays, on the left of the Jerusalem plank road, and took position near Poplar Grove Church, Va.

October 27. - Moved out by daylight by Fort Cummings and occupied a line between the First and Second Divisions, Ninth Army Corps.

October 29. - We returned to the old encampment near Poplar Grove Church, with a loss of but 5 men wounded.

