
coolness under fire. To my mind they have established a reputation for good conduct in the discharge of arduous and dangerous duties, which has awakened in me so strong a feeling of confidence that I cannot but be proud of my command. I returned with the loss of 4 men and 8 horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. P. SANGER,

First Lieutenant, First Artillery, Commanding Light Battery D.

Lieutenant Colonel F. McGILVERY,

Chief of Artillery, Tenth Army Corps.

No. 312. Report of Captain Loomis L. Langdon, Battery M, First U. S. Artillery, of operations August 25.

CAMP LIGHT BATTERY M, FIRST U. S. ARTILLERY, August 27, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance to orders, I have the honor to report that the total number of rounds of ammunition fired from the guns of Light Battery M, First U. S. Artillery, in the engagement at the intrenchments near Hatcher's, Va., on the 25th instant, was ninety. By the fire from my guns I succeeded in driving the enemy from the rifle-pits, which were at the commencement of the action occupied by our pickets, and as far as I can ascertain, disabled one of their guns in the breast-works. The practice was splendid. No casualties.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. L. LANGDON,

Captain First U. S. Arty., Commanding Light Battery M, First Arty.

Lieutenant DEWEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Light Artillery Brigade.

No. 313. Report of Lieutenant John R. Myrick, Battery E, Third U. S. Artillery, of operations October 7.

CAMP OF LIGHT COMPANY E, THIRD U. S. ARTILLERY,

Laurel Hill, Va., October 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the lieutenant-colonel commanding, the part which my battery took in the action of yesterday, 7th instant.

I commenced firing with the two right sections of my battery at about 9 a.m., directing my fire at the enemy's artillery, and a little later the left section, Lieutenant Smith commanding, opened on the same point. The firing continued without any serious disaster to my pieces until just before the charge, when the limber of my second piece sent to the rear and distributed the cannoneers among the other pieces. I continued firing until the enemy's guns ceased.

