
and about 50 prisoners, including a lieutenant-colonel in command of the works. My loss in officers and men was quite heavy. Captain D. C. Rix, Eighty-first New York Volunteers, a very meritorious young officer, was killed just previous to emerging upon the open ground. The column had scarcely entered the works when the brave Brigadier-General Burnham was mortally wounded by a musket-ball in the bowels. He survived but a few moments.

During the events of the morning I had lost from my staff Captain M. B. Bessey, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry Volunteers, and acting assistant adjutant-general, by shell wound in leg; Captain L. N. Converse, Second New Hampshire Volunteers, and assistant provost-marshal, musket-ball in mouth, and Lieutenant W. J. Ladd, Thirteenth New Hampshire Volunteers, musket-ball in neck.

Moving with my Second Brigade, now commanded by Colonel M. T. Donohoe, and my Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel E. M. Cullen, Ninety-sixth New York Volunteers (Colonel Roberts having been relieved on account of severe illness), we drove the enemy successively from two lunettes which were thrown out from their main line of works at intervals of about 600 yards and compelled him to retire to his third and last remaining defense in this line of works. My First Brigde, meanwhile, now under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Raulston, Eighty-first New York Volunteers (Colonel Stevens having been severely wounded in the leg while leading his brigade in the assault-and I would here respectfully recommend that this officer be promoted for bravery and efficiency on the battle-field), remained in the captured work, throwing out a strong line of skirmishers toward the enemy's inner line of works, and to which his main body had retreated. The work which the enemy now held in his first line was situated directly on the river-bank, and was covered by the fire of one of his gun-boats, as well as by a field battery so stationed as to be able to take the work in reverse should it be captured. The work itself mounted three heavy guns, and in view of the serious loss which must follow an attempt to dislodge the party holding it, and the impossibility of holding it when captured, I withdrew my troops. The enemy, seeing the movement, which occurred just before sunset, followed up his supposed advantage, until I opened upon him from the battery on the hill with a half battery of light 12's belonging to the Third Regiment of New York Light Artillery. A few rounds of canister sent the pursuing party quickly to cover, and my troops were quietly withdrawn to Battery Harrison for better defense during the night.

During this movement Colonel Donohoe, Tenth New Hampshire, commanding brigade, and Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, One hundred and eighteenth New York, were both severely wounded-and here I have the honor to ask that these officers may receive promotion for highly meritorious conduct.

My casualties during the day's operation were heavy in proportion to the strength of the command. My field return for 28th of September gave 3,115 men for duty. One regiment (Fifth Maryland Volunteers) had been left in camp, reducing this number by 260 men. Of these I lost as follows: Commissioned officers-killed, 8; wounded, 36. Enlisted men-killed, 84; wounded, 466. Total, 92 killed and 502 wounded. Three hundred and thirty men were also reported missing, but as the enemy had made no captures from my command, and the command became somewhat mixed up during and immediately succeeding the assault, I think this number will be materially reduced, if not quite canceled. Lists, by name, of the killed and wounded have been duly forwarded to the proper authority.

