
[December.] - The Second Brigade was organized December 15, 1864, by command of Brigadier-General Hartranft. Colonel J. A. Mathews, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was assigned to its command same date. Brigade composed of Two hundred and fifth, Two hundred and seventh, and Two hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. No movement of any importance has occurred since its organization.

Fourth Division.

[August.] - The division occupied the trenches on the left of the Ninth Corps line until the 19th instant.

August 21. - Moved toward the Weldon railroad and took up a position on the right of the Ninth Corps, connecting with Mott's division, of the Second Corps. Remained until the 27th, when the division was withdrawn from the front and placed in reserve by the Gurley house, where it is now encamped.

Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

[August.] - This brigade was in the trenches on the left of the Ninth Army Corps until the 6th, when we moved to the rear.

August 9. - Moved into the trenches again, where we remained until the 19th. Colonel McAllister's brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps, then relieved us. We moved to the rear and remained for the night.

August 20. - Moved into the former encampment of the Regular Brigade, Fifth Army Corps.

August 21. - Moved at 10 a. m. to the left, and occupied about a mile of the line, and commenced throwing up earth-works in front of the Aiken house, where we remained until the 27th, when the brigade moved to the Gurley house, in rear of Fifth Army Corps, where it lies [August 31] in the lines facing south.

Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

August 1. - General Gregg in command of corps; Colonel Gregg commanding division; Colonel William Stedman, Sixth Ohio, commanding First Brigade; Brigadier-General Davies received twenty days' leave; Colonel M. Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania, commanding Second Brigade; brigades picketing left and rear of army.

August 2 and 3. - Quiet; headquarters near Prince George Court-House.

August 4. - Moved to Jerusalem plank road.

August 5. - Occupy line left by Third Division; right on infantry and left on General Kautz.

August 6. - Moved headquarters to Birchett's, on Fort Powhatan road.

August 7. - Quiet.

August 8. - Moved headquarters; General Gregg resumed command of division.

August 9. - Broke camp and moved to near Prince George Court-House.

August 10. - Quiet.

August 11. - Second Brigade relieved on picket by First Brigade.

August 12. - Orders to move; General Kautz relieves division on left of the infantry.

