
Numbers 322. Report of Brigadier General Adelbert Ames, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations August 5.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., August 6, 1864.

MAJOR: In pursuance of instructions from corps headquarters I have the honor to render the following report of operations in the front of our command:

About 6.30 p.m. an explosion was observed to have taken place on the left of our line. I immediately hastened to the point and ascertained that the enemy had exploded a mine about forty yards in front of the extreme left of our advanced line, and immediately upon the explosion delivered a volley of musketry toward the breast-works, which was returned by some shots from our line, and was followed by considerable cannonading, both on the part of the enemy and our own troops. The explosion resulted in no injury to our line, and produced no alarm among the troops. I am of the opinion that the design of the enemy was either to frustrate some supposed mining operations on our part or to effect a lodgment in advance of their present line. After a cannonading of some half an hour's duration everything became quiet, and the reserves, which had been ordered forward, were relieved.

A list of casualties has been transmitted.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. AMES,

Brigadier-General.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 323. Report of Brigadier General Charles A. Heckman, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations October 27-28.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that pursuant to orders from corps headquarters, dated October 25, 1864, the Second and Third Brigades of my division were moved from the intrenched line at 6 a.m. on the morning of the 26th instant and massed in Cox's field, in rear of corps headquarters. At this point Colonel A. G. Draper, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, reported. At 5 a.m. on the 27th instant took up line of march, in rear of First Division, on the Kingsland road, marched to New Market road, thence by cross-roads to Darbytown, Charles City, and Williamsburg roads. Proceeding along the Williamsburg road, we soon came upon the enemy strongly posted behind their fortifications. At once ordered Colonel Ripley, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, and Colonel Draper, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, to form line of battle on

---------------

*Shows 1 officer and 5 men killed and 1 officer and 7 men wounded.

---------------

