
August 13. - Division marched to Appomattox, and crossed at Point of Rocks, marching all night toward James River.

August 14. - Crossed to north side about 2 a. m., and moved out on the right of Second Corps on New Market road; skirmished with the enemy at Gravel Hill; drove him back and occupied Charles City road; Second Brigade had a severe skirmish with the enemy near Deep Creek, and drove them away, occupying their barricades; command bivouacked on Charles City road.

August 15. - A portion of the First Brigade skirmished with the enemy at intersection of Charles City and Quaker City roads.

August 16. - The command moved out at 4 a. m.; First Brigade left in position near New Market road; Second Brigade moved out and attacked the enemy on Deep Creek and drove him from his works, and, in conjunction with General Miles, made a reconnaissance to near White's Tavern, driving the enemy to that point; in a charge by the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry the rebel General Chambliss was killed; reconnaissance successful; found the enemy in force; fight ensued in covering the rear of the infantry; returned to Deep Creek, fighting. The brigade of infantry under General Miles was relieved and returned to command; fought at Deep Creek; were driven across and took position on the right of infantry, and barricaded the various roads and placed dismounted men behind them.

August 17. - Picketing on right of infantry on Deep Creek and Charles City road; First Brigade at intersection of Charles City and White Oak Swamp roads. The enemy made an attack and were driven back. They attacked the First Brigade, which was driven back; retook the ground and re-established line; General Gregg authorized to communicate with General W. H. F. Lee about the burial of rebel General Chambliss.

August 18. - Quiet; picketing on right of infantry.

August 19. - Quiet; First Brigade ordered to report to General Meade on the south side of the river.

August 20. - Colonel Smith, First Maine, returned from sick leave and took command of the Second Brigade; enemy in front on Deep Creek. At 9 p. m. headquarters and Second Brigade moved to James River, leaving out pickets; marched all night. Reached camp near Prince George Court-House at daylight on the 21st and marched to Jerusalem plank road; thence to Weldon railroad, on the left of the Fifth Corps; roads very heavy; joined by First Brigade.

August 22. - Made a reconnaissance to Reams' Station; covered left and front of infantry, who were destroying the railroad.

August 23. - Leaving a regiment on Wyatt road and one on Dinwiddie Court-House road, the remainder of the division took position at Reams' Station; enemy reported advancing; division moved out, met and whipped him.

August 24. - Quiet; protecting infantry, who were at work destroying railroad.

August 25. - First Brigade took position at junction of Dinwiddie and Reams' Station roads; Second Brigade picketing and in reserve on left of infantry, who formed in line of battle. The vedettes and pickets were driven in and the enemy (Hill's corps of infantry and Hampton's division of cavalry) advanced in line of battle; second Brigade was dismounted and placed behind works on left of infantry; the infantry were driven; cavalry was ordered to the rear and mounted and covered rear of infantry; formed picket-line on left of infantry from near Wood's Shop and to Jerusalem plank road.

6 R R - VOL XLII, PT I

