
The total number of wounded in the regiment since its organization has been 21 officers, 382 men; of the men returned as deserters none are known to have deserted to the enemy.

At this date, December 16, there are borne upon the rolls of the regiment 10 officers and 367 men, the gain arising from recruits received from depot since October 7.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. PICKETT,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry.

Brigadier General WILLIAM SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General Massachusetts.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John B. Murray, One hundred and forty-eighth New York Infantry, of operations October 27.
HDQRS. 148TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Fort Harrison, Va., October 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance to request, I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 26th instant this regiment was transferred from the First Brigade to the Third Brigade of this division, and marched to Cox's farm and bivouacked until 5 o'clock on the morning of the 27th. We then marched to Deep Bottom, from thence to Williamsburg road, which road we struck nine miles west of Bottom's Bridge and half a mile south of Fair Oaks Station. We then moved up the Williamsburg road three-quarters of a mile, and there formed in line of battle on the south side of the road in rear of the Second Brigade of this division, with the Eighty-ninth New York on our right, and the Nineteenth Wisconsin on our left. A charge was immediately ordered. The regiment moved forward over the prostrate forms of the men of the Second Brigade of this division toward the enemy's redoubt commanding the Williamsburg road. After moving some twenty rods they struck the open plain within about 800 yards of the enemy's line of works. Here the opened upon us with musketry, whereupon the colonel commanding the brigade ordered the brigade to charge on the double-quick, which was immediately taken up and carried forward most enthusiastically by the men, until they reached a rise of ground about 400 yards of the enemy's works. Here they met a withering fire from musketry and artillery, from the front and both right and left flanks. The fire at this point staggered the men for a moment, but being enthusiastically cheered on by the officers of the command, they rallied with a yell and rushed forward to the slope under and within 150 yards of the enemy's redoubt. Here the line became so broken and cut up as to prevent its pushing forward any farther, and the men fell upon the ground for protection from the enemy's fire under cover such as the ground afforded. Here they remained until ordered to fall back, when some fifty of the regiment arose and retired to the line re-established by the colonel commanding brigade, at the brow of the hill. Here they waited until the wounded of the brigade within reach (or that it was possible to get at) were removed. After which the regiment fell back and formed a line in front of the Second Brigade, where we remained until about 8 o'clock in the evening, when we came off the ground and returned to near Fort

