
Harrison, Va., when we were transferred from the Third to the First Brigade, of this division, and ordered to report to the commanding officer at Fort Burnham, which we did.

Our loss as reported shows 84 men, viz, 1 killed, 19 wounded (brought off),and 64 missing. We lost one of our most efficient officers, Captain E. Darwin Gage. He had been with us in the early part of the campaign, was wounded in front of Petersburg on the 15th of June so severely that his life was despaired of for a long time, but having recovered from his wounds so far as to enable him to rejoin his regiment, he was with us on the day of the fight and commanded the regiment in the charge. His loss is severely felt and deeply mourned by the officers and men of this command. Among those who are known to be wounded of this regiment are 1 of the color bearers and 5 of the color corporals. The color bearer of the national colors being wounded in the head, the colors were taken and carried forward by one of the color corporals until he was wounded and fell with them at the place where the line stopped. Two more of the color corporals were wounded while endeavoring to bring off the colors. Our State colors were brought off by the bearer, Corpl. Harmon Van Vleck, he crawling on his hands and knees backward, and dragging them after him under a most terrific fire.

In conclusion, I would state that it is difficult to particularize the acts of gallantry performed by the officers and men of this command. Suffice it to say that each and every one of them seemed to vie one with the other in the performance of every duty required of them.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MURRAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel 148th New York Volunteers.

Captain OTTO PUHLMANN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 326. Report of Major Joseph C. Brooks, Ninth Vermont Infantry, Second Brigade, of operations September 29-October 7.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,Chaffin's Farm, Va,. October 8, 1864.*

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a complete list of casualties* in the Ninth Regiment Vermont Volunteer Infantry, since the advance of the Eighteenth Army Corps to the north side of James River, on the 29th ultimo.

I wish to take this opportunity to express my entire satisfaction with the conduct of the officers and men of this regiment. Notwithstanding many of the men were raw recruits, they all behaved with the greatest courage and gallantry. We left our old camp near Point of Rocks about 1 a.m. September 29, and crossed the James River at Aiken's Landing about daybreak. We then advanced about four miles to Chaffin's farm, when our brigade (Eighth Maine and Ninth Vermont) was ordered to charge one of the enemy's works. The Eighth Maine got entangled in a swamp, leaving the Ninth to accomplish the work unaided. We charged over a half mile, over very uneven ground,

---------------

*Embodied in return of casualties, p. 135.

---------------

