
covered with fallen timber and a thick growth of underbrush; but the line advanced steadily and carried the work in good style, capturing 2 pieces of artillery and about 50 prisoners, among them a lieutenant-colonel and major. We also drove the enemy from a line of rifle-pits connecting the captured fort with other forts. The regiment was under fire during the entire day, and not a man but stood up to his work manfully. Vermonters have been tried on many fields and have never been found wanting, and you can rest assured the Ninth will prove itself worthy of being numbered among the gallant representatives of our noble little State. We yesterday received twenty-three more recruits, which gives us an aggregate number of 1,150 men.

While writing the above I learn unofficially that Second Lieutenant Calvin M. Jenkins died of his wounds while on his way to Fort Monroe.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. BROOKS,

Major, Commanding Ninth Vermont Volunteers.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Numbers 327. Report of Colonel Harrison S. Fairchild, Eighty-ninth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations October 27.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance to circular from headquarters Second Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, dated the 29th instant, I have the honor to report that this brigade, under my command, composed of Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel W. M. Lewis commanding; Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel R. M. Strong commanding; One hundred and forty-eighth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Murray commanding, left Cox's farm on the morning of the 27th instant and marched to the Williamsburg road, encountering the enemy near Fair Oaks, when I formed a line of battle and advanced upon their works. This brigade charged across an open field and got near the works, but was repulsed. We found the enemy too strong, and received an enfilading and direct fire of musketry and from six pieces of artillery. Having no support I was forced to retire. I held my position until I brought in all the wounded except those who had advanced near the works. It was impossible to get to them on account of the concentrated fire of sharpshooters.

Lieutenant Colonel W. M. Lewis, commanding Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel R. M. Strong, commanding Nineteenth Wisconsin, were both wounded-Colonel Strong supposed to be a prisoner. Captain E. D. Gage, commanding One hundred and forty-eighth New York Volunteers in the action, was taken from the field mortally wounded-since died.

I take pleasure in reporting the gallantry of both officers and men could do under such heavy fire, we, numbering about 700 men, coping with four times our number behind strong breast-works. I also make mention of my staff, Captain Otto Puhlmann, acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain Paul L. Higgins, acting assistant inspector-general,

