
Captain C. N. Cadwallader, acting provost-marshal, and Lieutenant Francis Burkhardt, acting aide-de-camp, all rendering me efficient service in the field. Captains Puhlmann and Higgins, although slightly wounded, did not leave the field. Lieutenant Francis Burkhardt, although having his papers for discharge in his pocket previous to this movement, was with me during the march and battle.

I wish particularly to mention the color bearer, Sergeant Smith, Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers. This servant, supposing he could not get to the rear, selected a place to bury his colors in case the enemy advanced and he taken prisoner. He succeeded in crawling out, dragging his colors after him, and restored them to the regiment. This is the third time in action he has brought the colors from the field after nearly all the color guard had been killed. If any man in the service has earned a medal it is this man. He made the assertion on the field that they could kill him or take him prisoner, but they could not have the colors.

I inclose herewith reports of regimental commanders, with lists of casualties attached.

I am, captain, yours, very respectfully,

H. S. FAIRCHILD,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain W. H. ABEL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 328. Report of Captain Frank W. Tremain, Eighty-ninth New York Infantry, of operations October 27-28.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-NINTH NEW YORK VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, Va., October 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your information the following report of the recent operations of this regiment, which are as follows:

On the morning of the 26th day of October this regiment was withdrawn from the trenches, and marched about one mile in the direction of the pontoon bridge (which crosses the James River at Jones' Landing), when it was formed in column by division, cloud in mass, and its arms stacked. Remained in that position until the morning of the 27th of October, when about 5 a.m. it took the line of march toward the left of the enemy's works, about 2 p.m. coming up to an intrenched position of the enemy. This regiment was formed in line of battle and ordered to charge the position, which we did, but were repulsed with great loss, the lieutenant-colonel commanding and one officer being severely wounded (the latter a prisoner), besides losing among the enlisted men many in prisoners and wounded, as you will observe by the list of casualties. Upon falling back and learning that the commanding officer was wounded and off the field, I immediately assumed command of the remnant of the regiment, and at dark, in obedience to order, withdrew and marched back, I should judge, about four miles, where we bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 28th instant took the line of march for our old position, where we arrived about 4 p.m. same day. I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. TREMAIN,

Captain, Commanding Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers.

Captain OTTO PUHLMANN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 18th Army Corps.

