
Numbers 329. Report of Major Samuel K. Vaughan, Nineteenth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations October 27-28.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH REGIMENT WISCONSIN VOLS.,In the Field, Va., October 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of 26th instant I received orders from brigade headquarters to march at a moment's notice, with three days' cooked rations. Moved out from fortifications soon after daylight and joined brigade in front of division headquarters. From thence moved a short distance below Dead Horse Corners and bivouacked during the day and following night. On morning of the 27th, at 5 a.m., moved with remainder of brigade and corps and marched in a northerly direction. Arrived in vicinity of Fair Oaks, near Richmond, about 2 p.m. Brigade formed line of battle and, pursuant to orders, moved forward at double-quick and charged the enemy's works, consisting of forts and intrenched lines. Charged close under the guns of forts and works, exposed to terrific fire. In crossing an open field half a mile wide, in front of the enemy's works, large numbers of our brave officers and men were seen to fall. About 5 p.m. the enemy charged out from their line of works and captured nearly all the command and regimental colors. After collecting such as escaped, numbering fifty enlisted men and one captain, received orders to fall back to Charles City road, and bivouacked there until 10 a.m. next day. Resumed march and arrived in our late camp at 5 p.m. October 28.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. K. VAUGHAN,

Major, Commanding Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers.

[Captain OTTO PUHLMANN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 330. Report of Colonel Alonzo G. Draper, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding Third Division, of operations October 27.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the First and Second Brigades of this division in the action of the 27th instant:

The First Brigade marched in the rear of the column as a reserve, under the command of Colonel John H. Holman, First U. S. Colored Troops. The Second Brigade had been temporarily detached from the Third Division and assigned to the Second Division, under command of Brigadier-General Heckman. When the First Brigade arrived on the Williamsburg road the head of the column was already engaged. The brigade was here formed into column by division, and the company of division sharpshooters, under command of Major Phillip Weinmann, Thirty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, were deployed as skirmishers on the right. Colonel Holman then received a written order from Major-General Weitzel to advance up the York River Railroad until he should arrive

