
did well so far as they knew how, never having any drill of any account. They did not know how to act, and their conduct might have been foreseen. On the fall of Colonel Kiddoo, who was wounded while the regiment was charging across the field, I assumed command, did all I could to urge the men forward, and in the retreat endeavored to check them, which I accomplished. After we had fallen back about 300 yards, the line being formed, those of the wounded who could not get off being carried to the rear, the regiment retreated in good order and without molestation to the position occupied on the Williamsburg road prior to the attempt on the rebel works. After a short rest the line of march was taken up toward Deep Bottom and continued until we reached the Darbytown road, where we bivouacked for the night.

On the 28th, by an easy march, the regiment returned to its former position near Fort Harrison.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. C. TERRY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant PROUDFIT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 333. Report of Colonel Alonzo G. Draper, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding Second Brigade, of operations September 29.

FIELD HOSPITAL, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

October 6, 1864.

GENERAL: On the morning of the 29th ultimo my brigade was massed in column in rear of the woods near Ruffin's house before day-break. We were directed to lie down and wait for further orders. After the Third Brigade had preceded us for half a mile or more I received an order to form line of columns and advance. We advanced immediately across the open field, leaving Ruffin's house on our left. On this field we received a skirmish fire from the woods. When nearly down to the ravine I received an order from Brigadier-General Paine to move my brigade to the right, as "we were getting the worst of it there." We immediately moved by the right flank and again by the left (by the proper evolutions), and formed at the ravine, where the troops lay down in line. We were here subjected to the fire of the New Market batteries, which did little damage. After lying here about half an hour I was ordered to form my brigade into line of double columns and assault the enemy's works in front. The Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops were to skirmish on our left. This they did for awhile, bud did not continue to the works. After passing about 300 yards through young pines, always under fire, we emerged upon the open plain with shouts, losing heavily. Within twenty or thirty yards of the rebel line we found a swamp which broke the charge, as the men had to wade the run or stream and reform on the bank. At this juncture, too, the men generally commenced firing, which made so much confusion that it was impossible to make the orders understood. Our men were falling by scores. All the officers were striving constantly to get the men forward. I passed frequently from the right to the left, urging every regimental commander to rally his men around the colors and charge.

