
August 26. - Occupied old line on left of infantry, commencing at Weldon railroad and ending at the river.

August 27. - Line maintained; enemy's cavalry picketing in front; General Gregg authorized to ask permission to bury our dead at Reams' Station; not acceded to; General Hampton replies, "The dead will be buried and the wounded properly cared for."

August 28. - The command between Gurley's house and Jerusalem plank road.

August 29. - Quiet.

August 30. - Position unchanged; Second Brigade inspected by special inspector of cavalry.

August 31. - Quiet; division received re-enforcements; division headquarters near Williams' house, on plank road. First Brigade, Colonel William Stedman commanding; Second Brigade, Colonel Smith commanding; all in vicinity of Jerusalem plank road; general court-martial in session.

September 1. - Quiet; division encamped in the vicinity of Williams' house, on Jerusalem plank road. General Gregg in command of division; Colonel William Stedman, Sixth Ohio, in command of First Brigade; Colonel C. H. Smith, First Maine, in command of Second Brigade.

September 2. - Reconnaissance made beyond Yellow tavern, on Weldon railroad, successful; returned in the evening.

September 3 to 9. - Eight companies of First District of Columbia Cavalry transferred from Kautz's division to the First Maine Regiment, of this division, by Special Orders, Numbers 283, Adjutant-General's Office, War Department, September 8, 1864.

September 10 to 13. - General Davies returned from sick leave: in command of First Brigade.

September 14. - Quiet.

September 15. - General Gregg on leave; General Davies in command of division during his absence.

September 16. - Rebel cavalry made a dash in our rear and captured a herd of cattle (2,500); division moved out to intercept them, and endeavored to recapture the cattle, but found the enemy strongly posted and in much superior numbers.

September 17. - Returned to camp.

September 19 to 24. - Quiet; nothing unusual occurring.

September 25. - General Gregg returned from leave and resumed command of division.

September 26. - First Brigade arrived at Prince George Court-House to extend picket-line.

September 27. - Quiet.

September 28. - Quiet; received orders to be ready to move out at 4 a. m.

September 29. - Moved out on Wyatt road across the Weldon railroad to its intersection with Vaughan road; met the enemy's cavalry in force and drove them.

September 30. - First Brigade made a reconnaissance to Armstrong's house, on telegraph road; engaged and drove back Dunovant's brigade of rebel cavalry, capturing among others his assistant adjutant-general.

October 1. - General Gregg in command of division; General Davies in command of First Brigade; Colonel C. H. Smith, First maine, commanding Second Brigade; division on Vaughan road. The First Brigade attacked by four brigades of rebel cavalry, which were gallantly repulsed; skirmishing kept up until dark.

October 2 and 3. - Quiet.

