
Numbers 334. Report of Lieutenant Wallace F. Randolph, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Acting Aide-de-Camp, Artillery Brigade, of operations October 27.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the morning of the 27th Lee's and Stitt's batteries of the Artillery Brigade, Eighteenth Corps, marched with the column of infantry under command of Major-General Weitzel. After proceeding as far as Fair Oaks the enemy's works were discovered to be about two miles beyond. At about 2 p.m., by direction of the major-general commanding, Stitt's battery (A), First Pennsylvania Artillery, was placed in position with one section on each side of the Williamsburg road and about 850 yards distant from the enemy's line, for the purpose of covering the advance of our troops. The battery kept up a rapid and well-directed fire upon the enemy, firing in all 523 rounds. Three of the guns were disabled by the breaking of the understraps, occasioned either by the severity of the recoil or the inferior quality of the iron used. The loss in Stitt's battery was 1 man killed and 5 wounded and 7 horses killed. Lee's battery (Sixteenth New York Independent) was then placed in position, slightly in rear of the ground occupied by Stitt's battery and on the right of the Williamsburg road, but was not engaged, and was shortly after withdrawn.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALLACE F. RANDOLPH,

First Lieutenant Fifth Artillery, Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Lieutenant F. W. PAUL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery Brigade.

Numbers 335. Reports of Brigadier General August V. Kautz, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, of operations September 16-17, October 7, and December 10.
HEADQUARTERS KAUTZ'S CAVALRY DIVISION,September 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith my report of the attack on the left of my line on the 16th instant, the subsequent pursuit, together with a list of casualties, and the reports of the brigade and regimental commanders:

On the morning of the 16th, about daylight, General Hampton made a general attack on the left of my line. He attacked simultaneously at points extending from right to left a distance of six miles. His force consisted of three divisions of two brigades each, each brigade consisting of three regiments, according to statements of prisoners. General W. H. F. Lee came up the Lawyer's road, intersecting the Powhatan stage road near Rollins' house. General Hampton, with Rosser's division, came up the road leading south from Sycamore Church and

