
Command.	Killed	Wounded	Missing	Total.

First Brigade:

5th Pennsylvania Cavalry a	 10	 25	 124	 159

3rd New York Cavalry b	 4	 9	 37	 50

Second Brigade:

11th Pennsylvania Cavalry	 2	 8	 27	 37

1st District of Columbia	 1	 3	 7	 11

Cavalry

1st New York Mounted	 -	 1	 -	 1

Rifles

Light Battery B, 1st U. S.	 -	 5	 6	 11

Artillery c

Light Battery, 4th	 1	 3	 1	 5

Wisconsin

Total*	 18	 54	 202	 274

a One captain wounded; 1 man since dead; 10 of the missing known to be wounded.

b One captain wounded and missing; 4 men missing known to be wounded.

c One lieutenant wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the James.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY OF THE JAMES,December 13, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit my report of the operations of the Cavalry Division on the 10th instant, with the report of the brigade commanders.

Early on the morning of the 10th instant the pickets of the Third Brigade, Colonel Evans, First Maryland Cavalry, commanding, were driven in from the Darbytown road, at Johnson's farm, directly in front of the enemy's intrenchments. The pickets were not followed, but they reported that the enemy were in force on the road and were moving heavy columns down the road toward out right. Soon after, the report from the First Brigade, commanded by Colonel West, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, indicated that the enemy was advancing in force down that road. Colonel West had previously been instructed, in case of the enemy's advance, to use all his available men for the purpose of holding the intrenched position in front of Signal Hill and detain the enemy as long as possible. Lieutenant-Colonel Stratton, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding the Second Brigade temporarily, was directed to support his picket-line with all his command, numbering about 500 men. His line extended from near Fussell's Mill to the extreme right, and were not disturbed except one or two posts near the mill; he, however, engaged the enemy's skirmishers during the day in front of Fort Holly. Colonel Evans was directed to watch his opportunity and replace his picket-line as soon as he could. There was now, after these dispositions, nothing more to do, so far as my command was concerned, except to wait the development of the enemy's designs. General Terry, who had the command early in the day, was personally cognizant of all these arrangements. The enemy were compelled to advance slowly, owing to the bad weather, the nature of the ground, and the resistance with which they were met, and they did not get sight of our intrenchments until afternoon. Colonel West's position was one chosen

---------------

*But see revised statement, pp. 145, 146.

---------------

