
lery I had), a detachment of the Twentieth New York Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, and the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Kleintz. The cavalry force I will state to have been 550, approximately, actually engaged. One man to every four horses had been sent to the rear. The force opposing us was Field's division of Longstreet's corps.

My loss was 5 men killed, 2 officers and 16 men wounded, and 18 men missing, all of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

We captured 1 officer and 7 men. Information gathered from citizens outside induces me to the belief that the enemy's loss fully equaled our own. We buried 3 of his dead after he had retired. Among our wounded is Captain Gallisath, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who, the surgeons say, will lose a leg. This I regret as a public misfortune as well as a serious loss to the regiment. In the conduct of the officers and men I have no special exceptions to make. All did their duty well.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROB. M. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major THEODORE H. SCHENCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 337. Report of Colonel George W. Lewis, Third New York Cavalry, of operations September 6.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW YORK CAVALRY,In the Field, near Prince George Court-House, September 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of orders received from your headquarters yesterday afternoon, I proceeded with my command to Sycamore Church. Arriving at that point after nightfall, I bivouacked. At daybreak this morning I proceeded to reconnoiter the ground in front of the First District of Columbia line of pickets, between Sycamore Church and Cocke's Mill, and two miles on the left of the line from Cocke's Mill toward Fort Powhatan and Wilcox's Landing. I saw nothing of the enemy except at a point one mile to the left and two miles in advance of Sycamore Church, where five mounted men were discovered. They took to the woods and I was unable to find them. I arrived back to camp at 1 p.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. LEWIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain J. ALMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 338. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Ferris Jacobs, jr., Third New York Cavalry, of operations September 16-17 and October 7.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW YORK CAVALRY,In Field, Mount Sinai Church, Va., September 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that about daybreak on the morning of the 16th instant a force of the enemy's cavalry, in pursuit

