
October 4. - The command returned to its old camp on Jerusalem plank road and re-established picket-line.

October 5 to 10. - Quiet; in camp. The Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry reported for duty and assigned temporarily to Second Brigade.

October 11 to 18. - A third brigade, organized by authority of major-general commanding Army of the Potomac, composed of the Twenty-first Pennsylvania and First Maine Cavalry, transferred from the First to the Third Brigade; Colonel C. H. Smith in command of the Third Brigade.

October 25. - Quiet.

October 26. - At 3 p. m. command moved out and concentrated in the vicinity of Perkins' house and bivouacked.

October 27. - At 4 a. m. moved out on left of Second Army Corps on Quaker road; skirmished with the rebel cavalry and drove them back and joined the Second Army Corps, which was engaged with the enemy on Boydton plank road, at Hatcher's Creek; division attacked in rear by the rebel cavalry in force. Our line held its ground. The enemy retired after darkness set in.

October 28. - Returned to old camp on Jerusalem plank road and re-established picket-line.

October 29 to 31. - Quiet;; nothing unusual occurred.

November 1. - General Gregg in command of division; Colonel M. Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania cavalry, commanding Second Brigade; Colonel C. H. Smith, First Maine Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.

November 2 to 6. - Quiet.

November 7. - Division moved out at 8 a. m. on reconnaissance toward Stony Creek.

November 8 and 9. - Quiet.

November 10. - Quiet; Colonel J. I. Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, returned from absence on account of wounds received in action, and assumed command of Second Brigade.

November 11 to 20. - Quiet; scouting parties sent out almost daily.

November 21 to 30. - Quiet; nothing unusual occurred; pickets harassed very much by guerrillas and bushwhackers.

December 1. - At 4 a. m. the division moved out toward Stony Creek station via Lee's Mill and Jerusalem plank road, and after the destruction of the station and a portion of the railroad the command started on return march, First Brigade in rear. The enemy's cavalry made several attacks on the rear guard (First New Jersey), which were gallantly repulsed. Arrived in camp same night about 11 p. m.

December 2 to 6. - Quiet.

December 7. - At 4 a. m. the division, with the exception of two regiments, left to guard camp and picket, marched out on Jerusalem plank road in advance of the Fifth corps and bivouacked near Sussex Court-House.

December 8. - About daybreak the command resumed the march toward Jarratt's Station, Weldon railroad, and bivouacked at that point.

December 9. - At 4 a. m., taking the Belfield road, the division marched to Three Creeks, First Brigade in advance, and found the enemy posted on the south bank of that stream, with two field pieces in position, with which they opined fire on our column. The Tenth New York Cavalry (First Brigade) was dismounted, crossed, and drove the enemy from their position, when the First New Jersey (First Brigade) crossed, mounted, and forced them to fall back on their works in front

