
Corps, and Captain Dern falling back and occupying, with his reserve of about thirty men, the work upon the extension of the right of the work held by the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Here Captain Dern continued for a short time to resist the enemy (then advancing in line of battle about 2,500 or 3,000 strong), but was shortly compelled to retire within the main line of works, which he did across an open field under a heavy fire and with slight loss. Reforming his line the enemy advanced in three lines of battle, moving directly through the ravine upon a redoubt held by a section of the Fourth Wisconsin Battery, supported by two reserve squadrons of the Third New York Cavalry in line, mounted. I was then ordered by the general to dismount these squadrons and post them in a ditch lying along the road and upon the left of the redoubt mentioned. After the enemy had reached the ravine, the section, in charge of a sergeant, limbered up and retired. When the first line of the enemy emerged from the ravine my line opened fire, when about 200 of the enemy ran forward, throwing down their guns, with loud cries of "Deserters!" The enemy being then within a few yards of my line, I withdrew it to the redoubt upon the road and again commenced firing, the rebels who had thrown down their arms having resumed them upon being fired upon by the line behind them. While in the redoubt I soon perceived that another column, which had driven the Second Brigade back into the sorghum, upon which my right and rear, were directing their fire into the redoubt, upon which I withdrew past division headquarters to the woods beyond, where I attempted to make a stand and failed. After a variety of vicissitudes I assembled my regiment in front of the line of works occupied by Terry's division, and reported to the colonel commanding the brigade at the signal tower on the right of the line.

My casualties* (so far as known) in this engagement are as follows, viz: Lieutenant Gregory, Company H, wounded slightly; Lieutenant Stahler, Company C, wounded and missing; Lieutenant Leyden, missing, men killed, 3; wounded and missing, 2; missing, 30; horses missing, 49.

And I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. JACOBS, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third New York Cavalry.

Captain ALMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Kautz's Cav. Div.

Numbers 339. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Kleintz, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations August 10-14 and October 7.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,In the Field, August 14, 1864.

Pursuant to instructions from your headquarters, I left camp with my command and proceeded to Fort Powhatan, arriving there on the evening of the 10th instant, and reported to the commanding officer, and procuring from him a guide, left for Cabin Point on the morning of the 11th with telegraph repaired. Arriving at Cabin Point, I sent a squadron to communicate with the gun-boats at Low Point and Claremont, if possible, who returned unsuccessful. I have sent a

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 145.

---------------

