
squadron with the telegraph repairer to Swan Point, and found the telegraph wire cut on this road about five miles from Cabin Point. While the squadron was operating on this road I sent a squadron toward the Blackwater, who discovered, about three miles from Cabin Point, four of the enemy's scouts; pursued them for two miles through the woods and by-roads, without effecting their capture. Another detachment was sent out on the Surry road for several miles without discovering any appearance of the enemy. The wires being repaired my command returned to Fort Powhatan on the 12th. On arriving there, the commanding officer informed us that the wire had been cut since our return. A telegram was sent to the commanding general of the Department of Virginia and North Carolina, stating that the command was without rations and forage, which was replied to by Colonel Shaffer, chief of staff, directing us to return and repair the wire, and, if possible, capture the scouts and bring in all men found in that vicinity able to walk. I returned to Cabin Point on the same day; sent 120 men under Captain Faith from Brandon Church, about four miles from the fort, in the direction of the Blackwater, scouting all the roads within ten miles of Cabin Point in a southwesterly direction. I repaired the wire at Cabin Point, and, with the rest of my command, I again scouted all the roads from Cabin Point toward Surry Court-House, Blackwater, and Swan Point. Engaged in scouting the country until near midnight, when the command concentrated at Adams' Mills, near Brandon Church, where we bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 13th I sent Captain Faith's squadron to Fort Powhatan, at the same time sending Captain Reinmuller with his squadron to Cabin Point. Taking sixty men I proceeded on the Blackwater road for the purpose of entering the village of Cabin Point at the lower end, in order to act in conjunction with Captain Reinmuller entering the upper end of the village, and to capture, if possible, any of the enemy's scouts which might be in the vicinity. Not finding any of the enemy's scouts, and, in accordance with orders from Colonel Shaffer, brought in all white men able to walk found on the route, and delivered them to the commanding officer of Fort Powhatan, Colonel C. B. Phillips. Bivouacked for the night. Having carried out the instructions I received, I returned with my command to camp, arriving there at 11.30 a.m. this day.

With high respect, your very obedient servant,

CHRIS. KLEINZ,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Captain M. J. ASCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,In the Field, Va., October 10, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following operations of my regiment in the engagement of the 7th instant:

Firing was heard on the picket-line at about 7 a.m., which indicated an attack. I at once ordered all my men (with the exception of the proper detail to lead the horses) to the breast-works. About fifteen minutes after the picket-firing commenced the enemy (one regiment of infantry) appeared on my front, and attacked my line with great fury,

