
but were promptly repulsed. Shortly after this another regiment attacked the picket reserve of the Third York Cavalry, some distance from my extreme right, and drove them back. By this movement the enemy got on my right flank and rear, and I was obliged to charge front. The regiment, which was at first repulsed, now joined the one which had flanked me. Both regiments I held in check until the Third New York Cavalry, on my right, was again flanked and driven back, and finding myself nearly surrounded, I ordered my men to fall back. When near the woods I ordered a halt, in order to confront the enemy once more and to enable the men with the led horses to get off, but here again I found the enemy's cavalry on my left flank and in full charge. I found it hopeless to form the regiment under those circumstances, and directed my men to take to the right. Here it was that the regiment lost heavily in horses and men, the road being completely blockaded with the former. Inclosed please find the list of casualties.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHRIS. KLEINZ,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Colonel R. M. WEST,

Commanding First Brigade.

Reports of Colonel Samuel P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations August 21-26.
HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE, KAUTZ'S DIVISION,Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, August 22, 1864.

SIR: I this morning received instructions from Major-General Humphreys, and subsequently from Major-General Warren, to be relieved on the arrival of General Gregg, and to report with my command to General Kautz. At this hour, 9 a.m., General Gregg has not arrived. I have just seen one of his staff officers and hear that he is encamped on the plank road, and will be here before noon. I shall then draw in my picket, which will occupy two hours, and start; will try to get in to-night; if not, early to-morrow. Will you please notify my brigade quartermaster and commissary to send no more forage or rations. Yesterday afternoon I attacked another force at Reams' Station, drove him two miles, burned store-house, two large water-tanks, destroyed telegraph wires, pumps, &amp;c. Lieutenant Ring also, being detached by me, surprised a party on the Brent road and completely routed them, making some prisoners. The enemy withdrew from General Warren's front and flank about 9 o'clock last night, and the ground occupied by them is now vacant. Where they have gone to is a mystery; perhaps only a ruse.

With my best respects to the general, I remain, very respectfully,

S. O. SPEAR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain M. J. ASCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

53 R R-VOL XLII, PT I

