
advance. At this time, about 12.30 p.m., finding many of the men short of ammunition, I sent back for more, and directed those having a supply, including the detachment of the First District of Columbia, under Captain Griffin, and about 120 men of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Captain Monroe, to move into the ravine at the right of the fort, and, following it around to the front, endeavor to flank the enemy's position and drive him back. This movement, although well conducted, at first by Captain Griffin, who was noon brought off wounded, and afterward by Captain Monroe, proved but partially successful. The enemy was driven back tot he edge of the second ravine, but still commanded the slashing through which our men found it difficult to make their way. I did not deem it good policy or prudent to force the advance beyond the line now held. This movement on the right was supported by fifty infantry from the fort, who passed around by the left to the first small house already referred to. General Jourdan, who commanded this portion of the line, now directed me to remain in the position I held. Moderate firing was kept up with little effect on either side until 4 o'clock, when General Jourdan directed my men to be relieved with infantry. By his direction I then ordered my men back to their horses in the rear of the fort. About dark, judging from the movements of the enemy that he was retiring, I sent out a company to reconnoiter, but found them still in position. At 9 o'clock I made another reconnaissance and ascertained that he had left. I immediately re-established my picket-lines as they were at the commencement of the action, strengthened and extended on the left, where the pickets of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry had been in the morning. My right picket station was not disturbed during the day. At dark I went into bivouac in the snow and mud, and at noon on the 11th returned to camp.

I forwarded a report of casualties on the 10th.* All of the missing from the picket-line, except one, returned the next day, having escaped to the right of our line.

The enemy's force in my front I judge to have been two regiments or more, cavalry and infantry. His losses must have exceeded ours. Several are known to have been killed, besides some whose bodies were found on the field. Major Skelley, commanding the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Captain Griffin, commanding the First District of Columbia Cavalry, able seconded me in this affair. The latter was severely wounded while gallantly leading his men against the enemy. He was succeeded by Lieutenant Wonderly, who also did well. Captain Tripp, of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, was severely wounded while on the skirmish line. Captain Macnamara and Lieutenant Ford, of my staff, deserve mention for their coolness and efficiency.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN A. STRATTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Pennsylvania Cav., Commanding Second Cav. Brigadier

Major THEODORE H. SCHENCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kautz's Division.

---------------

*Same as reported by Kautz, p. 826.

---------------

