
of Belfield, from which they opened a heavy fire on our column. Skirmishing was kept up at this point until dark, when the command bivouacked.

December 10. - At 4 a. m. the command recrossed Three Creeks on the return march, the enemy harassing the rear.

December 11. - The division moved back in camp.

December 13 to 21. - General Gregg received leave of absence; General Davies commanding division.

December 22 to 31. - Quiet; command picketing left and rear from Jerusalem plank road to James River.

First Brigade, Second Division.

[August.] - The brigade was engaged in picket duty from the commencement of the month up to the 13th, when it moved across the James River in conjunction with the rest of the division, taking position on the left of the Second Corps; engaged the enemy near Malvern Hill, driving his cavalry from their breast-works, with but slight loss to the command; remained in position before the enemy for three days, being engaged each day. The division being relieved by the Tenth Corps, it (the First Brigade) recrossed the river and marched to the left wing of the army again, arriving and at once taking position on the left of the Fifth Corps, on the Weldon railroad.

August 20. - A heavy engagement ensued for the possession of the railroad held by us, but all the efforts of the enemy proved fruitless and he was driven back, with a heavy loss. The brigade was then engaged in working and protecting working parties in tearing up the railroad and rendering it perfectly useless for a considerable distance toward Reams' Station.

August 25. - Advancing beyond the station, on the Darbytown road, met the enemy in force and drove him until obliged to fall back by the breaking of the line of a portion of the Second Corps, on the right; engaged in picket duty at the end of the month.

[September.] - The brigade was picketing around the left of the army at the beginning of this month, and continued doing that duty without a change of headquarters until the 15th [16th], when the command moved down the Jerusalem plank road after a raiding party of the enemy that had been capturing our cattle; had quite a sharp fight toward night, but were obliged to withdraw on account of the superiority of numbers of the enemy; again settled down in the old camp and did picket duty until September 26, when this brigade moved to Prince George Court-House to extend our picket-lines; remained there one day, when the brigade again moved across the Weldon railroad and up the Wyatt road as far as the intersection of it with the Vaughan road; there met the enemy and drove him.

September 30. - Secured the Vaughan road in the morning, and the night of the same day made a reconnaissance to Armstrong's house, on the telegraph road, and there headed and turned Dunovant's brigade of rebel cavalry, capturing his assistant adjutant-general. The brigade returned to its division about 2 a. m. of October 1.

October 1. - The brigade was lying on the Vaughan road, having been there about forty-eight hours, and skirmished almost continually. About 10 a. m. commenced skirmishing heavily with the enemy, and continued so until about 3 p. m., when four brigades of the enemy's cavalry charged upon the brigade, and were gallantly repulsed. The

