
was at once to the general commanding the Tenth Army Corps. The pickets on the road leading from the right of the infantry to the Darby road were not disturbed by the enemy until after the cavalry had retreated, when they were withdrawn on the approach of a skirmish line of the enemy's infantry to Kell's house, where my whole command was in position. It was soon discovered that the enemy's cavalry had passed to my right and rear, and they appeared in some force at Cox's house, which was in rear of the right of our infantry line. This information was also sent to the commanding general of the Tenth Army Corps, and my command was withdrawn to the rifle-pits in front and to the right of the infantry line, and dismounted. This position was held by me against the enemy's dismounted cavalry until the infantry line was formed in my rear, and I was ordered to withdraw. The command was then ordered to the New Market road to act as support for the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, then on picket, and remained there until the morning of the 8th instant. The only casualty I have to report is one man slightly wounded.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Colonel First Mounted Rifles, New York State Vols., Commanding Regiment

Major THEO H. SCHENCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

Numbers 347. Report of Lieutenant Robert M. Hall, Battery B, First U. S. Artillery, of operations October 7.
HDQRS. HORSE BATTERY B, FIRST U. S. ARTILLERY,October 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Horse Battery B, First U. S. Artillery, under my command, in the battle of the 7th instant at Johnson's farm, Va.:

About sunrise, and as soon as skirmishing commenced, the battery was held in perfect readiness for action, the drivers "standing to horse," and the officers, non-commissioned officers, cannoneers, and horse-holders at their posts. In accordance with instructions from General Kautz, given three days before, I had thrown up two good earth-works close to each other (one for each section), in a very commanding position, between the right and center of the line, which were nearly completed, and which proved of great service in protecting men and horses. My part in the battle began by firing percussion-shell slowly into the woods, about 1,200 yards in my front, where the rebels were massing, and a few minutes afterward they opened a battery nearly opposite to the right section. About half an hour later the enemy's skirmish line emerged from the woods, slowly driving our dismounted cavalry, and opened another battery on my left. I increased the rapidity of fire, taking the ammunition from the caissons in order to reserve a full supply with the piece limbers, for fighting in retreat, using percussion and time fuse shell and changing to case-shot as the enemy drew nearer. The engagement had been very brisk for about half an hour from this time when the left gave way, Colonel West's brigade and three pieces of the Fourth Wisconsin Battery (one piece having left the field some time before moving hurriedly to the rear and exposing our left flank. The

