
they caught the spirit and importance of the occasion, and the zeal and enthusiasm with which they delivered the death-dealing canister with shouts of defiance; and I trust the general commanding the division will kindly remember that they detained a large portion of the enemy by a galling fire for full ten minutes after the other troops had left the by a galling fire for full ten minutes after the other troops had left the field (save Colonel Spear and a few dismounted cavalry), and perhaps contributed in some degree to weaken the subsequent attack on the Tenth Army Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. HALL,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Major THEODORE H. SCHENCK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Div., Army of the James.

Numbers 348. Report of Captain George B. Easterly, Fourth Wisconsin Battery, of operations August 1-September 30.

CAMP OF FOURTH WISCONSIN BATTERY HORSE ARTY.,

Near Jones' Landing, Va., October 20, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the Fourth Wisconsin Battery from August 1, 1864, to September 30, 1864:

August 1, the right section and Second Lieutenant D. L. Noggle was with the Cavalry Division on an expedition near the Weldon railroad; the two remaining sections were in camp at Jones' Landing, and on the 11th of August joined the right section near Light-House Point, on the James River. August 13, the battery marched to Prince George Court-House. August 26, moved camp near Petersburg, in rear of Ninth Corps.

September 16, the battery marched with Cavalry Division in pursuit of the enemy's cavalry that had captured a large cattle herd. September 17, returned to camp. September 27, broke camp and moved to Jones' Landing. September 28, marched at daylight to the suburbs of Richmond and in full view of the city. Were under a constant fire from the enemy's inner line of defenses, First Lieutenant M. McDevitt in command. Camped for the night 1,000 yards from the rebel works. September 29, the battery moved with the cavalry around Richmond in full view of the city and under the uninterrupted fire of the enemy. The right section (Lieutenant D. L. Noggle), detached with the Second Cavalry Brigade (Colonel S. P. Spear), moved on the Charles City road; engaged a small force of the enemy and drove them into the city; they approached within 800 yards of the main line of defenses and engaged them. During this fire Lieutenant Noggle elevated his guns and fired about 140 shell into the streets of Richmond, which were in plain view, it being the first and only time during the war that artillery has approached so near and fired into the rebel capital. September 30, the battery repulsed a cavalry charge of the enemy and at night moved to a position in the rear and distant four miles from Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. EASTERLY,

Captain, Commanding Fourth Wisconsin Battery Horse Artillery.

General August GAYLORD,

Adjutant-General, Madison, Wis.

