
Numbers 349. Report of Lieutenant Dorman L. Noggle, Fourth Wisconsin Battery, of operations October 7.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH WISCONSIN HORSE BATTERY,Near Jones' Landing, Va., October 9, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations by the Fourth Wisconsin Horse Battery in the engagement on the Darbytown road, October 7, 1864:

The battery was posted on the left of the Darbytown road, near the old breast-works, one section about twenty rods in rear and on the right of the road. As the attack was made on both flanks at the same time, my left section engaged the enemy on the left and in front, and the right section on the right and in front. After firing several rounds, the enemy continually advancing, I was compelled to retire with both sections. A again formed in battery about ten rods in rear of the position first taken by the right section, both sections united. We were again compelled to retire, as the enemy were on our right flank. Again we took position about fifteen rods in rear of the second position taken. Before taking our last position two of my pieces became temporarily unserviceable. I sent them to the rear. As the enemy were steadily advancing we were compelled to retire. Before leaving the field 4 of my men and several horses were wounded, 1 man mortally. After retiring a few rods the leading piece of the battery, which preceded me, became mired, delaying the column and giving the enemy time to come up with his main force. The enemy appearing on our left flank, I was ordered to abandon my pieces. I succeeded in getting some of my horses away, but lost most of my harness.

I sustained the following casualties: Lost 4 pieces and caisson, 45 horses, 24 sets of harness, 4 men wounded (1 mortally), and 1 missing.

The men all behaved well; I could not ask for better soldiers. Where all stood so well at their posts I do not desire to speak of individual cases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. L. NOGGLE,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Fourth Wisconsin Horse Battery.

Major THEODORE H. SCHENCK.

Numbers 350. Medals of Honor awarded for distinguished services under Resolution of Congress, Numbers 43, approved July 12, 1862, and section 6 of Act of Congress, approved March 3, 1863.

Name.	Rank and	Date.	Awarded for-

organization.

1864.

Anderson,		Private, Company			August 		Capture of battle-flag of 27th South

Frederic C...		A, 18th	21					Carolina at Weldon

Massachusetts					Railroad, Va.

Infantry

First Lieutenant,			September	For gallant

Appleton,		4th U. S. Colored	29				conduct at New

William H		Troops						Market Heights,

Va.

Sergeant, Company		September

Archer, Lester		E, 96th New York	29.				Gallantry in

I		nfantry						placing the colors

of his regiment on

Battery Harrison,

Sergeant, Company				near Richmond, Va.

Brown, Charles		C, 50th				August

Pennsylvania			19		Capture of flag of

Infantry						47th Virginia at

Private, Company					Weldon Railroad.

Bradbury,		F, 10th New

James [James		Hampshire Infantry		September

Brady]			Corporal, Company		29		Capture of flag at

Blucher,	H,		 188th						Chaffin's Farm,

Charles			Pennsylvania			September		near Richmond, Va.

Infantry

29		Planting first

national colors on

the fortifications

at Fort Harrison,

near Richmond, Va.

