
fighting continued until dark, and several other charges were made by the enemy, all of which were repulsed with heavy loss, while the loss of the brigade was slight.

October 2. - Established a picket-line beyond the field of the day before.

October 4. - The command moved back to its old camp on the Jerusalem plank road, and re-established the picket-lines previously held by this division, from the plank road to the James River. Continued doing picket duty until the 26th, when the brigade moved to the Weldon railroad; encamped for the night.

October 27. - Covered the rear of the division until arriving at the intersection of the Vaughan road with the military road, when at attack was made on our column by the enemy, but was easily repulsed by the First Pennsylvania and Tenth New York Cavalry. The brigade then followed on after the division, the First Pennsylvania Cavalry covering the rear and skirmishing with the enemy; crossed Gravelly Run and encamped near the Boydton plank road, and formed a picket-line covering the rear and left flank of the division.

October 28. - The command withdrew from its advanced position, this brigade covering the rear, and returned to its former camp without any event of importance, and resumed its old picket-line.

October 29. - The brigade broke camp near the Jerusalem plank road, and moved to the Norfolk railroad, about five miles from Petersburg, where it is at present [October 31] encamped.

November 1. - The brigade was encamped near McCann's Station, on the Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad.

November 7. - In connection with the division a reconnaissance was made down the Jerusalem plank road in the direction of Stony Creek, driving in the enemy's pickets, capturing a few; the command returned to camp the same night, without loss.

November 17. - The brigade moved camp from McCann's Station, about a quarter of a mile to the Westbrook house, where it is now encamped. The brigade has been engaged during the month in picket and scouting duty.

December 1. - The brigade broke camp and took up its line of march in rear of the Second Brigade, and moved toward Stony Creek Station via Lee's Mill and Jerusalem plank road. The brigade arrived and massed at Duval's Station, on the Weldon railroad. About 12 m., after the destruction of Stony Creek Station by the Second Brigade, the column commenced to fall back, this brigade taking the rear. The Tenth New York Cavalry skirmished with the enemy and then retired through the lines of the First New Jersey Cavalry, which covered the rear of the brigade, held in check and repulsed several charges of the enemy, while the remainder of the brigade recrossed the Nottoway River. The brigade then returned to camp without any further molestation of the enemy.

December 7. - The brigade again broke camp and massed with the other brigades of the division and a column of infantry under Major-General Warren, on the Jerusalem plank road, and marched in rear of the Second Brigade to Sussex Court-House, where it bivouacked for the night. At an early hour this morning the march was resumed, with this brigade in the advance and the First New Jersey Cavalry as the advance guard. The command arrived and encamped at Jarratt's Station, on the Weldon railroad, about dark. At 4 a. m. the next day the column marched, taking the Belfield road, this brigade in the advance and the Tenth New York Cavalry in the extreme advance.

