
Three divisions of enemy report still in position fortifying where repulsed last evening near Davis' house, on Weldon railroad. I will endeavor to-day to dislodge him with four brigades of our infantry and the division of cavalry you have promised. Result would be more certain with a stronger force of infantry. Signal station reports just now one brigade of infantry, 100 wagons, and forty-nine ambulances passing toward our front on military road in rear of Battery 5.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General R. E. LEE,

Chaffin's Bluff.

DUNN'S HILL, August 20, 1864-6.45 a.m.

General Hill attacked yesterday afternoon enemy's Fifth Corps, under Warren, at Davis' house, on Weldon railroad, three miles from city, defeating him and capturing about 2,700 prisoners, including 1 brigadier-general and many field officers. Losses on both sides in killed and wounded not yet reported. Believed not to be great on ours. Brigadier-General Clingman was unfortunately wounded in the leg.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

General.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 353. Report of Brigadier General William N. Pendleton, C. S. Army, Chief of Artillery, Army of Northern Virginia, of operations August 10-December 31.
HDQRS. ARTY. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 28, 1865.

COLONEL: *

About August 10, General Fitzhugh Lee's division of cavalry having received orders to join General Early in the Valley, Johnston's and Shoemaker's batteries marched with the division, Captain Johnston in command, Major Breathed having been wounded in a skirmish on June 29. This force reached Front Royal on August 14, and henceforward participated in General Early's campaign. Nothing material occurred on the Petersburg line until August 18. On that day Brander's battery, Pegram's battalion, accompanied Heth's division and was warmly engaged in an attack upon the enemy at the Davis house, on the Weldon railroad. The next day Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram was sent with three of his batteries to co-operate with Generals Heth and Mahone inn another attack at the same point. His battalion again participated on the 21st in an attack at Poplar Spring Church. Again on the 24th Colonel Pegram was directed with Brander's and Cayce's batteries, of his own battalion, Ross', of Lane's, and sections of Hurt's and Clutter's, of McIntosh's to accompany the column sent to attack the enemy at Reams' Station, on the Weldon railroad. Success was marked on this occasion, and due in no small degree to the efficiency of Colonel Pegram and the good conduct of his officers and men.

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 1036, and Vol. XL, Part I, p. 755.

---------------

