
From September 14 to 30 Hart's and McGregor's batteries, and Graham's previously connected with General Beauregard's command, participated in several spirited affairs of the cavalry on our right flank, under command of General Hampton. Desultory skirmishing continued along the lines during this month and the following with no further movement of importance till September 29. On that day the enemy commenced more vigorous operations on the north side of James River, and succeeded in carrying, chiefly by surprise, a commanding salient of our works, known as Fort Harrison, not far from Chaffin's Bluff. To meet this advance of the enemy, forces were promptly moved from Petersburg. Major Johnson, of McIntosh's battalion, marched the same evening in command of Clutter's battery, of his own battalion, and the Fredericksburg Artillery, of Pegram's battalion, and the next morning Haskell's battalion moved also to co-operate with the troops north of the James. General Alexander accompanied the expedition to command the artillery. Lieutenant-Colonel Hardaway, commanding his own battalion, and Major Stark's, previously of Lieutenant-Colonel Pemberton's command, reported at once to General Alexander. The field artillery on that line had been left in his charge, when Colonel Carter repaired under orders on September 2 to General Early's army in the Valley as his chief of artillery in place of General Long, disabled by sickness. These battalions (Hardaway's and Stark's, Haskell's and Johnson's) constituted an effective artillery force for operations on that front. Hardaway's and Stark's battalions co-operated as far as practicable, though, from the nature of the ground and the course of the lines and the position of the enemy, they could accomplish but little in the unsuccessful attempt to recover Fort Harrison on the 30th; and in the attack, resumed for the same purpose on October 1 Haskell's guns were added to them and posted as favorably as possible, Lamkin's company, experienced in mortar practice at Petersburg, having charge of a number of mortars. The attack being abandoned and defensive measures resumed, Johnson's and Haskell's guns were posted for use as occasion might arise. Lamkin's mortars remained, as they have done ever since, in position bearing on Fort Harrison. While these occurrences transpired on the lines below Richmond active movements were also going on upon the right of our line below Petersburg. Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram, with Brander's and Ellett's batteries, participated in an attack made by Heth upon the enemy's left. On the following day (October 1), with Brander's and Cayce's batteries, he again took part in the combined attack of Heth and Wilcox. Colonel Pegram warmly commends Captain Brander and Lieutenant Hollis, commanding these batteries, for their gallantry and efficiency on this occasion. On the day succeeding (2nd) the enemy, attacking Heth's line, was effectually repulsed by the vigorous co-operation of Ellett's battery with the infantry, Cayce's and Gregg's batteries also assisting from their respective positions. On October 8 [7] Haskell's and Johnson's battalions, north of James River, shared in the repulse of the enemy by our troops on the Darbytown and New Market roads, and performed their part with accustomed energy and success. On this occasion Major Haskell, narrowly escaping with his life, received a grazing wound on the head from a minie-ball, and Lieutenant McQueen, of one of his batteries (Garden's), was severely wounded.

Haskell's battalion, under Captain Garden, was again slightly engaged on the 12th [13th] in repelling feeble attacks of the enemy. Corporal Fulsher, of Flanner's battery, performed on this occasion a service deserving of special mention to his honor. Explosion having occurred

