
At Three Creeks the enemy were found posted on the southwest bank with two small pieces of artillery. The Tenth New York Cavalry were dismounted and directed to cross the stream and drive them from their position, which they did. The First New Jersey Cavalry were then sent across mounted to relieve the Tenth New York. This regiment, after relieving the Tenth New York, made a mounted charge and drove the enemy into their works in front of Belfield, from which they operated upon our column with artillery, the number of pieces being variously estimated from nine to fourteen. The First New Jersey, having been dismounted, were soon hotly engaged with the enemy. The First Pennsylvania and Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry were dismounted and sent in on the right, where they did excellent service. The First Massachusetts and Tenth New York Cavalry were dismounted and brought up to act as reserve. The brigade held its position until after dark, when it was ordered to retire and bivouac for the night, leaving one regiment, the Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry, to picket the front. At daylight the column retired across Three Creeks stream, the First brigade covering our rear. On our return the enemy were encountered at Jarratt's Station, but were quickly driven away by the Tenth New York Cavalry. The next day the command retired to its camp near the Westbrook house, and continued doing picket and scouting duty the balance of the month.

Second Brigade, Second Division.

FIRST MAINE CAVALRY.

The work performed by the regiment during the month of August has consisted chiefly in picketing on the left and in rear of the army; the expedition across the James River in co-operation with the Second and Tenth Corps, and in scouting and picketing the roads from the left of the Fifth corps to below Reams' Station, while the Second Corps was destroying the railroad. The regiment has done no very heavy marching, but its work has been constant and very wearing to men and horses. The regiment has been on picket ten days during the month, supporting a line from three to five miles in length. It has marched six days and been in camp fifteen. Much of the time spent in camp has been in close proximity [to the enemy],

requiring the horses to be saddled and allowing but little rest to the officers and men. It has been actively engaged six times during the month, involving a loss to the regiment of 49 men killed and wounded, and 1 missing, and 21 horses killed, 44 wounded, and 10 lost. The following are the most important movements in which the regiment has been engaged during the month:

August 13. - Broke camp near Prince George Court-House at 4 p. m., with four days' rations and two days' forage; marched all night, crossing the Appomattox at Point of Rocks and the James river near Deep Bottom.

August 14. - Took position on the right of the infantry, and were employed during the day in scouting the country between New Market and Charles City roads. A small reconnoitering party advanced within half a mile of White's Tavern. The regiment had a slight skirmish on the Charles City road this afternoon; captured 1 officer and 5 men.

August 16. - Regiment moved out on Charles City road with the brigade; was slightly engaged with the enemy in the advance to White's Tavern; brought up the rear in falling back; suffered severely in men and horses.

