
effort, could not reach that place in time to deal a decisive blow to that atrocious dispenser of fire and fury to the defenseless. He had hastily retreated before General Early on was making as rapidly as possible toward the Ohio. On June 22 these two battalions joined the artillery of General Breckinridge's command, and all the other troops under General Early near Salem in Roanoke County. Thence the Army of the Valley moved by the direct route to Staunton. Here in the delay of two days which occurred some judicious adjustments in his command were made by General Long, chief of artillery, Second Corps. Leaving Major Leyden, of the Department of Southwestern Virginia, in charge of a reserve camp of batteries least efficient, he fitted out with the best guns McLaughlin's battalion and a force of horse artillery. The army thus moved from Staunton for the lower Valley with three efficient battalions of artillery-Nelson's, Braxton's, and McLaughlin's-under Lieutenant-Colonel King, having forty reliable guns well equipped, and ten additional also well provided, to serve with the cavalry.

Encountering little resistance on any part of the route, General Early's forces crossed the Potomac into Maryland, at Shepherdstown, on July 5 and 6. On the morning of the 9th they advanced upon Fredericktown. The enemy had evacuated that place, but was found in force on the line of the Monocacy a mile or two to the eat, the railroad bridge and the ford below, on the Georgetown road, being the principal points of demonstration. Here a number of our guns were judiciously posted to bear upon the opposite side and operated with great effect, when McCausland's cavalry and Gordon's infantry, having crossed the stream, attacked the enemy and were met by him in line of battle at right angles to the river. Taken in flank and reverse by our artillery, the enemy's line immediately gave way and was soon routed and driven from the ford and bridge. The victory was complete.

Officers and men of the artillery behaved on this occasion with accustomed fidelity. Lieutenant-Colonels Nelson, Braxton, and King and Major McLaughlin were engaged throughout the day in maneuvering and fighting their commands. With the exception of Lieutenant Hobson, of Kirkpatrick's battery (an officer beloved for his worth and admired for his gallantry), who was killed by a musket-ball near the close of the action, and Lieutenant Southall, acting assistant adjutant-general, painfully wounded, the loss in the artillery on this occasion was slight.

The artillery subsequently accompanied the army in its demonstration against Washington City; then with it recrossed the Potomac at White's Ford on the 14th, and encamped for a few days at Leesburg; thence it proceeded across the Blue Ridge at Snicker's Gap, encamped near Berryville, and held the adjacent fords of the Shenandoah. King's battalion was here engaged in repelling an attempt of the enemy to cross at Castleman's Ferry. From this position the army retired before the enemy's force, the main body moving by White Post to Newtown. Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, however, with two batteries accompanied Ramseur's division to Winchester. Ramseur attacked the enemy but was unsuccessful, and Kirkpatrick's battery was lost. The guns had been advanced so close to the enemy that it was impossible to withdraw them when the infantry gave way. Colonel Nelson and his command elicited warm commendations for their gallantry in this affair.

General Early, after retiring to Strasburg and allowing the enemy to occupy Winchester and push his advance to Newtown, turned upon him a few days later and drove him in great haste through Winchester toward Martinsburg. His retreat was so rapid that little punishment

