
could be inflicted on him. General Early subsequently pursued him across the Potomac at Williamsport, but so returned into Virginia, and after some time resumed position at Strasburg. During these movements the artillery could do little more than march and counter-march.

Sheridan now commanded the enemy in the Valley. General Early moved back before his large force to Fisher's Hill and took position. Meanwhile re-enforcements arrived for General Early. Cutshaw's battalion of artillery, accompanying General Anderson with Kershaw's division of infantry, and Johnston's and Shoemaker's batteries of horse artillery, accompanying General Fitzhugh Lee's division of cavalry, reached Front Royal on the 14th, and were engaged in driving off the enemy on the the 15th. The enemy, after demonstrating a few days in front of Fisher's Hill, retired. General Early again pursued, and, driving out of Winchester the force there remaining, once more occupied the town. The artillery was but little used on this advance. General Long, being now taken ill, turned over the command of the artillery to Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson on August 19, and Captain Kirkpatrick came into command of Nelson's battalion. The enemy, still with occasional skirmishers, in which our artillery took part, retired, and reached Harper's Ferry on the 21st.

Our troops remained in the neighborhood of Charlestown till the 25th. Moving thence to Shepherdstown, the army afterward encamped at Bunker Hill, and on the 31st Milledge's and Massie's batteries accompanied Rodes' division to Martinsburg, and Massie's was engaged with the enemy's cavalry and artillery. Kirkpatrick's battery received guns in place of those lost July 20. The army then moved to and encamped near Stephenson's Depot.

September 9 Colonel Carter, having been detached from his immediate command below Richmond, arrived and took command of the artillery with General Early's army, in place of General Long, disabled by sickness. From this date to the 19th several movements occurred, with considerable skirmishing on the line toward Martinsburg.

On the 19th was fought a sanguinary battle near Winchester. Ramseur's division, aided by Colonel Nelson's artillery, first received Sheridan's attack on the Berryville turnpike, and well held their ground. Braxton's battalion, artillery, with Rodes' and Gordon's divisions, was then hurried up and posted on Ramseur's left, and received the concentrated assault hurled against that point. The artillery did noble service. Nelson's guns held back the enemy on the right and enabled Ramseur's infantry to rally after being much broken; and Braxton's pieces, in the center, were equally effective, sweeping from the field the enemy's masses as they rushed on, pursuing Gordon's yielding line, and enabling a portion of Rodes' division to dash in and drive back their shattered column a considerable distance. Unhappily the accomplished division commander, General Rodes, here fell when his practiced skill was greatly needed. Meanwhile Breckinridge's division, with King's artillery battalion, which had held the Martinsburg turnpike, was removed toward the right and Generals Fitzhugh Lee and Lomax left to withstand the enemy's large force of cavalry. This, however, becoming, impracticable one of Breckinridge's brigades was detached to aid General Lee in keeping back the enemy's cavalry. At the same time the enemy's main force was massed nearer to their cavalry and advanced on Gordon's left. This necessarily gave ground to the rear, and our whole left wing swung back nearly at right angles to the original front, Braxton's guns at the salient still maintaining their hold and doing noble service. King's

