
To mention all who have thus admirably done their duty would be well night to repeat the rolls of our battalions and companies. I can only designate those chief commanders whose position has necessarily rendered their services most conspicuous, and refer to their reports and this of their sub-commanders for fuller details. General Long, until disabled by sickness managed his command (artillery Second Corps) with characteristic judgment and vigor; and Colonel Carter who then succeeded him, earned, as usual, high encomiums for the care, sagacity, and skill, as well as boldness, with which he handled the command, as also did Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson during the brief but important intervals in which the command devolved upon him. General Alexander, ever active, full of resources, energetic, and enterprising, conducted his command (artillery First Corps) at all times with skill and success, and in the interval of his absence from a disabling wound his place was well supplied on one part of his line by Colonel Cabell, on another by Lieutenant-Colonel Huger. Colonel Walker, zealous, bold, and vigorous, directed his force (artillery Third Corps) with efficiency throughout the campaign, and was aided in his responsible charge by the judicious co-operation of Colonel Cutts; and Colonel Jones, first as chief of artillery of General Beauregard's command, and subsequently of General Anderson's corps, earned high commendation by diligent, intelligent, and successful attention to his arduous trust on a portion of the line most exposed and harassed during all the latter months of the campaign.

These officers speak in high term of their subordinates and of the men in their respective commands, and describe instances more than a few of extraordinary good conduct and admirable achievement. Their reports and those of battalion commanders are herewith submitted.

Of the several members of my own staff-Captain Dudlely D. Pendleton, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant George W. Peterkin and Acting Lieutenant . Charles Hatcher, aides-de-camp; Captain John Esten Cooke and Lieutenant E. P. Dandridge, assistant inspectors-general; Major John G. Barnwell, ordnance officer; Dr. John Graham, surgeon, and Major John Page, quartermaster-it is just I should say that they have uniformly discharged their duties with faithful alacrity and to my entire satisfaction.

In conclusion, I am enabled to report that our artillery remains at the close of this arduous campaign in a condition of most encouraging efficiency,and that with reasonable effort toward supplying it with a few guns, to replace some lost in unfortunate affairs that have been described, and with horses to re-established a number of teams disabled in action or worn down by hard service, it will be in full strength for the campaign of the ensuing spring. It may be confidently relied upon to accomplish, by the Divine blessing, during the next season, as it has so well done through the last, its entire share in the defense of our country.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier General and Chief of Artillery, Army of Northern Virginia.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia.

[For report of casualties in artillery of Army of Northern Virginia, from May 4 to December 1, 1864, see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 1052.]

