
August 18. - Regiment went on picket as support to Second Pennsylvania Cavalry; picket-line was attacked at 5 p. m. before it was fairly established and was drawn in; lost a few men and horses killed and wounded.

August 20. - At 6 p. m. regiment withdrew from picket and crossed the James and Appomattox Rivers; marched all night to near Prince George Court-House; halted a few hours and resumed the march to the Temple house on the Jerusalem plank road. At 10 p. m. marched to Gurley's house, one mile from Weldon railroad.

August 22. - Took the advance of brigade down the railroad; had a slight skirmish with the enemy on the Dinwiddie Court-House road; moved to Reams' Station, and in the afternoon were heavily engaged with the enemy on mile west of Reams' Station.

August 25. - Regiment engaged in battle at Reams' Station; loss slight; retired from Reams' Station during the night to Jerusalem plank road.

August 26. - Went on picket on plank road.

August 29. - Went into camp.

September 1. - In camp near Jerusalem plank road.

September 2. - Went on a reconnaissance, passing through the infantry lines at Yellow Tavern, driving in the enemy's pickets on the Vaughan road, and then turning to the right, taking Poplar Spring road, finding nothing more than pickets until within half a mile of Boydton plank road, where the enemy was posted with artillery; withdrew and returned to camp same day.

September 3. - Went on picket on plank road.

September 6. - Relieved from picket; returned to camp; moved camp same p. m.

September 12. - Went on picket on the left of plank road.

September 15. - Relieved from picket; returned to camp.

September 16. - Went in pursuit of rebel cavalry with the rest of the brigade as far as Stony Creek, on the opposite side of which they were found posted in a strong position, having taken up the bridge, so that it was impossible to cross the creek; made an unsuccessful attempt.

September 17. - Returned to camp.

September 19. - One battalion went on scout to Lee's Mill; drove in pickets of the enemy and re-established former picket-lines.

September 24. - Went on picket near Norfolk railroad.

September 27. - Relieved from picket; returned to camp.

September 29. - Broke camp; marched to Yellow Tavern and from there to Wyatt's house, where the enemy's pickets were found and driven in. The regiment went on a reconnaissance to the Vaughan via Wyatt road, but were obliged to retire, as the enemy drove the line on our left back to the Wyatt road.

September 30. - The regiment advanced on the Wyatt road and made a connection with the First Brigade, on the Vaughan road. No force was found in our immediate front; regiment picketed on flank of division during the night.

The regiment has marched 100 miles during the month [September].

SECOND PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

August 1. - Moved east of Prince George Court-House three miles, on the road to Fort Powhatan, and encamped; picketed the country and road in vicinity.

