
sunk, two captured, and 18 negroes were killed, wounded, and captured, and two white men were afterward found dead, who, no doubt, were in company with the negroes. Sergeant Dilworth, being some distance from camp, with the enemy raiding through the country in detached parties, deemed it advisable to give his negro marauders lynch parole. This summary treatment has had a very good effect. That portion of Surry County has been quite quiet, and the marauders, who are nothing more than villainous negroes have been pretty shy how and where they land. The lower portion of the James River is patrolled by steamers attached to Graham's naval brigade. They are a dastardly and villainous set, and are easily whipped with a determined party. The enemy have used every means to capture Lieutenant Woodley and his party that subterfuge could invent. They have landed at various points and scouted the country with cavalry, but have never taken but one signal man of the scouting party under Lieutenant Woodley, and had he obeyed orders he would not have been taken.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. F. MILLIGAN,

Major and Signal Officer, Commanding Independent Signal Corps.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.,

Numbers 355. Report of Major D. B. Bridgford, C. S. Army, commanding Provost Guard, Army of Northern Virginia, of operations September 29-October 1.
HDQRS. PROVOST GUARD, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 3, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have received and forwarded to Richmond the following number of Federal prisoners of war, viz, 2 colonels, 2 lieutenants-colonels, 4 majors, 16 captains, 2 adjutants, 26 first lieutenants, 17 second lieutenants, 111 sergeants, 103 corporals, 1,380 privates; total, 1,663. My books show 688 captured by Major-General Hampton, 478 by Major-General Wilcox, and 497 by Major-General Heth. These prisoners are all from the Ninth Corps, with the exception of 175 from Fifth Corps.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

D. B. BRIDGFORD,

Major, Commanding, &amp;c.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,October 5, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for information of the Department. The whole number of prisoners captured on the north and south sides of the James River, on the 29th and 30th of September and 1st of October, 1864, amounts to 2,266, including 105 commissioned officers; 1,663 were captured on the south side and 603 on the north.

R. E. LEE,

General.

