
Numbers 356. Report of Major John W. Fairfax, Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, of operations September 30-October 1.
HDQRS. LONGSTREET'S CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VA.,Ball's House, October 4, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that there were 469 prisoners of war captured on the north side of the James on the 30th of September and 1st of October, including 16 officers and 118 negroes sent to Richmond. In additional thereto there were 134 wounded, left at Field's division hospital.

I am, colonel with great respect, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. FAIRFAX,

Major, Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

All are included up to the fourth day.

OULD.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 357. Report of Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army, commanding First Army Corps, of operations October 19-27.
HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHER VIRGINIA,
---------

, ----, ---.

COLONEL: On the 19th of October, having partially recovered from my wound received at the battle of the Wilderness, I reported for duty and assumed command of the troops on the north side of the James River, consisting of the Local Defense troops, commanded by Lieutenant-General Ewell, Hoke's division, Field's division, and Gary's brigade of cavalry, as well as Pickett's division, holding the lines from the James River to Swifth Creek. General Ewell's command was in position in the trenches between the river and Fort Gilmer, General Hoke between the New Market and the Darbytown roads, and General Field took up the line to the Charles City road, both along the line of works which had been thrown up, connecting Fort Gilmer with the exterior line of the Charles City road. General Gary was picketing the White Oak Swamp, the crossings of which had been obstructed, and had the main body of his cavalry to the left of and back of the outer line of works.

On the 25th of October I was advised of the crossing of heavy bodies of the enemy to the north side of the river, continuing until the morning of the 27th. General Field was directed to throw a strong regiment across the Charles City road, and every effort was made to strengthen my works and dispose of the force at my command so as to cover the long line I had to defend as well as possible.

Early on the morning of the 27th it became evident that the enemy was moving to my left, and about 9 o'clock heavy skirmishing, amounting in some places almost to attacks, was opened along my line from the New Market to the Charles City roads. Under cover of this fire the enemy pushed a column through the White Oak Swamp, cutting out the obstructions at Hobson's Crossing (a point about one mile and

