
bulk of the enemy's cavalry. We camp on the Opequon near Frederick's Mill, and Wickham is ordered across from the vicinity of Berryville.

August 18. - Move soon after daylight for Winchester, where we meet General Early. Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry is thrown out to the front and Kershaw camped in woods to the right of the Berryville road.

August 19. - No change in the position of our troops. Early moves with his force to the vicinity of Bunker Hill.

August 20. - Without change.

August 21. - At daylight we move with Kershaw and Cutshaw, by the old Charlestown road, for Charlestown. Lomax's cavalry moves from Bunker Hill in the same direction via Leetown, Early's infantry by Smithfield, and Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry by Berryville. About six miles from Summit Point we encounter the advance of Wilson's division of cavalry and drive it before us, skirmishing as far as Summit Point, where we arrive at 3.30 p.m. and camp, picketing all the roads. Fitzhugh Lee encounters Torbet's division and drives him through Berryville, and encamps one mile north of the town on the Berryville and Winchester pike. Early arrives within two miles and a half of Charlestown and halts for the night. Casualties in all the skirmishes, light.

August 22.- March resumed at daylight for Charlestown. Meet General Early. Latter's troops encamped in front of Charlestown, ours back on the road we came, about two miles and a half from town.

August 23. - Without change.

August 24. - In the afternoon the enemy makes a slight demonstration with his cavalry on Early.

August 25. - Kershaw moves at daylight, with Cutshaw, to relieve Rodes and Ramseur. Early's force moves to threaten Martinsburg, and Fitzhugh Lee (who has resumed command of all the cavalry) toward Williamsport.

August 26.- Enemy in position and quiet until afternoon about 5 o'clock, when he advances four or five regiments of infantry and one of cavalry to feel our lines. The picket-line of the Fifteenth South Carolina Regimental, Kershaw's brigade, breaks, and about 100 men of it are captured. The enemy soon retires. During the night we hear from Early, who is at Leetown, and it is determined to move for Brucetown at early dawn.

August 27. - Move at day via Smithfield, McCausland's, and Lomax's brigades of cavalry in our rear. Camp near Brucetown. The two cavalry brigades picket the line of the Opequon. Early moves to Bunker Hill.

August 28. - McCausland moves his brigade toward Leetown, under orders from Fitzhugh Lee.

August 29. - Early drives the enemy's cavalry through Smithfield. His troops afterward return to camp.

August 30. - Without change.

August 31. - Bryan's brigade moves at daylight into Winchester to watch a probable movement of the enemy on Winchester from Berryville, where he seems to be in force. In the afternoon the whole division moves and takes its former camp near town.

September 1. - Some cavalry skirmishing on the Berryville road. A small party of enemy's cavalry reported to have crossed Front Royal road toward Newtown. Humphrey's brigade is sent down on Berryville road to support the cavalry; but the enemy's force having been exaggerated, it returns to camp. Wofford is posted near town on the Valley pike.

