
September 2. - Enemy's cavalry at Berryville. It is proposed for Kershaw and Fitzhugh Lee to surprise him. As it is about being executed it is abandoned, the enemy having retired toward Charlestown. Early gets up toward Stone Chapel and a small body of enemy's cavalry attack his rear.

September 3. - Move at 12 m. from Winchester for Berryville by the pike. Strike the enemy about four miles from Berryville and encounter the Eighth Corps, which after a sharp engagement, we drive away. The Sixth Corps is meanwhile at Longmarsh Run, near Summit Point. General Humphreys wounded.

September 4. - Between 9 and 10 a.m. General Early arrives to aid us, and proposes to attack by his left. Agreed to and he starts to execute it. He accomplishes nothing, however, deeming the enemy's position too strong to be forced.

September 5. - Retire toward Winchester. Some skirmishing at the Opequon between Early's rear guard and the enemy's advance. Troops camp in same place on Berryville pike.

September 6. - Without change.

September 7. - A division of Yankee cavalry moves up as far as White Post and returns toward Berryville. Enemy's infantry reported crossing the Opequon and advancing. Our troops turned out to meet them. Enemy retire across the Opequon. Object of the movement supposed to be a reconnaissance.

September 8 too 14. - Without change.

September 15.- Move at sunrise with Kershaw and Cutshaw up the Valley pike and camp on North Fork of Shenandoah, opposite Buckton. September 16. - Move at sunrise, cross North Fork at Buckton Ford, cross South Fork at McCoy's Ford, and encamp at Bentonville.

September 17. - Move at sunrise on the mud turnpike, from which we turned off four miles north of Luray and camped four miles from Luray on the Sperryville and Luray pike.

September 18. - Move at sunrise cross Thornton's Gap, pass through Sperryville, Woodville, and camp two miles east of the latter.

September 19. - Move at sunrise and arrive at Culpeper in time to meet a Yankee raiding party (Sixteenth New York Cavalry) which is found to have passed down to Rapidan bridge on burnt it. We intercept the party on its return by Bryan's brigade near Pony Mountain.

September 20. - Move at 12 m. for Rapidan Station.

September 21 and 22. - At Rapidan Station awaiting the completion of the bridge.

September 23.- Bridge finished. Move to Gordonsville.

September 24. - Kershaw moves at sunrise to join Early via Swift Run Gap.

September 25 and 26. - We take up the march (headquarters) for Richmond, where we arrive on the 26th.

September 27. - Move from Richmond to Swift Run.

September 28. - General Anderson receives orders to move to north side and assume command.

September 29. - Move to north side early and find the enemy holding Fort Harrison, which he had taken by a coup de main. One battalion of reserve (150 men.) were in the fort. Gregg had previously repulsed an attack near Four-Mile Run. In the afternoon Field arrives with Law's brigade just in time to aid Gregg's and Benning's brigades in repulsing a most violent assault on Fort Gilmer. Many negroes were killed in the ditch. General Lee arrives, and Bratton's and Anderson's

