
We remained here strengthening our works until the night of the 6th of October, when we were relieved by General Moore and moved to the Darbytown road.

Early on the morning of the 7th we moved down the Darbytown road and struck the enemy's outposts near Pleasants' house. The Fifth South Carolina Regiment (Colonel Coward) was deployed and drove them to their works over old line. My brigade formed on the left of and perpendicular to the road, some 600 or 800 yards from the works. In a short time, in conjunction with Anderson's brigade, formed on the right of the road, we moved forward. I succeeded in driving them out of the works in my front, and turned upon the flank and rear of those in Anderson's front and drove them from a part of it-indeed, from all of it finally-but was temporarily checked by a flank work. They had no artillery, on the line, but a battery was playing on us from a position some 400 yards in rear of their line and in an extension of the line of this flank work. This embarrassed our attack, and being concealed by a slight ridge from view I was unable to see what was there. I therefore directed one regiment against the battery, which threw it entirely in rear of the line, and as it rose the ridge advanced the brigade and carried the works. With scarce a halt at the works I pressed on at the enemy and artillery, now seen running across the field for near a mile, when I halted and adjusted my ranks, now somewhat deranged by the succession of charges. The enemy were completely routed. I succeeded in capturing one piece of artillery; the rest got away from me, but was made an easy prey by Gary's cavalry, who did overtake and capture it. I here received orders to march to the right and connect with the division, which was moving, up the works in a line perpendicular to them. This was done in due time, but with great difficulty, through dense thickets. The whole advancing, in line struck the enemy near the New Market road in heavy force and behind log breast-works. My brigade advanced to from 50 to 100 yards of the work (my line was not parallel to that of the enemy, my right was nearer to them than the left), and I thought at one time that the enemy were leaving my front. I could not see, but their fire slackened. The brigade on my right, however, did not come up, and the enemy in its front poured its fire into me. The brigade on my left fell back and retired entirely from the contest. This somewhat disturbed my left. I was myself on the right and was wounded a few moments before, but seeing this movement to the rear went toward the left of my line to find it, too, beginning to break away, doubtless because they were abandoned, for the fire was not near so heavy as on the right. I ordered them to fall back to the crest from which we started. The fire on the right was most terrific, but fortunately the balls ranged high and my loss was less than I feared it would be. My regiments were in line thus from right to left-Walker's on the right; Steedman's, Hagood's, Bowen's, and Coward's on the left.

My casualties sum up in killed and wounded 190. Nearly half of them occurred in the right regiment (Walker's); more than half in my two right regiments (Walker's and Steedman's). I lost some of my best officers and men. Captain Quattlebaum, Palmetto Sharpshooters, a most faithful officer, who has signally distinguished himself in this campaign, was here shot dead upon the field. Lieutenant William T. Norris, Fifth South Carolina Regiment, a noble man and most worthy officer, was, I fear, mortally wounded, and fell into the hands of the enemy.

