
charges us. In a short time they withdrew, taking the road toward Liberty Mills. Some of [our] sharpshooters followed them and took possession of the field; found 3 wounded Yankees and 2 or 3 dead horses and men; also several bee-gums just opened, but not robbed. The rest of the brigade arrived during the evening and night.

On the evening of the next day the whole brigade took cars for Richmond but owing to the bad condition of the road did not all reach Richmond until 9 p.m. on 25th of December.

I am happy to report not one single casualty on this expedition.

We returned to our old position on the line, and have remained quiet up to date.

Our total present at the beginning of the campaign (including quartermaster's, commissary, and surgical departments) was: Officers, 150; men, 1,866; aggregate, 2, 016. Our loss during the campaign sums up 176 killed and 1,094 wounded and 94 missing; aggregate, 1,364. Total present to-day (including quartermaster's, commissary, and surgical departments), 132 officers, 1,688 men; aggregate, 1820. We have lost many of our noblest and best officers and men.

Accompanying this is a list of casualties since the battle of the Wilderness.

The brigade as a whole has, in addition to the stirring gallantry of the fight proper, displayed a fortitude [and] endured the fatigues and dangers of this most arduous campaign with a staunch and sturdy courage, the contemplation of which fills me with gratitude not unmixed with pride.

While I feel that it is impossible in a report stretching over so much of action to do justice to the many individual, instances of meritorious conduct that from time to time occurred, I cannot close without special mention of Colonel Hagood's (First South Carolina) regiment and Colonel Coward's (Fifth South Carolina) regiment. These officers have distinguished themselves by their valor and skill on the field and general good management of their commands throughout the campaign. Also Captain J. B. Lyle, Fifth South Carolina Regiment, who, in command of his company, then of his regiment, and afterward as acting assistant adjutant-general on my staff, was everywhere conspicuous for his courage, energy, and zeal.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN BRATTON,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 362. Reports of Major General Bushrod R. Johnson, C. S. Army, commanding Johnson's division.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,Petersburg, Va, August 2, 1864.

COLONEL: Colonels Goode, McAfee, and McMaster, commanding respectively Wise's, Ransom's, and Elliott's brigades, report nothing of interest along their lines during the past twenty-four hours. General Gracie reports that work on the cavalier is progressing slowly, owing to the sickness of Lieutenant Welch, engineer officer, and requests that another engineer officer be assigned to his line; he also reports that as the engineers seem unconcerned about countermining

