HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,Petersburg, Va., August 7, 1864.

COLONEL: I have nothing of interest to report during the past twenty-four hours. The picket and mortar fire has been about as brisk as usual. General Gracie thinks the enemy have greatly strengthened their picket-line since the explosion of the mine on the 5th. He also has noticed the enemy at work near Taylor's house, probably making an inclosed work, so as to hold their position with fewer men. Experiments have been made along the front of all the brigades, but no mine has yet been discovered.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Elliott's brigade, wounded, 1; Gracie's brigade, wounded, 1; Wise's brigade, wounded, 1; Ransom's brigade, wounded 2; total, 5 wounded.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Colonel G. W. BRENT, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON' DIVISION,Petersburg, Va., August 8, 1864.

COLONEL: Picket-fire was quite brisk yesterday, but slackened toward evening. The enemy were again observed yesterday strengthening the heavy battery in front of Ransom's brigade. Colonel McAfee, commanding Ransom's brigade, reported about 11 o'clock last night that he had struck a piece of timber with one of his borers, supposed to be the frame of an enemy's mine; upon close inspection it proved to be a rock. The work is progressing well along the line.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Ransom's brigade, killed, 1; wounded,3. Gracie's brigade, wounded, 3. Elliott's brigade, wounded, 1. Wise's brigade, killed; 1, wounded, 1. Total, 2 killed, 8 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General

Colonel G. W. BRENT, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,Petersburg, August 9, 1864.

COLONEL: The picket and mortar fire on my line was quite brisk yesterday from 10 a.m. until dark, when it slackened. Colonel McAfee thinks our mortar fire was quite destructive to the enemy yesterday evening. The enemy are strengthening the battery in the apple orchard. Wells are being sunk along the line, and have reached water in all instances. Colonel Goode, commanding Wise's brigade, reports that he has strengthened his line very much by traverses.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Wise's brigade, wounded 1. Elliott's brigade, wounded, 3. Ransom's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 3. Gracie's brigade, wounded, 1. Total, 1 killed and 8 wounded.

Respectfully, &c.

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

[Colonel G. W. BRENT, Assistant Adjutant-General.]

