
August 13. - Broke camp; took up line of march at 4 p. m.; crossed

the Appomattox and James Rivers, marching all night.

August 14. - Advanced toward Malvern Hill; went on picket until night.

August 15. - On picket; returned, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry being engaged with the enemy all day, and remained on picket, occupying the former position.

August 16. - Advanced on the enemy dismounted and drove him on a charge to some distance, at which place Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, commanding brigade, while leading his command, was wounded in the right arm. Being supported by the infantry, the command mounted, driving the enemy across the swamp; remained there under a most desperate fire, holding the enemy for some time; the infantry being our support fell back so rapidly that we were compelled to endure great hardships to hold the enemy, and finally had to fall back a short distance, losing 2 men killed, 1 officer and 19 men wounded, 2 men missing, and a number of horses. The regiment then went on picket, and was relieved at dark the same day.

August 18. - Went on picket; attacked by the enemy; loss, 2 men wounded. Crossed James River on the night of August 20; the Appomattox the same night; marched all night; halted near Prince George Court-House.

August 21. - Moved at 11 a.m. to the Jerusalem plank road, relieving Third New York Cavalry; went on picket.

August 22. - Were relieved, and joined the brigade near Weldon railroad.

August 23. - Advanced toward Weldon, being on picket duty with the brigade; slightly engaged with enemy; Captain Parke and 2 men wounded; went on picket.

August 24. - Relieved by the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry; returned to brigade camp.

August 25. - Engaged with the enemy all day; on picket at night; relieved from picket.

August 26. - Joined the brigade at Temple's house; remained in camp until August 30, when ordered on picket until the 31st.

During the month of September the regiment was doing picket duty near the Weldon railroad.

September 13. - Regiment, accompanied by the Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was on a scout to Poplar Spring Church; drove in the enemy's pickets a respectable distance.

September 15. - Regiment was on a scout to Falls Church, being severely engaged with the enemy; Sixteenth Pennsylvania Regiment returned to camp.

September 29. - Marched toward Reams' Station; were attacked by the enemy toward night and drove us; Major Peale taken prisoner; Captain D. P. Smith killed; Lieutenant John Harper wounded.

September 30. - Remained on battle-field.

[October.] - The command during the month was encamped on Jerusalem plank road doing picket duty, picketing the ground between the Halifax road and Jerusalem plank road.

October 26. - Broke camp and marched in the direction of Weldon railroad, and encamped that night at a point near the Yellow House.

October 27. - Marched at an early hour, being engaged with the enemy, and the division of the Second Army Corps, on Boydton plank road, being sharply engaged with the enemy, having but few casualties.

October 29. - Returned to formed camp near Jerusalem plank road.

