
[November.] - The regiment was doing principally picket duty with occasionally a little scouting.

November 7. - The regiment was ordered to join the division, which marched in the direction of Reams' Station; returned same day; no casualties. During the remainder of the month the regiment was doing picket duty.

During the month of December the regiment participated in the engagement of Stony Creek Station; also in the late operations against the Weldon railroad. Average distance marched [in December], 200 miles.

EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

August 1. - Regiment went on picket near Davenport Church; four miles.

August 2 to 4. - On picket.

August 5. - Moved to Light-House Point and went into camp; ten miles. The Eighth Regiment went on picket near Lee's Mill; thirteen miles.

August 11. - Relieved by First Pennsylvania Cavalry, and moved to Prince George Court-House; ten miles.

August 13. - Broke camp and crossed the Appomattox and James Rivers; eighteen miles.

August 14. - Regiment moved out by way of Willis' Church to Malvern Hill; captured 10 prisoners. Regiment then joined the brigade; moved out to Charles City road, near Deep Bottom; went on picket; twenty miles.

August 15. - Enemy followed reconnoitering party and attacked the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, driving it across the swamp; Companies L and H the regiment deployed as skirmishers. The enemy advanced in force with infantry and artillery, and compelled us to fall back one mile and a half; threw up an abatis and checked their advance. At 4 p. m. the infantry moved out in front of the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry; the Eighth and Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry charged the enemy, compelling them to fall back in confusion. At 8 p. m. the regiment fell back and went into camp.

August 16. - Command moved to Muddy Bottom; crossed and moved rapidly to White's Tavern, supported by infantry. At 4 p. m. attacked by enemy in force and compelled to retire; moved back and encamped.

August 18. - Relieved by Thirteenth Pennsylvania and moved back to camp. At 3 p. m. command moved out toward Charles City road; the enemy attacked our lines; regiment dismounted and engaged the enemy, but was compelled to retire. At 10 p. m. went on picket.

August 19. - Relieved and went to camp.

August 20. - 9 p. m. moved; crossed James River.

August 21. - Crossed Appomattox; moved to plank road near McCamm's house, fifteen miles; regiment on picket on Lee's Mill road; one battalion moved to Gurley's house, five miles.

August 22. - Moved to Gary's Church; on picket.

August 23. - Relieved and moved out to Reams' Station; dismounted and engaged the enemy; six miles.

August 24 and 25. - On picket. At 12 p. m. regiment withdrawn and moved to Temple's house and encamped; twelve miles.

August 26. - Regiment moved out to Wood's Shop on picket; six miles.

August 27 and 28. - On picket.

