
The casualties, a list of which is herewith forwarded, are:

Command	Killed	Wounded	Captured	Missing

Elliott's	14	41	6	34

brigade

Ransom's brigade	2	3	.....	.....

Wise's brigade	.....	4	.....	.....

Gracie's brigade	.....	.....	.....	.....

Total division	16	48	6	34

This morning Colquitt's salient was shelled for some time by mortars. In front of Wise's brigade at 12 o'clock there was a spirited fire with small-arms, after which the artillery fire continued for about an hour. The adjutant captured reports that their lines were re-enforced last evening about 5 o'clock, and that it was stated that a movement on our part was anticipated. It is pretty well ascertained that the enemy's rear line, upon which they evidently mainly propose to depend, consists of a system of detached forts completely inclosed with ditch and draw-bridge. Near these the troops not on picket duty are kept. It seems to me this system possesses advantages over that of our line. To some extent this system is in progress so far as the fortifications are concerned on my line. I shall for some time need a working force in rear for the work on my rear line.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Lieutenant WILLIAM MCWILLIE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Anderson's Corps.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,November 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have nothing new to report this morning. The picket-fire has been more rapid than usual during past twenty-four hours, owing to the fact, perhaps, that they were expecting their picket-line to be again attacked. Inclosed I forward the report* of Lieutenant-Colonel Trimmier, Forty-first Alabama Regiment, Gracie's brigade, in regard to the capture of the enemy's picket-line on the night of the 5th November.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Wise's brigade, wounded, 2. Elliott's brigade, wounded, 1. Gracie's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 4.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Lieutenant MCWILLIE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,November 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: Nothing new has been observed along my front during the past twenty-four hours. Quite a brisk picket-fire sprang up about 8.30 o'clock last night. It commenced to the right of Wise's bri-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

