HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,December 2, 1864.

MAJOR: After a careful examination in regard to the expenditure of ammunition by this command, I have the honor to report the following facts in relation thereto: First, there are in this division 1,100 men constantly on duty, charged specially with firing upon the enemy. Second, there are about 20,000 rounds of ammunition expended in each twenty-four hours, being about eighteen rounds for each men on picket duty. I would further state that the enemy's deserters report that they are furnished with 100 rounds of ammunition when they are placed on picket, and are ordered to expend it during their term of duty. Thus it will be seen that the enemy fire at least five shots to our one. i have given directions to diminish our sharpshooting as much as can be done with prudence. Nothing of importance to report.

The following casualties are reported: Gracie's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 2. Ransom's brigade, killed, 2; wounded, 5. Wise's brigade, killed, 1; wounded 2. Total, 4 killed, 9 wounded.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Major DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,December 3, 1864.

MAJOR: The enemy are rather increasing their picket-fire and number of pickets. They frequently show themselves in rear, owing to the fact that our men ordered to be very careful of ammunition.

The following casualties are reported: Ransom's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 1 (mortally). Gracie's brigade, killed, 2; wounded, 2. Wise's brigade, wounded, 4.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Major R. P. DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,December 4, 1864.

MAJOR: Two deserters came over in front of this division last night. Joseph Green, of the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Regiment, states: First, that their pickets have general orders not to communicate with our men in any manner; second, the pickets are ordered to fire all the time and that cartridges are being constantly supplied to men on picket; third, that four men were wounded and one killed in his regiment before he left yesterday; fourth, that when Butler's canal is done, a general attack will be made.

John Schumacher states: First, that the negroes of the Ninth Corps have all been sent away to Butler to work on the canal; second, that the Second and part of the Eighteenth Corps hold all the line south of the Appomattox; third, that the Second, Fifth, and part of the Eighteenth

