
August 29. - Relieved and moved into camp; seven miles.

September 1. - In camp near Petersburg, Va.

September 2. - Moved out and made reconnaissance toward Petersburg and returned to camp same day, having discovered nothing of any consequence; marched nineteen miles; in camp until the 4th.

September 4 to 6. - On picket.

September 7 to 11. - In camp.

September 12 to 16. - On picket.

September 16. - Engaged the enemy dismounted.

September 17. - Engaged the enemy on Stony Creek road and returned to camp same night.

September 18 to 24. - In camp.

September 24 to 26. - On picket on Jerusalem plank road.

September 26 to 29. - In camp.

September 29. - Moved camp to Weldon railroad; crossed and moved to Wyatt's house; went on picket near carter's house; withdrew from picket and engaged the enemy; returned to Weldon railroad; encamped for the night; twenty-three miles.

September 30. - On picket near Carter's house.

October 1. - Engaged the enemy on Vaughan road; on picket at night.

October 2. - Regiment moved out and skirmished with the enemy on Vaughan road; fell back during the night and encamped.

October 4. - Relieved by the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry and went into camp.

October 5. - Moved camp and marched to Light-House Point.

October 6. - On picket in the neighborhood of Sycamore Church; relieved by the Sixth Ohio Cavalry, and returned to plank road.

October 8 to 11. - In camp.

October 12. - Regiment went on picket.

October 15. - Relieved by the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

October 16 and 17. - In camp.

October 18. - Went on picket.

October 21. - Relieved by the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

October 24. - Went on picket.

October 27. - Regiment broke camp and marched to within six miles of Stony Creek; commenced skirmishing, which soon became a general engagement; lost 15 horses killed and 2 wounded; 1 man wounded and 1 missing; fell back during the night.

October 28. - Marched to Yellow House and joined brigade; went into camp on plank road.

October 29. - Changed camp.

November 1 to 3. - In camp near Petersburg.

November 3. - Regiment on picket on Lee's Mill road; 1 man wounded by guerrillas.

November 6. - Regiment relieved.

November 7. - Regiment ordered on scout to Stony Creek and Reams' Station; returned at night; met nothing but a few pickets, most of whom were captured by the First Brigade.

November 9. - Regiment on picket on Lee's Mill road; a scouting party sent outside the lines were fired on by a party concealed in the swamp; 2 men wounded and 2 missing.

November 12. - Relieved.

November 18. - Went on picket.

November 21. - Relieved and returned to camp; received ten recruits from dismounted camp.

November 22. - Brigade reviewed by Major-General Meade.

