HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,December 30, 1864.

MAJOR: I have nothing of interest to report this morning. One man deserted last night from Elliott's brigade.

The following casualties are reported: Elliott's brigade, wounded, 1.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Major DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,December 31, 1864.

MAJOR: Matters have been quiet along the front of this division during the past twenty-four hours. Six men deserted from Wise's brigade last night and two from Gracie's. I would call your attention to the fact that there are a number of barefooted men in this command. The inspector-general of the army inspected Ransom's brigade some ten days or tow weeks since, took down the number of barefooted men, and promised the shoes, but they have not been furnished.

The following casualties occurred since yesterday morning: Wise's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 1.

Respectfully, &c.,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

Major DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 363. Reports of Brigadier General Archibald Gracie, jr., C. S. Army, commanding Johnson's division, of operations August 17 - September 7 and November 12.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,August 17, 1864.

COLONEL: I have nothing of interest to report this morning; picket and mortar fire as usual. The boring has been somewhat impeded by the late rain, which filled up the holes and prevented further progress. Colonel Goode, commanding Wise's brigade, reports that the enemy were seen bringing dirt from under the hill near Elliott's left. Colonel Wallace, commanding Elliott's brigade, has been apprised of the matter, and directed to use all precautions to prevent the enemy from running a mine.

The following is a list of casualties: Wise's brigade, wounded, 2. Gracie's brigade, wounded, 3. Elliott's brigade, wounded, 3. Ransom's brigade, killed, 1; wounded, 2. Total, 1 killed, 10 wounded.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. GRACIE, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

