
November 24. - Went on picket.

November 27. - Relieved.

December 1. - Division on raid; captured and destroyed Stony Creek Station.

December 2 and 3. - On picket; reserve attacked at night; 2 men killed and 8 wounded.

December 4. - On picket.

December 5. - Relieved and returned to camp.

December 7. - Started on raid and encamped near Sussex Court-House.

December 8[11].- Crossed Meherrin River; 2 men killed, 1 wounded; marched toward Jarratt's Station and encamped; crossed river at Mill-Dam Ford; drove the enemy; 1 man captured; marched to Three Creeks; 1 man killed and 1 wounded; returned and encamped at Proctor's house.

THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

August 1 to 13. - On picket with other regiments of the brigade in rear of army; encamped at Prince George Court-House.

August 13. - Broke camp at 5 p. m.; marched toward Charles City Cross-Roads; went to Charles City Cross-Roads with the First Maine in rear of the enemy's pickets; Second Pennsylvania Cavalry appeared in front; attacked and captured 3 prisoners; killed 5; loss, 1 killed and 4 wounded. Picketed that road at Deep Run, supported by Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry; captured 1 prisoner; received 11 refugees and 12 contrabands.

August 15. - Attacked and drove in our regiment at 7 a. m. across Deep Run to the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and fell back skirmishing to support of brigade; advanced at 1 p. m. to cross-roads, driving enemy; loss, 1 killed, 6 wounded, and 5 missing.

August 16. - Moved out with brigade to cross-roads; advanced to near White's Tavern; compelled to return again to old position at p. m. by force; loss, 10 wounded and 5 missing; relieved and went into camp.

August 17. - Inspected by Major Taylor.

August 18. - Relieved the Eighth Pennsylvania, on picket at Nelson's farm; line attacked and forced back to brigade headquarters at p. m.; picketed Malvern Hill at 9 p. m., out Quaker road to Nelson's farm; loss, 3 wounded and 5 missing.

August 18 and 19. - On picket.

August 20. - Picket withdrew at dark; crossed James and Appomattox Rivers; marched all night and encamped near army headquarters.

August 21. - Moved out to headquarters Fifth Army Corps, near Weldon railroad.

August 22. - On picket with the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry from plank road to brigade, near Reams' Station; picket headquarters at Wood's Shop.

August 23 and 24. - On picket.

August 25. - Relieved by Second Pennsylvania Cavalry; remained as support; at night moved with brigade to Temple's house.

August 26 and 27. - In camp.

August 28. - Relieved Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, on picket on plank road.

August 29 and 30. - On picket; relieved, went to camp.

August 31. - In camp.

September 1. - In camp near Williams' house.

