
flank. The men were protected in a measure from the fire from the front, but the fire from the right flank from the enemy's picket-line, re-enforced to a distance equal to the range of their rifles, was annoying. The working party of sixty men diligently worked to protect the right flank from this fire, but the conformation of the ground and the direction of the enemy's line was such that it was not possible to do it under the circumstances, and this fire continuing to increase in rapidity and destructiveness the detachment finally withdrew to our line. An officer captured from the enemy informed me that an attack upon that part of their line in front of the Crater was anticipated, and preparations were made to meet it. An adjutant and nine enlisted men were captured from the enemy.

The men and officers of the detachment behaved very well, and failed of entire success from untoward circumstances that will sometimes intervene to mar the best laid military plans and snatch victory from the grasp of those who deserve it.

I forwarded a list of casualties to your office this morning.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WALLACE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain FOOTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 366. Report of Brigadier General John Gregg, C. S. Army, commanding Gregg's (Texas) brigade, of operations September 29.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS BRIGADE,October 4, 1864.

COLONEL: After strict inquiries among the officers of the forces composing my command of the 29th ultimo, I can state that Benning's brigade captured 433 prisoners, the Texas brigade captured 43, and Johnson's brigade 9, making in all 485. Besides others dead (and there were many) Colonel DuBose's command have buried 119 in front of Fort Gilmer. These were near the lines.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 367. Itinerary of Hardaway's Light Artillery Battalion, August 13-December 31.+

August 13. - Graham's battery took position near Dutch Gap and shelled the enemy's working party at that point. The enemy's gunboats replied without effect.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 14 killed, 41 wounded, 6 captured, 34 missing; total, 95.

---------------

+ From record of events on muster-rolls of field and staff. For portion of itinerary here omitted see Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 1089, and Vol. XL, Part I, p. 800.

