
Anderson's brigade then came up, and we awaited further orders. I was now ordered by brigadier-general commanding to move on the enemy's artillery, posted on the farther edge of the field, and which was still resisting. We reached it after double-quicking for three-fourths of a mile; shot down the horses and secured the cannon. After long delay, which has never been explained to me, we followed the enemy nearly to the New Market road, where he had retired after his reverse of the morning and fortified. His re-enforcements had arrived, and his position, surrounded by a dense undergrowth impassable to a line of battle, was thus rended almost impregnable. We attacked it, and, after a hard fight, were repulsed. A short time afterward we were withdrawn, abandoning all the ground we had gained in the morning.

My losses amounted to 2 killed and 17 wounded.

On the 27th of November the enemy attacked us on the Williamssurt road, but were easily driven back. I had no casualties. In skirmish preceding the attack my skirmishers, under Captain Southern, captured 30 or 40 of the enemy.

December 9 [10] we moved down the Darbytown [road] to the enemy's position, and, after considerable maneuvering (for which purpose and with what effect I have been unable to learn), withdrew in the night and returned to camp. I had 1 man wounded.

I have had altogether in the field since the opening of the campaign 572 men and officers. My losses in the aggregate amount to 37 killed and 209 wounded, and 19 captured or missing. Among the former I have to deplore many of my bravest men and officers. Captains Grimes and Kirk and Ensign E. W. Bellinger, all conspicuous for their gallantry under trying circumstances, fell in the assault on Battery Harrison nobly discharging their duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. HAGOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. C. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE. - At this length of time it is impossible to refer accurately by dates to events related in the foregoing report.

J. R. H.

Numbers 371. Report of Captain James Hays, C. S. Army, Assistant Inspector-General, Harris' brigade, Anderson's division, of operations August 21.

Extract from remarks on inspection report of Harris' brigade, Anderson's division, dated August 30, 1864:

---------------

* * * * * * *

---------------

The brigade suffered heavily in action on the Weldon railroad on the 21st of August instant, losing in killed, wounded, and missing 254 out of 450 carried into action. The cause of the small number carried into action was owing to the fact that 900 men were on picket duty on this side and north side of the James. The men were worn out, and there were a good many stragglers.

---------------

* * * * * * *

---------------

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES HAYS,

Captain and Assistant Inspector-General.

