
September 2. - Moved with brigade across Weldon railroad at Yellow Tavern out to Vaughan road; fond the enemy in entrenchments; returned to Yellow Tavern and to camp in the evening.

September 3. - In camp; doing picket three days out of nine on the Jerusalem plank road until the 29th; then broke camp and moved with division to Weldon railroad; thence by Wyatt road out to Vaughan road and two miles toward Dinwiddie Court-House; First Battalion, driving the enemy's pickets ahead, captured 7 prisoners; fell back across Vaughan road and remained until 4 o'clock, when the brigade was attacked and fought until dark, regiment losing 500 yards of ground, after two dismounted charges, losing 2 officers and 30 men killed, wounded, and missing; division encamped on Weldon railroad.

September 30. - Moved out in reserve to Wyatt's supporting First Brigade.

October 1. - On picket on the Halifax road.

October 2. - Was relieved and marched to Vaughan road, near Squirel Level.

October 5. - Went on scout to Reams' Station and returned same day.

October 6. - Moved to old camp near Williams' house and went on picket on Jerusalem plank road.

October 9. - Was relieved and went into camp.

October 11. - Started toward Stony Creek Station and went to Leonard's house; captured 13 prisoners and 2 teams.

October 15. - Went on picket on Jerusalem plank road.

October 18. - Was relieved and went to camp.

October 21. - Went on picket to Vaughan road.

October 24. - Was relieved.

October 26. - Broke camp and moved to Halifax road.

October 27. - Moved to Boydton plank road; engaged with enemy in the afternoon, having 2 men killed, 5 wounded, and 2 missing; returned to Halifax road at daylight.

October 28. - Moved to old camp on Jerusalem plank road.

October 30. - Went on picket on Jerusalem plank road.

November 1. - In camp on Jerusalem plank road.

November 6. - Relieved Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry on picket on Lee's Mill road.

November 9. - Returned to camp.

November 28. - Scouted toward Stony Creek Station via Lee's Mill road to Proctor's house, plank road to Stony Creek Station road, and thence to Leonard's house, driving the enemy's pickets.

November 30. - Relieved Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry on picket on Lee's Mill road.

December 1. - Marched to Stony Creek Station, taking the advance of the brigade at 3 a. m.; found the bridge at Lee's Mill burned; repaired it and moved on to Rowanty Creek via Jerusalem plank and Stony Creek Station roads, finding the enemy picketing at Dunn's house, with reserve at bridge over Rowanty Creek, which, after a few shots, retired, and the regiment moved on to Dunlap's Station, about two miles north of Stony Creek, when the advance was taken by another regiment. The regiment then moved to Stony Creek Station by the Halifax road, remaining in support during the attack; 1 officer wounded.

December 7[8].- Moved to Hatcher's Run, on the Vaughan road, with the Sixth Ohio and Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel M. Kerwin in command; found the enemy's pickets at Cummings' house; found their reserve at the run, strongly posted on the north side. The creek was

