
advancing some distance (say 200 yards) encountered a heavy force of the enemy, which we immediately engaged. The engagement lasted about thirty minutes, when the men giving way compelled me to retire to a line farther to the rear to reform, where we remained until ordered back to form line near the Davis house.

On the morning of the 1st of October we were ordered to move at 3 a. m., when we took up line of march for the left and halted at Battery Numbers 45, where we remained until daybreak, when we again moved, taking the Squirrel Level road until its intersection with our lines of earth-works, where we crossed, advancing into the open field, where we formed line of battle, and moved forward on the enemy's position through a wood in front obstructed with abatis. In this wood we encountered a considerable force of the enemy, who were soon repulsed and retired to our line of fortifications - or, rather, theirs, since they (the enemy) now have them - when they opened a heavy fire, causing our troops to recoil, and producing great confusion in my regiment, the men of different commands mixing with it and straggling to the rear, causing the same effect in mine, in spite of the best efforts of myself and officers to rally and arrange it.

I will say, in conclusion, that the general conduct of the officers and men of my command during the first day's fight is perfectly satisfactory, and that of the men on the second would doubtless have been equally so but for the recent effects of the previous evening.

Our losses in the two days' operations, as shown per report, fully attest the correctness of this declaration.

I am, adjutant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. FAUNTLEROY,

Major Fifty-fifth Virginia Regiment.

Lieutenant DAVIES.

Numbers 374. Reports of Major General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army commanding Cavalry Corps, Army of Northern Virginia, of operations August 25, September 14 - 17, September 29-October 1, October 27 - 28, and December 7 - 11.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 29, 1864.

COLONEL: In pursuance of orders from the general commanding, I moved with the First and Third Divisions of Cavalry, under the command of Brigadier-Generals Butler and Barringer, to co-operate with Lieutenant-General Hill in an attack on the enemy at Reams' Station, at 5 a. m. August 25. After consultation with General Hill I was directed to strike the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, with my main force on the left flank of the enemy, whilst another portion of my command was to cover the approach of General Hill on Reams' Station. I ordered General Barringer to take his own brigade up the Halifax road toward Malone's Crossing, and to send Chambliss' brigade, under command of Colonel J. Lucius Davis, up Malone's road, across Malone's Bridge, to the same point. This latter brigade was supported by Rosser's and Young's brigades, under command of Major-General Butler, General Rosser commanding his own, and Colonel Wright Young's

