
brigade. Dunovant's brigade was left in reserve to protect the rear and flank of General Hill. These dispositions having been made, I crossed with the column at Malone's Bridge, and met the advance pickets of the enemy a short distance beyond at 9 a. m. These were driven in, when the enemy, in a strong position and some force, was encountered. Colonel Davis dismounted a portion of his brigade, and immediately engaged them. After a sharp fight the enemy gave way, falling back toward Malone's Crossing. We pursued him vigorously and rapidly, forcing all the cavalry we met to retreat toward Reams' Station, leaving their dead and wounded on the ground. McGregor brought a section of his battery up at this moment, and by a rapid and well-directed fire contributed greatly to the confusion of the enemy. Their guns were admirably served during the whole engagement, and I beg to express my entire satisfaction at the conduct of Captain McGregor and his men. The enemy brought their infantry to take the place of their cavalry, deploying a heavy force in my front, whilst they attempted to turn both my flanks. In this they were foiled, and I held my ground steadily. In the meantime General Hill was notified of the condition of affairs and the position of the enemy, with a suggestion that he should attack promptly. He replied that he would do so, and he desired me to endeavor to draw the enemy down the railroad, so that he could take them in the rear. I withdrew my lines about 400 yards, but the enemy followed with great caution. General Barringer, whom I had sent with his brigade to the east of the railroad, reported that he had met a strong force of infantry, with cavalry, on the road by which he was advancing. I ordered him to picket the road strongly and to join me with his command at Malone's Crossing. This he did just as my line was retired, and I dismounted the Second North Carolina Regiment, under Colonel Roberts, ordering him to take position on the right of the line and to attempt to turn the flank of the enemy if an opportunity offered. At 5 p. m. the artillery of General Hill opened fire, and I at once ordered an advance of my whole line, which was then formed across the railroad at Malone's Crossing. This order was promptly obeyed, and the enemy gave way. They were driven to their works near Reams' Station, giving up several positions which they had fortified. Colonel Roberts, with his regiment, charged here one line of rifle-pits, carrying it handsomely, and capturing from 60 to 75 prisoners. In the meantime, seeing that General Hill was forcing the enemy back from the west side of the railroad into their works around the station, I withdrew all my force from that side of the road and formed a line, with Chambliss' brigade on the left, the North Carolina brigade in the center, and Young's brigade on the right. Rosser formed a second line to support the first, all being dismounted. Some regiments were kept mounted in case cavalry should be needed. The line being formed, the commanding officers were directed to keep the left flank on the railroad, advancing slowly, while the right swung round to strike the rear of the enemy, who were in position behind the railroad bank, and in a work which ran east perpendicularly to the railroad for some distance; then turning north kept parallel with the railroad, enveloping Oak Grove Church. The ground over which my troops advanced was very difficult, and it had been rendered more so by the enemy, who had cut down the timber. In spite of this, and under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry, the line advanced steadily, driving the enemy into his works. Here he made a stubborn stand, and for a few moments checked our advance, but the spirit of the men was so fine that they charged the breast-works with the utmost gallantry, car-

