
ried them, and captured the force holding them. This envied the fighting of the day, my men having been engaged for twelve fours. After the fight General Hill directed me to put my command in the trenches to cover the withdrawal of the infantry. This was done, and I remained with seven regiments at the station until 6.30 the next morning, when, finding that the enemy had withdrawn, I left General Butler to remove our wounded and to collect arms.

A return of captured property brought from the field is inclosed.* We captured 781 prisoners, including 25 commissioned officers, and brought off 66 wounded. One hundred and forty-three of the enemy were buried by my men. My own loss was: In Butler's division - killed, 6; wounded, 25; missing, 2. Barringer's division - killed, 10; wounded, 50; missing, 1. Total killed, 16; wounded, 75; missing, 3. Amongst the trophies of the fight were 3 stand of colors captured by Chambliss' brigade.

I cannot close my report without expressing my high appreciation of the conduct of my command. Officers and men alike discharged their duties to my entire satisfaction. General Butler handled his division skillfully, and he was ably supported by General Rosser and Colonel Wright. The former, though not recovered from his late wound, went through the entire fight, showing the ability and gallantry which have always characterized his conduct. General Barringer commanded Lee's division to my satisfaction, whilst his brigade commanders, Colonel Davis and Colonel Cheek, performed their parts well. Chambliss' brigade was in advance when we met the enemy, and it was engaged all day, displaying through the whole fight marked gallantry.

My staff rendered me great assistance, I beg to express my obligations to them.

The reports of division commanders will be sent to the general commanding as soon as they are received.

Accompanying this is a return of property* brought from the field, and a report* of Federal surgeons as to their dead and wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 27, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command during the late expedition to the rear of the enemy:

On the morning of the 14th instant I moved with the division of Major General William H. F. Lee, the brigades of Rosser and Dearing, and a detachment of 100 men from Young's and Dunovant's brigades, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, Sixth South Carolina Regiment, down the west side of Rowanty Creek to Wilkinson's Bridge, on that stream, where the command bivouacked that night. The object of the expedition was to attempt the capture of a large herd of cattle, which was reported to be grazing near Coggins' Point, on the James River. In order to accomplish this it was necessary to pass to the reat of the

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

