
Hogan, in charge of Butler's scouts, also displayed great activity, intelligence, and boldness. Ot the scouts Sergeant McCalla, First South Carolina Regiment, a most valuable man, was killed and three others were wounded.

Referring the general commanding to the inclosed reports for the detailed accounts of the part taken by the different brigades, and asking his attention to the return of captured property,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 21, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit the reports* of Major General W. H. F. Lee and Brigadier-General Butler in reference to the operations of their commands from the 29th of September to the 28th of October. The information contained in these reports and in the accompanying ones from subordinate officers is so full that it is only necessary for me to state the orders under which their movements were performed, and to express my satisfaction at the manner in which they were executed.

On the morning of the 29th of September the enemy made an attack on the lines of Brigadier-General Butler on the Vaughan road, driving in his pickets and following them to Hatcher's Run. Here Major Fairly, with his dismounted men, met him and drove him back. The attack appearing to be a serious one, I directed Major General William Lee to bring one of his brigades up the Voughan road. His division, under orders from the general commanding, was then moving to the north side of the James River, and one brigade was ordered to move up the plank road to the vicinity of Petersburg to halt there. The enemy had fallen back to McDowell's farm, when General Lee brought up Barringer's brigade and at once ordered an attack. This was made promptly and most successfully. The enemy was driven to Wyatt's farm, leaving in our hands quite a number of prisoners. The troops behaved as well as possible and they were well led by their officers. The picket-line was re-established. Butler returned to his camp and Lee, with Barringer's brigade, joined Chambliss' brigade on the plank road.

The next morning I rode up to look after the lines held by Dearing's brigade, which was in the trenches, under command of Colonel Griffin, General Dearing being quite unwell. Soon after arriving at the headquarters of General Dearing information was brought to me that his brigade had been driven from the works, which were then in the possession of the enemy. A full report of this affair has already been forwarded to the general commanding and an investigation into it by a court of inquiry is now progressing. Upon consultation with General Heth, it was determined to attack the enemy, he to strike them in front and I to move on their left flank. I moved Lee's division down the Harman [Vaughan?] road and occupied some works which were found there. In the meantime the infantry had become engaged, and as the enemy moved up to

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

