
filled on either side of the ford with fallen trees and deep holes dug in and about the ford, making the position impracticable to mounted and almost so to dismounted men; had slight skirmish with the enemy, in which 2 officers and 5 men were wounded; the command returned to camp.

December 8[9]. - Moved to Hatcher's Run with First Division, Second Army Corps, in command of Brigadier-General Miles, and after some skirmishing crossed and scouted to near Boydton plank road; returned at sundown to Cummings' house.

December 9[10]. - Returned to camp.

December 10[11]. - Moved to Old Tavern, on the Jerusalem plank road; returned to Proctor's at night.

December 11[12]. - Returned to camp.

December 14. - Went on picket near Zion Church.

December 17. - Relieved and returned to camp.

SIXTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

August 1. - In camp at Prince George Court-House, Va.

August 2. - Went on picket to Mount Sinai Church.

August 5. - Relieved and marched to Light-House Point.

August 6 to 8. - In camp.

August 9. - Marched to Prince George Court-House.

August 10 to 12. - In camp.

August 13. - Crossed Appomattox and James Rivers.

August 14. - Skirmish near Malvern Hill; on picket at same place.

August 15. - Relieved by the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

August 16. - Moved on Charles City road; met the enemy; captured General Chambliss, C. S. Army, who afterward died of wounds received; heavily engaged.

August 17. - In camp.

August 18. - On picket.

August 21. - Crossed James and Appomattox Rivers; moved to the left wing of the army.

August 22. - In camp near Weldon railroad.

August 23. - Marched to Reams' Station; went on a reconnaissance; discovered the enemy in considerable force; had considerable fighting; brigade ordered out; held line until dark.

August 24. - On picket one mile west of Reams' Station, on battle-ground of 23rd instant.

August 25. - Picket driven in; enemy charged us; we countercharged and drove them; they returned with infantry; we fell back inside breast-works; acted as provost guard to infantry; loss, 2 killed and 5 wounded.

August 26. - Encamped near plank road.

August 27. - In camp.

August 28. - Moved camp one mile farther north.

August 29. - In camp.

August 30. - General inspection at 8 a. m.; relieved Thirteenth and Second Pennsylvania Cavalry on picket two miles and a half south of camp.

August 31. - On picket two miles and a half from McCann's; reserve near plank road.

September 1 to 3. - On picket on Jerusalem plank road.

September 9 to 11. - Regiment on picket.

September 12. - Relieved by the First Maine Cavalry.

