
on this occasion, as on all other fields from Manassas to this one, displayed ability and gallantry, and I hope he may receive the promotion he deserves.

While Butler was attacking on the White Oak road, Lee struck the enemy on the plank road and drove him handsomely. I passed to his line of battle and formed a junction between Butler and himself, thus enveloping the enemy on three sides. We had driven him in on all the roads, and he was massed in the field around the houses of Bond and Burgess. The night having grown very dark and a heavy rain coming on I was forced to pause in my attack, but I ordered the line held all night, so that we might attack at daylight the next morning.

The plan of attack had been agreed on between General Heth and myself, but at 3.30 a. m. he informed me that he would not be able to get the troops he expected to operate with. This changed the plan, and in the morning the enemy was found to have retired from the field, leaving his dead and many wounded in my hands. I at once followed him, Dearing's brigade being in advance, and struck his rear guard between Dabney's and Armstrong's Mills. dearing charged and drove him across the creek. He formed near Armstrong's house and was again charged and driven, when he fell back behind his infantry lines. I then withdrew my command and the troops returned to camp.

The enemy left in his retreat several caissons, three ambulances, burned, many small-arms and accouterments. We captured 239 prisoners, besides the wounded, of whom there were a large number.

My command behaved well, and I have again to express my pride in their good conduct. The accompanying reports* will show the parts taken by the different brigades.

Major Chew here, as in all the previous fights of the command, behaved admirably, and handled his artillery to great advantage. I beg to recommend him for promotion, and that he may be assigned to the command of all the artillery of the Cavalry Corps.

Captain Hart, a brave and deserving officer, lost a leg while fighting his guns close up to the enemy.

The members of my staff rendered me great assistance during the engagement, and I take pleasure in expressing my obligation to them.

Inclosed you will find a list* of casualties and a return of captured property.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 21, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the recent movement of the enemy against the line of railroad between Stony Creek Depot and Belfield:

Hearing on the morning of the 7th of December that the enemy, in heavy force, was moving down the Jerusalem plank road, I came to Stony Creek Depot and ordered Butler to cross the Nottoway River that night. Lee, in the meantime, was directed to move his com-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

