
mand by the same route taken by Butler. Butler crossed the river at Gee's Ford, and, moving up the Halifax road, met the enemy near Fields' house at sunrise on the morning of the 8th. The enemy had struck the Halifax road at that time, and I found that they were marching on a road one mile and a half east of me. Finding that a strong column of infantry and cavalry were passing up this road, after feeling the enemy and developing his force and destination, I recrossed the Nottoway with the intention of moving rapidly by Wyatt's Mill up to Belfield, thus placing myself in front of the enemy. At 1 p. m. I received a telegraphic dispatch from the general commanding, informing me that Lieutenant-General Hill was moving through Dinwiddie toward Belfield and directing me to communicate with him. At the same time two staff officers of General Hill joined me and informed me as to the movements of General Hill. By these officers I sent to him all the information in my possession as to the enemy, and I also wrote to him at 2.30 p. m., reiterating this information and urging him to march that night so as to be able to intercept the enemy. At Wyatt's Mill, where I halted a few hours, I wrote again twice, telling him what my plans were, informing him where the enemy had encamped, and urging him to move his command that night.

At 2 a. m. on the 9th my command was in motion and the head of my column very near Belfield at daylight. I at once made dispositions to defend Hicksford and the railroad bridge over Meherrin, in conjunction with Colonel Garnett, who commanded the post at that point. The enemy moved on slowly and cautiously, and he did not make his appearance before Belfield until 3 p. m. The troops of Colonel Garnett, assisted by the batteries of Hart and McGregor, opened fire rapidly and with effect on him, driving him back promptly. The assault was a feeble one, and it was not renewed, though a sharp fire was kept up until after night. Upon consultation with Lieutenant-General Hill, who came to see me during that night, it was determined that I should endeavor to pass the left flank of the enemy and gain his rear, while General Hill would move to Jarratt's Station and strike him there.

At daylight the next morning, after my movement had commenced, I found that the enemy were retreating. Sending this information to General Hill, I directed Major-General Lee to push after the enemy, to develop his movement. His rear guard was driven across Three Creek, which stream he was holding with a strong force of cavalry and artillery. I immediately passed down the creek, crossed it, and moved rapidly to get on the road which leads from Jarratt's to Sussex Court-House. As soon as we struck this road we found the enemy on it in full retreat. General Lee charged with one regiment as soon as the road was reached, throwing a part of the regiment down and a part up the road. The cavalry of the enemy which was met was driven on rapidly, with loss and in confusion, and the infantry of the rear guard was gallantly charged. These latter made only a short stand and retreated, destroying a bridge behind them. The pursuit on our part continued during the remainder of the day, the enemy blockading the road, destroying the bridges, and only fighting at the obstructions he had placed in the road. At Morris' Mill we drove him from the bridge, and pushing on soon met some cavalry, charging and dispersing them. The leading squadron of the Third North Carolin dashed into the main body of the enemy, who were found preparing to go into camp. Finding their whole force there, I withdrew to Morris' Mill, two miles back, to bivouac. From this point I notified General Hill of the position of the enemy, telling

