
him that he had gone into camp, with every indication of remaining there all night. I also gave this information to Major-General Heth, who was not on the same road with General Hill.

Being informed that our infantry had given up the pursuit of the enemy, I sent one regiment at daylight the next morning to follow to the Nottoway River, while I endeavored with the rest of the command to get across to the Jerusalem plank road in time to intercept the retreating column there. I found this impracticable, so I withdrew my force to Stony Creek.

The accompanying reports* of Major-Generals Lee and Butler and Brigadier-General Dearing give full particulars of the part taken by their respective commands.

My losses were slight, while those of the enemy were considerable. We captured between 250 and 300 prisoners, together with a number of arms.

The officers and men behaved admirably. Lieutenant-Colonel Garnett, commanding reserves and defenses at Hicksford, made judicious dispositions and acted with gallantry.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 11.

September 18, 1864.

The major-general commanding takes pride in communicating to his command the praise which their recent achievement has won from the commanding general, who, in acknowledging his report of the successful return of his command from the rear of the enemy's army, says:

You will please convey to the officers and men of your command my thanks for the courage and energy with which they executed our orders, by which they have added another to the list of important services rendered by the cavalry during the present campaign.

To such praise the major-general commanding would only add the expression of his own appreciation of the gallantry of his officers and men, whose conduct in battle is all that he could desire, and inspires him with pride and perfect confidence in such a command.

By command of Major General Wade Hampton.

H. B. MCCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 29, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: A paragraph in your official report leads me to suppose that you are under a misapprehension in reference to the movements

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

