
works completed, the enemy could not have crossed. They have shown us our weakest point, and I hope that we will take prompt measures to strengthen it.

Asking your indulgence for this letter, which has exceeded the limit I proposed for it,

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 31, 1864.

Major General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 29th instant recounting the movements of the enemy on the 27th. My report to the Secretary of War was formed from the telegraphic dispatch from General Hill. From the lines you quote I perceive there is an error in punctuation. The stop should have been after "cavalry." I intended by the use of the latter word to designate only that portion as being driven back which was opposed to the advance of the enemy at the creek, but I did not wish to particularize, as I did not desire the enemy to know what force was on our extreme right. General Hill stated that Young's and Dearing's brigades were thus driven back. When he wrote I presume he was not informed of all that occurred in the field. In a letter to General Hill to-day I expressed my gratification at the conduct of the troops in general and of the cavalry in particular, desiring him to communicate my thanks to you and your command. I am much pleased to learn from your letter of their admirable behavior.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

Numbers 375. Report of John Maxwell, Secret Service, Confederate States, of explosion at City Point.

RICHMOND, December 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your order, and with the means and equipment furnished me by you, I left this city 26th of July last, for the line of the James River, to operate with the Horological torpedo against the enemy's vessels navigating that river. I had with me Mr. R. K. Dillard, who was well acquainted with the localities, and whose services I engaged for the expedition. On arriving in Isle of Wight County, on the 2nd of August, we learned of immense supplies of stores being landed at City Point, and for the purpose, by stratagem, of introducing our machine upon the vessels there discharging stores, started for that point. We reached there before daybreak on the 9th of August last, with a small amount of provisions, having traveled mostly by night and crawled upon our knees to pass the east picket-line. Requesting my companion to remain behind about half a mile I approached cautiously the wharf, with my machine and powder covered by a small box. Finding the captain had come

