
[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 17, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Brigadier-General Rains.

Z. MCDANIEL,

Captain Company A, Secret Service.

[Second indorsement.]

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Present:

Respectfully forwarded, with remark that John Maxwell and R. K. Dillard were sent by Captain McDaniel into the enemy's lines by my authority for some such purpose, and the supposition was strong, as soon as the tremendous explosion occurred at City Point on the 9th of August last, that it was done through their agency, but of course no report could be made until the parties returned, which they did on Wednesday last, and gave an account of their proceedings. This succinct narrative is but an epitome of their operations, which necessarily implies secrecy for the advantage of this kind of service as well as their own preservation. John Maxwell is a bold operator and well calculated for such exploits, and also his coadjutor, R. K. Dillard.

G. J. RAINS,

Brigadier-General, Superintendent.

[For the Confederate Roll of Honor in the battles of the Weldon Railroad, Reams' Station, Fort Harrison,, and Darbytown Road, see Vol. XL, Part I, pp. 811, 812.]

SEPTEMBER 9, 1864. - Capture of Steamer Fawn and skirmish at Currituck Bridge, Va.

Report of Colonel David W. Wardrop, Ninety-ninth New York Infantry, commanding Sub-District of Albemarle.

HEADQUARTER SUB-DISTRICT OF ALBEMARLE,

On board Steamer Trumpeter, September 10, 1864.

SIR: I regret to inform you that the steamer Fawn was captured and burned by the enemy at Currituck Bridge yesterday at 6 p. m. I have examined and passed the wreck; she is completely destroyed. At Currituck Bridge I found the body of Charles H. Gibson, D Company, Twenty-third Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, killed; Charles Fox, I Company, same regiment, seriously wounded. He informed me that 1 lieutenant-colonel, 2 majors, and 1 first lieutenant (I have ascertained to be Lieutenant J. M. wilson, One hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers), 8 enlisted men, all of the Twenty-third Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, some civilians (2 of whom are wounded) together with the crew, are all prisoners. Mr. Simmons, a resident at the bridge, was a passenger on the boat, and states that the enemy numbered about thirty-five men, and were commanded by one Hopkins, formerly a

