
packet-master on the canal and a resident of Norfolk, now an officer on the rebel ram Albemarle, and that the expedition was gotten up expressly to capture the mail boat on this route. He thinks that they overlooked the baggage and maills, as he saw what property they took away, and they were not among it. Please advise me what steps will be taken to keep this route open. I will send a boat on Monday to meet the boat from Norfolk if you send one.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. WARDROP,

Colonel Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General G. F. SHEPLEY,

Commanding District of Eastern Virginia, Norfolk, Va.

OCTOBER 11 - 13, 1864. - Scout from Camp Palmer to Gum Swamp, N. C.

Report of Lieutenant Gilbert E. Overton, Twelfth New York Cavalry.
HDQRS. TWELFTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Palmer, near New Berne, N. C., October 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Colonel Savage, who is ill, desires me to make the following report:

He left this camp on the night of the 11th instant with about 150 men of this regiment, and proceeded up the back road, meeting with no incident until he arrived at Mr. Noble's house, at about 7 o'clock the following morning. At this house was a patrol of 4 men, who had captured the night before 3 escaped prisoners from Florence, and 6 negroes, who were making their way to our lines. A few shots were exchanged between his advance and the patrol, but the rebels succeeded in escaping into a dances warp; their prisoners, however, were liberated and brought in. Some miles above Noble's he took a path through the woods, which brought him into the rear of Gum Swamp breast-works, where he arrived about 12 m. 12th instant, capturing a picket-post of 4 mounted men. Unfortunately, owing to inaccurate information as to the time when the wagons, which were collecting railroad iron, would arrive at Gum Swamp, and the means of escape they would have, they succeeded in escaping to the Neuse road and got out of his reach. From that point a portion of his force returned down the railroad and another down the Dover road, uniting with Colonel Hitchcock at Sandy Ridge, and reaching this camp early on the morning of the 13th instant after a march of about 60 miles. Captured prisoners number 7 white men (one of whom, however, was taken at his own desire), 6 negroes, who were working for the rebel Government on the railroad, and 9 or 10 horses, besides the Union men and negroes liberated from the patrol. Therewere no casualties on our side.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully your obedient servant,

G. E. OVERTON,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Twelfth New York Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain E. T. PARKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

