
4 barrels of apple brandy, used for firing the buildings at the depot, 6 bags of salt, and 36 barrels of pork, 6 bales of cotton cloth and yarn, a quantity of bacon, 100 stand of small-arms, the depot buildings and the culvert on the railroad. The post-office was destroyed and a large rebel mail, consisting of several bushels, was captured and brought in. About 100 head of cattle were taken and brought in, and await further orders at Bernard's Mills.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

D. M. EVANS,

Lieutenant Colonel Twentieth New York Cavalry, Commanding District.

Captain S. L. MCHENRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NORFOLK AND PORTSMOUTH,Portsmouth, Va., October 19, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded,

Captain Carroll certainly conducted this expedition with judgment and skill, as the success it met with testifies. I would recommend that the commanding general of the department mention him in orders for having left a sick bed to accompany the expedition, and for the skill with which he conducted it. In regard to Private Lonsway, I would state that his education is not of such a character as to fit him for the position of an officer, but that I deem his conduct worthy of special honor, and would respectfully recommend that a medal be given him for the bravery he displayed in swimming the river in the face of the enemy's sharpshooters. It will be seen that this was the second time Private L. performed the hazardous feat of crossing the river.

VOGDES,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN VIRGINIA,Norfolk, Va., October 19, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded. Brigadier-General Vogdes' remarks and recommendations are heartily approved. This expedition was ordered by me for the double purpose of a reconnaissance to ascertain the force of the enemy on the Blackwater and to destroy the ferry-boats, so that they could not be used to transport troops.

G. F. SHEPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 16 - 18, 1864. - Expedition from City Point into Surry County, Va.

Report of Captain Julius W. Mason, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, commanding Escort, Headquarters Armies of the United States.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT FIFTH U. S. CAVALRY,City Point, Va., October 19, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from headquarters Armies of the United States, I proceeded on the 16th instant with my command of the Fifth U. S. Cavalry and the

Sixth

