
September 13 and 14. - In camp.

September 15. - Made a reconnaissance on the left of infantry via Poplar Spring Church toward Dinwiddie Court-House; had a slight skirmish; no casualties; returned to camp at 11 p. m.

September 16. - At 9 a. m. went with division on raid some ten or twelve miles outside our lines, on Jerusalem plank road; thence toward Stony Creek Station to railroad; returned to old camp at 7 p. m. of 17th; had no casualties.

September 18 to 27. - In camp; daily drill in manual of arms.

September 27 to 30. - On picket on Jerusalem plank road.

October 1 to 6. - Regiment on picket; enemy almost constantly scouting along picket-line.

October 7 to 26. - In camp and on picket.

October 26. - Regiment broke camp and marched with division to Yellow Tavern.

October 27. - Took and active part in engagement on Boydton plank road; loss, 5 men killed, 2 officers and 22 men wounded.

October 28 to 31. - In camp and mustered for pay.

November 1 to 30. - In camp, on picket, and building winter quarters.

December 1. - Regiment, with division, marched to Stony Creek Station; engaged the enemy; captured the station, with a number of prisoners and a large amount of commissary stores; returned to camp same day.

December 6. - Relieved from picket and prepared to march.

December 7. - Marched with division to Sussex Court-House, fighting; no casualties.

December 8. - At 4 a. m. marched to Jarratt's Station, Weldon railroad; brigade engaged the enemy; regiment in reserve, supporting.

December 9. - Regiment on picket on Meherrin River.

December 10. - Returned to Sussex Court-House and encamped.

December 11. - Marched to Proctor's house and encamped.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

FIRST MAINE CAVALRY.

October 1. - Regiment fell in the rear of First Brigade, which was moving from left to right on the Vaughan road, and acted as rear guard; were attacked by the enemy; the First Brigade withdrew across ice pond and formed; First Brigade was then ordered back and the regiment reported to Second Brigade; went into camp near Wyatt road.

October 2. - Moved out on the Squirrel Level road two miles; came back to camp.

October 8. - Nine companies went on picket under Major Thaxter.

October 9. - Returned to camp near Petersburg.

October 12. - Part of the regiment went on picket on Lee's Mill road.

October 21. - Received orders to move at 2 p. m.; marched to near Yellow Tavern and encamped for the night.

October 27. - Marched at daylight, taking the Dinwiddie Court-House road to the military road; then followed the military road to Gravelly Creek; found the enemy in position with artillery; regiment dismounted and charged with Twenty-first Pennsylvania, mounted, on the flank; drove the enemy from the hill through their camp and took some prisoners; then fell in rear of brigade and marched to Boydton plank road, where a junction was made with the Second Corps. At 4 p. m. the

