
We reached Portsmouth at 12 noon, having been gone four days, capturing 10 prisoners, 7 horses (used to convey prisoners), 6 cattle, and 16 bales of cotton. The conduct of the command was excellent, molesting neither property nor persons. My guide, Thomas D. Sanders, was very faithful and energetic, proving true to me in every particular, taking as much interest in arresting prisoners as any one in the command, and in consideration of his valuable services I would recommend him to the clemency of the commanding general. The citizens were exceedingly anxious to ascertain by what route I intended to return. I instructed my men to say by way of Gatesville and Suffolk. Instead of doing so, I returned by way of Ballyhock.

The following are the names of prisoners captured: Captain W. Myers, Company D, Sixty-sixth North Carolina; Privates Nathan Smith, William J. Barker, Ambrose Elliot, Joseph H. White, Kinchon Howell, Darius White, Anderson Elliot, of Company D, Sixty-sixth North Carolina; James Denby, Company D, Sixty-first Virginia Regiment; Spence D. Gray, ram Albemarle.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. O. WEYMOUTH,

Major and Provost-Marshal.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 7 - 27, 1864. - Expedition to and operations against Fort Fisher, N. C.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1. - Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General Adelbert Ames, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 3. - Bvt. Brigadier General N. Martin Curtis, One hundred and forty- second New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 4. - Lieutenant Colonel Albert M. Barney, One hundred and forty-second New York Infantry.

Numbers 5. - Major General Godfrey Weitzel, U. S. Army, commanding Twenty- fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 6. - Lieutenant Colonel Clark E. Royce, Sixth U. S. Colored Troops, Second Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 7. - Major Thomas Lincoln Casey, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army.

Numbers 8. - General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 9. - Major General William H. C. Whiting, C. S. Army, commanding Third Military District, Department of North Carolina.

Numbers 10.- Brigadier General Louis Hebert, C. S. Army, commanding Defenses Mouth of Cape Fear River.

Numbers 11.- Major William J. Saunders, C. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

Numbers 12.- Colonel William Lamb, Thirty-sixth North Carolina Regiment (Second North Carolina Artillery), commanding Fort Fisher.

Numbers 13.- Captain John C. Little, C. S. Artillery, Ordnance Officer.

Numbers 14.- Surg. Spyers Singleton, C. S. Army.

Numbers 15.- Lieutenant Thomas Arendell, Tenth North Carolina Regiment (First North Caroline Artillery).

---------------

* For Union naval reports, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, 1865.

---------------

