
enemy attacked our division on the left and rear. The regiment dismounted and formed on the right of our lines and checked any farther advance of the enemy. At 12 m. received orders to move back to camp on the same road; arrived near Yellow Tavery on the morning of the 28th; regiment went on picket on the Wyatt road.

October 30. - Returned to camp near Petersburg.

October 31. - Mustered for pay.

Total loss during the month: 9 killed, 59 wounded, 12 missing. The regiment has marched 128 miles during the month.

[November.] - The regiment has been on picket three times during the month; has marched twenty-five miles.

December 1. - Companies C, D, F, G, H, and I (200 men), under the regimental commander, marched with the division via the McCann, Lee's Mill, and Jerusalem plank roads toward Stony Creek Station; at the bridge across the Rowanty halted with the brigade, while the First and Second Brigades went to the station and accomplished their work. The enemy followed them on their return. The Firs Maine covered their crossing of the bridge; kept the enemy at ba until the pioneers destroyed the bridge and the division was well on their return. The duty of guarding the rear was then turned over to the Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry, but afterward, the rear being severely pressed, the First Maine was again ordered to protect it, which was again ordered to protect it, which was then turned over to the Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry, but afterward, the rear being severely pressed, the First Maine was again ordered to protect it, which was successfully done.

December 7. - At 6 a. m. moved with the division via the McCann, Lee's Mill, and Jerusalem plank roads; forded the Nottoway near Freeman's Bridge and bivouacked near Sussex Court-House.

December 8. - Moved at 5 a. m.; burned the railroad bridge across the Nottoway and the neighboring barracks; tore up and destroyed three-quarters of a mile of the railroad; advanced near Jarratt's Station.

December 9. - Moved at 6 a. m.; advanced slowly along the railroad, guarding the infantry in their work of destruction; forded Three Creeks about 3 p. m., losing 3 horses; from 5 to 7.30 engaged in tearing up and destroying the railroad within range of the enemy's guns at Belfield.

December 10. - Moved at 5 a. m. on the return march. After crossing Three Creeks halted until the infantry and cavalry were well on the road, when, with the Twenty-first Pennsylvania, acted as rear guard. Three or four miles below Jarratt's Station the enemy pressed us with artillery; regiment formed this side of a shoal stream until the Twenty-first moved by, then checked the enemy and destroyed the bridge. Captain Heald's battalion here took the rear; the rest of the regiment was ordered to close up the gap between the Third and First Brigades at Jarratt's Station; relieved the Tenth New York and held the crossing until all the brigade passed. The enemy opened on the regiment sharply with artillery, but was successfully held in check, and did not afterward trouble the rear; bivouacked near Coman's Well; marched to camp; the remainder of the month on picket.

SIXTH OHIO CAVALRY.

October 1. - Regiment was engaged in the action on the Vaughan and Squirrel Level roads, and met with considerable loss in men captured, owing to our dismounted skirmishers not being properly supported. Two officers and 44 men were captured by a mounted charge

7 R R - VOL XLII, PT I

