
rations only will be taken. Two pack-mules for division and brigade headquarters will be allowed. Mounted officers will take but one horse for personal use. The chief quartermaster has been instructed to furnish 150 sets of mule harness. It is expected to get animals from the enemy's country. The chief quartermaster will also furnish a party of wharf builders and a small amount of material for landings, &amp; c. Thirty launches will be taken on at Fort Monroe. The chief signal officer has been instructed to order signal officers and men to report to you. Lieutenant Parsons, with a company of engineer soldiers, will report to you; 500 shovels, 250 axes, and 100 picks have been prepared. It is expected that the necessary transportation will be ready by to-morrow at Deep Bottom. You will report in person to the major-general commanding for further instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant for his information, and with the earnest request that he will make any suggestion that may occur to him in aid of the engagement [expedition?].

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., December 6, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Army of the James:

I had sent you a cipher dispatch before receiving copy of your instructions to General Weitzel. I think it advisable all embarkation should take place at Bermuda. The number of entrenching tools, I think, should be increased three or four times.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., December 7, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Let General Weitzel get off as soon as possible. We don't want the navy to wait an hour.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,December 7, 1864 - 8 p. m. (Received 8.15 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Weitzel's command is encamped at signal tower near Point of Rocks. Admiral Porter telegraphs he will be ready by to-morrow.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

