
of three regiments of the enemy. Three men were killed in this engagement, and it is quite probable that several of those captured were wounded.

The regiment, together with one squadron of the First U. S. Cavalry, the whole under orders from Captain Mason, of General Grant's escort, were on a three days' reconnaissance in the rear of the army. Scouting parties penetrated as far as Jamestown, Raccoon Castle, and Blackwater. The object of this movement seemed to be to drive from the country the enemy's scouts and small parties, who were continually cutting the telegraph between Fort Powhattan and Jamestown; captured several wagons, negroes, citizens, &amp; c. The duty of the regiment has been picketing the line extending from James River to left of army.

October 24. - The regiment was relieved from duty in the First Brigade, and ordered to report to commanding officer Third Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

October 27. - Were on the advance of the cavalry in the advance of the army. Were in the action on the Boydton plank road, losing 1 officer and 2 men killed and 13 wounded. Returned to our old camp, and the end of the month finds the regiment picketing across the Vaughan road, connecting with infantry on right.

[November.] - No events of importance have occurred in this period; the regiment was with the division on the reconnaissance of the 7th instant; since that time no marching has been done.

December 8 to 10. - The regiment was engaged on the reconnaissance across Hatcher's Creek, having a brisk fight with the enemy.

December 11. - Was with the expedition under Generals Warren and Gregg, going out to Hawkinsville, on the Jerusalem plank road, and returning to camp the same day.

SECOND NEW YORK MOUNTED RIFLES.

November 30. - Regiment was mounted and ordered to report to commanding officer Second Cavalry Division; assigned to Third Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, same date.

[December.] - The regiment participated in raid to Stony Creek, Va., the first duty done mounted; also the raid to Belfield. On returning formed the rear guard for Fifth Corps; was twice attacked by rebel cavalry, but successfully repulsed them. At Nottoway River three companies (B, E, and K), under Lieutenant Numan, Company K, were ordered back to pick up stragglers from the infantry column and guard them to army headquarters. The 10th this detachment was, with other forces, orderes on a reconnaissance; met the enemy at Hatcher's Run; had a slight engagement. Number of miles marched by this command during the month, 150.

TWENTY-FIRST PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

October 1. - Regiment was ordered to report to dismounted camp to be remounted; was remounted, and on the 17th reported to the commanding officer cavalry division.

October 26 to 28. - Participated in scout in the direction of the South Side Railroad; was engaged with the enemy on Boydton plank road October 27.

October 28. - Returned to camp near Petersburg.

