
I would make special mention of Acting Master Haynes, Acting Ensign Smith, and Mr. Canfield, second mate of the steamer General Lyon, for their indefatigable exertions for the relief of troops in re-embarking through a fearful surf.

Not having received reports from the several regimental commanders, I am unable to give a more complete report at present, but will furnish one at the earlier opportunity.

For Lieutenant Walling's gallantry in capturing the rebel colors I would most respectfully request that he be brevetted major, he having already been recommended for a captaincy in his regiment.

Very respectfully,

N. M. CURTIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain CHARLES A. CARLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Albert M. Barney, One hundred and forty-second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 142nd REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,January 1, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent expedition in North Carolina:

The regiment left camp near the New Market road, Va., on the 7th od December and marched to Point of Rocks. On the morning of the 8th instant proceeded to Bermuda Hundred, Va., and embarked on board the steam-ship Charles Thomas, and proceeded to Fortress Monroe, where we arrived on the 9th instant, and remained until 3 p. m. on the 13th when we proceeded up the Potomac River to Mathias Point and turned down the river and proceeded to Masonborough Inlet, off which point we lay until the night of the 20th instant, when, owing to the storm, we proceeded up the coast to Beaufort, N. C., and then put to sea in a gale. During the storm six of the horses on board were ruined and were thrown overboard. Put into Beaufort on the 22nd for coal and water, where we remained until the 24th instant at 4 p. m., when we sailed for New Inlet, with orders from Major-General Butler to report to division commander, which we did at midnight. On the morning of the 25th proceeded down the coast and got into position for landing as soon as possible. The landing was effected at about 2.30 p. m. Skirmishers were at once thrown out, and the regiment moved down the beach in the direction of Fort Fisher. During the bombardment from the fleet the flag-staff was shot down, when Lieutenant William H. Walling went into the fort and brought it away. At 6 p. m. the whole regiment was ordered forward and took up position about 300 yards in front of Fort Fisher, on the [Cape] Fear River side of the point, where we remained until about 7.30 p. m., when orders were received to withdraw, which was done at once and the re-embarkation commenced. My regiment all got off safely, but 164 men and six officers, who had to remain on the shore until the 27th, when the balance were taken off and placed on board steam-ship Victor, in which we proceeded to Aiken's Landing, on the James River, where we landed and marched to camp, arriving at 8 p. m. on the 30th of December.

