
During the occupation of Federal Point and the action on the 25th of December the following casualties occurred: Wounded, 11 enlisted men; captured, 1, First Lieutenant Charles Smith.

All the officers and men under my command behaved gallantly. I take pleasure in recommending First. Lieutenant William H. Walling for promotion for his gallantry and daring in capturing the garrison flag of Fort Fisher.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. BARNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant D. A. NEVIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Major General Godfrey Weitzel, U. S. Army, commanding Twenty-fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., December 31, 1864.

In accordance with orders I moved on the evening of the 7th instant with about 7,000 men of Ames' (Second) division, Twenty-fourth Corps, and Paine's (First) division, of the Twenty-fifth Corps, to the rear of the left of our lines at Bermuda Hundred, and bivouacked for the night at the signal tower.

During the night I received an order from the general commanding to move my command at daylight next morning to Bermuda Hundred and embark it on transports that would be furnished, and then rendezvous at Fortress Monroe. This was done. We lay here until the 13th instant awaiting for the navy to get ready and the weather to improve. At 3 a. m. on the 13th the transport fleet, by direction of General Butler, moved up the Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River to Mathias Point, and returned the next day and proceeded to sea, arriving off the rendezvous at Masonborough Inlet on the evening of the 15th. We lay here until the evening of the 18th, when Admiral Porter arrived. The weather during sixty hours of this period had been perfectly calm, and the sea smooth, but on the evening of the 18th there was quite a rough sea, making it impossible for troops to be landed on the beach; Admiral Porter was, therefore, requested to delay his attack until the sea became smooth, so that we could co-operate with him. The weather became more stormy, the sea rougher, and on the 20th, 21st, 22nd, and 23rd it blew a gale, compelling most of the vessels of the transport fleet to seek shelter in Beaufort Harbor, and to get a fresh supply of coal and water. On the 24th, at an early hour as possible, we left Beaufort Harbor for New Inlet, and found upon our arrival, just before dark, the navy engaged in shelling Fort Fisher. Shortly after dark, by direction of the commanding general, I proceeded on board of the flag-ship, in company with Lieutenant-Colonel Comstock, aide-de-camp on General Grant's staff, and learned from Admiral Porter that the powder vessel had exploded at 1.40 a. m. that day, close to Fort Fisher, and that he had commenced that attack at daylight, firing his first shot after 12 m., and that the rebels had replied with little or no spirit to his fire, and he seemed sanguine of an easy capture of the work. I reported this to General Butler upon my return, and I was then directed to land a reconnoitering party of about 500 men on the following day to push as

