
General Curtis, personally, and his whole command, were under my eye, and they all behaved splendidly and deserve commendation. Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Jackson, inspector-general and chief of artillery on my staff, remained with the skirmish line near Fort Fisher until after dark, and deserves reward for his gallantry.

I would respectfully refer to the accompanying reports of General Ames and General Curtis for further details. From these you will see that our total loss was 1 officer captured, 1 man drowned in re-embarking, and 15 wounded, nearly all the latter by our own naval fire.

The garrison of Flag-Pond Hill Battery belonged to Kirkland's brigade, of Hoke's division, and unanimously reported that they left Richmond on the Tuesday previous, arriving at Wilmington on the Friday previous. From some of these and other prisoners we took, we learn that Kirkland's and Hagoon'd brigades had already arrived, and that the remainder of Hoke's division was on the way.

Brigadier-General Graham, with his command, had charge of our boats and landing material, and deserves the greatest credit for his industry and energy in getting these into system and organizing them, and for the efficient services he had his command rendered during the disembarkation and re-embarkation of the troops.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General of Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Clark E. Royce, Sixth U. S. Colored Troops, Second Brigade, First Division.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Near Chaffin's Farm, Va., January 1, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Sixth U. S. Colored Troops in the late naval expedition:

Having embarked the regiment at Bermuda Hundred on the evening of the 8th ultimo, with five days' rations and forage, on the steam propeller New Jersey, I received orders to proceed to Hampton Roads and transfer my command to the steamer Admiral Du Pont. On the afternoon of the 9th ultimo, arriving in Hampton Roads, the men and rations were transferred to the Admiral Du Pont. There being no accommodations for horses on that steamer, the horses of the regiment, six in number, were put aboard the steamer Salvor, and all shot and thrown overboard during the storm of the 21st ultimo, off Beaufort, N. C. At midnight of the 9th ultimo took on board twenty days' additional rations; lay at anchor with the rest of the fleet until the morning of the 12th ultimo, Monday, when a brig, dragging her anchor in the storm, ran into the Admiral Du Pont, and stove a hole in her port quarter; were ordered to Norfolk for repairs. On the morning of the 12th I received written orders from Brigadier-General Paine, commanding division, "to sail to-morrow morning at 3 o'clock up the Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River to Mathias Point, at eight knots per hour, but keeping close up with the rest of the transport fleet." A sealed dispatch was inclosed to be opened at Mathias Point. The repairs on the

