
November 7. - The regiment participated in a scout in the direction of Stony Creek; returned to camp same night.

December 7 to 11. - The regiment participated in raid to Stony Creek; also the raid to Belfield.

ARMY OF THE JAMES.

TENTH ARMY CORPS.*

August 14. - Leaving First Brigade, Second Division, on line at Bermuda Hundred, crossed the James, drove the enemy from his rifle-pits near the Kingsland road; crossed Bailey's Creek and took a battery of four 8-inch howitzers.

August 15. - Moved to Deep Run.

August 16. - Battle of Deep Run.

August 18. - Moved on Long Bridge road to Ruffin's; attack made by the enemy repulsed.

August 20. - Recrossed the James to entrenchments at Bermuda Hundred.

August 23. - Commenced exchange of place with the Eighteenth Corps, Tenth Corps taking position before Petersburg and Eighteenth Corps in entrenchments at Bermuda Hundred and Deep Bottom.

September 24. - Corps withdrawn from the lines in front of Petersburg.

September 28. - Marched to Deep Bottom.

September 29. - Crossed the James; carried the enemy's lines at New Market Heights, and, advancing on the New Market road, took their line of entrenchments near the junction of the New Market and Mill roads; made reconnaissance within three miles of Richmond; returned to Laurel Hill and entrenched.

October 1. - Reconnaissance made in vicinity of Richmond by entire command, advancing on the Darbytown road to within two miles of the city and retired to our line of works at night.

October 7. - The enemy vigorously assaulted the lines in the night, causing the Cavalry Division to fall back. They were timely re-enforced by the First Division of this command, and the enemy repulsed with loss.

October 13. - A portion of the command made a reconnaissance, advancing on the Darbytown road about two miles, where the enemy were found in force, and were driven back into a newly constructed line of works, some three miles from our lines; skirmishing, &amp; c.

October 27. - A third reconnaissance was made on the Darbytown road, the right of the column resting on the Charles City road; found the enemy strongly entrenched as before.

October 29. - Returned within our works.

[November.] - The corps holds the same position as per last return. The troops have been well drilled and are in a state of efficiency.

First Division.

August 13. - The First and Second Brigades left the entrenchments in front of Bermuda Hundred at 11 p. m. for Deep Bottom

August 14. - Arrived in the morning and joined the Third Brigade, already there. Attacked the enemy near the Kingsland road just after

---------------

*Commanded by Major General David B. Birney to October 11, 1864; then by Bvt. Major General Alfred H. Terry.

---------------

