
will permit a report in detail of the construction of the works, capacity of resistance, effect of fire, movements of the enemy, improvements suggested, &amp; c., will be made out and forwarded for the information of the Engineer Department.

In this it only remains for me to express my grateful sense of the gallantry, endurance, and skill of the garrison and its accomplished commander. To the latter I have already paid a just tribute of praise, not for this action only, but for his whole career at Fort Fisher, of which this action and its result is but the fruit. His report of the gallantry of individuals I fully confirm from my own observation.

I wish to mention Captain Munn, Lieutenant Latham, Lieutenant Hunter, of the Thirty-sixth; Lieutenant Rankin, of the First Battalion; Captain Adams, of the light artillery, as very active and efficient.

To Colonel Tansill, of my staff, we owe many thanks. To his skillful judgment and great experience the defense of the sand front was committed at the critical moment of assault.

Of Major Reilly, with his battalion of the Tenth North Carolina, who served the guns of the land front during the entire action, I have to say he has added another name to the long list of fields on which he has been conspicuous for indomitable pluck and consummate skill.

Major Hill, chief of staff, and Major Strong, aide-de-camp, here, as always, actively aided me throughout.

The gallant bearing and active labors of Major Saunders, chief of artillery to General Hebert, in very exposed position, attracted my especial attention.

I present my acknowledgments to Flag-Officer Pinckney, C. S. Navy, who was present during the action, for the welcome and efficient aid sent to Colonel Lamb; the detachment under Lieutenant Roby, which manned the two Brooke guns, and the company of marines, under Captain Van Benthuysen, which re-enforced the garrison,

Lieutenant Chapman, C. S. Navy, commanding Battery Buchanan, by his skillful gunnery saved us on our right from a movement of the enemy, which, unless checked, might have resulted in a successful passage.

The navy detachment at the guns, under very trying circumstances, did good work. No commendation of mine can be too much for the coolness, discipline, and skill displayed by officers and men. Their names have not all been furnished to me, but Lieutenants Roby, Dornin, Armstrong, and Berrien attracted special attention throughout.

To Passed Midshipman Cary I wish to give personal thanks. Though wounded, he reported after the bursting of his gun to repel the threatened assault, and actively assisted Colonel Tansill on the land front.

Above all and before all we should be grateful, and I trust all re, for the favor of Almighty God, under which and by which a signal deliverance has been achieved.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

P. S. - I wish it to be understood that in no sense did I assume the command of Colonel Lamb. I was a witness, simply confining my action to observation and advice, and to our communications, and it is as a witness that I report.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Department of North Carolina.

