THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS
OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,
WASHINGTON, D.
c.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.^/
WEDNESDAY, MAY 12, 1853.
New Series No.
129.-
against whom these collectors are so continually
pouring; out their charges of fraud; athe cap-
tains of the fishing smacks, for intelligence, integ-
rity, and fair dealing in the community, stand
vastly before the collectors.
These collectors say that the great work for the
revenue cutters is to watch the fishermen and keep
them from cheating. Now, I will tell you a jutie
something about that, Mr. President; I happen to
know something about it, for I live within about
ten miles of the sea-shore. The port of Ports-
mouth , I believe, collects about four thousand dol-
lars of revenue a year, and you pay your officers
$10,1)00 a year for collecting. I believe they have a
revenue cutter there. Every collector wants a rev-
enue cutter, and I will tell you the use made of
them, and about ail the use on thatcoast. They
are pleasure boats, by which and in which the col-
lectors entertain their friends with sea voyages
and fishing voyages, after mackerel, and cod, &c.;
and every possible excuse that a collector can get
up is got up to induce the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to allow him a revenue cutter to go on pleas-
ure excursions in the summer time. Why, I
have known them to get up a party in Boston
and go away down to the Bi itish coast and spend
the summer, and the service they rendered their
country was writing very graphic articles of their
sea shore experience and publishing them in the
Boston newspapers. WY-il, sir, to induce the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to give these gentlemen
revenue cutters to make pleasuie excursion's in at
the public expanse, it is suggested that the fish-
ermen are commuting awful frauds, and if the
Secretary will only give them a cutter, they vill
expose the frauds and save an immense deal to
the Treasury i
Now. sir, I have a proposition to make; and 1
wish thai when you see the Secretary of the T reas-
ury you will name it to him. Tel! him to set the
fishermen to waHnng 'he collectors; and if they
do not expose frauds, two dollars to one, and
make savings to your Treasury—provided they
can get at the frauds of the to.lectors —I will give
up, and abandon the whole thing. This charge
against the fishermen of being fraudulent, mnde
in this wholesale way by these collectors, is n
falsehood and a hhel on them. There is no class
of men who stand fairer in the community than
they do; and last and least of all should these
charges come ftoni the officials of vour custom-
houses. I know something about these custom-
house officers, too. Generally speaking, they are
men that unue.t stand who it is that id Secretin y
of the Treasury. \ t is almost al ways a southern
man—sometimes a northern man with southern
principles, but generally a southern man—and
those collectors, for the purpose of making them-
selves agreeable to the powers that be in the
Treasury Department, send in these false and li-
belous accusations against better men than they
are; and suggest that they are guilty of great
frauds, the conclusion of all which is that if they
can have a cutterat their disposal they can he im-
posed ! No, sir; no man thai is acquainted \wth
these men will behove for a moment that their
characters will sutferm comparison with the col-
lectors who malign and detract and slander them.
A good deal has been said about the frauds
which it is said are committed at sea. Some of
these collectors do not know much more about a
I.oat or about the sea than men living west of the
mountains that never saw the sea. Some of them
do. A vessel goes out fishing for cod. Well, if
vou want to fish for cod you must have a long
fine, a heavy sinker, a large hook, and bait it with
some substantial matter, generally clam. You
put your line down until the sinker touches the
bottom, then draw up a little, and you beem to
catch cod. In the neighborhood of the cod are
always found the halibut 1 here are friendly
relations between the cod and halibut: and they
frequent the same grounds with pohock and had-
dock. The halibut not understanding that if is
il^gal for them to take hold of the bait, very/rc-
quently get hold of what is legally intended for a
( "d. ?nd"the fishermen hzv-l tfiem m. What sholl
! -m
they do? Throw them overboard ? Itwould.seem
to be implied that they should. Now, the fact is,
that this cod fishing does not mean catching cod;
but there are two kinds of fisheries—mackerel
fishing and cod fishing; and they are just as di-
verse as shooting snipes and hunting lions are,
because the cod are caught, as I told you, with a
long line and heavy sinker near the bottom, and
the mackerel are caught with a very small line and
a very small hook, indeed. One cod-fish hook
will- weigh down a hundred mackerel hooks; and
instead of having large substantial bait, such as
would be a temptation to halibut, it is a little one,
notbfgger than a picayune, with which the mack-
erel are caught. They go in schools. The mack-
erel are a social fish. They come near the sur-
face; you can see them, and sometimes, when a
vessel that is fitted out for cod fishing goes along,
the men see that they are m the midst of a school
of macketel. Knowing that they are subject to
these visitors on their voyages, they are prepaied
with some small hooks and lines, and while the
school is there they throw out and catch the fish.
That used to be considered under the law, as ad-
ministered by these patriotic collectors, treason
aeainst the Government—working a forfeiture of
the vessel; but Judge Woodbury, with a good
deal of common sense, decided that that was all
nonsense; and it was no cri've if a vessel that had
been fired out for cod fishing went amongst mack- j
end and took a few of them. That is the law, not- ;
withstanding what the coiiectois may .say; and ;
there is no violation of the law if pollock, or cusk, j
or haddock, or if halibut bife at the hook that is j]
intended forcod fish. Besides, the cod fishery in- i
eludes legitimately the catching of pollock, cusk, |;
and haddock. They are salted and cured in the !,
same way, caught on the same ground, and with i
the same bait; and there is no sort of fraud in- j
tended and none practiced in it, rior do 1 belie\e j
one word, as I have before intimated, of tlje j
charges that have been made by the collectors in j
regard to the other allegations of fiaud \
Not only have these men furnished vou a reli- !
ab'e corps of seamen from whom yourseamen are |
to be enlisted, and must be as long as you have j
a navy; but if you will go to the intelligent mer- j
chants in the cities of New York and Boston, or |
any important sea-port on the Atlantic coast east ,
' of New York—I do not know how it is south— i
I they will tell you fiom New York to Pdssama- j
quoddy, that the great school wheie the success- ;
ful,the educated, the intelligent, the enterprising 1
sea captains and mares that man your merchant j
: vrssels come from, is from these very shor-: fish- ]
1 ermen. To the commeiceof New Ymk, Cape Cod j
■ is a richer mine than our adventurers have ever i
1 discovered m California. They rely upon Cape 1
, Cod and upon the men who are educated in the j
: cod fishery for their captains and their mates, as !
, well as their seamen to man their merchant -ses- ,
sels. If you will take counsel of the men that send
1 their fth'ps to every sea. and trust their wealth to
the contingencies of every clime and of every sea, >
they will tell you that they can part with any-
' thing else better than they can part with the sup-
ply of the intelligent, educated c'ass of men that
' come from Cape Cod and the fishing towns about
there, for their captains and mates.
| Butsttli, sir, 1 know that we live in a day of prog-
very distinguished Senator from Georgia", [Mr.
Toombs,] that it cost you ten times as much to
educate a naval officer m the AnnapolisSchooIas
it would in any respectable private school,.and
ten times as much to educate a man at West Point
as it would at any private academy, and by-the
recent action of the Government we have shown,
that we do not think much of their education af-
ter all, for we have put at the head of a class that
graduated last year some young men who did n©t
. stay there more than six months.
J ?£tr. TOOVIBS. They were kicked out.
I Mr. HALE. Not only kicked out, but told
| never to come back. Now, 1 say if the fishing
' bounties are to be repealed—and they are, so far
| as your vote will go; 1 do not know how it will
| be m the other House—I want you to show your
I consistency. I do not want to touch the sugar
I bounty this year. I let that go. But let us abolish
j the A nnapoiis School; let us abolish the Military
! Academy at West Point; let us be consistent If
; our seamendo not want education, our officersdo
not, for the Army or the Navy.
I shall vote for the amendment I have just indi-
cated; and if the amendment prevails—I hardly
think it will—I shall vote for the bill; because then
it will look to me as if you mean to be in earnest,
as if you are honest and impartial, and as if this .
move made against these fishermen had its origin
in a national policy,in an enlaiged policy,and was
not tainted or tinctured with any prejudice against
New England interests or any hatred of her men
and her pursuits. But. sir, if this is to go by
itself; if this, th^only money which you pay to
educate seamen, is to be withdrawn by the Gov-
ernment, and that which you pay to educate offi-
cers for the Army and for the Navy is to be con-
tinued, I have nothing to say about any inference
that anvhody will draw; I will leave every one to
diaw his own inferences; but I will say this: I do
not know that I shall have a seat on this floor
long, nor do 1 care much for it; b'H if God spares
my life, and my constituents spare my place, I
will make war upon every monopoly, whether it
be in the Army or m the Navy, and I will labor in
the humble sphere of my influence for the aboli-
tion of all these distinctions by which one set of
men are educated at the public expense and the
vast majority left out.
Sir, there is not a single reason which can be
offered for the sustaining of one of those institu-
tions, that does not speak tenfold in favor of this
one. You educate your men at West Point, and
the great credit they have there is that they do
nothing useful there except to get an education.
So it is at Annapolis. They do nothing except
to qualify themselves. But these seamen, whilst
they are getting their education—whilst they are
training themselves to qualify themselves to do
honorable and efficient service to the country—
are at the same time adding to the national treas-
ure, by diawmsr sustenance for the people from
the abundance of the seas. I know something of
ihe perils of this occupation. There is something
inviting in it, and something that is captivating,
from the very imminence of the peri! and the haz- s
ards amid which it is pursued. Sometimes the
1 stoim comes, and it makes orphans of more than
; half the children of a village. I remember, not
lone: ago, being in the town of Marblehead, in the
State of Massachusetts, after a great easterly
ress; the wisdom of the fathers amounts to but        . , f -
' very little in these times: and we are about, so far storm, and 1 was told, as 1 stood there and saw
' as the Senate can <ro, to repeal this fishing bounty. the children coming out of the public schools,
' and to throw awav as folly all that we have been j J that <* more than half the children you see nere
taught by the wise men who established it, and jj are fatherless, and made so by tne late storm,
continued it from the earliest days of the Const!- about which so much has been saiu in ie pa
1 union to the present time. Now, sir, if you think
men do not want any education to become sailors;
if you think the amount you spend for that pur-
pose is not well bestowed, and may as well be
dispensed with, what do you say to dispensing
: with the schools for educating officers ? If you
abolish these fishing bounties, and do not want to
' educate seamen, let usabolish the Annapolis Naval
! School. I am against it. always was, and, 1 think, ,
pers. - i
Now, sir, if you want to reform abuses, it you
want to make the Government just and equal, I
wonder what it was that turned the eye of reform
to these poor sailors ? I wonder where was your
desire for reform when your Naval Register was
before you, and you saw how many post captains
vou had drawing 02,500 a year for doing nothing
!_«< waiting ordersMore than half of them
always shall be. It was admitted here by some \\ are in that condition, and have been more than
ffemhmkn; I am not th~t u w ret fe << hv&t fheir lives: The *a\a! fhtt
