1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Mr. HAMLIN. I apprehend that I do not
misunderstand the proposition of the Senator as
he has laid it down. I do not, X think, misquote
it. I could read his language to show that, but
I need not do so. Nov/, sir, [ assert that the
exports of a country may or may not show its
wealth, or its surplus of wealth. Is it not true
that a country may produce a given article and
export it all, receiving in return whatever they
may purchase with it, and consume all that is re-
ceived in return? Is it not equally true that a
country may produce that which it consumes
and consume it all? .1 should like to know what
would be the difference between two communities
—the one producing what it consumes and con-
suming it; the other raising and exporting a raw
material and then consuming the whole amount
of that raw materia! in the articles that are re-
turned in exchange? What is. the difference
between those two communities in point of wealth?
None whatever. But while the southern section
of this country is principally an agricultural
country; and while I know they furnish in the
aggregate a very great amount of our foreign ex-
portations, consisting of articles in a raw state,
it does not follow that all those exportations arc
excess of wealth, after paying their own debts,
after supporting their own families, after paying
their own taxes, after liquidating all the variety
of demands which they are obliged by law to pay.
Because the South exports $100,000,000 of cotton,
it does not follow that those $100,000,000 are a sur-
plus, anymore than because the North produces
its $800,000,000 of manufactured articles, it fol-
lows that it has thereby produced that much of
surplus.
what, then, is the true indication ? What is the
truth of this matter? If the Senator fioni South
Carolina will tell me, if he can by any process
ascertain, how much you export, and just how
much you expend, then he and I will both arrive
at what is the surplus left; but until he can tell
me that, neither he nor any other person can give
the surplus of the country. When I tell that Sen-
ator what is the amount that we manufacture at
the North, and what is the amount that we an-
nually use, then, and only then, he can tell me
what is the net surplus. 1 know of no method by
which this is to be arrived at mathematically; it
cannot be. What are the evidences ? We must
look at the community, and we must gather from
the community, and from all the facts that present
themselves, the best evidence to show what is the
surplus of the country, whether it arises from ex-
portation or from home production.
Now, what is the truth in relation to the pro-
ductions of the South ? If the position assumed
by the honorable Senator be correct, it must be
indeed wealthy; it must indeed exceed in its net
products any country on the face of the globe, or
any country that has ever existed. But, sir, I
believe that when that Senator shall look care-
fully into the matter, he will find—indeed he says
so in his spcech—that they consume their part of
the importation of 4333,000,000, and which are
principally paid for by their exportations. Take
that statement of the Senator himself, and I think
it is a perfect answer to his whole position. He
says they export a certain amount, and then he
says they eat that up, or their proportion of it;
and if they eat up their proportion of it, they eat
up the whole amount of it. What are the evi-
dences by which we are to gather what is the
surplus wealth of a country, which arises from
exportations or home productions—I mean the
net wealth, the net surplus, because it is not a
matter of any importance whatever whether we
produce it ourselves or whether we send it abroad ,
and receive in exchange what we do not produce.
If we consume the whole, in either case the re-
sult is just the same. I think that the South do
not, in truth or in fact, produce any large sum
beyond that which they consume; and 1 think
the evidences all around us show pretty conclu-
sively that they have no such surplus as is
claimed.
I propose to read-an extract from a work written
upon slavery by a southern man—a man devoted
to the institution—for the purpose of showing the
manner in which the soil of the South has been
deteriorated by a long-continued process of crop-
ping. This work gives an opinion, which I doubt
not is generally accurate, of the character of the
country. I read from the work of Mr. Tarver,
of Missouri, on the industrial resources of the
South and the West:
" Examples may be found in oar own country of States
having become poorer by a steady perseverance in an un-
wise application of their labor. Such is the ea^c in the At-
lantic {States south oftfte l'otomac,as / thmk. will be granted
by every intelligent and candid individual who is acquainted
with the country, and I think it will be admitted that these
States are poorer than they were twenty years ago. There
is a small increase in the number of laboiers, and there may
have been something gained by alull; but the great souice
of all wealth in an agricultural countiy—the soil—has been
gieatly deterioiated and diminished.
" If one acquainted with the present condition of the
Southwest were told that the cotton-growing dutiiet alone
had s-old the crop for fifty million dollars per annum for the
last twenty yeais, he wou'd naturally conclude that this
must be the richest community in the woild. lie might
well imagine that the planters all dwell in palaces, upon es-
tates improved by every device of ait, and that their most
common utensils were'made of the precious metals; that
canals, turnpikes, railways, and evety other impiovement,
designed either for use or ornament, abounded m every part
of the land. He would conclude that the most splendid ed-
ifices, dedicated to the puijmaes of lehgion and learning,
wore everywheie to bo found, and that ali the liberal arts
had here found their reward and a home. But what would
be his surprise when told that, so far from dwelling in pal-
aces, many of these planners dwell m habitations of the
most primitive construction ; that, instead of anv artistieal
impiovement, thid rude dwelling was sunounded by cotton
fields, os piobably by fields exhausted, washed into gul-
lies, and abandoned ; that, instead of canal?--, the navigable
stieams remain unmiptoved; that the common lomhot'the ,
country were scarcely passable; that the edifices elected I
for the accommodation of religion and learning weie fie- ;
quently built of lo2«s, and covered with board's; and that '
the line aits weie hut little encouraged or cared for? Upon j
receiving this information, he would imagine that this was |
surely the countiy of miners—that they had been hoarding !
up all the money of the world, to the great detnmentof the !
balance of mankind. But his furpnse would be greatly in- !
creased, when informed that, instead of being misers and ,
hoauleis of money, these people weie geneially scarce of it, '
and many ot them emb,united and bankrupt. I thmk it !
would puzzle the mo.>t olwuvirig individual hi the country
, ] fo account foi bo t-nango a result. No mind can look back '
I upon 11 ie hi^toivof tilt's, region for the last twenty years, and
; not feel convinced that the labor bestowed m cotton giow-
; ins has been a total Io-  to this paitof the countiy. The
enimtiyof its production has gained nothing, and lovtmuoh. ;
| More than all. in the transpoitation of its pioduce, it ha-= :
I t«anspoited much of the pioductive and essentia! pimeiples ;
of ;h soil, winch can n'wer be letuuied. thereby sapping the ,
i very foundation of its wealth."
! Sucli is the opinion of a very distinguished man
from the State of Missouu. It is that state of
; things winch might be presumed to exist* and '
■ would necessarily exist, m any community whose j
1 consumption equaled its production. Now, let ,
| me read an extract from a speech delivered by
• Governor Wise during his canvass in Virginia: !
] "Conimeice has long ago spread her sails, and sailed I
1 away from jou. Von have not, a- yet, dug moie than coal 1
! enough tu warm yourselves at voiu* own health ; you have
j setno tilt-hammer of Vulean to strike blows worthy of gods. ]
i in your own iron-founderie ; jou have not yet spun more;
; than coaisc cotton enough, in the way of manufactme, ro i
' clothe your own slaves. You have no conimeice, no mm- I
, ing, no manufactures. You hnveielicd alone on the single I
( power of ngiieultuic—and <,iuk a iicvMinc " * * ~ * j
i " The landloid has «knmed the tenant, and the tenant has '
| skinned the land, until all have g.own pooi togothet.'' ]
| I should not adopt the line of argument I pro-
; pose, but for the course puisued by the Senatoi ;
I himself. He acts down the exports of the coun- j
; try at $979,000,000, excluding gold and silver, j
\ Ofthatsum,he claims, $138,000,000 arc the clear!
j productions of the South, lie then says there .
j are $80,000,000 productions of the forest, bread-
! stuffs, and provisions exported. Of these articles '
; he assumes the South make one third; that, added
! to the #158,000,000, makes the exportations of
the South $185,000,000, leaving for the North but ;
•^95,000,000, or a little less. To these exports of
the South, so ascertained, he adds, for articles
sent to the North, $35,000,000; thus making the .
surplus productions of the South §290,000,000.
1 He treats the articles sent North in the same man- ,
ner as foreign exportations. i thmk that is right, i
■ because it is ju.xt as much an export from the ]
I South to the North as it would be if it were to a
i foreign country; fur whatever may be there pro- ,
. duced, if sent out of the limits of the State, and
j ail equivalent is returned, what matters it to the
, producer whether hp gets ins return from a neigh- :
J boring State or a foreign country ? I think the i
' Senator, therefoie, is clearly ri^htin that respect.
He makes his total amount of southern expoitci- i
' tiona $230,000,000, 1 think. Am I right? 1
j Mr. HAMMOND. Yes, sir. ;
- Mr. HAMLIN. And that he aseumrs is the <
net production of the South. In the first place, :
i in his basis of calculation, he excludes, in the ex-
! portations, gold and silver. Nov/, I should like to
, know why gold and silver are not productions of .!
a country as much as cotton, rice, or tobacco. I
take all the exports of the country, including
everything which we send abroad, which is not
of foreign growth, and reexported. I take every-
thing which is the production of the country as
showing the true amount of what we export. I
affirm that I might with just as much propriety
contend here to-day that the importations show
the surplus wealth of the country,as that the ex-
ports of the country show that surplus wealth.
The one would be just about as true as the other.
You exportagivenamount. "What does it show?
You say it shows what you produce; but is it
any evidence of what you consume?
With just as much propriety I might contend
that the importations of the North show conclu-
sively what is Us surplus wealth, as you can pre-
sume the exportations of the South show what is
its surplus wealth. Neither is true, and I make
no such presentation with any purpose of insist-
ing upon it as true, but I do it for the purpose of
demonstrating the fallacy of the gentleman's own
position.
What were the exportations during the last
year ? The exports for the year ending June 30,
1857, from the free States, were $174,049,048; and
from the southern or slave States, $164,936,017,
showing an excess of exportations from the north-
ern States over the southern States of $9,113,031.
This table shows all the exports. It includes gold
and silver, which are as much a part of the pro-
duction of your country as any article you can
name. It is exported from the North. It is dug
out of the mines in California; but I do not care
where it comes from for this purpose. It may
come from a foreign country. If we get it, we
either produce it by digging it, or we buy it in
exchange for what we have to sell, and before we
export it abroad it is m our hands, and it is the
evidence of just so much wealth. Nay, sir, it is
the standard of all other commodities. It is the
standard all over the civilized world. It is the
standard by which oil other values are measured.
Now, then, the exportations of the North ex-
ceed those of the South: but the Senator from
South Carolina, after fixing the exportations of
the South to foreign countries and to the North at
$220,000,000, gives to the North £95,0u0.000 of
exports. On that, or assumirg the exportations
North and South as equal, he says we at the
North produce about twelve dollars per head,
while at the South you produce $16 66. Mr.
President, I assure the Senator that he has done
injustice to his own State; he has done injustice
to his own section, because he has limited their
production to $16 66 per head, per annum. Why,
: sir, it is vastly more than that.
: _ Mr, HAMMOND. I did not say the produc-
tion; but the export production amounted to that.
Mr. HAMLIN. I thought the gentleman had
accumulated the whole wealth of the country into
its exports, and said that yielded to the popula-
tion a sum equal to $16 66 to each individual at
the South. 1 say that the Senator, if he had as-
sumed that position, would not have done justice
to his own section, because the productions which
they do export by no means constitute a'i the
wealth of that section of country, as I sha'l pro-
ceed to show. They are not a moiety of them. I
do not know, indeed, that they are one fourth
part of them* They are a great way below the
aggregate. The importations into the country
last year were, in the aggregate, $319,405,432 to
the northern States, and $41,484,709 to the south-
ern States; leaving a balance of ^277,920,723 in
favor of the North. Does that show a surplus at
the North of that amount over the South : Suiely
it does not. I make no such pretension; but still
I afhrm that I might with just as much propriety
insist that our capacity to pay for imnoited arti-
cles was as good evidence of the net surplus of
that section as the Senator can contend that the
amount which the South export is their net pro-
duction. It is not true in cither case. The pro-
ductions of the country. North and South, are
vastly greater than n shown by exportations or
impoiunions, or both combined.
Whei^, then, sir, are we to find the true evi-
dences of what constitute the net productions of
any country ? The Senator from South Carolina
does not like the census tables. Ho complains
frequently of them. W ell, -sir, they were arranged,
if not by a gentleman from his own S?nte, by a
very distinguished southern man, whose opm-
