2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLGBEi ,
, May 11,
you" have a corps of officers more than double
what you-want. Why, sir, so evident has this
been that, a few years.ago, when Mr. Graham
was Secretary of the Navy, he actually recom-
mended that we -should build ships of a certain
class to give-employment to our lieutenants. Was
not that a most beautiful piece of economy? We
had more officers than we wanted; and for the
purpose of employing them he actually recom-
mended the building of additional ships ! When
you see that we have more than twice as many
naval officers as we want, that half our officers are
" waiting orders, "and that a great many of those
not waiting orders are on shore duties, which
might as well be performed by any school ma'am
in the country as by them, I wonder \4rhy the eye
of reform does not look there. If the state of the
Treasury is such that we want a little economy
practiced, why, in Heaven's name, 1 will tell you
what to look at. Look at the official paper which
has been published this session, by which the
pay and rations and commutations of all the of-
ficers of the Army are given. I wish I had it here;
but I will give you a general idea of it. You will
find that the pay proper of some Army officers is
two or three thousand dollars or less; but when
you come to look at the aggregate you will find
it is eight or nine thousand dollars. I do not want
to say anything disparaging to General Scott; I
have already expressed my opinion of him here
on this floor, if anybody cares to know anything
about it; I have as high esteem and respect for
him as any man in the world; I think him one of
the greatest generals of any age, or of the world.
But do you know what we pay General Scott for
* literally doing nothing; for I take it he has noth-
ing to do in time of peace? We pay him $18,000
a year, and some other generals eight or nine
thousand dollars; and we have got colonels living
in this city whose pay proper 
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question ? *
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. CLAY. Did not the Senator from New
Hampshire vote to give that to General Scott?
Mr. HALE. No, sir, I did not; but I will tell
you what I did.
Mr. CLAY. Did you vote against it?
Mr. HALE. I made a speech against confer-
ring that rank upon General Scott, but I took
occasion to say what I now say, that I entertain
the highest regard and respect for him; that I
believe him to be one of the greatest generals of
the age; and when I happened to meet General
Scott in private, not long after, some malicious
man took occasion to remind him that I had voted
against conferring the lieutenant generally upon
him; but the General was kind enough to say that
the compliment which I paid him on the occasion
was such that he had no reason to complain of
me. I voted against it always, and I spoke against
it; but I will tell you what I did after he had got
it. You gave it to him against my voice and
against my vote; and a controversy arose about
what was due to htm, and it seemed to be the
sense of the Senate that be had been rather haislily
dealt with—I do not say whether it was so or
not—by the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
who was then at the head of the War Department.
An impression got up amongst some of General
Scott's friends that he hud not had exactly fair
play, and that there had been an attempt to with-
hold from him what, under the fair construction
«of the law, he was entitled to, and I think 1 did
vote to give him that, and I would do it again. I
will vote to give every man what is his just due.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will permit me, I must inform him that he
misstates the case.
Mr. HALE. I only said what I understood.
I did not aver 
Mr. DAVIS. Then you did not understand
the trutii.
Mr. HALE. Well, I cannot help that.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will not allow me
to correct him 
Mr. HALE. Certainly; I yield the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I have only to say that
the Senator misstates the ease. lie presents it as
a case where allowances were refused. That is
not the truth. The President made an allowance
to the full extent that the regulations and laws
existing for the government of the Army would
permit. The claim was larger than that. The
Senate pleased to allow more.- I, for the first
time, learttj-however, that it was from any gene-
ral opinion in the Senate that I had done any in-
justice to that individual.
Mr. HALE. Well, I know it is very difficult,
sir, to go along in a plain way without giving
offense. I undertook to state the matter just as I
understood it. I knew nothing about it, and cared
nothing about it. I thought that the Secretary
of War at that time did use some pretty harsh
language to General Scott.
Mr. DAVIS. In a correspondence which arose,
I was compelled to retaliate, after exercising, as
I thought then, and think now, very great for-
bearance before I did use any harsh language;
but when I thought it proper and becoming in me
to retaliate, I used such language as I supposed
would be most effective. That was not on the
subject of his pay. That question arose in a very
different controversy.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I am notgoing into that
controversy. If the Senator will allow me I will
try to quote a little Latin. JV*on nostrum tcmtcis
componere lilts; or, to give you a Yankee transla-
tion of it—let every man skin his own game.
[Laughter.] ThatI believe is a fair Yankee trans-
lation.
Mr. DAVIS. But if the Senator will allow me,
his Yankee translation makes exactly the appli-
cation. I do not mean to allow him to skin me.
Mr. HALE. I do not mean to do so; and if I
said anything of that sort, I retract it; but I was
answering the question whether I had not voted
to give General Scott this great pay, and I said,
no. I voted against giving him the title, or the
emoluments which the title carried with it, or
anything about it; but hegotit,and a controversy
did come up—I am not going to say who was
right or wrong; but I believe the sense of the Sen-
ate was that General Scott was entitled to the
money he claimed. Whether anybody else was
right in withholding it or not, 1 do not think the
vote said; but when that question came up, it was
the opinion entertained in the Senate that he was
entitled to it, and I voted for it—that is all.
Now, I will come back to the fisheries. I say
that when the spirit of reform seeks a subject, I
little wonder that you pass by the $18,000 paid
in file shape of commutations, allowances, and
rations to General Seott, and the eight or nine
thousand dollars that are paid to other officers in
the same way, and the four or live thousand dol-
lars paid to colonels, who are quietly living at
home, and doing no more actual war service than
their wives are. I wonder why you have not
looked to those, and endeavored to cut them down
to something like a fair compensation, instead of,
from motives of economy, going into these fish-
ing bounties. Sir, if anybody wants reform, I
can give him food enough to last him a lifetime,
of subjects requiring reform, every one of which
needs it, in my humble judgment, vastly more
than any abuses that have been practiced by these
fishermen, or any one concerned in these fish-
eries.
In the present state of the Treasury, when we
are spending some ten million dollars to send an
army out to the woods to stay to hear reports
from peace commissioners who have gone ahead
of them, I am not going to say that it will com-
port with due economy to pay these fishing boun-
ties; but I will say this: those who have gone be-
fore us have looked to them as a very efficient
means (and I believe in that they have been emi-
nently wise) of training a navy, and keeping m
course of training a corps of seamen on whom
you must rely in any time of peril and danger,
when an emergency shall arise which shall re-
quire you to use your naval materials and put
them afloat. They are, in fact, in the place of a
standing naval force; only instead of enlisting
them and having them in the Navy doing nothing
but receiving pay and eating rations, they are re-
ceivniga small bounty, earning a living for them-
selves, and doing good service for their country
at the same time. I believe that this policy of the
fathers is a wise one, and that it is unsafe, in the
piesent state of information before the Senate, to
depart from it. I believe that it would be wise,
before wo enter on this measure, to seek some
counsel, some advice, some information from the
naval department of the Government, as well as
from the Treasury. I do not suppose that it was
ever intended as a money-making business di-
rectly; and we knew, and.Everybody knew, that,
-to a certain extent,-it must be a dram on the
Treasury. We need not go to the Treasury,De-
partment to find that out; but inasmuch as it* has
such-intimate relations to our naval strength and :
naval power,and-the means of-educa.tingsea.mefi,"
I think it would have been wise and becoming##.,
us to have got some light from that .quarter,_
pecially as the efforts that were made byth'e fiQii-;'.,
orable Senator from Ma.ine,[Mr. Hamlin] yfauffi'j
have a tendency to satisfy us that there were*
important considerations to be looked at.ia" j|i§£ „
quarter as well ®wa the effect that the measure
was to have upon the Treasury. . .
But, sir, as I said before, 1 really believe-that
so far as the vote of the Senate is concerned,,tliis
is a foregone conclusion; arid if I haveseemecTin
speaking to entertain the idea that I was attempt-,
ing to convince any Senator, I humbly-Keg, his
pardon, and assure him that I had no.such'pur-
pose; and having said tha,t> I leave (he subject
with the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I do.notde^.
sign to detain the Senate long on this question',,
but simply to give the reasons for my own vpte, '
The importance of the subject I adniit-at on"c£
From the foundation of the Government to the.
present time the question of nurturing and cher-
ishing our fisheries has entered into the policy of:-
almost every Administration. It has'moreor less "
mingled with all our public and private consider-
ations of policy. _ But the argument to-day against
the repeal of this bounty, has dwindled down to
this, (and that is the sole burden of the speech
of the honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
to which I have listened with great attention,)
that the cod fishery must be encouragedand cher-
ished by this bounty, because it is a nursery for
seamen, and without it the inference is that the
nursery would cease to exist. That, I suppose,
is the strong argument—I can conceive of none
other—that we derive an equivalent from the
American seamen, who are thus created, for the
bounty that we give.
Now, sir, I will very briefly state why I have
come into this movement, and shall support the
bill. These bounties have been given from 1789,
almost continuously up to this hour. From 1789
to 1807, there were nine distinct acts passed on the
subject governing these drawbacks, bounties, or
allowances, as they were called at various times;
but throughout the whole of that period from 1789
to 1807, all these bounties and allowances were
extended, not only to cured fish, but to beef and
pork, and salted provisions. Will those who
maintain the argument that these laws originated
in the idea of maintaining a school for seamen,
pretend that when the bounties were extended
equally to beef and pork, they were also to en-
courage seamen ? I have not heard the discussions
on this bill; I have not been here for two days to
listen to them; but I have read very carefully the
reports heretofore made on the subject, particu-
larly the report of Mr. Benton, and the minority
report of Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts; and if I
understand anything this was a free-trade measure
originally. It was connected entirely, solely, and
exclusively with the duty upon salt; and it was
just that those who imported the salt should have "
a drawback when they exported fish and provis-
ions which were cured with it; and the drawback
was governed by the salt duty. As was remarked
by the Senator from Alabama, whosS speech I
have also read, this allowance was created by the
duty on salt, fluctuated with it, grew up with it,
and finally, in 1807, when the duty on salt was re-
pealed, all these bounties and allowances were
repealed, not only on fish, but on beef and pork.
That is simply the history of those bounties
and allowances, and I put the question strongly
to gentlemen who contend that this was conceived
in the idea of making a nursery for seamen, why
it was that they included also beef and pork in the
measure? Beef, pork, and fish had to be exported
from the country. They had to be salted with
foreign salt. If this wei e a school for seamen the
school consisted in the sea-service, in the catching-
of tlic fish, in the length of the voyage, and in the
manipulation of these little vessels. That was the
school. Whether they caught fish or did notcatch
fish, however successful or unsuccessful the voy-
age might be, the school to the seamen was the
same.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. Will the Senator allow
