1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
me to ask him if he has read Mr. Jefferson's re- j
port made in 179:2? I
Mr. MALLORY. I have only read the ex-!
tracts from Mr. JefTcrson'sreports, which are in- )
eluded in Mr. Benton's an,d Mr. Davis's report. I
Mr. FESS&NDEN. If the Senator will read |
that report he will see that one of the main grounds
on which it was recommended was as a school
for seamen.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Jefferson was opposed
to this very bounty,
Mr. FESSENDEN. He recommended the
drawback. • He wanted something done.
Mr. MALLORY. If the school for seamen
was the original idea, the exportation of the fish
would not have been necessary. The catching; of
the fish, the length of the voyage, the number of
men, constituted the school. The exportation
from the country had nothing to do with the char-
acter of that school. |
Now, sir, if the idea of a school for seamen was !
exclusively in view by the framers of these laws j
and those who upheld them, why did they not
extend the bounty to other branches of fishery?
England and Prance, as long as they have had a
whale fishery, and I presume their bounties are
still existing, have given the largest bounties to
the whale fishery because the whale fishery was
regarded as a school for seamen, on account of
the length of the voyage and the character of the
vessels employed. They gave, as we find in Mr.
Benton's report, as much as five hundred pounds
to the most successful of the whalers.
If a school for seamen had been the design, why
did the act not provide that the seamen should be
American? The Senator from New Hampshire
has dwelt here an hour on the point that this fish- j
ery raises tip American seamen. The law never !
required them to be Americans. It gave the bounty ]
to all, Americans and foreigners alike. I presume, !
of course, that nine tenths of these cod fishermen j
are Americans. This results from the immediate ;
neighborhood, from the length of the voyage being j
only four months; but stili we look to the law and I
the policy enunciated by the law, for a criterion, i
and that shows that this was not designed ex- j
presslyasa schoolfor seamen,but wasmoreafree- ;
trade measure, giving them the drawback upon j
the salt. As I remarked just now, to carry out i
that idea, when the duty on salt was entirely re- i
pealed, all the bounties and allowances fell with it,
and no bounties or allowances were made to these ,
fisheries from 1807 to 1813. Now, I do not know i
what the condition of the cod fishery was during i
those six years. I am not informed whether the
trade languished for the want of the bounty.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was shown here yes- j
terday. |
Mr. MALLORY. That may or may not have !
been the case; but certain it is, that the whole !
country, nil parties of the country, gentlemen rep-1
resenting the fishing districts as well as others, i
concurred in tiie withdrawal of the bounty at that j
time. In 1813, I find that the duty on salt was J
revived as a war measure, twenty per cent.; and |
then the bounty was extended to fish; but salted I
provisions were struck out. Here gentlemen point!
to this act and say this created a school for sea- j
men. Why, sir, the act was limited to the war. I
That was a very novel way of creating seamen j
for a war, when there could be but \ ery little fish- 1
ingdone. _ j
As the law now stands, after the alteration was |
made requiring a certain portion of the crew to j
be Americans, or persons owing no alicgiance to ■
any foreign prince, potentate, or Power, I pre-
sume the bounty is notwithheld because the crews I
of those vessels may not be Americans. I pre-;
sume that, as the law now stands, all on board,;
exclusive of the officeis, maybe persons who are j
not citizens of the United States. They may have ;
one fourth foreigners who claim not to be citizens, 1
either by the common American protection issued 1
to the seamen, or by a certificate of naturalization. \
As long as they can show that they are not the sub-!
jeefs of any foreign prince, potentate, or Power; j
that is, that they are foreign-born persons who j
owe no allegiance to any foreign country, but who !
have not acquired a residence in the United States, |
the bounty is sriven to them. I presume there is 1
no law m existence now requiting, absolutely,
that any portion of the crews of these vessels
should be American. 1 do not know of any. I j
know how our seamen arc made Americans; that i
is very well understood, and I shall come to it
presently.
Had the lawson this subject subsequent to 1807
regarded this exclusively as a nursery for seamen,
they would have confined it to American seamen,
and they would have given the bounty to theem-
ployment of American seamen, and would not
have made it depend at all upon the amount of
fish caught, but upon the time employed in the
catching. It is not the catching of the fish that
constitutes the seaman, but it is the length of the
voyage, and the manipulation of the vessel. I am
ready to concede that this is a school and nursery
for seamen, and a very important one, indeed. I
differ with my friend from Alabama in that re-
spect. I th'nk he underrates the value of these
men. I know that the impression among some of
the leading officers of our service is, that they
would rather have a crew of these men, ignorant
as they are of the management of square-rigged
vessels, than au^h a crew as you pick up from the
receiving ships, generally made up of men of all
nations, because they have overcome the repug-
nance to sea of a landsman; they have accustomed
themselves to the sea; they know how to do all
the little odd jobs about a vessel; they have gone
through such an apprenticeship that a very little
tuition on board a square-rigged vessel will de-
velop what they have learned into usefulness; and
they are nearly all American seamen.
Thirteen thousand of these men arc employed
in the fisheries. I have made an estimate of our
seamen now. I know of no accurate way the Gov-
ernment has prescribed for reaching exactly the
number of American seamen employed. We have
no means of determining those who are bona fide
American seamen; but 1 speak now of those- who
claim the protection of the American flag, sailing
m American vessels. I make the calculation in
this way: Great Britain has at this day in her mer-
chantservice,4,211,048 tons; we have in our mer-
chant service, 4,840,843 tons, exceeding her by
about seven hundred thousand. She has this day,
according to the best registers which 1 have been
able to consult, 179,387 seamen employed in her
merchant service. I make the calculation in this
way, that as her tonnage is to her merchant sea-
men, so will our tonnage be to our merchant sea-
men. That is not entirely accurate, because we
sail our ships with smaller crews than the Butisli
merchant vessels; we have a great many appliances
which they have not. Our merchant vessels are
the finest in the world, far exceeding theirs in
every point. We use patent roller blocks; we use
windlasses with a thousand contrivances; we use
patent braces to our yards, and we use other ap-
pliances to dispense with men. The calculation,
therefore, is not exactly accurate; but it approx-
imates to correctness; and, according to this cal-
culation, we find that we have 210,405 seamen, of
which number 13,000 are employed in the cod fish-
eries.
The Senate will perceive at once how small'a
proportion of this entire aggregate of seamen we
get from these fisheries. Here let me say, that
the seamen of these fisheries never go into our
Navy or merchant service. Search the merchant
service from Maine to Texas to-day, and you will
find no cod fishermen in it. T\ey are far too in-
telligent for that. There are ry few pursuits in
this country which do not yield to the industrious
hand a greater remuneration for his labor than
going to sea. These cod fishermen are men of
families. They make a short voyage of four
months, and before the system of railroads grew
up, many of them were stage-driveis. You found
them ever}'where as stage-drivers; it was a favor-
ite pursuit with them. They are useful men in
almost every walk of society; men elevated, by
intelligence, far above the ordinary sailor, and
who command a greater price for their wages
everywhere over the world. You do not find
them in the Navy and merchant marine; but you
find them about the localities fiom whence they
come. Therefore, although i concede that this is
a school and nursery for seamen, I say it is not
one that deserves exclusive bounties to keep it
up. The oyster boats of the Chesapeake and Del-
aware bay, the fishermen all along the coatt of
Florida, where they have been shipping salted
fish to Havana, cured with foreign sak,fort\venry- ''
five or thirty years—before the change of ling, i.
and since that time—the smacks employed m car- j j
rymg live fish from the coast of Florida to Cuba, [J
the boatmen along shore, all those supply
oysters and scale and shell fish to our large cities,
are all schools for seamen. These thirteen thou-
sand men bear a small proportion to the merchant
seamen,and,in my judgment, the time haspaased
when they merit any exclusive support, ,
The Senator from New Hampshire contends—
and I understand that the Senator from Maitte
[Mr. Hamlin] maintains the same i<fe&—that,
without these bounties, this fishery will .decline,
perhaps become extinct. They say it caimotmain-
tain itself in the face of the importations froin the
British Provinces, under our reciprocity treaty.
That may be so; but I undertake to say that, if
you will take the bounties that you give to thife
fishery, and give the amount as an addition to the
wages of your seamen, you will have the choice
seamen of the whole world, in peace and in war.
Apply the amount of these allowances directly to
compensating seamen, and what better bounty
could you have for a nursery for seamen?
The idea that we have American seamen to nav-
igate our merchant marine or our Navy is falla-
cious. We have no such thing; we never have
had, and we never can have, and for the reason
that we cannot get them; because,in this country,
as I have said, almost every branch of industry
affords a greater remuneration than going to sea>
and no man will go to sea who can stay ashore.
We have known this so well that we have paid
the highest wages in the world, and therefore we
get the choice of seamen.
Now, let me show you what the British pay for
their seamen, and they'haveputthe wages up after
encountering this difficulty: a frigate would some-
times lie m a British port, in an emergency, three
months without being able to getacrew; and they
have given the highest rate of wages their treasury
would afford. They give their leading seamen—
ceitain men who have proved of fine character and
long service—$12 93 a month; they give their able
seamen $J170 a month; their ordinary seamen
$9 *24 a mon th; thei r ord i nary seamen of the second
class $7 39 a month; their boys of the first class
§4 31; and boys of the secontl class $3 69. We
have but two classes of seamen, able seamen and
ordinary seamen. To an able seaman we give
$18 00; to our ordinary seamen §14 00; and to
landsmen §12 00; we give our boys eight, nine,
and ten dollars. In other words, we give to our
seamen fifty per cent, more than the highest com-
mercial nation in the world, and we give to our
boys one hundred per cent. more. France, Rus-
sia, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, all the commer-
cial Powers upon the northern seas give far le§s
than Great Britain. She gives the highest wages
next to ourselves. We have adhered to this pol-
icy thus far, and it enabled us to get the pick of
seamen in 1812. We had more seamen tnan we
wanted. When we went into the war of 1812 we
had one hundred thousand registered seamen*
We got more than we wanted. Great Britain, in
her recent difficulties with Russia, has found that
she was unable to get seamen. It is because of
the superior treatment of the seaman, his higher
character, in our service, and the higher social
position he enjoys relatively to other classes of
society, that we get the best.
I say, as long as this policy is pursued of giv-
ing liberal wages—and they are only in accordance
with the rates of compensation to other branches
of industry in our country; and m Great Britain
her wages to seamen are in proportion to her
compensation to other branches of industry—as
long as we pursue this policy we shall get the
best seamen; and, if it is necessary to give a
bounty, let us give it to men who go into the ser-
vice. Let us give it to them after going into the
merchant service or Navy. Give it directly, but
not indirectly; for it now goes into the hands of
ship-owners. Gentlemen, I presume, willsay
that a portion of this bounty, which is received
by the fishing vessels, is divided out to the sea-
men in proportion to their several merits. Well,
sir, the inquiries I have made on this subject lead
me to the conclusion, that, whenever money goes
into the hands of a ship-owner, to be divided
among his crew, to be retained till the settlement
of accounts, his advance to them will always liqui-
date the amount to be advanced. In other words,
the pipes and tobacco that Jack has drawn—those
are the common terms he uses—from the purser
or clerk of the vessel, always counterbalance uny
advance he is to receive. That is the universal
