1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
must largely increase the number, besides those
fishing for cod. Or is it, on the other hand, true
that fishing: for cod peculiarly trains a seaman ? Is
it true, as has been drawn from the argument, that
they were found on our ships In the war of 1812;
that their pursuit drew them there; or is it not
referable to the fact that that war was waged with
Great Britain,the great maritime Power that owned
the banks; that our fishermen were driven off; that
their employment was gone; and that, therefore,
they were forced into our privateers and ships of
war? If the war had been wa^ed with France,
then the French fishermen would have been driven
off the banks—driven off by the courage and skill
of our own fishermen. It was because of the power
of the British navy, and bccause of their proxim-
ity to the banks, that our fishermen were driven
away; and being driven away, I say they were to
oe f >und in our vessels, public and private, that
were engaged in armed service.
But I observe that the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hami.iv,] in his argument, seemed to refer
all the naval power of every country, our own in-
cluded, to their nursery of fishermen. I should
wholly dissent from this. That fishing is one of
those aquatic occupations that fit a man to go to
dea, is true, whatever the character of the fishing
may be. That it is to that extent a sort of (raining
for the Navy, is true. But the cases which were
cited of Holland and of Spam, are cases which I
- think are referable to a totally different causc.
They had fishermen and they had, to some ex-
tent, seamen; but when Holland lost the Dutch
East Indies, and when Spam lost the American
colonies, their naval power declined, but their
fisheries remain still. Why have not the fish-
eries, if they were the cause of their naval power,
maintained it' Why has Great Britain, on the
other hand, maintaining her colonies all over the
globe, maintained her naval power in the face of
every opposition 5
Then again, sir, there are other causes. The
Greeks and Venetians were great naval Powers,
because oftheirharbois, because the people looked
out on the seas. The people of Maine are, be-
cause that portion of our coast, more than any
other, is indented with deep and fine harbois.
The people of Indiana are not so; their State
touches at one point on a lake where nature made
no harbor, and art has notyet made one. Wego
to Maine to find seamen, not to Indiana; and it is
the result of natura^causes, geographical causes.
Our own country, I think fortunately, has had no
colonial possessions. Eaily, therefore, she sought
to encourage seamanship by fishing bounties and
by navigation laws. They are of "the same char-
acter of class legislation, and to my mmd objec-
tionable. They are, I say, unequal, because they
ar« class legislation, not because one portion of the
country gets the advantage of them, and another
cannot. Though that is the answer which has
been made to the argument, I hold it to be. no an-
swer at.all.
Neither do I admit that the men who live in the
neighborhood of these fisheries, and point to their
prowess m the war of 1812, have any right to
appropriate that glory to themselves. It is mine
as an American—mine as much as that of any
ottier man; and, sir, I am sure my friend fiom
Alabama, as little as myself, would wish to detract
in any degree from the gallantry and the enter-
prise and the glory of the Yankee sailors who
won so many battles in the war of 1812. As much
as those who live nearer to them, do I honor the
hardihood, the energy, and courage which have
carried them into eveiy sea where there is water
enough to float a ship, and have made our em-
blematic flajj respected ai^d known all over the
globe. And, sir, it is thp iiigli a:tributes they have
exemplified m so many pursuits wheie they were
not fostered by the hand of the Government,
which encourages me to believe that they will
stand alone in this as in others, if you put them
all on the same general level. Every duty winch
is imposed as protection, I put on the same footing
of class legislation as the fishing bounties—not
those duties, however, which are imposed for rev-
enue, so long as the policy of our Government is
to collect the money with which the Government
is supported, by duties on imports. I think our
present system objectionable; I would prefer a
vad'cal change; and if that radical change is not
+o be made, I thinlca very great variation of duties
is due to iustiec and equality They should be
laid simply for the purpose of revenue, and that
should be a mere calculation of revenue, beyond
the extent to which the encouragement of certain
articles is necessary as a means of national defense.
Wherever that is shown, to that extent I am
willing to go.
If, then, Mr. President, this is not shown to be
the best means of maintaining a Navy, (and I do
not think it can be, and I do not think it has been,)
I say upon the mere question of policy the prop-
osition falls, and the bill introduced by the Sen-
ator from Alabama should be adopted. But it
may be asked why, if you say this is not the best
means of maintaimnga Navy, you do notsuggest
some other. Very well; I will. Suppose the two
hundred and fifty or three hundred thousand dol-
lars ayearnow paid in bounties were paid to ves-
sels carrying a certain number of apprentices in
proportion to their tonnage; suppose every mer-
chantman was offered an inducement for carrying
a proportion of apprentices: the boys then that he
around your wharves, the boys that are penniless
and homeless and parentless in your great com-
mercial cities, would become apprentices under
masters of merchant vessels, and thus you would
build up American seamen, step by step, to dis-
place the foreigners who are now found both in
the merchant service and in the public vessels.
This, 1 hold, would be a legitimate step; for these
foreigners are not only found as the seamen upon
your public vessels, but the petty officers of the
great armed ships of the United States are, to a
great extent, foreigners also, and for the reason
that they are educated from their youth to the pro-
fession of sailors, and therefore are better compe-
tent to perform the duties. But, sir, if an Amer-
ican vessel were engaged in battle, with yourguns
in the hands of foreigners, what assurance have
you that these foreigners might not prove faith-
less to the flag to which they were bound by no
tie of allegiance? How easy it would be for the
captain of a gun to cripple the gun, to overshoot
or undershoot the enemy, and thus to render you
powei less by the mere action of the men to whom
you mtiust these small charges that must belong
to the deck of every armed vessel.
Nor would it be necessary to pay out this
money to the captains and the apprentices. You
could manage that readily und«-r your regula-
tions You could do it by remitting port charges,
clearance duties, and entrance duties to merchant
.ships that carried a certain number of appren-
tices; and thus, without paving out a dollar, or
incurring your expense a single cent more than is
now incurred, you could obtain a number of ap-
pientices, who, step by step, would give you
American seamen. They would more than sup-
ply the places ofall your fishermen, if all the fish-
ermen were to be taken from your vessels in any
contingency; and they would leave the fishing
business to rest, as justiy it ought, on its own
bottom, and to seek its reward as other pursuits
of industry do.
But, sir, it has been further argued that the rais-
ing of seamen for the Navy in this way rests upon
the same footing as the public schools at West
Point or Annapolis. If any one will prove tome
that the appropriations made for the Military
Academy are made to cducate men for the Army,
I say away with them; and,on the other hand,!
claim of those who urge this argument,thatifthey
see, as they must see if they will examine, that
these appropriations are made to educate the war-
rant officers of the Army, and that it is a mere ques-
tion of economy and advantage whether they
shall be thus educated, or in some other mode;
then, 1 say, they must admit it does not stand at
all on the same footing as a bounty paid to per-
sons who owe no obligations to serve the United
Suites.
The cadets in the Military Academ}' enter into
an obligation to serve the United Siates for a term
of years, greatly beyond that in which they are
at the Academy—three years longer; and that ab-
sorbs a period of eight years m the life of a young
man, which carries hnn so far forward that if he
has any military taste the probability is, unless
some accident which he cannot foresee happens,
that he will die in the service of the United States
in the Army. Being a warrant officer of the Uni-
ted States, the question then is, shall you send
him to a regiment to be educated, or shall you
send him to the Military Academy, where he will
receive a regular course of instruction under able
professors, and advance- rapidly towards the. at-#
tainment of those elements which he prol>a&ly wi.ll
never acquire serving in a regiment? -You must
educate your officer somewhere. You must edu-
cate him in the regiment or in the Academy.
you educate him in the regiment you mustedupate
him with the pay of a commissioned oMcer? and
you must take a long term of years, because'his,
studies are broken up by constant intervals, ofT
duty. If you send, him to the Academy you there
confine him to his studies-, you direet his studies;
you furnish him the bonks; and you lead him on
step by step in that regular succession of element-
ary studies which no man can mark but for him-
self. I say, then, they are educated in the Army"
as much as if they were sent to the regiments,
there to learn their profession by performing duty,
with this great advantage: you compel them to
learn elements which, in the other case, they could
not do; and you only give them the right to com-
mand men when they have learned to obey and
know how to exercise the functions of an officer.
The Naval School I do not know so much about;
but I find myself so far exhausted that I will not
enter upon a new topic. I do not know that I
should have been tempted to say so much but for
the strange propositions, as it strikes me, which
have been introduced into the argument.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to say a few words merely
in explanation of the vote I shall give against this
amendment. I shall vote against the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire when it is
in oider, and also against the amendment which
postpones the operation of this bill. The Senator
from New Hampshire says that he is opposed to
monopolies. Without questioning the sincerity
of his statement, I must say that he takes the most
effectual method to perpetuate them; for when-
ever an abuse bccomes so gross that it can no
longer be defended, nor any pretext invented for
it, the sure way to prevent its abolition is to in-
troduce a variety of collateral questions. Now,
sir, I am not satisfied with the present system
under which the Military Academy and the Naval
School are conducted; I do not behove they are as
efficient as they might be, in proportion to"the
amount of public money expended on them: but
I have no idea of defeating this bill by attaching
provisions upon any collateral questions to it.
Mr. President, what is this case before us?
Here are a few thousand men in several of the
New England States who^go out in the course of
the year to catch cod fish and other fish. It is a
very honestbusiness; I have nothingtosayagainst
it, and 1 have nothing to say against them; I pre-
sume they are useful citizens of the United States,
and they have my thanks for being useful and in-
dustrious; but they go out to catch fish in their
own boats; they bring the fish home; they sell them
either salted or dried; and they put the money m
their pockets. That is the sum total of their ser-
vices; and you a^nd I, sir, are asked to levy a tax
on our constituents who till the soil, who engage
in employments equally honorable and industri-
ous—I am asked to impose a tax on the thousands
of my constituents who live along Lake Erie, and
catch fish on which no bounty is paid—for what?
What elevates these gentlemen to the rank of
aristocrats, that they are to be supported at the
expense of all the other laboring men of the Uni-
ted States? It is a question that must c©me home
to us. How can we justify it? What is the ex-
cuse for it ? There has none been made that can
stand the test of a moment's examination.
I am satisfied, on examining these various,stat-
utes, that this was originally a free-trade propo-
sition. It was intended in all cases of salted fish
and salted provisions exported, to give a draw-
back, or a bounty equivalent to the drawback, on
the foreign salt used m curing them. I think it
was a good doctrine. It is a doctrine I am will-
ing to see applied to a very large extent in our
revenue laws. I have no doubt that some argu-
ments were thrown in as make-weights about
the same time, to the effect that it might erieour-
age seamen, or prove a nursery of seamen, and
all that sort of thing; but the language of the
law, the manifest purpose of this drawback ori-
ginally was to give the party a compensation for
the duty on the salt, as he exported the provis-
ions aud imported the salt. The only difficulty
that has arisen in my mind has been upon the
act of 1813, the one now in force. The first
three sections of that act plainly contemplate a
