2054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May Hi
drawback in the case of- salted fish. The last
sections, those which are now in force, giving a
bounty on the vessel, hardly seem, in their lan-
guage, to carry out that design; but when I con-
sider that the tenth section of the act continued
these bounties in force only during the war with
Groat Britain and her dependencies, I am satis-
fied that it was a measure of hostility, that it was
intended to stimulate the men engaged in these
fisheries in Nety England to drive the English col-
onists out of the fisheries near the English domin-
ions. The last section says:
« This act shall continue in force until the termination
of the war in which the United States are now engaged
with the United Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and
the dependencies thereof, and for one year thereafter, and
no longer."
I am satisfied that it was intended to encourage
the fishermen to take possession of the fisheries
in time of war.
Well, sir, we come down to the tariff of 1816;
and we all know that in those days the argument
was made that during the war certain branches
of industry, manufactures, and many others, had
grown up under the protection of the war by the
exclusion of foreign goods and the products of
foreign industry, and that, therefore there ought
not to be an immediate reduction; and I believe
that was the excuse given by Mr. Calhoun and
many others who voted for the tariff of 1816; and
under that, these bounties were continued.
But, sir, we have revised all that system; we
have struck this element of protection out of
every other department of industry. This is the
last relic of the system. It has survived the rea-
son on which it was founded; it has survived all
the circumstances out of which it originated; and
it remains now as a single, solitary abuse, for
which no apology can be given. Talk about a
nursery of seamen ! Why, sir, it is a premium j
not to bo seamen. Tell mo that, whori you give
these gentlemen a bounty for going in their fish-
ing smacks, and fishing along the coast, they will
quit that business to ^o into the Navy, where they
get no bounty ! It is a bounty to them to stay
out of the Navy; it is a bounty to go into then-
own profitable employment, and be paid to remain
there, and to remain out of the Navy. If, how-
ever, this allegation were true, I would say, with
the Senator from Flonda, incieasc the pay of the
seaman; pay the marl who goes into the Navy; and
not pay a man to learn how to go into the Navy,
and then not go into it. Are we to go upon such
doctrines as these? Why, I suppose the Senator
from Delaware will next want us to pay a bounty
to his Constituents for manufacturing gunpowder,
in order that we may have a good article of gun-
powder by the time of the next war; and so we
shall go on. Every field of industrial pursuit,
which may contribute to the common defense by
land or by sea in time of hostilities, is to be stim-
ulated ana protected during all the years of peace.
No, sir. If -this is a legitimate business; if it is
a business which ought to engage the industry of
these gentlemen, it will pay them well. If it does
not pay them, they had better betake themselves
to some other employment. I am satisfied, as I
said before, that the whole reason, whether you
consider it as a drawback or a protection, of these
bounties, has long since ceased, and that they now
stand as the last relic of the protective system,
whereby the industry of two thirds of this nation
has been plundered for the aggrandizement of a
few persons in the eastern .States,
I said I should vote against the proposition to
defer the lopeal, because I think the last clay of
December, 1859, is sufficient. They get two years
bounty under the bill, and that is time enough for
them to quit. There was no mcrey shown to any-
body else at the time we set up here a whole
night, at the last session of Congress, to pass the
tariff bill, when, by one fell swoop, in twenty-
four hours you struck down the duties upon a
great variety of articles. When my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Biglefl] stood up here with
his then colleague, [Mr. Brodhead,] and implored
us to protect'the iron interest, we did not give
them a year, or two years, or any other period in
which to bring their account to a settlement; we
cut them off square. Now, we g.ve these gen-
tlemen eighteen months'notice, and we are asked
to give them six years more than that. The
amount of it will be that the system will be per-
petual.
I understand there is another amendment, which
has been offered, though it has not been read from
the desk, by the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Allen,] and that is to repeal the duty on salt as
an additional section. I would be inclined to vote
for that proposition, as at present advised, in a
separate bill; but 1 am satisfied that to attach it to
this bill will hazard the.success of the bill; and,
inasmuch as we are 'likely to have a general re-
vision of the tariff before long, I think the salt
duty may remain; and especially as, under a sec-
tion of the tariff act.of 1846, which is yet in force,
there is a drawback allowed on all pickled or salted
fish exported equal to the whole amount of the
salt duty. I say the fifth section of the tariff act
of 1846 allows these fishermen a drawback on all
the exported fish equal to the amount of the salt
duty; and that .section, I presume, it is not the
design of my friend from Alabama to affect; but,
lest there may be any difficulty on that point, I
will suggest to him to add a proviso to his bill
that nothing contained in it shall interfere with
that section. Then, surely, these men are better
off than anybody else; for my constituents, who
cure beef and pork, have rio drawback on expor-
tation on account of the salt they use; and I think
that allowing the drawback on the salted fish ex-
ported to remain, under the act of 1846, will be
sufficient. Therefore, although I might be in-
clined, and would be inclined, as at present ad-
vised, to vote for an abolition or reduction of the
salt duty, I am satisfied that this bill is not the
place to put it, and that it had better wait until
we have a revision of the tariff.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire has committed what
I think is a very grave error, calculated to mislead
the Senate and the country in regard to an'im-
portant collateral point in this discussion. He has
done so without excuse. He has magnified his
ability and qualifications to instruct the Senate in
the taking of fish by boasting of his education,
and of his location within ten miles of the sea-
shore; nevertheless, in the lecture which he has
given us on the subject of the taking of cod and
halibut, he has left the Senate under the belief
that it is an affair perfectly easy and simple to
take a halibut with a cod hook. Now, whoever
shall attempt that will find himself mistaken, un- |
less he has the gaffs ready to seize the halibut
when brought to the water's edge, so as to prevent
him breaking the hook and making off again into
his deep-sea home.
He has misled the Senate in regard to another
important point. He has encouraged landsmen
to expect that they can take mackerel with a hook
and line, it the hook be delicate enough. This is
an idea that is peculiar to the British fishermen
in the lower Province of Canada. Whoever will
go upon those fishing grounds will discover that
there is nobody who can maintain a mackerel voy-
age successfully and prosperously except a Yan-
kee; and that the reason why he is successful is,
thil ho takes a mill with him on board his vessel,
and a supply of herring and other materials for
bait, and he grinds them in his idle hours in the
evenings and mornings, and when no schools are
about. When you see a vessel that is engaged in
the mackerel fishing, if it be a mile, or two or three
or four or five miles from you, and you attempt
to board it, you find yourself in a very short time
in a sea that is covered with what appears to be
offal, refuse matter, which is thrown overboard by
the mackerel fishermen, after having been ground
in that mill. In that way the mackerel which go
in shoals are attracted and baited. Then, if he is
a shrewd fisherman, he draws them on nearer to
the land, and then a seine will take more mackerel
in one hour than my honorable friend from New
I Hampshire would take m all his life with hooks,
j however small, and lines however delicate. I have
! thought it proper to amend my honorable friend's
1 instructions and omissions in regard to this im-
j portant art and interest.
Mr. President, I shall not undertake to demon-
strate the power of Congress to continue these
bounties to the fishermen. It is enough for my
present purpose that, when the constitutional
h Government of the United States went into oper-
il ation, and the First Congress was held in the year
: 1789, those who constituted that Congress under-
! stood as well as we how to interpret the constitu-
;; tionu! powers to regulate commerce, and how to
il exeicis"' the power to establish and maintain a
Navy; and that that Congress, and all succeeding
Congresses from that time, with the exception of
a period of four years, maintained this system of
bounties to the cod fisheries.
I have but a word to say in regard to the pre- •
judice that is sought to be raised against this sys-
tem because it is local. It is true that the fish-
eries of the United States are in one sense local:.
The fields of the tod fish and mackerel fisheries,
are local, and near to our own shores'and the
shores of the British Provinces. It is.necessary
to go where the fish inhabit, if you mean to take
them; but they inhabit the waters in High lati-
tudes. It is no more local than the whale fish-
ery; forthe enterprise of the "whale fishery is pur-
sued in substantially the same region, although
the whale are chased under the north and south
poles. The men who harpoon them, and the ves-
sels which bring them in, and the merchants who
sell them, are all found in three of the New Eng-
land States, and those of the New England States
that are directly on the ocean, Maine, New Hamp-
shire, and Massachusetts. This system of in-
dustry benefits first, perhaps benefits most, the
citizens living in that locality; but it is no more
a local interest than the gold mining of Califor-
nia. That is peculiarly local; and yet upon the
prosperity and success of gold mining for a sin-;
gle year may depend the solvency of the Govern-
ment and of the whole country. A misfortune,
an accident, or a calamity that could arrest it for
a single year might embarrass the whole tiom-
mercial, and even the political world. It is no
more local than the raising of cotton and of sugar,
which must be raised in certain latitudes under
or near the tropics. For all that, cotton, we have
heard here, is king in commerce; king in the
commerce not only of this continent, but uni-
versal monarch in the commerce of the whole
world.
Mr. President, if the United States were Con-
fined in their settlements and population to-New
England alone, there would probably be no ne-
cessity'for bounty on fisheries for the support of
commerce and the establishment of naval power.
It is precisely because the United States is a great
Power, reaching over an extended country, de-
veloping the varied resources of a continent that
it was found necessary originally, and in my judg-
ment has continued ever since to be necessary, to
encourage and sustain the fisheries as a nursery
for the mercantile and the national marine—an
institution to promote the commerce of the coun-
try, and to increase the power of the country.
To establish this institution it was necessary to
go to where these fisheries were, in order to sus-
tain them; because they were in that sense local.
But when the Government of the United States,
with an immense western domain, reaching at
the earliest day to the Mississippi, and since ex-
tended to the Pacific ocean, opened all that vast
domain to agriculture, inviting and tempting em-
igration from the sea-coast into the interior, by
the distribution of that land at prices practically
nominal to all the undergrowth of American pop-
ulation and to population from Europe, the Gov-
ernment of the United States thereby powerfully
protected and stimulated agriculture. The United
States have ever since continued to protect agri-
culture in that way, with a force, with an energy,
with a munificence, such as the world has never
before seen applied to such a purpose. It is owing
to that protection that the United States have be-
come a great agricultural people—already one of
the greatest, and soon to become the greatest of
all agricultural nations.
The United States were not content to be merely
an agricultural people, for they were ambitious.
They knew that no nation can be truly great that
keeps in operation only one wheel of industry.
There are three of these wheels in a perfect na-
tional engine, and they must ail throe be kept in
activity and in motion. They mutually interlock
andworkwith each other. These are, agriculture,
manufactures, and commerce. The Government
found in 1783, that, although an agricultural peo-
ple, with this vast domain, we were incapable of
maintaining a Government, and were even inca-
pable of discharging the debt of the Revolution. It
was necessary that they should become a com-
mercial people, that they should become a mari-
time Power, or else they could have no revenues
adequate to sustaining and maintaining the dig-
11 nity of the Government, to say nothing of paying
