1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
varied accidents of origin, race, or history, the in-
fluences of climate, habits, and pursuits, the spirit
of our political associations is that of equals and
sovereigns among the States, and one Govern-
ment as to all national purposes. There is, there-
fore, an eminent propriety in the associations of
these two measures as one, not to suffer in the
disasters of a common defeat, but to share a com-
mon success. Let them enter the Union as twin-
sisters. The spectacle has been witnessed in our
past history, and it will lose none of its moral or
its significance if it is witnessed by us. We shall
thus, by one comprehensive and decisive meas-
ure, rid ourselves of two subjects of engrossing
interest. The country needs repose from this
sectional agitation, which threatens to become, if
it is not so already, a leprous and incurable vice
in our political s-ystem. Let us dismiss from our
Halls this nationaldiscord over the domestic quar-
rels of a distant Teiritory which has come upon
us unbidden and uninvited. Let us refer this
question to the State of Kansas as a sovereign
among her sisters in the Confederacy, and dis-
cords must cease, and the law restored to its su-
premacy. If these anticipations of the future
are not realized; if the scenes of strife, of car-
nage, and revolution, which have convulsed that
Territory, and threatened to extend themselves
beyond her border, are to be immortal; if Kan-
sas is to bring into the Union no gifts but her dis-
cords, with which to embroil sections in her own
unhappy strife, it will be because of that mis-
chievous and malign intervention in her affairs
from outside her borders that has counseled re-
sistance to law, to her legitimate government,
and has incited her turbulent malcontents to re-
bellion. It will be because there are those who,
having predicted the failure of this measuie to
restore peace, will adopt ail expedients to msiue
that result. If all these causes combined should
unhappily succeed in protracting the struggle,
and defeat all efforts at pacification, then we shall
have acquitted ourselves of our whole duty, and
the consequences can take care of themselves.
Mr. President, let not the friends of Minnesota
think that she is dishonored or contaminated by
the association with Kansas in this form. They
both come here irregulaily, and both nerd the
same indulgence to enable them to enter the portals
of theUnion. If Minnesota presents herselfunder
the authority of a previous act of Congress, pre-
paratory to her admission, those who refused at
last Congress, to smooth the way for Kansas by
a similar mode, cannot now justly arrogate for
Minnesota any preeminence of rights on that
score. If Kansas brings here a lepublican con-
stitution, as the tiiumph of government over fac-
tion and revolution, Minnesota has not been free
from factious strifes in accomplishing herpurpose.
Her convention spiit in twain, upon its assem-
blage; its two hostile fragments pursuing their
labors under separate organizations, each claim-
ing to be the legitimate convention, and each act-
ing for the whole people. They only reached a
common result through a joint committee, and
adopted the same constitution on separate parch-
ments. If Kansas comes here as a nominal slave
State, in defiance of the exploded Missouri com-
promise, does iK)t Minnesota ask admission with
boundaries embracing a portion of the Northwest*,
which, by the compact with Virginia, was to be
carved into only five States? If Minnesota has
fortunately obtained the previous consent of Con-
gress to her admission, it does not detract from
the obligation of Congress to Kansas to redeem
its pledges in the organic act, and in the treaty
with France in 1803- They both occupy the same
legal footing, and I shall cheerfully vote for both.
Each has, in the exercise of these rights—"to form
their domestic institutionsym their own way5'—
establish for themselves "republican " forms of
government. This enables us to perform our
constitutional duty and guarantees, and exhausts
our whole power over the subject. All beyond
that is usurpation, and invites back here the. very
misch'ef to which we thought we had bid adieu
forever. It robs the Kansas declaration of rights
of its chief virtue, and restores to us the power
of intervention,nonethe less distasteful or offens-
ive because of the spurious pretext of intervening
in their affairs to enforce non-intervention.
Mr. President, that I maybe intelligible in my
remarks upon the main subject of discussion, I
must recall koine of the history of the Kansas
question, and advert to some considerations con-
nected with it. In doing so, I must draw largely
on the labors of my colleague on the Committee
on Territories, whose finished and logical state-
ment of facts would, if generally known, spare
me the labor of attempting to condense them.
The contest in which we are now engaged is
but another chapter in the history of the slavery
question. The form has changed; the struggle is
the same. Eight years ago scenes transpired in
this Chamber which many of us remember. No
one desires to witness their repetition. How long
and how arduous were the labors to put a period
to that state of things, are matters of familiar his-
tory. "YVe had approached a period in our national
career when no one could divine or cared to know
its future. Our arms and our diplomacy had given
us an empire to govern, and the attempt to organ-
ize and fix its political condition and to devote it to
the North had unlocked the pent-up elements of
discord in our political system, and having escaped
the control of the politics of parties, seemed armed
only for mischief. The antagonisms of half a cen-
tury seemed to have been precipitated into a last
conflict for supremacy, while the cohesive and
conservative ligaments of the Union, auxiliaries of
our Constitution, either slumbered in repose or
awakened to a task to which they seemed unequal.
The country had been dragged to the very thresh-
old of levolution. The great disease of our sys-
tem, planted at its birth, and matured with its
growth, menaced speedy dissolution. I speak of
the antagonism, restless and aggressive, of the free
States to the institutions of the southern States.
If this array had been but a mere paroxysm
of party, it would have soon passed, and after
the stoim we should have hailed the sunshine
again; but this antagonism had outgrown its ori-
ginal dimensions, and was fortified by others coin-
ciding with it. The Missoun compromise had
boldly avowed and taught the dangerous lesson
that there was a Noith and a South, with hostile
systems of institutions, of labor, of philosophy,
and religion on its opposite sides. The project
was boldly avowed to surround the southern
States with a cordon of fiee States, and foibid the
farther expansion of the southern institutions;
to line our borders with hostile influences, before
which the security for property would melt away.
To declare the ocean free, that the slave trade be-
tween the States might be paralyzed; to make free
territory wherever the Dag of the Union waved;
to convert our forts and arsenals into a refuge for
fugitive slaves; and desecrate the stars and stripes
of the Union to the ideas and objects of asection.
As if to show with what precision this crusade
had been planned, a member from Massachusetts
congratulated himself that when this consumma-
tion was complete, there would be less than two
hundred miles between any slave in the southern
States and his freedom.
The struggle was for empire and dominion
upon the one side, and for self-preservation on
the other. Truth triumphed, and this gieat agi-
tation ended in the declaration of that just and
universal principle that States may be admitted
into the Union " with or without slavery, as their
constitution may prescribe at the time of their
admission." This was no triumph of one sec-
tion over another; it was a triumph of the Consti-
tution over all. The legislation in which it was
conceived was confined to Utah and New Mex-
ico, but the principle was universal. It was of
necessity applicable to all Territories, and bounded
by no latitudes. It was not alone a southern, but
an American idea. Sections had been arrayed m
the ceaseless hostility of rival systems—defying
all pacification, knowing neither peace nor truce,
and separated by a broad ground of debatable
questions, about which it were folly to suppose
they could ever agree. Heie was a common um-
pire, selected by the Constitution, to which this
question could be submitted. This was a second
declaration of independence—not an act of eman-
cipation. It did not propose to emancipate the
slave from his master in the Territories, but to
emancipate the Territories themselves from the
intervention of the Federal Government. It was
the higher freedom of government in the Territo-
ries—the freedom of American citizens to shape
their own destinies, and to mold the institutions
under which they are to live.
Four years later it became necessary to test the
value of this great principle of territorial freedom
in its application to territory north of the Mis-
souri line. In terms, this had not been repealed
by the compromise of 1850. The longer toler-
ation of this restriction was plainly inconsistent
with the principles of that act, and considerations
of the highest import demanded its total repeal.
It was offensive as a statutory reproach of Con-
gress upon the institutions of half the States of
the Union. It was anomalous, as prescribing in-
tervention north of the line and non-intervention
on the subject of slavery south of it. It was un-
just, as conferring a different measure of political
rights on different Territories. Northern citizens
could go into all parts of the common domain,
while southern citizens were restricted by a line.
It had arrayed the country in hostilesections, and
fostered the idea that they had separate rights in
the Union. It was an unmitigated mischief, and
by its tendency to create hostile systems develop-
ing in opposite directions, had half accomplished
the rupture of the Union. The history of its ori-
gin ceased to entitle it to respect. It was no com-
promise. It was accepted by the South as an
evil less than that of the alternative—total ex-
clusion from all the common territory. Such was
the hard necessity of their condition, that they
claimed as a triumph what was a vast sweeping
capitulation. It had fulfilled its mission, and its
virtues were now gone; it had purchased a peace
at the price of a permanent source of discord, and
this was its whole virtue. It was therefore re-
pealed, and the Kansas and Nebraska act was
passed.
I have indulged in a seeming latitude of remarks
upon the chief features of the great discussions
and agitations of 1821, 1850, and 1854, in which
the subject of slavery in the Territories was the
only question; but it forms a part of my purpose
to show that this is the only question referred to
the people of the Territories, and the only power
abdicated by Congress in theirfavor. It is worth
while to repeat the words of this enactment, which
provides, in the exact language of the compromise
measures of 1850, that<f when admitted as a State,
the said Territory, or any portion of the same,
shall be received into the Union with or without
slavery, as their constitutions may prescribe at the
time of their admission." Again, after declaring
the Missouri act inoperative and void, as repug-
nant to these principles, the purpose of Congiess
in passing the act is declaied in these woids:
" It being the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any State or Tenstoiy, nor to exclude
it therefiorn, but to leave the people rncieof perfectly free
tofoimsuidiegulatetlieii domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the United States."
To these express recognitions of the perfect
freedom of the Territories to form their domestic
institutions was added another more general and
comprehensive, that the power of the Legislature
should £t extend to all rightful subjects of legisla-
tion not inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United States;" and this completed the code of
the powers and privileges of the Territories.
Mr. President, too much importance cannot be
asciibed to the principles of this enactment. It
finally ascertained and rigidly defined the true
relation between the Federal Government and the
Territories, and traced the line that separates the
just powers of the one from the legitimate rights
of the other. Regarding the Territories as polit-
ical communities and embryo States preparing for
admission into the Union, and having a clear right
under the Constitution to it, it assimilated as far
as possible their political rights to those of the
States. They were not sovereign, it i.s true, but
they wore exclusive masteis of their own, in their
internal affairs. By an abuse of terms, this ap-
plication of the principles of self-government to
the Territories has been called popular sover-
eignty.'' " squatter sovereignty." Our form of
Government admits of no squatter sovereignty,
except where there is no Government, and no
allegiance supetior to their ri^ht. I know of no
illustration of this right, thus perv^ited, except
that defiant and treasonable attempt, at Topeka.
to subvert the Government and authority of the
United States, by an independent and revolution-
ary State government. I3ut that absolute sovcr
eignty, defined to be the supreme power of a State,
and which in every government is lodged some-
where, is shared between the Federal and terri-
torial governments. The Federal Government
nserung to itself all its national powei of admit'
