1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«
ting new States, and its necessary incident of
instituting temporary governments, as a means to
attain that end, is supreme in the exercise of thpse
powers. The Territories, having the right to form
and regulate, since this act, ail their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way, are supreme in tne
exercise of those rights. Among the great mass,
and prominent in it, is th is subject of slavery, now
also referred to their jurisdiction as a domestic
institution—domestic from the nature of the juris-
diction which forms and regulates it, national only
in the guarantees and securities with which the
rights of property connected with it are invested
by the compromises of the Constitution. But for
this last feature, which attaches to it the right of
property in slaves, through all the common Ter-
ritories, I should not know of any exemption
which it possessed from the power of the Legis-
lature. This subject, with all the domestic insti-
tutions, the civil relations of life, the internal pol-
ity, the municipal concerns, of the Territory, are
alike confided to their own regulation and admin-
istration. These are not rights derived from Con-
gress, but only recognized by the form of govern-
ment which it has instituted for their protection,
and which it is the right of Congress to ordain,
as a necessary means to their admission into the
Union. It is in this sense, and in this only, that
Congress is supreme, and that the sovereignty of
the Territories is said by the Senator from Illi-
nois to bo "in abeyance, suspended in the United
States, in trust for the people when they become
aState." Aniongthe " rightful subjects of legis-
lation" with which they are clothed, among the
"domestic institutions" which they are empow-
ered " to form and regulate," is that highest act
of the supreme power with which they are invested
—the formation ofaState government preparatory
to admission into the Union, and prescribing the
mode and manner of accomplishing this purpose.
When they are to exercise this right, and how to
exercise it; when they have outgrown the capacity
ofa territorial government, and desire the stronger
and more vigorous energies of a State govern-
ment, are questions concerning themselves alone,
and no one else. If Congress is to determine that
question, then territorial self-government is worse
than a shadow, and the Kansas acta delusion.
These Territories, as part of the territories ac-
quired from France in 1803, hold our bond to
admit them into the Union according to the
principles of the Federal Constitution; and it is
theirs to decide when they wiU ask its fulfillment.
The acts organizing these Territories contemplate
their speedy admission asStates, and are adopted
as a necessary means to accomplish that result;
and it is for them to determine when they will
ask that these just expectations shall be realized-
These are their high functions to perform; and
in their performance they are not subject to the
surveillance of Congress—the officious intermed-
dling of Governors—under no obligation to pro-
pitiate the sullen resentments of insurgent fac-
Union against its consent, expressed through its
constitutional forms. The admission of aState
into the Union is a compact between the State and
the Union, in which each acts in perfect harmo-
ny in performing- its own appropriate functions.
It requires the assent of both, and it matters but
little which may take the initiative; whether, as
in the case of Minnesota, Congress tenders her
consent in advance, and invites a State to pro-
pose for admission; or whether, as in Kansas, the
Territory takes the first step, and presents her-
self, a State with her republican constitution, and
asks admission into the Union. In either case
the legal attitude of both is the same. Each re-
quires the consent of Congress to complete her
admission. A republican constitution is alike
necessary to both, as well as the requisite popu-
lation. In either case the act of the Territoryis
the exercise of its wholeandhighestsovereignty,
and valid as such, and for that reason. If admit-
ted, they are States; if not, they remain Terri-
tories.
Mr. President, these are the general principles
! which I entertain as to the true relation between
! the Federal Government and the Territories. A
| few facts in the history of Kansas of control-
i ling significance will make their application ob-
! vious. On the 30th of May, 1854, the Kansas-
! Nebraska act was passed. Itopened aboundless
! field for American enterprise, and newconquests
I for American civilization. The western frontier,
i the advanced posts of our progress was skirted
' from the Red to the Missouri river with an In-
! dian empire which, secured by the faith of treaties,
' seemed anchored in the great pathway of com-
; merce and emigration to the Pacific. The march
! of civilization had been airested by aline of longi-
tude. This checked for a period the advancing
stream of emigration which, coursing with cease-
less and swelling tide, and following the path of
the sun, shall meet the reflex of the tide from the
Pacific, and mingling amid the crests of the Rocky
Mountains, end its mission in completing the cir-
cuit of the globe. This barrier was removed.
The Indian, unfixed in his home, and forced again
upon his retreat to accomplish his destiny, all
this vast empire so suddenly unlocked, with its
countless capacities and treasures, nine tenths of
it was devoted irrevocably, by an lrrepealable law
of climate, to settlcmentfrom the northern States
of the Union, and destined inevitably to swell the
number of free States; besides which, there lay,
too, the recently opened Territory of Minnesota—
the Eden of the continent—and the regions hover-
ing around the great lakes and the heads of the
Mississippi. Then there, too, beyond the Rocky
Mountains, and on the Pacific coast, were Oregon
and Washington—all dedicated by this great law
of climate to the free labor of the North. Here
was a prospect which ought to have satisfied the
highest aspirations of those whose whole conccp-
iton of the objects of the Union consists of the
one idea of " free soil." Upon the south of this
tions, nor to accommodate themselves to ?he views 11 great empire, the opening of which for settlement
■ could, at any time, and at every period ot acqui-
sition, have been defeated by less than the vote of
; southern Senators, lay the small Territory of Kan-
sas, embraced between three parallels of latitude.
> It lay immediately west of Missouri, and in close
: proximity to Arkansas; and. as such, its future
' political condition was an object of lively interest
' in the South. The situation of Missouri was pc-
| cuhar; upon her eastern and northern boundaries
she had free States for her neighbors, and to coin
of distant Slates, but are to be " perfectly free
to carve out their own destinies, " in their own
way." It is this which makes them sovereign
within the sphere which I have thus described.
But on the other hand, there are corresponding
rights and poweis of the Union to be observed.
This is what is meant by the language of the
Kansas act—'' subject only to the Constitution of
the United States." What are these rights and
powers of the Federal Government, in which she , —    - ,
is also supreme, and which are a limitation upon ;j plete the circle of hostile influences, by extending
the unqualified freedom of the Territories' They j; it to her western border, where most of hei stoe
are these, and no others: The Constitution pro- j: population was congregated, was a step wtiicn
vides that " Congress may admitnew Stafts into >, ought, as it did, arouse her most temble eneigies
the Union"—a discretion converted into an ab- n for self-preservation. When the fierce stiu e was
solute obligation bv the treaty with France; and ], over which ended in a long delayed act of justict to
the United States *" guaranties to each State in j! the South, and the principles o n , ,,
the Union a republican form of government." ; were establishes, it was hope *^7,
With the performance ofthese high constitutional receive the sanction of t.ie giea * • •
powers and duties, Congress fulfills its t: ' •' 1 m " ns an Ameucan prin"
ligations, and exhausts its whole power
sistently with these principles, a Territory can- j
not, by her own act alone, either escape from
her territorial dependence, set up an independent j
government of her own upon the ruins of her ,
legitimate government, or induct themselves into <
the Union, " without the consent of Congress." j
Such an act would be revolution, like that or-;
dftined at Topeka. On the contrary, the whole 1
fulfills its'treaty ob- tion, and be enthroned in it as an American pnn-
hoie powers. "Con- i! ciple. The southern States of the Union, n the
true spirit of tins principle, cspectcd only that,
in the fair competition for the extension oi their
form of institutions into Kansas, its settlement
and political complexion would be determined by
the laws of climate and the a^cncies of a natural
and legitimate emigration. If, in the hazards of
a fair Contest for supremacy upon this debatable
ground, they should be defeated, they would nave
5? , . ' y i •   « fun-
aaineu ai 1 OpOKH. uic ~ ,oho,] in n fair
power of Congress* cannot admit a SuUe into me U had the solace of bemb \anquishci in
though unequal contest. But this issue was . not
to be determined in this way. It was not to be
settled by those peaceful and natural agencies
which had heretofore determined the institutions
of other States. The struggle of sections wa&
transferred from the .Capitol to Kansas, which
henceforth was to "be the- battle, ground;- The
power of intervention, abandoned by Congress.,
was taken up by Massachusetts. She, true to her
traditions and her Pharisaical instincts^ and with a
generous oblivion of her own faults, became de-
voutly conccrned for the welfare of distant.Kan-
sas. A new scheme of assault upon the .southern
States was devised. Those who had opposed'the
principles of the Kansas bill, now professing Jo
accept them, determined to^subvert them by a re*
sort to what I am free 16 say is the most offensive
and extraordinary interference of one State in the
affairs of another that lias marked our histoiy.
It was nothing less than, virtually, an armed in-
vasion, under the pretext of peaceful emigration.
A new pretext was invented. New England, it
was said, had been imprisoned within her regions
of ice and granite long enough. Their emigra-
tions were no longer to follow the line of the lakes
and of latitude. An error was suddenly discov-
ered in the laws of emigration, and its develop-
ment was found to be southwest. By a happy
coincidence this new gravitation was found to
point with unerring index to Kansas,-and in con-
formity with the maxims deduced from the world's
history. The march of science, ofcivilization, and
of Christianity, has moved with stfeady and untir-
ing step from the East to the West, while the wars
of°ambition and of conquest have carried tlieir
desolating scourge from the North to the South.
Massachusetts organized that stupendous enter-
prise, the " Emigrant Aid Society." Its modest
title implied that it was but a philanthropic friend
of the poor emigrant, while, in its objects and
ends, it was destined to be to Kansas what the
East India Company was to the Hindoos: Its
capital was $5,000,000, of which only $20,000
could be invested in Massachusetts. Its direct-
ors, resident in Massachusetts, could each have
fifty votes for himself, and as many more by
pioxy. Sitting there, in Massachusetts, in con-
clave, upon the affairs of Kansas, they develop
and publish their plans of operation. They were
to contract with some of the " competing lines
of railroads" for the transportation of twenty
thousand emigrants to Kansas; and while the con-
trolling object of the society was declared to make
Kansas a " free State," a keen eye was directed
to " the sections of land in which the boarding
. houses and mills are located." I do not wish to
j misrepresent the objects and aims of this socicty,
and I shall permit it to speak for itself.
' < Organization, objects, and plan of operations of the Etn-
isi ant Aid Company; also, a description of Kansas, for ttie
mtonnation of emigrants. * -
" Trustees—Amos A. Lawrence, Boston; J. M. a. Wil-
liam*, Cambridge; Eli Thayer, Worcester.
" Treasurer—Amos A. Lawrence.
Secretary—Thomas H. Webb, Boston.
" Foi the purpose of answering numerous communica-
tions concerning the plan of operations of the Emigrant Aid
Company, and the resources of Kansas Territory, winch it
i< proposed now to settle, tiie secretary of the company Has
deemed it expedient to publish the following definite inform-
ation in legard to this particular:" * *
Foi these purposes it is recommended, first, x nat tne
trustees contract immediately with some of the competing
lint's of travel for the conveyanee-of twenty thousand per-
sons from Massachusetts to that place in the West winch
the trustees shall select for their first settlement.-'
"It is recommended that the company's agents locate
and take up for the company's beneflt, the sections ot land
in which the boarding houses and mills are located, and no
others. And further, whenever the Territory shall be or-
ganized as a free State, the trustees shall dispose of all its
interests there, replace by the sales the money iaid out, de-
clare a dividend to the stockholders, and that they then se-
lect a new field, and make similar arrangements for the
settlement and organisation of another free State of this
u
" With the art vantages attained by such a system of eftbrt,
the Territory selected as the scene o£, operations would, it
is believed, be filled up with tree inhabitants." *
"There is leason to suppose several thousand men oi
New England origin propose to emigrate under the auspices
of some such anangement, this very summer. Of the whole
emigration from Europe, amouuttng to some four Jiundrea
thousand persons, there can be no difficulty m inducing
some thirty or forty thousand to take the same direction.
" Especially will it prove an advantage to Massachusetts,
if she create the new State by her foresight, supply the^e-
eessities to its inhabitants, and open m the outset <s«onm
lucationa between their Homes and her ports and factories.
* * * * * *-*'
" It determines in the right way the in3flttt®ns of Uie
