1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
springing from a period convulsed by the throes
of the Revolution, or molded under the auspices
of men whose patriotism has been elevated above
either reproach or suspicion, contained either sim-
ilar provisions or maintained significant silence
upon the subject. The time has been when sta-
bility of government and of law was considered
no mean virtue in our institutions, and when the
organic law of States was exempt from the sudden
caprices,and ruthless innovations by which the
institutions of tQ;day are marred or unmade on
to-morrow. The time has been when these at-
tempts, futile though they often were, to lend a
short life to organic law, were respected, and the
constitutions which contained them were deemed
anil accepted as republican in form. Bat whether
such specific provisions, either regulating or par-
tially limiting the inherent right of altering or
abolishing forms of government, be void or valid,
it is evident that they never seriously stood in
the way of change when the people, acting under
the forma of law, have willed it. The Presi-
dent, in liis message, has referred to the great State
of New Yerk, nowgoverned under the new con-
stitution made in direct opposition to the form
prescribed by its predecessor. The State of
Rhode Island, until quite a recent period in her
history, had remained under the government of a
royal charter, which, I am informed, contained
no provision for its own amendment. Under it
the people lived and prospcied, bore their part in
the Revolution, and acceded to the Union. Yet
this old charter, venerable for its antiquity, if not
respectable for its wisdom, was finally superseded
when the ideas and necessities of a later prog-
ress had outgrown its capacity for good govern-
ment. The States of Ohio and Indiana contained
prohibitions respectively against amendment, the
first for twelve, and thesecond for ten years; yet
the latter was changed within the prohibited pe-
riod, and all of them in pursuance of a form pre-
scribed bylaw, and without a resort to the " ter-
rible right of revolution." Indeed, in the past
history of our State constitutions, they have prob-
ably too often illustrated the views of the Pres-
ident in his late message, that the people "can
make and unmake constitutions at pleasure, "and
that " the will of the majority is supreme and irre-
sistible when expressed in an orderly and lawful
manner."
The chairman of the Committee on Territories,
[Mr. Douglas,] in his report of March 12,1856,
on the affairs of Kansas, in reviewing the history
of such of the States as had formed constitutions
without the previous authority of Congress, re-
deems them all from illegitimacy by the assurance
that, " in every instance, the proceeding has ori-
ginated with, and been conducted in subordination
to, the local government. Attorney General But-
ler, in the case of the admission of Arkansas, jus-
tifies the proceeding of the Territory in forming
a constitution, without the previous assent of
Congress, on the ground that such measures be
commenced and prosecuted in a peaceable man-
ner,and in strict subordination to the existing ter-
ritorial government." These were all instances
of a change from territorial to State government;
but the principle extracted frjm them illustrates
the efficacy of every appeal for a. change of gov-
ernment to the sovereignty of the people, when
prosecuted under the forms of law and in sub-
ordination to the existing government. These
modes of changing constitutions, so familiar in
our political history, can solve the problem and
relieve the Senator's doubts, and enable the people
of Kansas to know " how they are to exercise
that great indefeasable right," of which the Pres-
ident speaks when he says " they can make and
unmake constitutions at pleasure." The free-
State party, so lately denounced by Governor
Walker as " insurgents," seem to have a keener
appreciation of their 11 inalienable rights" than
the President, and their practical attempts to as-
sort them have gone far beyond the suggestions
in his message. In their hot haste to reverse the
lawful decision of the people on the 21st Decem-
ber, and inaugurate "areign of terror," they an-
ticipated and outstripped the views of the Presi-
dent. They did not await the action of the State
Legislature, after admission into the Union, to
inaugurate proceedings for a change of the con-
stitution, but attempted to accomplish it by a sur-
prise, in a Legislature called for a specific pur-
pose, precipitated into a premature birth by one
Governor, and betrayed into their hands by the
extraordinary action of the other. If it be true
that the partisans of a free State have this " over-
whelming majority," no barrier in the constitu-
tion, no safeguards protecting the rights of prop- i
erty will long restrain them in their mad career.
Frenzied by their first taste of power, they have,
durirfg the short life of their called session, econ-
omized the opportunity, and perpetrated the great-
est amount of mischief in the shortest period of
time.
The Senator from Illinois and the Senator from
Vermont, arriving at the same result by a differ-
ent form of logic, yet find themselves in happy
accord upon the peaceful results and redeeming
virtues of the October election. The Senator from
Illinois says, " that from the day on which the
members elected in October assembled and organ-
ized as a legislative body, all the opponents of the j
Lecompton constitution have recognized the gov-
ernment as valid and legitimate, acknowledging J
their allegiance to it, and their determination and j
duty to sustain and support it." The Senator j
from Vermont says, " that the people 9f that Terri- !
tory,in the late territorial election, have reclaimed
their rights, and that territorial government is, for i
the first time, now moving peaceably on in its le-
gitimate sphere." Their first act was to attempt to
defeat the Lecompton constitution, formed under
the auspices and authority of the territorial gov-
ernment, and to inaugurate a new convention; and
that is called " acknowledging their allegiance to
the territorial government, and their determina-
tion and duty to sustain it." Whata wondeiful
magic m this October election! Men who had
been arrayed in armed hostility and open rebel-
lion against the territorial government for years,
while m a minority, succeeding at last m installing
themselves in power, are suddenly transformed
into peaceful citizens and loyal partisans of the
territorial government, acknowledging their " al-
legiance" to themselves! Their second act was
to organize the armed militia of their partisans,
and place them under the control of a reckless ad-
venturer and ruthless agitator; under whom, as
we are informed, a systematic persecution, by mur-
der, confiscation, and plunder, of the pro-slavery
pai ty prevails, before which pale the atrocities of
the jDanites of Utah. And this is called " mov-
ing peaceably on in its legitimate sphere of prom-
ised freedom." Should this process of exterm-
ination and exile, which is fast depopulating the
Territory, continue, there will be but little diffi-
culty in altering the constitution. They will soon
attain that condition Si where the public sentiment
in favor of change is unanimous, or approaches
so closely to unanimity as to silence all opposi^
tion;" and in such case, the Senator from Illinois 1
admits that " constitutions and governments have !
been changed without violence or bloodshed." '
The people, says the President, " can make and
unmake constitutions at pleasure;" can anyone
doubt that " at least it is so in" Kansas ?
But, Mr. President, if it belongs to us in our
limited sphere to go behind the constitution, and
look at the motives of the men who framed it; if
it is permitted to us to weigh the considerations
which, in a vexed and protracted struggle to re-
store peace and order to a distracted country, may J
have counted with the members of the convention, I
is it fair to denounce, as a fraud and a guevance, i
the attempt, if such it was, to give a short-lived j
vitality of six yeais to the work which they were j
doing? What real or imaginary grievance was j
there that could not be endured for that short 1
period ? Was it a vice in the constitution that it j
proposed,atleast a short truce to theconflict which j
had made the land a desert and the government !
an anarchy? If it was believed that this provision !
of the schedule was intended to infringe, to qual- j
ify, or invade the fundamental principles declared j
in their bill of rights, it was but a proposition of i
peace tendered to the people at a time when it was j
unknown which party would prevail in the final 1
decision of the great question submitted to them; !
and whichsoever might be the victor in the con- j
test, it proposed a short acquiescence of the van- j
quished in the result. '
Mr. President, undue importance has been as- ;
cribed to this feature in the constitution of Kan- i
sas. It will figure far more here than there. If :
it does not, it will not be for want of the prompt- !
ings which emanate from this great metropolis [
of agitation, inviting strife and revolution, and i
sounding the notes which are echoed in every
nook and corner of the Union. Does any one un-
dertake here to say that this is a just cause of
complaint there ? It has been truly said that those
who preach to the world of its misgovernment
will find many listeners; but is it not a gratuitous
patriotism which invents grievances for those
who never feel them? Will this constitutional
restriction stand one moment in the way of those
who wish to overcome it? Will this great fac-
tion, whose numbers of late have swelled with
such wonderful development—whose past history
affords no instance where it has scrupled at the
means where the end was to be attained—hesitate
to overleap this feeble restraint? No. Those
who are in open array and in armed defiance of
the whole authority of the constitution will not
stop to criticise an obnoxious feature of it. Those
who desire the restoration of peace, the reign of
order, and the supremacy of law, will not com-
plain; while those who would perpetuate this an-
archy and make the strife immortal, would soon
overcome this frail barrier.
In the remarks which I have just made, I have
treated this clause in the constitution as if it was
a restriction imposed by the people on themselves,
and a suspension of the general right of amend-
ment to the constitution until the year 1864. There
are certain fundamental principles of American or-
ganic lawjwhichl hope and trust are, like the laws
of the Medes and Persians, unalterable. There are
other provisions which find a place in our co nstitu-
tions which should be subjected to change and re-
form when the will of the people, duly expressed,
demands it. This great and universal principle
of American organic law is contained in the bill
of rights. It declares " that all political power is
inherent in the people,and all freegovernmentsare
founded on their authority, and instituted for their
benefit; and therefore they have, at all times, an
inherent and indefeasible right to alter, reform, or
abolish their form of government in such manner
as they may think proper." This is one of those
fundamental principles 06 which I have said that
they should be eternal. It is a logical necessity
of our form of government. If it is wrong, then
representative and republican governments are
wrong. This right is essential to self-govern-
ment; and while 1 would deprecate a too frequent
resort to its exercise, and would always limit that,
in subordination to the forms of law, yet it is one
which is first in importance, and it is better that
it should be subject to abuse than to limitation.
This right is theirs to exercise " at all times,"
and cannot be postponed or suspended for a mo-
ment. If it can be suspended for a period, it can
be indefinitely postponed; and thus constitutions
would be perpetual, and forms of government
immortal. If this language of the constitution is
hostile to, or inconsistent with, the bill of rights,
it must to that extent yield to its superior author-
ity. This is one of those original and reserved
rights of the people, not delegated or alienated by
the people, neither surrendered norsuspended, but
withheld from the grant which makes up the just
powers of government, and which are enumerated
in the Constitution. In this contest for supremacy
between reserved rights and delegated power, it is
easy to determine which is the higher and which
the subordinate law.
I hold, however, that there is no real hostility
between these provisions. The conflict is mora
plausible than real. The one is the declaration
of a great principle of American fundamental 1-w,
the other the mere regulation of the "manner"
of the exercise of this right. Indeed, the latter
clause does not form any part of the constitution,
butis one of the articles of the " schedule" which
provides against the inconveniences arising from
a change of government. It finds no place 111, and
forms no part of the constitution, the gieat charter,
prescribing the powers of government, and regu-
lating their exercise. The right to alter the con-
stitution "in such manner as they may think
proper," is one of the rights retained to the peo-
ple; and this so much condemned clause of the
schedule only prescribes that manner after the year
1864. Until then, the right is untrammeled, and
without prescribed form for its exercise. After
that time, I agree that the Senator from Illinois
may be right in stating the judicial rule of inter-
pretation "that when a constitution prescribes one
mode of amendment, it must be understood and
construed as having theieby precluded all other
