mm
THE €ONGR^SfOKAL'GLOBE.
May 11,
* * f{ The Constitution has conferred on Congress the
right to establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and it
"has always been held by this Supreme Court to be a power
exclusively vested in Congress, and to be practiced under
thft uniform rules to be laid down by Congress."
Mr. Curtis, in arguing 015 the samfe question,
{< Again,, it has been objected that if the Constitution has
left to die several States the rightful power to determine
who, of tljeir inhabitants, shall be citizens of the'Umted
States, the States may make aliens citizens.
" The answer js obvious. The Constitution has left to the
States the determination which persons, bom within then-
respective limits, shall acquire hy birth citizenship of the
United States; it has not left to them any power to pre-
• scribe any rule for the removal of the disabilities of alien-
age."
My time is drawing to'a close, and I promised
•my friend [Mr. Stephens] that I should not over-
run the twentyminutes which he has kindly al-
lowed me. I wish I had time to argue out these
points fully. I think the time is fast approach-
ing, and is almost here now, when those coming
-here from foreign shores, and acquiring property
arid the right of voting and holding officc, will
beardown and override the native-born of the land.
I, would like to show that, according to the ratio
of immigration in 1853, in" every six weeks' time
there is poured upon our shores a population equal
to the entire population of Florida; that in every
two years there is poured upon our shores a pop-
ulation equal to that of Virginia; and that, in every
thirteen years, according- to that ratio, there is
poured upon our shores a population equal to the
population of the whole southern States of the
union. I would like to show that the very thing
Mr. Calhoun dreaded, and which his prophetic
eye foresaw, is likely to come to pass, unless some
check is placed upon the power now claimed to
confer the rights of citizenship upon unnatural-
ized foreigners.
There is another point which I will mention;
and that is, that the State of Minnesota, in the
constitution which she has sent here, has, in an-
other instance, violated the Constitution of the
United States m spirit, if not in letter, by under-
taking to elect her three Representatives upon this
floor by the State at large. The power to pre-
scribe the time, place, and manner of electing the
Representatives, has been vested in the Congress
of the Uuited States, and the Congress has ex-
ercised this power by the law of 1844, chapter
forty-seven, section two, which requires States
entitled to.more than one Representative to elect
them by districts, composed of contiguous terri-
tory, equal in number to the number of Repre-
sentatives, and no one district to elect more than
one Representative.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. T rise to a question
of order. Has not the time expired which the
gentleman was to occupy, according to the agree-
ment?
Mr. RICAUD. I believe it has.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Then it is but
just that my colleague [Mr. Stephens] should be
permitted to proceed.
Mr. RIf,ACJD. I yield the floor.
M r. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,
my time will not allow me to answer all the ob-
jections that have been made to the admission of
Minnesota. I do not tlnnk it necessary, how-
ever, to consume time, or to exhaust my feeble
strength in answering all the objections that have
been raised. Many of them are of small import,
while some of them arc grave, important, and
go to the very foundation principles of our Gov-
ernment. This latter class of objections are not
new; they are not novel; they involve principles
coeval with our institutions. In reply to them, I
must be brief m the forty minutes allotted to me.
They involve two inquiries. The first question
in reference to them is, whether they be well taken
in fact; and the second is, whether, if well founded,
they amount, m themselves, to a good and valid
ground for the rejection of a State.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garnett]
objects because of the State boundaries violating
the stipulation between Virginia and the United
States m the cession of the Northwest Territory.
In point of fact, I do not consider that objection
well taken; but if it were good, it ought to have
been taken when the enabling act was passed last
Congress, fixing the boundaries of Minnesota.
That portion of the old Northwestern Territory
now included in the State of Minnesota was in-
cluded then, and the objection should have been 11 to the contrary notwithstanding." I say, there-
taken then, if at all. There is, however, but a
small portion of the old cession of Virginia in-
cluded in this State. Twenty-odd thousand square
miles of that cession, it is true, have been adde'd to
the ninety-odd thousand square miles constituting
the main body of Minnesota. This was for con-
venience. Only a small portion, therefore, of the
original Virginia cession has been taken olf and
added to the large extent of country that makes
the State of Minnesota, for the public convenience.
There has been no injuryresulting anywhere, and
no breach of faith, m my judgment.
It was stated, also, that the number of delegates
who formed the State constitution was larger than
that ordered in the enabling act. That objection
has been well answered by the gentleman's col-
league, [Mr. Jenkins.] The actof Congress pro-
vided that as many delegates should be chosen as
there were representatives in the Territorial Le-
gislature. Well, sir, the people of Minnesota con-
; strued that to embrace their Senator's or Council-
| men as well as Representatives in the lower House,
j The bill admitted of a doubt. I do not conceive
i that that objection has much force in it.
j But I must pass on to notice the other objections
| of a graver character. It was stated by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who opened
this debate, and has been repeated by several other
gentlemen, that the constitution of Minnesota is
violative of the Constitution of the United States
—in this, that it permits aliens to vote, or other
than citizens of the United States to vote, in State
elections.
Mr. Speaker, before arguingthe pointwhether
this clause of the constitution of Minnesota does
or does not violate the Constitution of the United
States, let me ask right here this question: sup-
pose it be true that that feature of their constitu-
tion does violate the Constitution of the United
States, or is inconsistent with it: is that a good
ground for her rejection? I put it strongly and
broadly in the fore front of the argument—sup-
pose that be conceded: is it a legitimate ground
of objection to the admission of a State that a pro-
vision of its constitution is inconsistent with the
Constitution of the United States? I say, sir, not.
I say it as a State-rights man, advocating the prin-
ciples of the State-rights school. We can only
look into the constitution of a new State applying
for admission, to see that it is republican in form,
and that it legacy and fairly expresses the will of
the people. If there be conflicts, the Constitution
of the United States points out how those conflicts
are to bo settled. After coming into the Union,
such clause, if it be in, will of course hayc to yield
to the supreme law of the land. Sir, th^xasc of
Minnesota, if this be true of her constitution, will
not be a singular one.
The constitution of Illinois declares that no man
shall be eligible to a Federal office who has been
elected to and has accepted a judgeship in that
State within two years after the expiration of the
term for which he accepted it. A Senator from
that State, now holding a seat 111 the other wing of
the Capitol, [Mr. Trumbull,] was elected to that
body during the term of a judgeship of a State
court, which he had been elected to and had ac-
cepted. In the Senate of the United States, the
question was raised as to his eligibility, and as
to whether the constitution of Illinois could,
under the Constitution of the United States,
impose such a qualification; in other words,
whether the qualifications for Senators set forth
in the Constitution of the United States were not
absolute and binding,.and did not supersede the
provision of the constitution of Illinois. The
Senate so determined; and that Senator now holds
his seat in the face, in the teeth, and against that
constitutional provision of his own State.
Whether that decision of the United States
Senate was right or wrong, 1 will not now stop to
inquire, or to express an opinion.
1 cannot take up my time m Citing otheranalo-
gous cases. Many instances might be adduced
from decisions of the courts. It is enough for me
to affirm that the Constitution of the United States
declares that " this Constitution,and the laws of
the United States which shall be made in pur-
suance thereof, and all treaties made, or which
shall be made, under the authority of the United
States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and
the judges in every State shall be bound thereby,
anything in the constitution or laws of any State
to the contrarv notwithstanding " T sav. ihoro.
fore, in answer to all that has been said in refer-
ence to the constitution of Minnesota being in vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States, that
even conceding the point for argument's sake,
(which I do not concede in fact,) this would not be a
just and valid ground on which to reject her admis-
sion. It is a question which can be properly de-
cided when it arises, if ever, by the proper judi-
cial tribunal before which it may-arise. We, on
the question of admission, can only look into a
constitution to see that it is republican in forift.
Mr. TRIPPE. I desire to ask ifiy colleague
whether he concurs in the Green amendment to
the Kansas bill, which asserts the right of Con-
gress to inquire into the constitution of any State
applying for admission into thfe Union, in order to
see whether it is consistent with the Constitution
of the United States?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. My time is
short, and I want to argue other questions; butl
will say to my colleague that there was nothing
in the original Green amendment which did not
meet my cordial and hearty approval. There
was nothing in it which inquired into a constitu-
tion. It was altogether negative in its character.
Mr. TRIPPE. If my colleague will allow me,
I think that right was directly asserted in the
Green amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to sug-
gest that the constitution of Kansas is not before
the House. • *
Mr. TRIPPE. The same principle involved
in the amendment to the Kansas bill, to which I
have referred, is contained in this bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I cannot dis-
cuss that question now. There were words added
to the original Green amendment that I considered
liable to objection; but, being negative, \vere not
insuperable with me. Now, Mr. Speaker, I lay
down this proposition,* that there is nothing, in
my judgment, in the constitution of Minnesota,
inconsistent with the Constitution of the United
States.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who
led off in this debate, argued that there was no
clause in.the constitution of Minnesota by which
the present elected members of the Legislature
could be prevented from holding for life. Well,
sir, suppose the gentleman was correct—but I do
not concede the fact: the constitution would not
therefore be anti-republican. I would not vote
for such a constitution if I were there. But, sir,
what constitutes a republican form of govern-
ment? It is, as I understand it, a division of the
three great branches of government—the execu-
tive, the judicial, and the law-making powers.
That division is certainly in this constitution.
Several of the States have made the judiciary
elective, or holding office for life. Does that make
their constitutions anti-republican ? The Consti-
tution of the United States does this. If the
judiciary can hold office for life, why not the ex-
ecutive? and why may not representatives as
well, if the people see fit to make such a consti-
tution? It would not cease to be republican in
consequence. It might and would be, in my
judgment, a very bad constitution; butl say that
of that we cannot rightfully judge.
I now come to the main question in this debate—
the alien suffrage clause, as it iscalied,in this con-
stitution. I have said that it was no new ques-
tion. It is agraveand important one, but it is co-
eval with the Government. Mr. Speaker, if there
was any subject which was seriously watched and
guarded, in the formation of the Constitution of
the United States, above all others, it was that the
Federal Government should not touch the ri^ht
of suffrage in the States. The question of who
should vote in the several States was left for each
State to settle for itself. And so far as I am con-
cerned, I say for myself that there is nothing in
tlWdoctrinc of State-rights that I would defend
I ancrstand by longer, and fight for harder, than
; that which denies the right of the Federal Gov-
j ernmentj by its encroachments, to interfere with
; the right of suffrage in my State. The ballot-box—
that is what each State must guard and protect for
itself; that is what the people of the several States
never delegated to this Government, and of course
it was expiessly, under the Constitution, reserved
to the people of the States. Upon the subjcctof
alien suffrage,aboutwhich we haveheard so much
lately, I wish in this connection to give a brief his-
I tory. I state to this House that the principle was
