1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10
made by the chairman of the Committee of Ac- •
counts, it has no reference to any present pur- I
pose. i
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. I :
object to all this debate, if His out of order. There
is no question before the House, but the simple
application ofa member to be excused from serv-
ing on a committee.
The SPEAKER. A motion is pending to ex-
cuse a member.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was about to say that the
chairman of the Committee of Accounts does not
ask to be relieved because of any difficulty under
the present arrangement of the employes of the
House. I Understood him to say that the diffi-
culty existed in settling the accounts of the late
Cleik; and hence I do not understand the rele-
vancy of the remarks of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not responsible for my
friend's understanding; for the gentleman from
Kentucky did make the statement.
Mr. FLORENCE. I remarked that I did not
so understand him, and upon that I erected my
superstructure; and a pretty good corner-stone I
think it is.,
Mr. MASON. I say, then, to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that he totally misunderstood
me, if he understood me to say that the difficulty
did not have reference to the law.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman stated that
the accounts of the late Clerk imposed upon them
labors which they could not undergo.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman misunderstood
me.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then the gentleman went
on to say that, until the matter of the employes
of this llouse was regulated by law, they could
not understand exactly where they stood; and
that, until the House chose to regulate their num-
ber and compensation by law, he was not disposed
to remain upon the committee. M y understand-
ing is, that there is a certain fixed number of per-
sons under the rules or law of the House; and I
nmh'istand that the Committee of Accounts have
the entiiv control of the employes, except those
authorized by law, and that they have exercised
that power; and the gentleman has, i think, re-
flected upon the judgment of this House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. 1 ask if this debate, m reference to the
number of employes of tins House, is in order
upon this application to be excused from serving
upon a committee ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I think myself it is not;
butns the gentleman from Alabama went into that
subject, T thought I could follow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is hardly
in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not think it is in order;
but let me go on in reply to the gentleman from
Alabama.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed except in oidor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am very much troubled,
then, how to go on [Laughter.] I thought the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] opened
up this who'e debate, and f thought { coufd travel
after him. ff I cannot, the gentleman from Ala-
bama could, and I thought i might travel after
him.
The chairman of the Committee of Accounts
desires to be relieved from the arduous duties of
that committee, because the number of employes
is not regulated by law; and he s<iys that unless
the House does fix the number and their compen-
sation, he does not know exactly how to act in
reference to those now employed. I say it was a
reflection upon the judgment of the House which
did not choose to act upon the subject when it
was submitted to them by the Committee of Ac-
counts, but took upon themselves 'the responsi-
bility to which they are entitled, to put the matter
off for investigation m order that they might ar-
rive at a correct conclusion. They postponed it
because the proposition submitted by the commit-
tee did not meet the approbation of the House,
and did not harmonize with their sentiments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I do notwant to say
anything* more. I did not intend to iriteipose any
objection to the withdrawal ofthe gentleman from
the Commutec of Accounts. I desired simply to
urge an objection which I thought ought to be
urged against the conclusions of the committtec.
Mr. MAYNAP-D. I wish simply to state that
I shall vote against excusing the honorable gen-
tleman from Kentucky from serving upon the
Committee of Accounts. It is a very important
committee, one which stands at the very door of
the Treasury; one which supervises the expendi-
tures of this House, and regulates its contingent
fund; a committee of exceeding responsibility,
and I know of no member of this House who is
better qualified for the arduous and responsible
duties of that committee than the gentleman from
Kentucky; and the very reason which the gentle-
man assigns as a reason why he should be ex-
cused, operates upon my mind directly adverse to
the object he has in view.
In reference to the matterof the accounts ofthe
late Clerk, it will be recollected that when the
committee was raised, it was stated explicitly up-
on the floor that it?was not intended to supersede
the action of the Committee of Accounts. It
could not have that effect, because it was neces-
sary that those accounts should pass that Com-
mittee of Accounts before they can be audited at
the Treasury.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
It is, that the gentleman from Tennessee cannot
argue the facts connected with the accounts of
the late Clerk, upon the motion of my colleague
to be excused from service upon a committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order well taken.
Mr. MAYNARD. I submit to the ruling of
the Chair with cheerfulness. I therefore conclude
what I have to say by remarking that I must dis-
sent from granting the request of the gentleman
from Kentucky. I call for the previous question.
Mr. MASON. Will the gentleman withdraw
the call for a moment?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will for the gentleman.
Mr MAJSON. The eh airman of the select com-
mittee [Mr. Mayxard] upon the accounts of the
late Clerk, misunderstood me, if he understood
me as disposed to shrink from an examination of
those accounts.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not so understand the
gentleman at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky are
hardly in older.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Florence,] m stating his understand-
ing of ihe question, totally misunderstood what
I had stated in reference to the whole affair. He
says that I cast some slur upon the House for not
passing our bill. I do nothing and ask for noth-
ing except for practical action on this subject. I
stated that when these large accounts of the late
Clerk were before the committee, a part of the
committee refused to act. Now, either the Com-
mittee of Accounts have to govern the employes
of the [louse, or the employes have to govern the
committee
I will state one factin connection with this mat-
ter. After the vote of the House, the other day,
the arrangements of the folding-room were changed
back to what they were before the committee or-
dered an alteration to be made. A member of the
committee told you, the other day, that the whole
amount for the expenditures of the folding-room
of the House for the year had been already thrown
away or given away.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks thegentlc-
man from Kentucky is taking too much latitude.
Mr. MASON, I will only say, then, that one
of the employes in the folding-room told us, "we
have beatonyou in the House, and we will change
the arrangements of thefolding-room back to what
they were before you interfered." Now, they
must be under our guidance, or we under theirs.
Unless the House take this matter under their
direction, it is impossible for the Committee of
Accounts to protect the contingent fund of the
House, or to perform their duties in a manner sat-
isfactory to themselves or to the country,
Air. CLINGMAN. What would be the effect
of a motion to lay the pending motion on the table?
It would leave the gentleman from Kentucky still
in the committee, would it not?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am satisfied that the
public interests require that tiie gentleman should
remain where he is; and I therefore move to lay I
the motion to excuse the gentleman upon the
table.
Mr. RUFPIN. I hope my colleague will with-
draw that motion until 1 can make an explanation,
as I am a member of the committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. RUFFIN. Mr. Speaker, as a member of
the Committee of Accounts, I wish to say a few
words in explanation of my course, and but a few.
I have sought the floor ever since its action upon
this question, with a view of asking the House to
excuse me from service on that committee. I
notified the House, in the few remarks which I
submitted in the discussion of the bill proposed
by the chairman of the committee, that I should
not go into that committee room, and serve in
the dark; that I was not going to compromise my
character by passing accounts when I did not
know whether they were just or unjust; that we
did not know how many lawful officers there were
about this House; that some had been appointed
in one way and some in another; that we had to
send our clerk to hunt through the Journals of the
House for the last fifteen, twenty, or thirty years,
to know whether this officer or that officer was
employed under authority of law; and that we
asked the House to fix the number of its officers.
T cared nothing about the compensation. I felt
no particular attachment to that portion of the bill.
But we asked the House to fix the number of of-
ficers and the compensation they were to receive,
and to let the committee know what they were to
do. Since that day I have not been into the com-
mittee room, and I do nofmean to go there again
until this matter is fixed by law. I intend to ask
the House to excuse me from further scrvice on
that committee, and I expect the House will ex-
cuse me; but if not, I do not intend to go into the
committee room again. I am on another import-
ant committee, the Committee on Public Lands,
and I shall go there and try to do mv duty to my
constituents and to the country. When I was
appointed on the Committee of Accounts, I went
into the commtttee room with the intention of
doing my whole duty, and I have done it. I have
neglected the business of my constituents in the
Departments and elsewhere, to go, morning after
morning, into this committee room, and on Sat-
urdays, when the House has adjourned over, I
have gone into the folding-room 
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I insist that the gentleman shall confine his re-
marks to the propriety of excusing the gentle man
from Kentucky.
Mr. RUFFIN. I am doing so.
The SPEAKER. The question is, whether the
gentleman from Kentucky shall be excused?
Mr. RUFFIN. Well, I was arguing that the
gentleman from Kentucky should be excused. I
have never known an instance in which the House
has refused to excuse a member who asked to be
excused, and I think thatthegentleman from Ken-
tucky has given ample and sufficient reasons why
he should be excused. So far as I am concerned,
I have been willing to investigate all the accounts
that might be sent before the committee, if the
House would place the matter, by law, upon a
proper footing, and let us know what we are to
do hereafter.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. Does he know of any otliei gen-
tleman in this House who would do better upon
that committee than the gentleman from Kentucky
and himself'
Mr, RUFFIN. 1 presume, as the House takes
one view of tlu's matter, and the gentleman from
Kentucky and myself take another view of it, that
it is right that the House should have gentlemen
upon that committee representing its views. I
have never been in the habit of auditing accounts
in this loose way, and no account shall ever be
passed by me unless I know something about it.
And whether the House excuse me or not, 1 do
not expect to go into that committee-room again.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire toinquire of the Chair
whether, if a member of a committee, after the
House has refused to excuse him, should refuse
to act on that committee, he could not be sent to
jail under the previous cpiestion for a contempt
ofthe House? [Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. 1 call the previous question
upon the motion to excuse my colleague.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
