1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■mm
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tbe yeas
and nays on the motion to excuse Mr. Mason.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adraiu, Aid, Anderson, Arnold,
Atkins, Avery, Ihirksdale, Cilluighuist, Bingham, Boiibain,
Bowie, Boyce, Biyan, Buffinton, Burnett, Burroughs,Case,
Chaffee, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, John
Cochrane, (ionium,Cox, JamesCraig-. Ourti®,Damrell, Da-
vidson, Davhsof Marvland, Davis ofMassachusetts, Davis of
I owa, Dawes, Dean, Durfee, Elliott, Fenton, Florence, Fos-
ter, Gartiell, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, J. Morrison Har-
ris, llaskin, Hawkins, Hickman, Hoard, Houston, Hughes,
George YV. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Ivilgore, Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, Leach, Leuly,
Leiter, Letchct, Lovejoy, Maclay, McQueen, Samuel S.
Mai shall, Matteson, Freeman IL Morse, Mott, Niblack,
Nichols, Parker,Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Pottle,
Puivmnce, Quitman, Ready, Reiliy, Ritchie, Ituffin, Rus-
sell, Savage, Scales, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter,
Robert Smith. Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Stevenson,
Talbot, George Taylor, Underwood, Waidron, Ward, Wrai-
ren, Whiteley, Wintlow, Woodson, Wortendyke, and Au-
gustus R. Wright—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Bennett, Bliss, Boeock, Bray-
ton, Burns, Campbell, Clawson, Chngman,Cobb, Cockerill,
Colfax, Cormns, Covode, Cragm, Buiton Craige, Crawford.
Curry, Davis of Indiana, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Edie. Ed-
tnundson, English, Farnsworth, Foley, Giddings, Gilman,
Gilmer, Goode, Gicenwood, Gregg, Groesheck, Grow, Rob-
ert B Hall, I-Iarlan, Hopkins, Horton, Howaid, Iluylcr,
Jackson, Knapp, Maynard, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Murra'v, Ohn, Potter, Powell, Reagan, Robbms,
Royce, Scott,"Seward, John Sherman, William Smith
CtnvtfAii Tointic* A Q(i">W51rf WllllHH'
burn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Watkius, White, Wood, and
Zollicolier—77.
So Mr. Mason- was excused.
Pending the vote,
Mr. DOWDELL stated that his-collengue, Mr.
Moore, was detained from the House by illness.
Mr. CURTIS took the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to allow me the floor to introduce a bill for
reference'
Mr. CURTIS. I would like to accommodate
the gentleman, but I feel it my duty .to proceed.
Mr. R.UFFIN. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to be excused from serving on the Com-
mittee on Accounts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is
not a privileged question, or a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to have a motion en-
tered, and that is to reconsider the vote just taken.
I shall not ask action on it now.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
has the floor; but the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] has the right to have his motion
entered.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa to allow me to present a report
from the select committee to whom the Lecomp- j
ton constitution was referred. I will state that it
is not my object to ask to have it acted on to-day;
but I simply wish to present the report, and to
ask to have it printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is not my
object to have the report acted on to-day; but I
intend to move to postpone its consideration to a
particular day.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to this debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
gentleman from Iowa is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I give
"notice, as the report has been ready for a week
past, that I shall have it printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I object to the pre-
sentation of this report, unless it comes regulaiiy
in order on a call of special committees for re-
ports.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. And perhaps
special committees may not be called in two
months. I will take the responsibility myself of
havm" it minted and sent before the country.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
BILL TO RAISE VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to be permitted by
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs this quest ion in reference to this bill: whethei,
if the House devote the whole of this day to its
consideration, it wilt probably be disposed of to-
day ?
Mr. MORGAN. I object to nil this conversa-
tion, and all this discussion; and 1 ask for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose that, with the
permission of the gentleman from Iowa, I have a
right to ask the question.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I owe it to my-
self and to the House, before going into the ad-
vocacy of this bill, to show, as i hope to do, that
there is occasion for an increase of the Army of
the United States. So far from desiring, how-
ever, to increase the permanent force of the coun-
try, I am ready to meet that question whenever it
comes up As one of the Committee on Military
Affairs, I believe that there is no occasion for an
increase of the regular Army of the United States,
unless there be, as I think there is* aetual rebel-
lion and war in the country, calling for some ade-
quate force to meet and repel it.
In considering the bill before us, I shall, in the
first place, undertake to show that the Mormon
rebellion isa serious, imposing, and terrible offense
against the law,and that it needs repulsive meas-
ures. On that basis, and on that alone, I advo-
cate the passage of the bill now before the House.
In the second place, I shall undertake to show
what kind and what amount of force is necessary
for the occasion.
What is the condition of this Mormon rebel-
lion ? I think that the House should, in justice
to itself, in justice to the country, in justice to the
Mormons, present the evidence against the Mor-
mons for the purpose of showing that they are
now in hostility against this" Government, and
that, therefore, there is a necessity for spndmg
troops against them.
i If gentlemen will look over the history of the last
1 six months they will see that about the 1st of Au-
gust last one of our agents, Captain Van Vliet, of
; the United States Army,was sent to Utah for the
purpose of buying stores for the Army going in
i that direction. What was the replythat he received
from the Mormons? He was told m substance,
by Brigham Young, the acting Governor, that
they s'hould notcome into the valley; that no offi-
cer should take his position; that his power was
supreme, and that he put this Government at de-
j fiance. Captain Van Vliet, in the most courteous
! and kind terms, told him that it was not the de-
: sign of the Army of the United States to make war
; against Utah or his people; but that they came,
; on the contrary, to establish the law and the
: constitutional rights of the Government. On that
' ground he placed the ad\ ance of the Army towards
Utah. But he was replied to in terms, not to be
' misunderstood, that this Army should not come
; to Salt Lake valley, that they would be resisted
to the last extremity. This acting Governor of
Utah placed himself on the ground that his power
was supreme, and that the Government of the
United States could not displace it. In a few
weeks after that he commenced to rally a force—
a military force, not a civil one. This was the
condition of things in August. In September wc
find that he has raised an army and placed it
under the command of a lieutenant general, and
sent his proclamation by that commander—wear-
ing themsignio of his rank—intimating distinctly
that he was prepared for war, not for civil meas-
ures. This was in September last. I_ought to
read here the proclamation of Brigham "i oung and
the report of Captain Vail Vliet. They are as fol-
lows:
Ham's Fork, September 16, 1857.
C \pt vin ' I have the honor to ieport. ior the information
of the commanding geneial, tbe result of my trip to thel er-
ntoiv ot Cub. , , ,
hi obedience to special instructions, dated headquarters
Aimv foi Utah, Foil Leavenworth, July 28,1837,1 left Fort
Leavenvvoitb Jul\.30, and leached Fort Koaniey in nine,
traveling davs. Fort Laramie in ten, and Great Salt Lake
City in'thirty-three and a half. At Fort Kearney I was
detained one dav b> the changes I had to make, and by
sickness, and at Fort Laramie three days, as all the animals
were foitv miles t'linn tile post, and when brnugiit m all had
to be shod before they coukl take the road. _
I traveled as rapidly a  it k possiole to do with sit mule
vraoons; several of my teams broke down , and at least half
of mv animals are unsetvieeable, and will lem.im so until
thev recruit. Bunng niv piusiess towards Ltah I met many
nso'nie tioio that Tei ninry, and also several mountain men,
at Green liver, and all informed me tnat I would not be al-
lowed to enter Utan, and if I did I would run a feat risk . 
lo'U.R mv hie: I treated all this, however, as idle talk, but
it induced me t" leave my wagons and escort at Lain s
fork, one huiid.ed and forty-three miles this side ot tile city,
arid proceed alone.
I reached Great Salt take City without molestation, and
immediately upon my arrival I informed Governor Brigham
Young that X desired an interview, which lie appointed for
the next day. On the evening of the;day of my arrival,
Governor Young with many of the leading men of.the city,
called upon me at my quarters. The Governor received
roe most cordially, and treated me during my stay, wlii eh
continued some six days, wipi the greatest hospitality, and
kindness. In this interview the Governor made knowirto
me his views with regard to the approach of the UiHte.d
States troops, in"plain and unmistakable language. „ .
He stated that the Mormons had been persecuted, liiur-
dered, and robbed,in Missouri and" Illinois, both the tirpb
and State authorities, and that now the United Spates were
about to pursue the same course; and tfaat, therefbr^ he
and the people of Utah had determined to resist ail j&qss-
cutiou at, the commencement, and that the trdvps riapfai
the march for Utah should not enter the Great S&lf L'dke
valley; as he uttered these words, all there, present cdft-
curred most heartily in what he said. -
The next day, as agreed upon, I called upon the Gov-
ernor, and delivered m person the letters with which I had
been intrusted.
In that interview, and in several subsequent ones, the
game determination to resist to the death the entrance ofthe
troops into the valley was expressed by Governor Young and
those about him. The Governor informed me that there
was abundance of everything I required for the troops, such
as lumber, forage, &c., hut that none would be sold to us.
Jn the course of my conversations with the Governor and
the influential men m the Territory, I told them plainly and
frankly what I concoived would be the result of their pres-
ent course; I told them that they might prevent the uriall
military force now approaching Utah from getting through
the narrow defile's and rugged passes of the mountains thris
year, but that next season the United States Govanupeht
would send troops sufficient to overcome all opposition.
The answer to this was invariably the same. " We are
aware that such will be the case; but when these troops
amve they will find Utah a desert; every house wilt 'be
burned to the giound. every tree cut down, and every field
laid waste. We have three years' provisious on hand,
which we will' cache,'and then take to the mountains and
bid defiance to all the powers of the Government."
I attended their seivices on Sunday, and, in the course
of a sermon delivered by Elder Taylor, he referred-to the
approach of the troops, and declared they should not enter
the T* rutorv. He then referred to the probability of an
overwhelming force being sent against them, and desired
all present who would apply tbe torch to their own build-
ing*, cut down their trees, ana lay waste their 0elds  to
S hold up their hands; every hand in an audience numbering
i over tour thousand persons, was raised at the same mo-
ment. Dunne my stay m the city I visited several lamihes,
and all with whom I was thrown looked upon the present
movement of the troops towards their Territory a3 the com-
mencementof another religious pei^ecution, and expressed
a fixed determination to sustain Governor Young in any
measuies he might adopt.
Fiom all these facts 1 am forced to the conclusion t^at
Governor Young and the people of Utah will prevent, )C
possible, the army for Utah from entering their Tern lory
this season. This, in my opinion, will not be a difficult task,
owing to the lateness of the season, tbe smalhiess of our
force, and the defenses that nature has thrown aiound the
vallev of the Great Salt Lake.
Theie is but one road running into the^ valley on the side
wlneh our troops are appioachmg, and tor over fifty miles
it passes through narrow canons and over rugged mount-
ains, which a small force could hold against great odds. I
am inclined, however, to believe that the Mormons will not
resort to actual hostilities until the la-t monieni. Their
plan of opeiation will be, burn the gra^s, cut up the loads,
and stampede the animals, so as to delay the troops until
snow commences, to lall, winch will render the road im-
pass.ihle. Snow falls early m tins region; m_1act, laU
mo-ht it commenced falling at Fort Bridger, arid this morning
the surrounding mountains are clothed in white. Weie it
one month earlier m the season, I believe the troops could
force then way m, and they may be able to do so even now;
but the attempt will be fraught wuh tonsideiabie danger,
an«ing from the filling up of the canons and passes with
snow.
I do not wish to be considered that I am advocating either
the one course or the other; 1 simply wish to lay the tacts
before uie general, leaving it to his better judgment to decide
upon the pioper movements.
Notwithstanding mv inability to make the purchases I was
ordered to. and all that Governor Young. sa*d in regard to
opposing the entrance of the troops into the valley, I exam-
ined the country m the vicinity of the city, with the view of
«eloetin£ a proper militaiy site, f visited the military re-
serve, Rush valley; but found if, in my opinion, entirely
ununited for a military station. It contained but little giass,
and is very much exposed to the cold winds ot winter; its
only advantage being the close pioximity to fire-wood. It
too far from the citv, home between forty ami forty-five
miles: and will require teams four days to go mere and re-
turn. 1 examined another point on the load to Rush val-
lev, and only about thiitv miles from the city, which I con-
sider a much more eligible position. It is m Tueila valley,
three miles to the noith of TuelJa city, and possesses wood,
water,and grass ; hut it is occupied by Mormons, who have
some sixty acres under cultivation, with houses and barns
on their land. These persons would have to be dispossessed
or boifght out In fact, there is no place within torty.atty,
or sixty miles of the city, suitable for a military portion,
that is not occupied bv the inhabitants and under cultiva-
tion. Finding that 1 could neither make the pmchuses or-
IClUl li' <1 IV 1UJ v. uui "ii . ... , _ _ _ _ .
amnied the vicinity of Fort Bridger, and loutid it a very suit-
able position for wintering the troops and grazing the ani-
mals, should it bo necessary to stop at that point. JM
Mormons occnoy the fort at present, and also have a settle-
ment about ten miles furthe, up Black s
Supply. These two plaees contain building sufficient to
cover neaily half the troops now en nutt lor Kali, w 1
