1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
met
day of August next, and said delegate to assemble at the
hall of the House of Representatives at the capital of said
Territory on the first Monday of September next, at twelve
o'clock, m ; and said convention shall conform said cor
stitution to the Constitution and laws of the United States,
or, at its discietion, shall frame a new constitution in con-
formity with the Federal Constitution; and said convention
shall have the same powers, perform the same duties, be
subject to the same qualifications, and rhe same proposi-
tions are hereby offered for its free acceptance or rejection,
as are prescubed by said act; and the action of said con
vention shall be subject to the approval and ratification of
the people of the proposed State'.
Sec. 2. And. be it further enacted. That after said condi-
tion is complied with, the said tftate shall be entitled to two
Representatives in Congress, to be elected in single dis-
tricts, to be presenbed by the convention.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, demanded the-yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH., of Virginia. I suppose it would
not be in order to move to amend the substitute.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been seconded, and the main question ordered,
no amendment is m order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 141; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bingham, Blair, Chaffee,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Covode. Damrell, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Iowa. Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dui fee, Edie,
Foster, Giddings. Gilmer, Granger, Robeit fi. Hall, J. Mor-
rison Harris Hoiton. Kel>ey, Kilgore, Knnpp, John 0.
Kunkel, Humphrey Marshall. Ma\nard, Morgan, Ed waul
Joy Morns, Freeman H Mor<-e. \Iott. 01m. Petlit, Purvi-
ance, Readv, Ricaud Robbt,.-, Royce,John Sherman,Stan-
ton, William Stewart, Tompkins Tnppe. Underwood,
Wade, Walton, Wilson, Wood, Woodson, and Zolhcoffer
—51.
NAYS—Messrs Abbott, Adrain, Andiews, Arnold, At-
Kins, Avery, Bark^daie. Bennett, Bilhn«hur>t, Bh«s Bo
cook, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brvan, Buffinton, LJuilin
game, Burnett, Burns. Campbell, Ca<kie, Chapman, John
B. Clark, Clay, Cobb. John Cochrane, Cockenll. ('ol'ar,
Oorams, Cragin, James" Craig, Bmton Ciaige, Craw^oid,
Cnriy, Cni ti«, Davidson. D'ivi- of Imhaua, Dhvi  of .Mis-
sissippi, l)pwart, Dunimck, D<>wd<'H, EdmuinNon. Elliott,
Enghs.iV, Eu-ti-. FarnsAvorth. FauIkii'M,F'j,iton Horace,
Foley, Gain en. Gaitrell. Gilh-, Gilman. Good'*. Goodwin,
Greenwood. Gregg, (Jrocsbeek, Giow. Hatian. Thomas- L.
Harris, Qa^kin, Hatch. Hickman, Hill, Hoanl. lit>pkiris,
Houston,Howard, Iluyler. Jackson, Jenkins. Jewett,George
VV.Jone-. J. Glaney Jorie-s. Owpii Jones, Kellogg. Kelly,
Landy, Lawrence, Leach, Leidy. Leiter, Lctehei, Love-
jov, ftJaclav, Mason. M.meson. Millet, Million. Moore,
Mm nil. f^aac NT Moiris, Oliver A Morse. Nibioek. jVichols,
Palmer, Paiker, Pendleton. Pevton, Ph< lp*. Pibllip.-, Pike,
Potter, Powell. Quitman, Reagan, Redly, Ritchie, UufFm,
Ru-'sell, Sandidge, Scales, Scott. Aaron Shaw, Heniy M.
Shaw. Sickle.-, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A Smith,
William Smith, Spnnnn, Stephen?-. ?iev<-i'-n<i, Jaiin-- A.
Stewait. Tappan. G orge Ta\lor. Mile< Tailor, Thayer,
Waibi ulge, Waldron. Oadwalader C YVa-hbimu 13ih!tu B.
Wa-hbuniK. Krael Washburn, Watkui-*. White, Whiteley,
Win-low, Woitendvke, Augustus R. Wught, and John V.
Wnght—141
So the substitute was rejected.
Dunns the call of the roll,
Mr. WOODSON said: I desire to remark that
I was under a misapprehension as to the hour
when this question was to be taken up, and was
not here to vote on the amendment restricting
Minnesota to one Representative If 1 had been
here, I should have voted for the amendment. On
this proposition I vote 44 ay."
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was accoidinirly read the third time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordetcd.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 157, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Abbott, Adiain, Andtew*, Arnold, At-
kins, Aveiy, Baik-dale, Bennett, Billmghui^t. Bh<f- Bo
cock. Bowie, Bovc, Branch, Bivan, Butihiton, Buihn-
game, Burnett, Burns', Campbell, Caruthers, Ca-e, Caskie,
Chaffer, Chapman, John B. Clark. Clav, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Cockerill, Colfax, Comma, Covode, i.'r.igin, James
Ciaig, Button Ciaige. Crawfbid, Curry, Cuitsr, Danneil,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, F)avi< of Mir-i-^ippi, Devvait,
Dirk. Dimmick, Uowdell, Cdmuudt-on, Llhott, Engh-h,
Farn^worth, Faulkner, Penton, Florence, Foley. Gameli,
Gilh-, (illman, Goode. Goodwin, Gieenu ood. Gregg, Gtoe-
beck, Gtow, Robnt B. Hall. JJailan, Thorna-* L. Hams,
IhiMun. Hatch, Hickman. Hoard, Hopkm-. Houston. How-
ard, 11 nv ier. Jackson. Jenkins, Jewett. Gcoige W. Jones,
J Glaney Joiu^, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Kilgote,
Knapr>. Landv. Lawrence, Leach. LeirlV, L^itei. Letcher,
Lovej'o^-, M icliiv. McUui'.'ri. Samuel S Marshall. Mas-on,
Maui'son, Miller. Milison. Moore, Morrill, 1-aac N. Mom*,
Oliver A Mor-e. Mot', Niblaek, NiehoN. Palmer, Paiker,
Pendleton, Pettit. P«'s:ni. Phclp-, Phillip-, Pike, Potter,
Powell, Purv lance, Uu.tmnn, Reagan, Heillv, Reehie. Rus-
sell, Saiidnlge, S.ivage. Scales, Scott, Aaron Shaw, Henry
M. Snaw, Sickle, Singleton, Rooeit Smith. Samuel A.
Stilish, Spniiu i. Stephen*, Sieven-on, James A Stewart,
William Su-watt, Tapitan, Geotge Tavlor. Mile* Taylor,
Th.a ei Wade, Walbntl^v Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladcr
C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbume, Ts?rael Was-hhurn,
Watkins, White, Whiteley, WiUon, Win-low, Wood,-
WTortendyke, Augustus R. Wnght, and John Yr. Wright—
157.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Bingham, Blair, Ezra Clark,
dawson, DavH of Maryland, Davi^ of Iowa, Dean, Dodd,
Edie, Eustis, Foster, Garnett, Gtddmg4*, Gilmer, Granger,
J. Morrison Hairis, Hill, Horton, Kelsey, John C. Kunkel,
Humphrey Marshall. Maynard, Morgan, Edward Joy Mor-
ris Freeman H. Morse, Ohn, Ready, Ricaud, Robbms,
Ruffin, John Sherman, Wilhain Smith, Stautou, Trippe,
Underwood, Woodson, and Zolhcoffer—38.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SHORTER stated that he had paired off
for to-day, upon the Minnesota question, with
Mr. Hughes, of Indiana; otherwise he should
certainly have voted " no."
Mr. CAMPBELL said: In the hope that the
constitution may soon be changed, so as to ex-
clude foreigners from the right of suffrage, I vote
" ay."
]Mr. COYODE voted " ay," with a protest.
Mr. KILGORE changed his vote from " no" to
" ay," with a protest.
Mr. AHL stated that he had paired off, upon
all questions, with Mr. Burroughs, or he should
have voted " ay."
Mr. PURVIANCE stated that he wished to be
understood, in voting " ay," as disapproving of
the constitution.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon .
the table. ;
The latter motion was pgreed to. !
P >STIUA.STER3' QUARTERLY RETURNS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was the bill (H. R. No. 20?) to prevent
the inconvenient accumulation in the Post Office
Department of postmasters' quarterly returns.
Mi. J. GLA.NCY .TO\TES. Is it in order to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. "The Chair is of opinion that
the order of the House yesterday operates as a
soecial ordor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. How many bills
are there on the Speaker's nble ?
The SPEAKER. Only two.
Mr. ENGLISH. The object of the bill now
before the House is elearly indicated by Us title; ,
and I suppose u is not necessary to make any ex- :
planation of it. ;
The bill having, at a former period of the ses- '
sion, been ordered to be engrossed and read a
third timp,and being now engrossed, received its ;
third reading. ■
Mr. ENGLISH. There are now about twenty- !
eight thousand post offices in the United States. ,
The law requires that each post office shall make _
quarterly returns to the Department here. These :
returns, in the aggregate, make a very large bulk '
—about two thousand bushels per quarter, or '
eight thousand bushels per annum. In 1854, a ;
provision was adopted similar to this, providing
for disposing of the returns up to 1850. Since
1850 there have accumulated no less than fifty
thousand bushels of these returns in the Post |
Office Department, and they are a great annoy- |
ance to the business of the Department. .There
is no necessity for preserving a portion of these .
returns. Another portion it is desirable to pre- 1
serve. This bill, therefore, simply authorizes rhe 1
Postmaster General to retain that portion which !
will be useful for reference, and to dispose of the ;
balance. The House will see that it is absolutely 1
necessary that there should be some provision of
this sort; otherwise, these returns will occupy the
whole of the building for the Post Office Depart-
ment. I demand the previous question,
Mr. MORGAN. 1 ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for a moment.
Mr. ENGLISH. I will, if the gentleman de-
sires any explanation.
Mr. MORGAN. I am opposed to this bill, un-
less it shall moke provision for retaining these
papers five years instead of two years. We pro-
pose, in the next Administtutton, to mwsMgate
these matters, [laughter:] and, if the gentleman
will require that they shall be retained for hve
years, i have no objection.
Mr. ENGLISH." i suppose the gentleman does
not make the obiection sericu^v. :
I suppose about
Mr. MORGAN. Yes,-sir, I do; and I* move
that amendment. You have erected ftic-praof '
buildings, so that they cannot burn up these pa^
pers accidentally; and therefore, it is now pro-
posed to do it by law.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the joint resolution is not amendable in its present
stage. It has been ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. MORGAN. Will it be if the demand for
the previous question is voted down ?
The SPEAICER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. ENGLISH. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question long enough to have a letter
from the Postmaster General read, which will ex-
plain the whole matter.
The following letter from the Postmaster Gen-
eral was read:
Post Office Department, January 15,1858.
Sir : I have the honor to inlbnn you that the accumula-
tion of postmasters'" quarterly returns" i*> so gieat that
there is not sufficient room for their proper preservation in
the General Po-.t Office buiidinsr. and that many are conse-
quently exposed in the halls, liable to be injured, if not lost.
Similar exigencies having heretofore occurred, Congress
provided relief by authorizing the sale of the older tran-
scripts of accounts of mails sent and received, constituting
the hulk of the returns, reserving the account-- current and
vouchers ; and J would suggest that such authority be now
given, not merely with reference to the exsr-ting exigency,
but that the Po>tniat.ter General may, fiom time to time,
di5p< >e ot transcripts as may bedeemrd necessary in future.
f submit, for your consideration, a clause to meet this
ca«e, similar to a provision contained man act of Congress,
approved June '22.1854, entitled '-An act regulating the pay
of deputy po-?tma-ters.'* (Statutes at Large, vol. x.,p. 299.)
Very respectfully, your obedient.-ervant.
AARON V. BROWN,
Postmaster General.
Hon*. W. H English, Chairman Committee on the Post
Office and Po>l Roads, House of Representatives.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 desire to ask the
gentleman from Indiana, how many of these
: twenty-ci^ht thousand quarterly returns are under
five dollars?
I Mr. ENGLISH. I cannot inform the gentle-
; man.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.
■ fifteen thousand of them.
, Mr. RUSSELL. 1 ask whether it would be in
; order to refei <hese whole returns to the gentle-
\ man from New York, [Mr. Morgan,] for exam*
! inatmn r
I The SPEAKER The Chair thinks not.
I Mr. ENGLISH. I now insist on my demand
i for the previous question.
i The previous question was seconded, and the
main quesnon ordered to be put.
'I The bill was then passed.
'j Mr ENGLISH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the biil was passed; and also moved to
, lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
!! The latter motion was agreed to.
: i
j THE CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
The SPEAKER stated 'he business next in
1 order to be the seconding of the demand for the
i previous question upon the preamble to the joint
resolution of the House (No. 28) concerning the
1 Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
I Mr. WHITELEY. Will it be in order, while
i the demand for the previous question is pending,
to move to postpone this subject to a day certain?
' The SPEAKER It would not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the whole subject u^oa the table, and upon
: that I demand the yeas and nays.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
| Mr. SICKLES. I hope the gentleman will
; withdraw that motion and allow me to submit a
! motion that the subject be referred to the Com-
: mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
! Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I prefer to
have a vote upon my motion.
VI r. MAYNARD. What wi! be the effect of
laying the preamble on the table;
The SPEAKER. In ihe opinion of the Chair,
it will carry the joint resolution with it.
Mr. QUITMAN. Then Saying the preamble
on the table disposes of the subject for the ses-
sion :
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire
whether the motion to lav upon the table is not
strictly confined to the preamble
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not._ _
Mr. SICKLES. J understand ihat a ui\isinn
was called of the preamble and resolutions; and
if that be so. then is not the only question now
nn the preamble ?
