1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
was informed that they would all be laid in ashes as the
aimy advanced.
I have thus stated fully the result of my visit to Utah;
and, trusting that my conduct will meet the approval of the
commanding general,
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
STEWART VAN VLIET,
CaptainAssistant Quartermaster,
Proclamation by Governor Brigham Young.
Citizens op Utah : We are invaded by a hostile force,
who are evidently assailing us to accomplish our overthrow
and destruction. For the last twenty-five years we have
trusted officials of the Government, from constables and
justices to judges, Governors, and Presidents, only to be
scorned, held m derision, insulted, and betrayed. Our
houses have been plundered and then burned, our fields
laid waste, our principal men butchered while under the
pledged faith of the Government for their safetv, and our
families driven from their homes to find that shelter in the
barren wilderness, and that protection among hostile sav-
ages, which were denied them in the boasted abodes of
Christianity and civilization.
The Constitution of our common country guaranties unto
us all that we do now or have ever claimed. If the con-
stitutional rights which pertain unto us as American citi-
zens were extended to Utah, according to the spuit and
meaning thereof, and fairly and impartially administered,
it is all that we could ask—all that we have ever asked.
Our opponents have availed themselvesof prejudices ex-
isting against us, because of our religious faith, to send out
a formidable host to accomplish our destruction. We have
had no privilege nor opportunity of defending ouiselves
from the false, foul, and unjust aspersions against us, before
the nation. The Government has not condescended to
cause an investigating committee, or other person, tu be
sent to inquneinto and ascertain the truth, as is customary
in such cases. We know those aspersions to be false, but
that avails us nothing. We are condemned unheard, and
forced to an issuu with an aimed mercenary mob which has
been sent against us at the instigation of anonymous letter-
writers, ashamed to father the base, slandeious falsehoods
which they have given to the public ; of corrupt officials,
who have brought false accusations against Uc* to scieen
themselves m their own infamy; and ot hireling puests and
howling editors, who prosututc the truth for lilty lucie's
sake.
The issue which has thus been forced upon us compels us
to resort to the gicat first law of self-picservation, and stand
in our own defense: a right guarantied to us by the genius
of the institutions of our couutiy, aud upon which the Gov-
ernment is based Our duly to ourselves—to our families-
requires us not to tamely'submit to* be driven and slam
without an attempt to preserve ourselves. Our duty to our
country, our holy religion, our God, to freedom and libeay,
requires that we should not gnietlv stand still and see those
fetters forging aiound us which me calculated to enslave
and biing us m subjection to an unlawful miluaiy despot-
ism, ?uch as can only emanate, in a countiy of "constitu-
tional law, fiom usurpation, tyranny, and oppression.
Therefore, I, Brigham Young, Governoi and superintend-
ent of Indian alfans for the Teintory of Utah, in the name
of the people of the United States m the Teriitory of Utah,
forbid—
First. All armed forces of every description from coming
into this Territory under any pretense whatever.
Second. That all the forces in said Territory hr>ld them-
selves m readiness to march at a moment's notice to repel
any and all such invasion.
Thud. Martial law is hereby declared to exist m this
Terntoiv fiom and alter the publication of this proclama-
tion ; and no person shall be allowed to pass 01 repays into,
or through, 01 ftoin, tins Teintory without a permit fiom
the ptoper officer.
Given undei my hand and seal at Great Salt Lake City,
Territory of Utah, tins loth day of September, A. D. 1837,
and of the Independence of the United States of America
the eighty-second. BRIGHAM YOUNG.
Both these documents2;o to show the determined
spirit of the Mormon leader; that he was determin-
ed to resist this Government in every form. That
proclamation is, to all intents and purposes, a dec-
laration of war — a war not against the Indian
hordes, butagainst this Government—the Govern-
ment under which he has for years held office and
received pay,and the Government which maintains
and supports his national existence. But I will
not stop here. I do nut stand upon the mere dec-
laration of Brigham Young. Go onto the 5th of
October, and what do you see ? You see the act-
ual commencement of hostilities by the Mormon ,
army against the army of the United States. Col-
onel Alexander, then at the head of our forces, 1
after speaking of the communications from Lieu- !
tenant General Wells and JBrigham Young, says:
il Upon receiving these letters, f prepared for defense, and ,
to guaid the bupphes, near u« until the nearest troops came
up. t replied to Governor Young's letter, a copy of which
f inclose, and have not had any fui thei correspondence w ith 1
him. On the morning of the 5th of October the Moftnons
burned two trams of Government stores on Green river, and
one on the Big Sandv, and a few wagons belonging to Mr.
Perry, sutler ot the tenth infantry, which were a few miles
behind the Utter tiam. Colonel Wane, of the fifth, though
nut anueipatmir any act of thin kind, was prcpamsgto St ncl
back a detachment to these trains from his camp on BWek's
fork, when he received, from some team-tcis who came in,
the intelligence of their being burned. No doubt now ex-
it-ted that the most determined hostility might be expected ;
on the part of the .Mormons; and it became nt cc^aiy, fiom
the extreme lateness of the sea=on, to adopt some immedi-
ate course foi wiiueimg the troops and preserving urn  up- I
ply trams."
You see propert^of the United States to the
amount of seventy or one hundred thousand dol-
lars destroyed by the Utah forces. If that be not
an act of war, what is an act of war? In every
view of the subject it is as much an act of war as
though the Mormons had charged upon our
Army, or committed any amount of absolute hos-
tilities.
I will read to the House a report of the pro-
ceedings of Brigham Young, in October last, in
his own church, It is from a paper published by
a Mormon in my own district, a member of the
Church of the Latter-Day Saints. It is therefore,
good authority, because the editor says he ex-
tracts it from the Deseret News, which, as is well
known, is the organ of Brigham Young;
" We have seen files of the Deseret News up to the latter
part of October, which indicate plainly enough the detenn-
ination of resistance to the military, if an attempt is made
to enter their settlements.
c< From the discourses of Brigham Young we make the
following extracts:
ei' This people are free; they ai e not i n bondage to any
Government on God's footstool. We have transgiessed no
law, and we have no occasion io do so, neither do we in-
tend to; but as for any nation's coming to destroy this
people, God Almighty be my helper, they cannot come
here. [The congregation responded by a loud Amen.] That
is my feeling upon that point.5 55
Here is the argument of Brigham Young:
" If you do your duty, you need not be afraid of mobs,
nor of foice^ sent our in violation of the very genius of our
free institutions, holding you till mobs kill >ou. Mobs?
Yes; for where is there the least particle of authority, either
in our constitution or laws, forspending troops here, or even
for appointing civil officers contrary to the voluntaiy con-
sent of-the governed ? We came heie without any help from
our enemies, and we intend staying heie as long as we
please.
I read further from his sermon:
c{ Suppose that our enemies send fifty thousand troops
here, they will have to tianspoitall that will be requisite to
sustain them over one winter, for I promise them betoie
they uumo that there t-hail not bo one particle of forage noi
i one mouthful of food foi them, hhouhl ihey come. They
I will have to bung all their piovisious and forage, aud though
! they statt their teams with as heavy loads as they can diavv,
j not one can bang enough to sustain itself, to say nothing of
! the men. If there weie no moie men heie than theie aic
1 m the Seminole nation, our enemies never couid u-e us up,
| hut they could u--e upthem-elve^ which they will do. The
^ Sennnole^, a httle tribe ot a few hundred m Fionda, have
, contour Government neatly one bundled million dollars,
I aud they ate no nearei being conqueied than when the
• wai was commenced.
This is defiance. You perceive that according
to this unequivocal assumption, our army should
j not come to Salt Lake valley; and that this Gov-
! crnment had no right to appoint officers for that
| Territory. Owing to their remote position, and
occupyingastrongmilitarypositionin the mount-
t ain passes, relying upon the strength of his lo-
; cality, and our unfortunate delay in subduing the
! Seminoles, he boldly defies us. fie says that
' from the position of the Seminole Indians, they
; have been able to resist the armies of the United j
States for years; and that he will resist you. He j
declares war, and commences the work of hos- ;
tility by overt acts against the Government; and ,
avows his prospect of protracting his hostilities !
after the manner of the Seminole Indians. I
This you recollect was in the month of October, j
In November following, Governor Gumming, !
who had been appointed to succeed Governor !
Young, issued his proclamation,thus warning his 1
predecessor that he was no longer Governor. !
Governor Cumming thus informs him that, liav- j
ingbeen regularly sworn into office, the authority j
of Young as Governor no longer exists; and that
he, Cumming, was prepared to exercise the func- j
tions of the office. How does Brigham Young '
act upon the reception of this information ? Does !
! he yield to the new appointment made in pursu- '
ance of the organic aft of the Territory? jNTo, !
sir; although he himself was appointed under the I
same organic act, he refused to recognize the ap- !
pointment of Governor Cumming, and calls to- j
gcther the Legislature of L\ih, which, at last |
advices, December 21, was still in session. In j
pursuance of his former position declining to rec- [
ognize a successor, he has issued a long procla- !
mation, ably written, argumentative, reiterating 1
his former position, and avowing his intention to j
resist to the death any al (etnpt of the Army of the I
United States to enter that Territory, and adhe- j
ring to the position that the Government of the i
United States has no power to appomtofficers for
that Territory. I present the following closing
extract from his message:
" Fully awarn, as has been justly wutten, that' patriot-
ism does not consist m aiding Government in every base or
stupid act it may perform, but rather in paralyzing its power
when it violates vested lights, alironts insulted justice, and
assumes undelegated authority,' and knowing that the so-
called army, reported to be on its way to Utah, was an un-
disguised mob, if not sent by the President of the United
States, and if sent by him, m the manner and for the pur-
pose alleged in all the information permitted to reach us,
was no less a mob, though in the latter event acting under
color of law; upon learning its near approach, I issued, as
in constitutional duty bound, a proclamation expres&jy for-
bidding all bodies of armed men, under whatsoever name or
by whomsoever sent, to come within the bounds of this Ter-
ritory, That so-called army, or, more strictly speaking, mob,
refused to obey that proclamation, copies of which wei e offi-
cially furnished them, and prosecuted their march to the
neighborhood of Forts Bridger and Supply, (which were
vacated and burnt upon their appaoach,) where it is said
they intend to winter. Under these circumstances I respect-
fully suggest that you take such measures as your enlight-
ened fudgment may dictate, to insure public tranquillity and
protect, preserve, and perpetuate inviolate those inalienable
constitutional i ights which have descended to us a rich leg-
acy from our forefathers.
" A civilized nation is one that never infringes upon the
rights of its citizens, but strives to protect and make happy
all within its sphere, which our Government, above all
others, is obligated to accomplish, though its present course
is as far from that wne and just path as the earth is hom
, the sun. And, underthe aggravated abuses that have been
i heaped upon us in the past, you and the whole people are
I my witnesses that u has more particularly fallen to my lot,
j and been my policy and piactice, to lestrain rather than
I urge resistance to usuipation and tyranny on the part of the
j enemies to the Constitution and constitutional laws, (who
! are aiso our enemies and the enemies of ail Republics and
, republicans,) until forbearance, under such cruel and ille-
i gal treatment, cannot well be longer exercised. No one has
I denied, nor wishes to deny, the right of the Governments
1 send its troops whens where, and as it pleases, so it is but
i done clearly within the authorities and limitations of the
j Constitution, and for the safetv and welfare of the people;
j but wnen it sends them clearly without the pale of those
! authouties and limitations, unconstitutionally to oppiess
J the people, as is the case m the so-called aimy sentto Utah
! it commits a treason aaainst itself which commands the re-
j sistance of all good men, or freedom willdepait our nation.
| " In compliance with a long-established system in ap-
i pointing officers not of the people's clcctmg, which the
j Snpiome Court of the United States would at once, in jus-
i tice, decide to be unconstitutional, we have petitioned and
I petitioned that good men bo appointed, unnl that hope is
I exhausted ; and we have long enough borne the insults and
1 outrages of lawless officials, until we arc compelled, in
self-defense, to assoit mid maintain thatgreat constitutional
; rights of the governed to ofiiceis of tiieir own election,
! and local laws of then own enactment. That the President
! and the counselors, aiders and abettois of die pie^enitrea-
j sonable crusade again?t the peace and lights of aTerntoiy
! of the United States, may reconsider their course and re-
| trace their steps, is earnestly to bo desiied ; but m either
i event our tiust and confidence are in that Being who at Ilis
I pleasure rules among the armies of heaven, anil controls
1 the wrath of the children of men, and most cheerfully
; should we be able to abide the issue.
" Permit me to tender you my entiie confidence that your
deliberations will be distinguishes! by that wisdom, una-
nimity, and love of justice thathave ever marked the coun-
sels of our Legislative Assemblies, and the assuiance of my
hearty cooperation m every measure >ou adopt for pro-
moting the true inteicsts of a Territory beloved by us for its
veiy isolation and foi bidding aspect; for licic, if* -anywhere
upon this footstool of oui God, have we the piivilegc and
prospect of being able to seciue and c:r,oy those inestima-
ble rights of civil and lehgious hbeity, which the beneficent
Creator of all mankind has. mllis mercy, made indefeasi-
ble, and perpetuate them upon a broader and finuei bans
for the benefit ot ourselves, of oui chikhen and om chil-
dren's children, until peace shall be uMorcd to nut d «-
Uacted country. 13IU GUAM YOUXG."
The Legislature, called together by him, in-
dorsed the message of Brigham Young, and
pledged themselves to aid him in carrying outhis
desperate views of resistance to the authorities
and laws of the United States. These resolutions
should also go before the world, and I therefore
present them to the House:
Resolutions, exjrrcKive of the sense of the Lenhlatire «3s-
scmbhj of the Territory of Utah, relative to'the message
and official course oj his Excellency Governor ISri-'haax
1 OUilg. " =
Resolved, That we unanimously and most eordioilv, for
ourselves and in behalf of the well-known techno of our
constituents, concur m the sennmeuN and doe-tinier ad-
vanced in the message delivered bv his excellency Gov-
ernor Young to the Legislative A^ernb'v ot tins Teintory 
convened m the Representatives' Hall m Giuat stall Lake
Cstv, December 15,18j7.
Resolved, That the entire policy and all the acts of his
Excellency Governor Voung have bufii rd>!t\ |u-i, and hu-
mnuf—conducive to ami pioteenvo or iho of
the best interests and welfare both of this Teintoiy and of
the General Government, so far as that policy and mote acts
could accomplish to desirable a result.
Resolved, That we hold ourselves, out nifan- and influ-
ence, in readiness to -ustam Ins Excellency Guvei noi Young
in every act lie may poiform or dictate, in uccoul.inre wnh
the Constitution and constitutional law.; of th^ United Wtatoa
ami the laws of Utah, tor the protection of the lives, peace,
ami pio-peutv oi lite people of this Teintory.
Rcwlvcd} That ncitf-er the present noi nnj otuci Admin-
istration ot the Gfjnei.d Govern meat -sh.i il cntnrec profane,
drunken, and otherwise corrupt ofhei.iN upon us at the
pouit of the bayonet; and that the atfe:npt so t > do by the
piesent incumbent of the executive rhaivof om nation has
liicuned that contempt and determined opposition of all
