1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
good men which such an act of usurped authority and op-
pression so richly deserves.
Resolved, That while we deprecate the bitter hostility
manifested toward a most loyal and innocent people by the
present Administration of the General Government, we will
continue to resist any attempt on the part of the Adminis-
tration to bring tis into a state of vassalage by appointing,
contrary to the Constitution, officers whom the people have
neither vote nor voice in electing; nor shall any persons
appointed to office for Utah by the present Administration,
either qualify for, or assume and discharge, within the limits
of this Territory, the functions of the offices to which they
have been appointed, so long as our Territory u menaced
by an invading army, (for such an army cannot have been
sent to protect either the citizens orthe passing emigration,
but is manifestly sent to aid in trampling upon American
liberty,) nor so long as such appointees are so pusillanimous
as to require a numerous armed force to attend their beck
to enable them to carry out the traitorous designs concocted
for depriving American citizens of their indefeasible and
vested rights.
Resolved, That we will at least have our constitutional
rights to a voicc in the selection of our territorial officers,
and in the enactment of local laws for our government.
Resolved, That these resolutions be signed by the mem-
bers of the two Houses and be printed in The Deseret News.
Unanimously adopted and signed, December 21, 1857.
COUNCILORS.
Heber C. Kimball, President,
Daniel H. Wells,
Albeit Carrington,
F. D. Richards,
Wilford Woodruff,
Joseph Holbrook,
Lorenzo Snow,
Lorin Farr,
Benjamin F. Johnson,
Leonard E. Harrington,
Warren S. Snow,
Lewis Branson,
George A. Smith.
REPRESENTATIVES.
* John Taylor, Speaker.
W. W. Phelps,
A. P. ItockwooJ,
J. C. Little,
Daniel Spencer,
Alexander McKae,
Orson Hyde,
J. W. Cummings,
II osea Stout,
Joseph A. Young,
H. B. Clawson,
John Itowberry,
John JD. Parker,
Reddick N. Allred,
Chauncy W. West,
Jonathan C. Wright,
Aaron Johnson,
James O. Snow,
Preston Thomas,
Jacob G. BigJor.
George Peacock,
P. T. Farnswoitb,
Isaac 0. Haight,
John D. Lee,
isac Bullock.
This, sir, is the position of the Mormons at
this time. They are in rebellion, in resistance,
in a state of war against the United States. They
have declared war, and have declared that they
will resist the approach of an army, or any other
power.of the United States; that they are free and
independent. I therefore say that an exigency
has arisen when the people of a Territory of this
country are in a state of open war against the
United States, and are therefore guilty of high
treason against the Government of the United
States. I do not wish to aggravate the offense
of the Mormons. I place them upon the ground
upon which their own papers place them. But,
sir, while I would not aggravate an offense, I can-
not treat the matter in any other light than that
of a high crime which deserves the calm, firm,
fearless attention ofthe American Congress. Gen-
tlemen must not regard this as the idle boasting
of ignorant imbecility—as something that will
pass over m a few weeks. I teli them that t do
not so regard it. On the contrary, I forewarn
gentlemen that it is a painful, perplexing, dis-
graceful reality, which it becomes us to consider
in allots present bearings and all its pending con-
sequences to the peace and honor of our country.
If gentlemen suppose they are to be subdued
easily, I tell them they are mistaken. The Mor-
mons are a thousand miles from settlement; they
occupy the passes of the mountains: they now
number some sixty thousand people; I have seen
them from year to year on their march to Salt
Lake valley; and from my own personal obser-
vation I know they are a powerful and formid-
able force to encounter. They can at anytime
muster from five to ten thousand men, fully armed
and equipped for war. The position which they
occupy in relation to the possession of the soil,
their homes, adds a powerful incentive of resist-
ance to the United States authorities. They have
not purchased their land. They have not paid
for it. They claim the land as the squatters of
the West claim. They have not purchased then*
homes, as you have yours; and they are willing
to fight for their homes against a power which
their leaders have taught thom to believe has pur-
posed to crush and destroy them.
I know that they have heretofore been aggra-
vated by acts of cruelty and persecution. They
have been driven from place to place; but, it is
to be recollected, these persecutions have been
drawn forth by their own folly. I do not pro-
pose to speak of anything in the past, except to
show the facts incident to the present attitude of
affairs. I do not propose to say anything of what
has been done, or what has not been done; that
is not pertinent to the present question, i say
nothing of the plunders that have been commit-
ted in years past. We are now in a position
where we have no occasion to go so far back.
We are obliged to take the question as it is now
presented to us. The Mormons have declared
war against us; and, as national legislators, it
becomes us calmly to inquire how far we are
called upon to inflict the fearful penalties due to
such crimes. Will you withdraw your army ?
Will you disgrace your banners which you have
sent there by lowering them before such an array
of Mormon force? Will you disgrace these men
who now stand before your foes—men who have
fought the battles of their country in former
wars—men who have won honorable distinction
in the service of the country in many a well-
fought battle. I implore for them the considera-
tion of this House.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I desire to know how
many men of the Army are now stationed in
Kansas?
Mr. CURTIS. I reply to the gentleman as far
as my information goes, (and I intend to notice
this subject again in another part of my argu-
ment;) 1 suppose there are about three thousand
men in Kansas, and in the vicinity—some arFort
Leavenworth and some at Jefferson Barracks, but
all in striking distance of Kansas. I now pro-
ceed to the second branch of my subject, the con-
sideration of the kind of forcc which ought to
be employed. How have we always heretofore
acted when occasion calied for a military force ?
We have called upon the regulars and the volun-
teers, and upon some occasions the militia have
turned out. The Government has at sundry times
paid for these extraordinary efforts of the militia
and volunteers, although they have gone without
authority of law, believing they did good service
to their country, however irregular and unarmed
they have rushed to real or apparent danger. But
| I speak not of such impulsive gatherings of force,
i no military calculations should be made for them;
I speak of regular volunteers like those who went
to Mexico; 1 speak of such as are proposed in
this bill; when I speak of volunteers, I speak of
such forces. In former emergencies we have
called out regular forces and volunteers. And
why not, upon this occasion, act consistent with
the course heiotofore pursued r We have a large j
force of regulars in Kansas that can be spared, I'
and this bill proposes to add five regiments of vol- '
untecrs for the Mormon and frontier service. j
Because of the remote position of the field of i
operations, it will require at least two or three j
months to convey a supporting force where it can ,
cooperate with Colonel Johnston's forces. It will ■
require sixty days after you actually start your !
column, on the supposition that you take the army
now in Kansas, and make that region or Nebraska ■
your place of rendezvous. If, then, you would i
reinforce our Utah army, act immediately, for :
with your earliest efforts, and before you will have ■
reached Colonel Johnston, months will have trans-
pired, and further regrets may be occasioned.
We cannot state the exact time that will be re~ ■
quired to raise forces not already in service; but 1
if you expect to assist, it is manifest you cannot'
be too soon about it. Yon cannot get any force .
upon the frontier, ready for movement, in less :
than thirty days. So ft may be July or August ^
before you can get a sufficient force in position.'
This leads me to consider, and prefer the force that
can be got there soonest. I therefore recommend
volunteers, as I believe them the most available.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner]
said it was the puipose of the President to call
into action all the regulars now in the western part
of the United States. I am glad to hear the Gov-:]
ernmcnt is going to collect all this available force, :|
and put it en route to participate in this Utah ser- <i
vice; yet admitting and relying on this, let thejj
Government do the best_they can, that force can-1!
not be collected and equipped so as to move for- ;
ward before the 1st of May; and all the legular j
force the Government can rally will not, as 1 sup- |
pose, augment the present iorce to more than',
three thousand five hundred men. I tdl tins';
House, we have got to go into Utah against an jj
opposing force of five or ten thousand, and there- il
fore you should have an active force in Utah of
five thousand men.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman how many soldiers thfcre will be, with the
army now on its way, and. those now m Kansas,
provided they were united?
Mr. CURTIS. In replyT will tell the gentle-
man how I estimate the force which-will be n'eceS-
sary to carry on a successful' campaign^ "In .the
first place you want one regiment ori this side of
Fort Laramie, and one west of it to sustain the
military posts along the route and guard y&fir
stores atFortBridger. Thatmakes two regiments;
You want another movable regiment to guard the
transportation of supplies from the frontier "to
Utah. That is three regiments. In addition to
that you ma^ calculate upon a force equal to oiie
regiment of sick and disabled men. That is four.
And when you get there you must have five regi-
ments to act efficiently. Is that too much > Five
regiments to operate in the enemy's country
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think it is.
Mr. CURTIS. I think not. That makes nine
regiments, or say nine thousand men. Now how
will you raise this requisite force ? In the first
place, I suppose that all the regular troops which
you can from various quarters collect at a rendez-
vous which should be at or near Council Bluffs,
may amount to three thousand five hundred men;
and from all the information that I can get, 1 ap-
prehend there will not be more than this number.
There are now in Utah, under Colonel Johnston,
a little more than one thousand men; but wbeii
spring arrives, desertions, discharges, and other
casualties will reduce it to about this number,
making the entire regular force applicable to this
serviae, only four thousand five hundred. We
propose by the bill reported by our committee to
give the President four regiments of volunteers,
which is only eight thousand five hundred men,
lacking five hundred of the number which I have
estimated as necessary. After allowing all that
the bill proposes, the line of operation this side oil
the valley must be meageriy supplied in order to
give the requisite force—five thousand men—to
operate'in Utah.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What does the gentleman
propose to do with five thousand men in Utah
valley ?
Mr. CURTIS. They are wanted there to pros-
ecute war against five or ten thousand Mormons,
which are now, or will be, in arms to receive them.
They are wanted to move from point to point as
exigencies may require.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman consider
that war exists ?
Mr. CURTIS. I do.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Who declared it ?
Mr. CURTIS. Brigham Young, as the leader
and former Governor of the Mormons, who has
put his forces under command of Lieutenant-Gen-
eral Wells.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Has the gentleman his man-
ifesto r
Mr. CURTIS. I have it; and, with the consent
of the House, I will incorporate a portion of it in
my speech. I think it will convince that gentle-
man, and all others, that the opposing forces are
in a state of actual war. But I desire not to be
detained or forced from the line of my argu-
ment.
The point I was making is that we need the
forces provided for in this bill, not for the pur-
pose of increasing the standing Army, but for the
purpose of giving to the President of the United
States ample power to prosccute this war; for I
insist, with resret, that war has already com-
menced. Gentlemen may smile, and regard it.as
futile, but three years will not roll around before
they will knowthat the Government has already
acted with too much leniency towards this peo-
ple, now in open and avowed resistance of all the
powers of this Government.
Mr". LOVEJOY. I desire to ask the gentleman
if we have declared war ?
Mr. CURTIS. I do not deem it necessary for
this Government to declare war. I take the facts,
and from the facts, as I present them to this House,
I say war actually exists. I regret that such is
the fact. I wish there was any contrary showing,
any intimation on the part of the Mormons that
they are willing to avoid the dread conclusion. I
am intimately acquainted with many of th'ese
people; for there are many of the Latter-Day
