1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10.
Saints in the West, and there Is a constant inter-
course between them and their friends in Utah.
When they mingle and live with our own citizens,
they are quiet, law-abiding, and generally worthy
citizens. But when aggregated together, as they
were in Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, and as they now
are at Salt Lake, they become bigoted, fanatical,
vain-glorious; and, regarding the exterior world
as " gentiles," they resist all intercourse as inter-
ference, and when crimes are committed against
gentiles the criminals are shielded by a cloak of
fanaticism. This isolation is inconsistent with
the nature of our social and political organization;
and it always has, and always will, lead to strife;
conflict, and ultimate disaster to the weaker party.
You have got to meet these Mormons as they are.
Why have they a commander-in-chief in Utah?
It is to repel your forces; and, I repeat, they are
now m hostile array against the Government of
the United States, and the only question is, how
will you meet them?
Mr. POTTLE. I desire to ask my friend what
assurance he can give that the troops, if raised,
will be used against the Mormons? And further, j
if the chairman of the Military Committee in the I
Senate did not, in asking for these troops, say ;
that they were not asked expressly for Utah, but j
to uphold the peace of the country ? !
Mr. CURTIS. I have no authority to guar- ;
anty the course which this Administration will
pursue. The gentleman knows I do not affiliate i
with that party. I take the facts before me, and j
the public documents, which we are bound to rc-!
spect; 1 take the President's message; I take the f
report of the officers of the-Army, whom I have
known for years, and whose characters ate above ;
suspicion, and I tell the gentleman they represent j
matters as I have presented them. I have it from ,
the Commanding General himself, Lieutenant ,
General Scott, that the order has gone forth, or !
will go, directing the forward movement ofregu- j
lars m Kansas for operations in Utah. The gen- i
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faultier,] who has j
the ear of the Administration as intimately as i
any other gentleman on the Military Committee,
and perhaps as frequently as any other gentleman
in the House, tells you that the whole force shall :
be moved from ail the West in the Utah col-
umn. I take him at his word. If the Adminis- ■
tration will dare to neglect the honor of this coun-
try by refusing to send out such assistance as is
at his command, and such as we deem necessary
and proper, let them take the responsibility. Let '
us do our duty, and hold other branches of the 1
Government accountable for their shortcomings ;
or errors.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I wish to know if the 1
gentleman believes that this Ad mi lustration will ,
respect nsjdedges about anything? !
Mr. CURTIS. I will not go so far as to impute 1
to the President of the United States a went of ;
integrity in a matter so delicate as that which per- :
tains to his duty as Commander-in-Chief of our >
armies. I infer, from the inquiry made by my '
friend from New York, [Mr. Pottle,] that this
temporary military increase is not asked for upon
the ground which I have stated; that is, for an
expedition to Utah. 1 will read fiom his message
to show that he does put it emphatically on the
ground of the necessity of sending a force against
Utah. Let us deal fan ly. This is a matter too
grave and important to be made a political ques-
tion of. It is notgoing to be, and we cannot make
it one. It is one in which the whole Republic is
interested; and if we differ about it, let us at least
meet it honestly and honorably. What does the
President say, in speaking of this Utah matter?
He says, speaking of the conduct of Bngham
Young towards Captain Van Vleit:
" A gieat pait of all tnis mav be idle Roasting; bat yet no
wi-se Government will lightly estimate the etiorts wlneli
may be inspired by such frenzied fanaticism as evicts
among the Moimon^ m Utah. This i  the first rebellion
which has existed in our Territories ; and humanity itself 1
requires that we should pat it down in ^ueh a manner that
it shall he the la-t. To tulle with it would be to eneouiage
it and to rendei it formidable. We ought to go there with
Ssueh an imposing foioe as 10 convince these deluded peo-
ple that lesi-nnee would 1-e vaui, and thin spate the effu-
moii 02 blood. We can in this rnanrn r best convince them
that we are then ftiend«, not their enemies, in order to
aeeoniph-4i this object, it will be nccessary. according to the
estimate ol the Wai Department, to lai^e four additional
reqtments; and this I eajntMly lecommeiid to Congress.
At the present moment oi depie&sion in the ievcnu?-.of the
eonnhy I am ?-orry to bo obliged to recommend such a meas-
uio; but I feel conudcnt o* the suppoitoi Congtev;. cost
what it may, m suppiesamg the insurrection, and in lestor-
ing and maintaining rhe sovereignty of the Constitution and
laws over the Territory of Utah."
No matter how others have spoken, we must
take notice of the matter as stated by the Presi-
dent. If he placed it on the ground of a stand-
ing increase of the Army, I would oppose him. I
wish gentlemen to notice that the President puts
it upon the ground of a Utah expedition; and if
he fails for want of adequate force m case we with-
hold it, he will bring his request as an argument
for his justification and our reproach. He does
not define the kind of troops. He does not say
that he wants regulars. He says he wants four
regiments, and I am told this four was a clerical
error; that he designed to commend the views of
the Secretary of War, who speaks of five. I say
this in reply to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Faulkner,] who spoke yesterday as though
the President had called for regulars and we are
offering him volunteers. Neither does the Secre-
tary of War call for regulars'. He says that he
wants five regiments, and then he says that expe-
rience has proved that regulars are more econom-
ical than volunteers. That is all the Secretary of
War says. The Commander-in-Chief, General
Scott, says nothing as to the kind of troops. He
leaves that to the discretion of Congress. I am
willing to admit that the Commander-in-Chief,
like all Army officers, always looks for an in-
crease of the regular Army when more force is
called for. He has spent his life with regulars; and
our Army is affectionately attached to him, as he
is to the Army—it is natural. He has not studied
the advantages of volunteers as some of us who
have served with them; and following natural at-
tachments and impulses he would prefer regulars.
The wisest and best of men are subject to the
common infirmities of our species, and are mflu- ■
enced by similar motives as other men. Our
Army officers all entertain a just pride for their
profession. Their promotion, their rank, their
dominion, all seem to advance with the increase of
the regular Army. I wish u was otherwise 1
hope the day wiil come when their rank and pio-
motion and professional prosperity will depend
more on atliiiation with the volunteer forcts of
our country. Sttch an affinity would advance the
interests of the volunteers, greatly increase the
mihtaiy power of our country, and check a cur-
rent of prejudice which seems to increase against
our regular Army.
But, sir, ] have not raised this comparison of
our different kinds of force, and as far as possible
I wish to do justice to the volunteers without pre-
judice to the regular Army. I have attempted to
show that you must have at least nine regiments
to nuke a successful campaign in Utah, and that
four additional regiments are necessary in order
to secure that amount; and time being material,
volunteers are most appropriate. I say that vol-
unteers will be most easily and speedily raised.
What has been the success of our efforts to in-
crease the Army within the last few years? It
will be recollected that a year or two ago Congress
passed a law increasing the pay of the officers and
soldiers of our Army. It was supposed that after
that recruiting would go on with greateractivity.
And yet we see that the Army is not full. The
returns of the Adjutant General for the last year
show that the increase of the Army has hardly
been equal to the decrease caused by deaths, dis-
charges, and desertion. It seems also that the
force has been much below the maximum; and
recently the clause m the law authorizing " vol-
untary enrollments," and authorizing a bounty
for such enrollments, has been used to accelerate
the enlistments.
I read from the report of the Adjutant General
of November 27, 1857:
k'Tbe authorized strength of the Arrrij , as now potted,
17 934 The aeiual strength on the !-t of July Ja«t was
15.764. The number of enlistment's made dining the >ear
ending June 30. Iyj7, was 5.509. The number of pei^ons
ofTeiing to enlist, but vviio were refused on account of mi-
nority and nnfitne*^ for service, was 1*2,*275. The number
of casualties in the Aimy by deatlw, discharges, and deser-
tions uuuiig the j ear ending June oJ, 185?, was 5,r29, of
which 2.954 were fioni the lust named eau-e."
This report not only shows the difficulty of en-
listments, but it is remarkable that so many were
minors, or otherwise so degraded as to be unfit
for soldiers.
Mr. POTTLE. I ask the gentleman if he can
inform the House where the greatest number of
desertions ha\re taken place ?
Mr. CURTIS. I cannot say as to that.
Mr. POTTLE. I ask the gentleman if the
greatest number of the desertions did not take
place in Kansas, and were not owing to the pe-
culiar description of service that the troops were
orderedu pon in that Territory ?
Mr. CURTIS. I do not know whether that is
so or not. My view in regard to the use of the
forces of the United States does not connect it in
any shape or form with Kansas. I do not believe
that the President of the United States has any
right to use the Army of the United States either
for a police, or for a posse, or to defend the bal-
lot-boxes of the country. The Army of this coun-
try is intended for a different purpose. In our
Republic, the ballot-box was substituted for the
cartridge-box; and when these negative electrics
come together in the same crucible, you will see
spontaneous combustion—strife and tumult and
civil war are the inevitable consequences. I de-
plore the act of the President in keeping two or
three thousand men in Kansas; and will at any
time go for prohibiting the use of our Army or
Navy for all such uses. But let us not mix that
Kansas subject with the one now before us. We
are told that the troops shall be sent to Utah. Let
us look the matter m (he face, and see whether it
is our duty as men and legislators to put under
the control of the Executive a sufficient force to
execute the law.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man says he has been told that these troops shall
be sent to Uiah. I would like to know from the
gentleman if he can state the date of that determ-
ination ?
Mr. CURTIS. I would say to my friend from
Kentucky that I understood so three weeks ago,
in a private conversation with General Scott him-
self. It was a private conversation on public busi-
ness, and therefore I suppose it is no breach of
trust to speak about it. I understood it to be the
policy of the Administration, and the General's
purpose, to send the Kansas troops on to Utah as
soon as the season would permit. I have heard the
same purpose declared by my friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] whom I suppose to he in
communication with the Administration; and I am
not disposed to doubt the fact, since it comes so
distinctly stated by high authority. If the Ad-
ministration does not send all the force it can get
to Utah, I tell you that the campaign will be a
perilous one. The honor of the country will not
be sustained, and, in my opinion, the President
himself will have reason to deplore such a di-
version of these forces. Put the force into the
hands of the President, and if he does not send it
to Utah, if he does not stand by your eagles, if he
does not sustain yourlaws, hold him accountable
for it. Hold up his conduct before the people,
■ and before those who declare now the purpose of
the President of the United States to perform his
I duty by sending the Kansas troops to Utah,
i Mr. Speaker, I do not want it to appear that I
j am defending the Administration. I have no right
; or inclination to speak of the Administration from
I any personal knowledge. Other gentlemen, i trust,
1 are better able to defend him than am I. So far
j as the past course of the Administration is con-
i cerned, 1 leave it to them. I am "very far from
! approving of the retention of troops'last year in
| Kansas; but I speak of the future. I speak of
, what the Administration ought to do, and what
i we aie led to believe they intend to do; and I
I trust that, on this subject, the President will act
i with patriotism, fairness, and fidelity. I repeat,
| this is not a party question, and I hope gentlemen
will not try to make it such. I ask the Republi-
; cans of this House especially to recollect that these
j Mormons have, for years past, been doing vio-
i lence to good morals. They have raised the stand-
j ard of liberty to sustain rebellion, and the stand-
I ard of religion to support licentiousness. They
| despise our laws, and now declare they will neve'r
| submit to them. Brigham Young held power for
! years under the law organizing that Territory,
' and under that lav/ he should have submitted to
, his successor. But when he finds, aftc.i receiving
; Ins salary as Governor for years, that he is to be
removed and superseded, he declares the law null
; and void, and asserts that the Government of the
| United States has no power to send officers there
i whom the Mormons themselves have not ap-
; pointed. In other words, they say that the Gov-
\ eminent of the United States has no power to re-
' move brigham Young;, who claims to hold his
