2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
ident to take measures for the abrogation of this
treaty.
Mr. SICKLES. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If the President
initiates negotiations, and the parties concur in ab-
rogating it, then no difficulty can ensue. But in
the event that Great Britain refuses to concur in
the abrogation, the resolution, if I understand it,
does not allow the Presidentto stop at that point.
Mr. SICKLES. No, sir, it does not; and there
is the difficulty.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The resolution,
therefore, under a proper construction of it, directs
the President, whether Great Britain is willing or
unwilling, to abrogate the treaty; in other words,
if Great Britain refuses to abrogate it, it is a dec-
laration of war.
Mr. SICKLES. Inevitably; that must follow.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I wished a-decla-
ration from the gentleman on that point.
Mr. SICKLES. I am obliged to the gentleman
from Maryland for recalling my attention to the
exact point in the discussion which I was consid-
ering when I yielded, to the questions of my col-
league.
I was proceeding to show that the inevitable
•effect of the course that the House is asked to
pursue will be, that, if England does not consent
to the abrogation of the treaty, we are forced then
to abrogate it by our own act; and the result will
be to leave her in the possession of all the terri-
tory which we claim that, under the treaty, she
ought to relinquish. Prior to the Clayton and
Bulwer treaty we found Great Britain claiming
possession of an extent of coast of more than a
thousand miles in length in Central America; we
found her in possession of the Belize; we found
her m possession of a number of islands, depend-
encies, as she claimed, of her possessions on the
~ main land.
f By the treaty rr we negotiated it, as we under-
stood it, and as we have always interpreted it
since, Great Britain agreed to relinquish all her
claims to possessions there, except to the Belize;
and, in consideration of that, both Governments
entered into a solemn compact with each other to
abstain for all time in attempting to acquire any
sovereignty or control over any portion of Cen-
tral America; and both agreed that for all time,
so far as they were concerned, Central America
should be devoted to the commerce of the world,
and that both Governments would exert their own
influence and seek the cooperation of all other
commercial nations foi' the establishment and
maintenance of routes of communication across
that isthmus for the advancement of the common
commercial interests of mankind. That was the
theory of the treaty, as we understood it. Great
Britain has, however, since claimed that, accord-
ing to her understanding, she was to keep what
she had, but to acquire no more,and that we were
to abstain from making any acquisitions at all.
.Now, i entirely agree witii the most zealous
opponents of this treaty, that upon the British
construction of it, there is no mutuality, and that
it is disadvantageous to the United States. Nay,
I insist that it is a preposterous treaty in that point
of view—a treaty that never would have been ne-
gotiated by any President, that never would have
been ratified by any Senate, and that it is impos-
sible for the United States at this time, or at any
future time, to agree that any such constiTiction
shall ho established, or admitted as the true mean-
ing of the treaty.
But, sir, if all negotiation was at an end; if
the President had told us in December, or if he
told us now, that negotiation was at an end, that
it was impossible to come to any adjustment of
this controversy with Great Britain, that she ad-
hered to her construction, and that we ought to
adhere to ours, and we were called upon to take
measures to protect our rights and our honor, I
would be willing to take part here in maturing
the most effective means of redress.
But, happily for the peace of the world, such a
condition of affairs does not exist. Negotiations
are pending, under circumstances favorable to an
adjustment upon terms consonant with the honor
and interests of this country. It is apparent,
therefore, that the effect of the passage by Con-
gress of such resolutions as these would he in the
highest degree prejudicial to the prospect of bring-
ing the negotiations to a succesbful termination.
I think that it will be agreed on all hands, that in
view of the treaty that has been made with Eng-
land, and in view of a treaty which it is under-
stood has been made with Nicaragua, it would be
exceedingly unwise to attempt to force any meas-
ure looking to the annexation of any portion of
Central America. Such a course would be in con-
flict with our own interpretation of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty, and with what are understood to
be the provisions of our treaty with Nicaragua,
and in conflict with what are now generally be-
lieved to be the true interests of this country.
For the last four or five years, there have been
various projects of annexation in Central Amer-
ica mooted in the United States; filibustering ex-
peditions have been fitted out; the effect of which I
has been to alienate the feelings of the Central j
American States from us. The result has been to j
create impediments^ the realization of the true I
policy of the United States with reference to the  
Republics of Central America. I believe the bet- !
ter portion of the people in the country concur in
the opinion that all this was a mistake; that our
true policy is to cultivate affectionate and intimate
relations with these Republics,to protect them from
aggression fiom other strong Powers, rather than
to be ourselves the instrument, tacit or actual, by
which outrage and aggression may be perpetrated
upon them. I believe the general opinion of the
day is, that in this mode our interests may be best!
promoted,and that thus thesafestand fairest op- i
portumty will be furnished, by which our people j
may colonize, in the true way of American colo- !
mzation, that portion of the continent. Let us i
follow out this policy, and the time will not be far I
distant when Central America will fulfill its tiue |
office—that of being the great highway of com- j
merce between the East and the West. !
Mr. CLAY obtained the floor, !
Mr. BLAIR. Will the gentleman give way J
for me to make a motion to adjourn? \
Mr. CLAY. Unless it is the wish of the House j
now to adjourn, I would prefer to say what I have i
to say now. I was about to observe"that I should !
not have risen on this occasion to have addressed j
the House upon the question before it, on the \
question presented by the late chairman of the j
Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Cungmaist,] ;
except that that gentleman who was so much bet- ■
tor qualified than I to have maintained and de- |
fended his own act in this House, lias been trans- I
lated to a higher sphere, and the measure seems ;
to have been left in this House without a father j
or a mother. Sir, 1 propose to take up this or- ;
phan babe and to give some of my own opinions j
upon it in answer to the arguments advanced by '
my honorable tncnd from New York, [Mr. Sic- ;
klf.s.] |
In the first place, Mr. Speaker, that this House i
and the country may understand this whole sub- j
j ject before us, I shall beg leave to read the first |
[ article of the celebrated Clayton-Bulwer treaty, j
;i promulgated m 1850; and I hope the House will I
I indulge me for a short time while I do so; not !
j that I believe any gentleman here has forgotten it, !
[ but because the country may have forgotten it, or ]
I may not fully understand it. j
j " The Governments of the United State5; ami Great Dm- |
| ain hereby declaie, that neither the one nor the other will 1
! ever obtain or maintain for itself any exclude couuol over '
| the said s-hip canal; agreeing that ne'ther will evei cieet or
! maintain any fortifications commanding the same or in the j
| vicinity thereof, oi occupy, or loi thy, or colonize, or assume i
j oi cxeici&c any dominion over Nicaragua, Co^ta Kica, the
I MoMjimo coa>t. oi any part of Genual Amenca ; nor will
i either make u&e of any piotection which either affords or
j may aftoid, or any alliance which either has or may have,
| to oi with any State or people, for the put pose of electing
or maintaining any such formications, or oi occupying, lor-
tifying, or colonizing i\icaiagua, Costa Kica, the Mosqujto
cou-t, oi any p<ut of Genual Amctica, or of assuming or
excifising dominion over the same; nor will tiie United
£tate< or Gieat Britain take advantage of any intimacy, or
use any alliance, connection or influence that eithei "may
possess, wuh any State oi Government tlnough whose ter-
ntoiy the said canal may pass, lor the puipo>e of aciinirmg
or holding, directly or inditectly, for the citizens or subjects
of the one, any rights or advantages* m iPsaul to eommeice
or navigation tlnough the said canal which shall not he of-
fered oi the same terms to the citizens or subjects of the
otiiei."
What have been the consequenfees following
this treaty ? England and the United States have
both declared that they would never seek to plant
colonies m, or in any way exercise dominion
over, these Central American States. How does
the matter stand at this day? England holds in
her clutches more than two-thirdo of the entire
Central American coaot.
Notwithstanding this article of this treaty, she
holds this day, and will maintain that hold just
so long as this treaty and her construction of it
stands, more than two thirds of the whole Cen-
tral American coast, while we have no foothold
there except in one or two small localities, and
for special and restricted purposes.
Now, in this state of things the Presidentof the
United States, at the assembling of Congress, sent
us his annual message. Did he send that mes-
sage to us to give us information? Did he send
it to us that we might make up our opinion on
the subject? Or did he desire us to do as my
honorable friend from New York [Mr. Sickles]
desires us to do, to have no opinioa at all on the
question, because we do not know enough about
the subsequent negotiations which may have taken
place? I believe it was the purpose of the Pres-
ident of the United States that we should be in-
formed on this question I believe that it was
his purpose that we should think on it. Whether
it was his purpose or not that we should express-
an opinion on what he had reflected, I do not pre-
tend to say; but I, for one, stand up in this House
and say before the American people, that as a
representative of the people of a distinguished
district of this land, I feel free to express my
opinion on any subject I have made dp my mind
on. What does the President say ?
u Since the oiigin of the Government we feave been em-
ployed m negotiating treaties with that Power, and after-
wards in diseu.-sing their true intent and meaning. In this
l aspect. the convention of April 19, 185 ), commonly called
the Clavton and Bulwer tieaty, has been the most unfortu-
u'Ue of,ill; because the two Governments place directly op-
posite and f'ontiadietoiy con-truerions upon its fir-tand most
jmpoi tant article. WhiUt,in the United' States, we believed
that this treaty would p'ace both Powers upon an exact
equality by tin* stipulation that neither will ever<occupy,
or fortify, or colonize, or assume or exeicise any dominion'
over, any pait of Central America, it is contended by the
Biiush Government that the true construction of thi& lan-
guage lias left them in the nghtful possession of all that por-
tion of Central America which was m their occupancy at the
date of the tieaty; in fact, that the treaty is a virtual recog-
nition on the part of the United State* of the n?ht of Great
Ciitam. eitiiei as owner or protector, to the whole exten-
sive coast of Centi al America,&weepmground ftom the Rio
Hondo to the poit and harhot of Han Juan de Nicaragua, to-
gether with the adjacent Bay It-land^, except the compara-
tively small portion of this between the Sarstoon and Cape
Hondmas. Accoidmsto their construction, the treaty does
no moi e than dimply prohibit them from extending their pos-
'Cs-ion^ in Cential America heyond the present limits. It
is not too much to assert, that if in the United States the
tieaty had been consideied su^ceptiblc of such a construc-
tion, it never would have been negotiated undei the author-
ity ot the President, nor would it have received the appro-
bation of the Senate."
This message, when it was received here, was
dissected, and its parts distributed to the appro-
priate committees. The portion I have read was
referied to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, of
which committee I have the honor to bean humble
member. Why was it referred there ? Was not
the committee to submit a report ? Was it not to
give some expression of opinion? Or was it, sir,
submitted to that committee to be shelved, as
many other matters have been shelved, and al-
lowed to remain there until moth-eaten and for-
gotten ?
Mr. SICKLES. I will answer the gentleman.
I think it was sent to us for our information.
Mr. CLAY. What was the necessity of send-
ing n to the Committee on Foreign Affairs if there
was to be no action ? It was already before the
House and the country.
Mr. SICKLES. It was sent there for our in-
formation, and not with a view that we should
report a resolution in direct conflict with it.
Mr. CLAY. That I will come to presently,
and will call on the gentleman either to vote with
the Administration or against it.
Mr. SICKLES. I want to vote with the coun-
try.
Mr. CLAY. And I want to vote with the coun-
try, and with the Administration which is the
head of it.
Mr. BOWIE. And which embodies the spirit
of the country.
Mr. CLAY. I thank the gentleman from Ma-
ryland—and which, sir, embodies the spirit of the
country. This portion of the message was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. What
did we do? Wo drew up a preamble and resolu-
tions, offered by my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Cli woman,] now a Senator, in almost the
very language of the President of the United States.
What did the preamble tell us? Did it not tell
us that the two Governments placed opposite and
