APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 8,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
for them and for us, our example and advice have
lost much of their influence in consequence of the
lawless expeditions which have been fitted out
against some of them within the limits of our
country. Nothing is better calculated to retard
our steady material progress, or impair our char-
acter as a nation, than the toleration of such
enterprises in violation of the law of nations.
It is one of the first and highest duties of any
independent State, in its relations with the mem-
bers of the great family of nations, to restrain
its people from acts of hostile aggression against
their citizens or subjects. The most eminent
writers on public law do not hesitate to denounce
such hostile acts as robbery and murder.
Weak aud feeble States, like those of Central
America, may not feel themselves able to assert
and vindicate their rights. The case would be
far different if expeditions were set on foot within
our own territories to make private war against
a powerful nation. If such expeditions were fit-
ted out from abroad against any portion of our
own country, to burn down our cities, murder
and plunder our people, and usurp our Govern-
ment, we should call any Power on earth to the
strictest account for not preventing such enormi-
ties.
Ever sincc the administration ofGeneral Wash-
ington, acts of Congress have been in force to
punish severely the crime of setting on foot a
military expedition within the limits of the United
States, to proceed from thence against a nation
or State with whom we are at peace. The pres-
ent neutrality act of April 2U, 1818, is but little
more than a collection of preexisting laws.
Under this act the President is empowered to
employ the land and naval forces and the militia
" for the purpose of preventing the carrying on
of any such expedition or enterprise from the
territories and jurisdiction of the United States;"
and the collectors of customs are authorized and
required to detain any vessel in port when there
is reason to believe she is about to take part in
such lawless enterprises.
When it was first rendered probable that nn
attempt would be made to got up another unlaw-
ful expedition against Nicaragua, the Secretaty
of State issued instructions to the marshals and
district attorneys, which were directed, by the
Secretaries of War and the Navy, to the appro-
priate Army and Navy officers, requiring them to
e vigilant, and to use their bestexertions in cur-
rying into effect the provisions of the act of 1818.
Notwithstanding these precautions, the expedi-
tion has escaped from our shores. Such enter-
prises can do no possible good to our country,
but have already indicted much injury both on
its interests and its character. They have pre-
vented peaceful emigration from the United States
to the States of Central America, which could not
fail to prove highly beneficial to all the parties
concerned. In o pecuniary point of view alone,
our citizens have sustained heavy losses from the
seizure and closing of the transit route by the San
Juan between the two oceans.
The leader of the recent expedition was ar-
rested at New Orleans, but was discharged on
giving bail for his appearance in the insufficient
sum of two thousand dollars.
I commend the whole subject to the serious at-
tention of Congress, believing that our duty and
our interest, as well as our national character,
require that we should adopt such measures as
wiil be effectual m restraining our citizens from
committing such outrages.
I regret to inform you that the President of
Paraguay lias refused to ratify the treaty between
the United States and that State, as amended by
the Senate, the signature of which was mentioned
in the message of my predecessor to Congress at
the opening of its session in December, 1853.
The reasons assigned for this refusal will appear
in the correspondence herewith submitted.
It being desirable to ascertain the fitness of the
river L?* Plata and its tributaries for navigation
by steam, the United States steamer Water Witch
was sent thither for that purpose in 1853. This
enterprise was successfully carried on until Feb-
ruary, 1855, when, whilst in the peaceful prose-
cution of her voyage up the Parana river, the
steamer was fired upon by a Paraguayan fort.
The fire was returned; but, as the Water Witch
i
was of small force, and not designed for offensive
operations, she retired from the conflict. The
pretext upon which the attack was made, was a
decree of the President of Paraguay of October,
1854, prohibiting foreign vessels of war from nav-
igating the rivers of that State. As Paraguay,
however, was the owner of but one bank of the
river of that name, the other belonging to Cor-
rientes, a State of the Argentine Confederation,
the right of its Government to expect that such a
decree would be obeyed, cannot be acknowledged.
But the Water Witch was not, properly speak-
ing, a vessel of war. She was a small steamer
engaged in a scientific enterprise, intended for the
advantage of commercial States generally. Under
these circumstances, I am constrained to consider
the attack upon her as unjustifiable, and as call-
ing for satisfaction from the Paraguayan Govern-
ment.
Citizens of the United States, also, who were
established in business in Paraguay, have had
their property seized and taken from them, and
have otherwise been treated by the authorities in
an insulting and arbitrary manner, which requires
redress.
A demand for these purposes will be made in
a firm but conciliatory spirit. This will the more
probably be granted, if the Executive shall have
authority to use other means in the event of a
refusal. This is accordingly recommended.
It is unnecessary to state in detail the alarming
condition of the Territory of Kansas at the time
of my inauguration. Theopposing parties then
stood m hostile array against each other, and any
accident might have relighted the flames of civil
war. Besides, at this critical moment, Kansas
was left without a Governor by the resignation
of Governor Geary.
On the 19th of February previous, the Territo-
rial Legislature had passed a law providing for
the election of delegates, on the third Monday of
June, to a convention to meet on the first Mon-
[ day of September, for the purpose of framing a
constitution preparatory to admission into the
Union. This law was in the main fair and just;
and it is to be regretted that all the qualified elect-
ors had notregialered themselves and voted under
its provisions.
At the time of the election for delegates, an
extensive organization existed in the Territory,
whose avowed object it was, if need be, to put
down the lawful government by force, and to
establish a government of their own under the
so-called Topeka constitution. The persons
attached to this revolutionary organization ab-
stained from taking any part m the election.
The act of the Territorial Legislature had
omitted to provide for submitting to the people the
constitution which might be framed by the con-
vention; and in the excited state of public feeling
throughout Kansas, an apprehension extensively
prevailed that a design existed to force upon them
a constitution in relation to slavery against their
will. In this emergency it became my duty, as
j it was my unquestionable right, having in view
|i the union of all good citizens in support of the
|; territorial laws, to express an opinion on the true
j| construction of the provisions concerning slavery
ii contained in the organic act of Congress of the
: 30th May, 1854. Congress declared it to be "the
| true intent and meaning of this act not to legis-
late slavery into any Territory or State, nor to
exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people
thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way." Under
it Kansas, " when admitted as a State," was to
1 be received into the Union, with or without
slavery, as their constitution may prescribe at
the time of their admission.
Did Congress mean by this language that the
delegates elected to frame a constitution should
have authority finally to decide the question of
slavery, or did they intend, by leaving it to the
people, that the people of Kansas themselves
should decide this question by a direct vote ? On
this subject, I confess, I had never entertained a
serious aoubt; and, therefore, in my instructions
to Governor Walker, of the S>8th of March last,
I merely said, that when "a constitution shall
be submitted to the people of the Territory, they
must be protected in the exercise of their right
of voting for or against that instrument, and the
fair expression of the popular will must not be
interrupted by fraud or violence."
In expressing this opinion it was far from my
intention to interfere with the decision of the
people of Kansas, either for or against slavery.
From this I have always carefully abstained.
Intrusted with the duty of taking " care that the
laws be faithfully executed," my only desire was
that the people of Kansas should furnish to Con-
gress the evidence required by the organic act,
whether for or against slavery; and in this man-
ner smooth their passage into the Union. In
emerging from the condition of territorial depend-
ence into that of a sovereign State, it was their
duty, in my opinion, to make known their will
by the votes of the majority, on the direct ques-
tion whether this important domestic institution
should or should not continue to exist. Indeed,
this was the only possible mode in which their
will could be authentically ascertained.
The election of delegates to a convention must
necessarily take place in separate districts. From
this cause it may readily happen, as has often
been the case, that a majority of the people of a
State or Territory are on one side of a question,
whilst a majority of the representatives from the
several districts into which it is divided may be
upon the other side. This arises from the fact
that in some districts delegates may be elected by
small majorities, whilst in others those of differ-
ent sentiments may receive majorities sufficiently
great not only to overcome the votes given for
the former, but to leave a large majority of the
whole people in direct opposition to a majority
of the delegates. Besides, our history proves
that influences may be brought to bear on the
representative sufficiently powerful to induce him
to disregard the will of his constituents. The
truth is, that no other authentic and satisfactory
mode exists of ascertaining the will of a majority
of the people of any State or Territory on an
important and exciting question like that of sla-
| very in Kansas, except by leaving it to a direct
j vote. How wise, then, was it for Congress to
; pass over all subordinate and intermediate agen-
i cies, and proceed directly to the source of all
! legitimate power under our institutions !
How vain would any other principle prove in
practice ! This may be illustrated by the case of
Kansas. Should she be admitted into the Union,
with a constitution either maintaining or abolish-
ing slavery, against the sentiment of the people,
this could have no other effect than to continue
and to exasperate the existing agitation during the
brief period required to make the constitution
conform to the irresistible will of the majority.
The friends and supporters of the Nebraska and
Kansas act, when struggling on a recent occasion
to sustain its wise provisions before the great tri-
bunal of the American people, never differed
about its true meaning on this subject. Every-
where throughout the Union they publicly pledged
their faith and their honor, that they would cheer-
fully submit the question of slavery to the decis-
ion of the bona fide people of Kansas, without
any restriction or qualification whatever. All
were cordially united upon the great doctrine of
popular sovereignty, which is the vital principle
of our free institutions. Had it then been insin-
uated from any quarter that it would be a sufficient
compliance with the requisitions of the organic
law for the members of a convention, thereafter
to be elected, to withhold the question of slavery
from the people, and to substitute their own will
for that of a legally-ascertained majority of all
their constituents, this would have been instantly
rejected. Everywhere they remained true to the
resolution adopted on a celebrated occasion re-
cognizing " the rights of the people of all the
Territories—including Kansas and Nebraska—
acting through the legally and fairly-expressed
will of a majority of actual residents, and when-
ever the number of their inhabitants justifies it,
to form a constitution, with or without slavery,
' and be admitted into the Union upon terms of
perfect equality with the other States."
The convention to frame a constitution for Kan-
sas met on the first Monday of September last.
Thev were called together by virtue of an act of
the Territorial Legislature, whose lawful exist-
ence had been recognized by Congress in different
forms and by different enactments. A large pro-
