1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
thus tried to determine a fair average for six
months:
First Year.
1 cap, complete.. $1 45
1 forage cap -    SO
3 dress coat  6 $3
I pair epaulete   
J pairshoulrlci straps....     
1 pair odigmliottes   
1 wool jacket *  2 00
2 pans woolen overalls,-$2 64 each  5 28
) cotton jackct  1 00
3 paiid cotton overalls, 25 each  3 75
2 cotton shirts, 93c. each  1 BS
2 flannel sftirts, 93e. caeli  1 88
2 pairs? drawers, 47c. each    94
4 pans boot?;, $L 93 each  7 72
4 pairs stockings, 28c. each  1 \-l
1 leather s lock  13
1 great coat  6 97
1 forage tiock. (not known)   
1 blanket  3 10
$44 61
Fourth Year.
1 wook'n jackct -  $2 00
2 pans woolen overalls  f) 23
1 cotton jacket    1 03
3 paiis cotton overalls  3 75
Q cotton s-lmtb.      1 86
2 flannel shirts   1 86
1 pair ihavvcrs  47
4 pans boots..         7 72
4 pahs stockings    1 12
Fourth year  25 08
First year, brought forward    44 61
Total for two years $69 67
For six months, one fourth of the above $17 41
Add commission, insurance and transportation  6 59
Average cost of clothing tor regulars $24 00
The regular force in Mexico was allowed a
major and one assistant surgeon more than vol-
unteers were allowed. To make the table right,
therefore, so as to show the comparative cost of
a regular company, which is to apply as a meas-
ure of relative cost for the two kinds of forcc, it
is nccessary to charge one tenth of the cost of
these officers to a company as its share of that
extra expense. Estimating the perquisites, pay,
&c , I estimate the cost of a major to the United
States at §1,000 for six months, and an assistant
surgeon at $700.
Having thus determined the average cost of
clothing at §24, and the amounts chargeable for a
major and assiatantsurgeon, I present the follow-
ing table of items relating to the cost of regulars:
Clothing.
3 servants   $24 eachs=$72
Table B  15 each= 45
  ^27 Qfj
1 sergeant ....^24—$17 10= 6 84
59 sergeants, corporals, musicians, and privates,
eaeli cliaiged $8 too low  472 00
Add one tenth eost of additional major to legu-
lars—sec act 1846    100 00
Add one tenth eost of additional assistant ser-
geants allowed regulars  70 00
Total increase $1575 84
From table B 4,662 02
$5,337 86
Taking, then, these corrected items, we have
for the cost of a company of regulars for six
months $5,337 36
For the cost of company of volunteers 4,959 00
Difference in favor of volunteers  $378 86
I have tlivis not only over balanced the multiple
$2,625, which was used to the cost of volunteers,
but I have in its stead a multiple $378 86, which
I consider fairly chargeable to regulars. Thus
showing that regulars, not volunteers, in the
Mexican war, cost the most.
In this estimate I have compared infantry with
infantry, because this is the only fair way of mak-
ing comparisons.
If this showing be right as regards infantry—I
believe it to be substantially so—1 could proceed
in the same way to relieve mounted volunteers
from all imputation of excessive cost; and by
multiplying by the number which the Adjutant
General takes as the equated number of six-
months' volunteers of fifty men, I show that by
using volunteers, instead of regulars, the Govern-
ment has saved over a million of dollars in the
Mexican war.
What now, Mr. Speaker, becomes of the pre-
sentation of all these various officers, as to the
expense of volunteers ? Instead of being the most
expensive they are cheaper, and for economy,
therefore, as a general rule, regular volunteers,
similar to those used in Mexico, should be pre-
ferred by our Government. On the present occa-
sion especially, they should be called first, be-
cause they will sooner be mustered and marched
to Utah; second, because it will give encourage-
ment to this growing element of our military force;
and finally, because they will cost less to the Gov-
ernment.
I regret that my hour does not afford time for
me to answer some other reflections against the
volunteers; but i trust there are others in this
House (hat will espouse their cause and see that
in all matters they are fully and fairly vindicated.
I submit, Mr. Speaker, that the bill now be-
fore us will meet the necessities of a Mormon
campaign, and secure the united services of reg-
ulars and volunteers, who will, as in former ser-
vice, unite in sustaining the honor and glory of
their country.
llr. STANTON obtained the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
Mr. STANTON. I think we had better go on
with the consideration of this matter.
TERMINATION OF DEBATE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Before that motion is put I wish to make a mo-
tion to terminate debate upon the bill pending in
committee, and I will state to the House that I
propose to modify the ordinary resolution for
closing debate in such-a way that when we aie in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and the debate is terminated, the bill may
be laid aside, in order that we may take up another
bill while in the Committee of the Whole, with-
out rising to report the bill. I ask the Clerk to
read the resolution.
Mr. STANTON. Is it in order for the gentle-
man to take the floor from me for any other pur-
pose than to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to terminate
debate takes precedence of the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, under a special rule of the House.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I would like to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. It
seems to me that his object and an economy of
time would be subserved by going on with the
discussion of this subject ana coming to a conclu-
sion on this bill. I believe, by continuing the de-
bate to-day, we may take a vote upon it to-mor-
iow morning.
The resolution of Mr. J. Glamcy Jones wag
read, and is as follows:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the bill (H. 11. No. 6) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year cmline the 30th of June, 1859,
shall cease at one o'clock, p. m , to-morrow, (if the com-
mittee shall not sooner come to a conclusion upon the
same;) and the committee shall then proceed to vote on
such amendments as may be pendingor offered to the same,
and shall then lay it aside, to be repoited to the House, with
such amendments as may have been agreed to by the com-
mittee.
The resolution was agreed to.
The motion of Mr. J. Glancy Jones was then
agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into "the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Florence
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR BILL,
upon which the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fos-
ter] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, we often hear
the inquiry, what have we of the North to do with
slavery? Why should we be eternally meddling
with the affaiis of other people to the neglect of
our own ? It has been triumphantly asked, have
white men no rights, no interests, which demand
our concern? Must we be forever engaged in a
Q.uixotic agitation in behalf of negroes ?
There was a time, not a great while ago, when
such questions, tauntingly thrown in the teeth df
the opponents of slavery, were deemed conclu-
sive. They conveyed their own irrefutable an-
swers by implication. , But that day has passed
and gone. The most stolid are at length becoming
sensible that, although we of the North may " let
alone" slavery in the severest manner possible,
yet slavery will not let us alone.
Our fathers, near forty years ago, entered into
a solemn league and covenant with slavery. They
divided the common national heritage, and set up
landmarks within which the South, by an almost
unanimous vote, pledged itself to confine its " pe-
culiar institutions." We all know how this pledge
has been kept. We all know that the landmarks
have been thrown down in order to establish the
newly-discovered principle of " popular sover-
eignty." We were told that there was no danger
of extending slavery. The Missouri compromise
line, though sanctioned by Henry Clay, by Mr.
Monroe, then the President of the United States,
and by his Cabinet, including Crawford, of Geor-
gia, and Calhoun, of South Carolina, was found
to be unconstitutional, and must be repealed. The
people of the Territories, it was said, in common
with those of the States, were sovereign, and had
the light to admit or exclude slavery at their pleas-
ure. But at the same time we were assured that
slavery would not be extended. That the current
of immigration would infallibly give a large pre-
ponderance to the friends of freedom-, who would
be "left perfectly free to form their own institu-
tions in their own way." The strength of the
human tide from the free States which has flowed
over and around the State of Missouri, in spite
of ruffian opposition, was not overrated by the
friends of th^Kansas-Nebraska bill; but that the
people have been left perfectly free to form their
institutions has become so notoriously untrue as
to extort the reluctant admission of the author of
the Kansas bill himself, and to awaken his indig-
nant remonstrance.
Have the people of Maine nothing to do with
slavery in Kansas? Have white men no rights
in that Territory? Does all belong to slavery and
the South ? No one inquires what right have Geor-
gia and South Carolina to meddle with slavery in
Kansas. By the general consent of the support-
ers of the Administration, North and South, their
interference is legitimate and proper.
We of the North who oppose slavery extension
have, by a strange perversion of facts, been called
the "negro party," or "negro worshipers."
Now, Mr. Chairman, let us look into this matter.
We Republicans propose to confine the negro in-
stitution to its present limits. We wish to peo-
ple the new Territories with white men, and to
rear up new States with the great institution of
free white labor as its basis. Our opponents, on
the contrary, desire to flood Kansas and the other
Territories with negro slaves. They have avowed
in the Halls of Congress, in their numerous or-
gans of public opinion throughout the South, and
in some published north of Mason and Dixon's
line, that slavery is the normal condition of the
laboring class; that no society can be stable and
happy without that institution; and in a recent
elaborate article, the official organ of the Govern-
ment, the Washington Union took the ground
most emphatically, that the Constitution carries
slavery not only into the Territories, but into the
free States! The President himself has asserted
that the Constitution, without any legislation
under it, and even against legislation, carries sla-
very into all the Territories; and regards it as a
great " mystery" that such men as Clay, Web-
ster, Judge Marshall, Monroe, John Ctuincy
Adams, &c., could have entertained a different
opinion. •
In view of these notorious facts, I hold that, if
ever a party in this country deserved to be desig-
nated as the " negro party" or " negro worship-
ers," it is that which adheres to the Administra-
tion of Mr. Buchanan.
Shall I offer additional proofs on this point?
Let the following extracts from Mr. Buchanan's
letter to Professor Sillirnan, and a paragraph or
two from the columns of the Washington.Union,
suffice. In the Silhman letter, dated August 15,
1857, the President says:
<■' Slavei.v exi-ted at that peiiod, [when the Nebraska bill
was passed,] and btill exists, in Kansas, under the Constitu-
tion ot the United States. Tins point lias at last been anally
settled by the highest tribunal known to our laws. How it
could ever have'been seriously doubted, is a mystery. If a
confederation of sovereign States acquire a new territory
