1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
portion of the citizens of Kansas did not think
proper to register their names and to vote at the
election for delegates ; but an opportunity to do
this having been fairly afforded, their refusal to
avail themselves of their right could in no man-
ner affect the legality of the convention.
This convention proceeded to frame a constitu-
tion for Kansas, and finally adjourned on the 7th
day of November. But little difficulty occurred
in the convention except on the subject of slavery.
The truth is, that the general provisions of our
recent State constitutions are so similar—and, I
may add, so excellent—that the difference between
them is not essential. Under the earlier practice
of the Government, no constitution framed by the
convention of a Territory, preparatory to its ad-
mission into the Union as a State, had been sub-
mitted to the people. I trust, however, the ex-
ample set by the last Congress, requiring that the
constitution of Minnesota " should be subject to
the approval and ratification of the people of the
proposed State," may be followed on future oc-
casions. I took it for granted that the convention
of Kansas would act in accordance with this ex-
ample, founded, as it is, on correct principles; and
hence my instructions to Governor Walker, in
favor of submitting the constitution to the people,
were expressed in general and unqualified terms.
In the Kansas-Nebraska act, however, this re-
quirement, as applicable to the whole constitu-
tion, had not been inserted, and the convention
were not bound by its terms to submit any other
portion of the instrument to an election, except
that which relates to the " domestic institution"
of slavery. This will be rendered clear by a
simple reference to its language. It was "not to
' legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor
to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people
thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way." Ac-
cording to the plain construction of the sentence,
the words " domestic institutions" have adirect,
as they have an appropriate, reference to slavery.
" Domestic institutions" are limited to the family.
The relation between master and slave and a few
others are "domestic institutions," and are en-
tirely distinct from institutions of a political char-
acter. Besides, there was no question then before
Congress, nor indeed has there since been any
serious question before the people of Kansas or
the country, except that which relates to the " do-
mestic institution" of slavery.
The convention, after an angry and excited
debate, finally determined, by a majority of only-
two, to submit the question of slavery to the peo-
ple, though, at the last, forty-three of the fifty
delegates present affixed their signatures to the
constitution.
A large majority of the convention were in favor
of establishing slavery in Kansas. They accord-
ingly inserted an article in the constitution for
this purpose, similar in form to those which had
been adopted by other territorial conventions.
In the schedule, however, providing for the tran-
sition from a territorial to a State government,
the question has been fairly and explicitly re-
ferred Xo the people, whether they will have a
constitution " with or without slavery." It de-
clares that, before the constitution adopted by the
convention "shall be sent to Congress for admis-
sion into the Union as a State," an election shall
be held to decide this question, at which all the
white male inhabitants of the Territory above the
age of twenty-one are entitled to vote. They are
to vote by ballot; and " the ballots cast at said
election shall be indorsed ' constitution with sla-
very,' and ' constitution with no slavery.' " If
there be a "majority in favor of the " constitution
■with slavery," then it is to be transmitted to Con-
gress by the president of the convention in its
original form. If, on the contrary, there shall be
a majority in favor of the " constitution with no
slavery, " then the article providing for slavery
shall be stricken from the constitution by the
president of this convention;" and itis expressly
declared that " no slavery shall exist in the State
of Kansas, except that the right of property in
slaves now in the Territory shall in no manner
be interfered with;" and in that event it is made
his duty to have the constitution thus ratified
transmitted to the Congress of the United States
for the admission of the State into the Union.
At this election every citizen will have an op-
portunity of expressing his opinion by his vote
"whether Kansas shall be received into the Union
with or without slavery," and thus this exciting
question may be peacefully settled in the very
mode required by the organic law. The election
will be held under legitimate authority; and if any
portion of the inhabitants shall refuse to vote, a
fair opportunity to do so having been presented,
this will be their own voluntary act, and they
alone will be responsible for the consequences.
Whether Kansas shall be a free or a slave State
must eventually, under some authority, be deci-
ded by an election; and the question can never be
more clearly or distinctly presented to the people
than it is at the present moment. Should this
opportunity be rejected, she may be involved for
years in domestic discord, and possibly in civil
war, before she can again make up the issue now
so fortunately tendered, and again reach the point
she has already attained.
Kansas has for some years occupied too much
of the public attention. It is high time this should
be directed to far more important objects. When
once admitted into the Union, whether with or
without slavery, the excitement beyond her own
limits will speedily pass away, and she will then
for the first time be left, as she ought to have
been long since, to manage her own affairs in her
own way. If her constitution on the subject of
slavery, or on any other subject, be displeasing
to a majority of the people, no human power can
prevent them from changing it withm a brief
period. Under these circumstances it may well
be questioned whether the peace and quiet of the
whole country are not of greater importance than
the mere temporary triumph of either of the
political parties in Kansas.
Should the constitution without slavery be
adopted by the votes of the majority, the rights
of property in slaves now in the Territory are
reserved. The number of these is very small;
but if it were greater the provision would be
equally just and reasonable. These slaves were
brought into the Territory under the Constitution
of the United States, and are now the property
of their masters. This point has at length been
finally decided by the highest judicial tribunal of
the country—and this upon the .plain principle
that when a confederacy of sovereign States ac-
quire a new territory at their joint expense, both
equality and justice demand that the citizens of
one and all of them shall have the right to take
into it whatsoever is recognized as property by
the common constitution. To have summarily
confiscated the property in slaves already in the
Territory, would have been an act of gross in-
justice, and contrary to the practice of the older
States of the Union which have abolished slavery.
A territorial government was established for
Utah by act'of Congress, approved the 9th Sep-
tember, I860, and the Constitution and laws of
the United States were thereby extended over it
" so far as the same, or any provisions thereof,
maybe applicable." This act provided for the
appointment by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, of a Governor,
who was to be ex officio superintendent of Indian
affairs, a secretary, three judges of the supreme
court, a .narshal, and a district attorney. Subse-
quent acts provided for the appointment of the offi-
cers necessary to extend our land and our Indian
system over the Territory. Brigham Young was
appointed the first Governor on the 20th Septem-
ber, 1850,andhdsheldtheofficeeversince. Whilst
Governor Young has been both Governor and
superintendent of Indian affairs throughout this
period, he has been at the same time the head of
the church called the Latter-Day Saints, and pro-
fesses to govern its members and dispose of their
property by direct inspiration and authority from
the Almighty. His power has been, therefore,
absolute over both Church and State.
The people of Utah, almost exclusively, belong
to this church ;and believing with a fatjatical spirit
that he is Governor of the Territory by Divine
appointment, they obey his commands as if these
were direct revelations from Heaven. If, there-
fore, he chooses that his government shall come
into collision with the Government of the United
States, the members of the Mormon church will
yield implicit obedience to his will. Unfortunate-
ly, existing facts leave but little doubt that such
is his determination. Without entering upon a
minute history of occurrences, it is sufficient to
say that all the officers of the United States, ju-
dicial and executive, with the single exception of
two Indian agents, have found it necessary for
their own personal safety to withdraw from the
Territory, and there no longer remains any gov-
ernment in Utah but the despotism of Brigham
Young. This being the condition of affairs in the
Territory, I could not mistake the path of duty.
As Chief Executive Magistrate, I was bound to
restore the supremacy of the Constitution and
laws within its limits. In order to effect this pur-
pose I appointed a new Governor and other Fed-
eral officers for-Utah, and sent with them a mili-
tary force for their protection, and to aid as a
posse comitatus, in case of need, in the execution
of the laws.
With the religious opinions of the Mormons,
as long as they remained mere opinions, however
deplorable in themselves and revolting to the
moral and religious sentiments ofallChristendom,
I had no right to interfere. Actions alone, when
in violation of the Constitution and laws of the
United States, become the legitimate subjects for
the jurisdiction of the civil magistrate. My in-
structions to Governor Cumming have therefore
been framed in strict accordance with these prin-
ciples. At their date a hope was indulged that
no necessity might exist for employing the mili-
tary m restoring and maintaining the authority of
the law, but this hope has nowvanished. Gov-
ernor Young has, by proclamation, declared his
determination to maintain his power by force,
and has already committed acts of hostility
agtinst the United States. Unless he s'hould re-
trace his steps, the Territory of Utah will be in
a state of open rebellion. He has committed
these acts of hostility, notwithstanding Major
Van Vliet, an officer of the army, sent to Utah
by the commanding general to purchase provis-
ions for the troops, had given him the strongest
assurances of the peaceful intentions of the Gov-
ernment, and that the troops would only be em-
ployed as a posse comitalus when called on by the
civil authority to aid in the execution of the laws.
There is reason to believe that Governor Young
has long contemplated this result. He knowa
that the continuance of his despotic power de-
pends upon the exclusion of all settlers from the
Territory except those who will acknowledge hia
divine mission and implicitly obey his will: and
that an enlightened public opinion there would
soon prostrate institutions at war with the lawa
both of God and man. He has, therefore, for
several years, in order to maintain his independ-
ence, been industriously employed in collecting
and fabricating arms and munitions of war, and
in disciplining the Mormons for military service.
As superintendent of Indian affairs he has had
an opportunity of tampering with the Indian
tribes, and exciting their hostile feelings against
the United States. This, according to our in-
formation , lie has accomplished in regard to some
of these tribes, while others have remained true
to their allegiance, and have communicated his
intrigues to our Indian agents. He has laid in a
store of provisions for three years, which, in
case of necessity, as lie informed Major Van
Vliet, he will conceal, "and then take to the
mountains, and bid defiance to all the powers of
the Government."
A great part of all this may be idle boasting ;
but yet no wise Government will lightly estimate
the efforts which may be inspired by such fren-
zied fanaticism as exists among the Mormons in
Utah. This is the first rebellion which has ex-
isted in our Territories; and humanity itself re-
quires that we should put it down in such a man-
ner that it shall be the last. To trifle with it would
be to encourage it and to render it formidable.
We ought to go there with such an imposing force
as to convince these deluded people that resist-
ance would be vain, and thus spare the effusion
of blood. We can in this manner best convince
them that we are their friends, not their enemies.
In order to accomplish this object it will be neces-
sary, according to the estimate of the War De-
partment, to raise four additional regiments ; and
this I earnestly recommend to Congress. Atthe
present moment of depression in the revenues of
