2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
special orders are all through until it is finally dis
posed of?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. Quitman's motion was agreed to; and j
thereupon (at twenty minutes to five o'clock, p.
m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 12, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Nadal, D. D. (
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, made
m conformity to law, upon claims for depreda-
tions by Indians in the Territory of New Mexico;
which, on motion of Mr. Mason, was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, copies of Major
William H. Bell's reports on Butterfieid's prim-
ing apparatus; which, on motion of Mr. Cam-
eron, was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia; and a motion by him to print
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
LIME POINT, IN CALIFORNIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, m an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate, relative to the
putchase of Lime Point, in California, for mil-
itary purposes; which was read:
War Department, Washington, May II, 1858.
Sir : In answer to the resolution adopted by the Senate
on the 3d instant, asking " What contract*-, if any, have
•>een enteied into by itie Department for the puichase of
Lime Point, in California, (or military pui po«*eV I hnvp llic
honor to transmit, heirwith, a letter horn P. Delia Torre,
Esq., United States attorney for the northern distuet of
California ; which contains the only evidence of a < ontiact
for the purchase of Lime Point within the knowledge oi tins
Department.
The abstract of title and accompanying papers, inclosed
by Mr. Delia Torre, wore referred to the Attorney Geneial
for his opinion as to their sufficiency to convey a title to the
United States. The opinion of that officer, that the papers
did not convey a peifWa title, lias, with the papeis, bten
returned to Mr. Delia Torre.
The distance of Lime Point from the seat of Government,
and the difficulty of obtaining eorieet information on the sub-
ject, and of conferring with parties in California, induced
me to intrust the negotiation to tin; skill and fidelity oi Mr.
Delia Torre, and I am gratified to say that his conduct merits
the approbation of the Department.
As soon as the papois relating to this transaction, which
have been sent to California,'shall he icceived, they will be
transmitted loi the u>e o) the Senate.
Very respectfully, your obedient f-eivant,
JOHN B. FLOYD,
Sen clary of Wur>
Hon. J. C. Breckintupoe, Ptcsidcnt of the SeiuUc.
Mr. BRODERICIi. I move that the commu-
nication be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
other paper read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
United States Attornky's Office,
San Francisco, Febriuny 19, J8,")8.
Sir: I have the honorto acknowledge theieceipt ofvour
communication of January 19, nifo-ming me. that yon wcie
instructed by the honoiable Secretai v of War to request me
to concludc'the purchase for the United States of the tract
of land on the north side ot the entrance to the J Jay of San
Francisco,for which I have been negotiating undoi instruc-
tions froin the War Department, at the lovveft price at winch
it can be obtained, not exceeding that demanded bv the
reputed owner, Mr. S R. Thioclcmoiton, namely, 5OOO 00(W
In compliance with that instruction, I have concluded
the put chase at4he sum named, namely, .$*iOO,OUO.
In my many interviews with Mr. Thiockmoiton timing
a negotiation extending over several month', he has never
deviated from his original terms,nor exhibited the slightest
disposition to do so. Tho^e terms weie a t-.ile of the tract
at the price named, as J reported to the honorable Secretary
of War, under date of Jul> 00. EIo would h<ten to no other
piopo-nion than one having for iN ba^istiie puce which he
asked. lie declined to sell, at any abatement of pi ice, that
portion which I was- nii-ti ucted, m the fii-u instance, to treat
for. He was willing to convey any poition which the Uni-
ted States might select; bur for pai t or whole, the pi ice was
the same. OJ cotuse { have concluded the purcha-e toi the
whole tract offered, as shown by the sketch sent nie in the
Department's letter of id June la<-t. I do not know the
number of acres contained in it—that can be asceuamed
only by survey.
I inclose a brief abstract of title" and accompanying pa-
pers, which I presume the Department will lefer to the At-
torney General.
'There are outstanding incumbrances, which, of course,
must be cleaied off before the purchase is complete. For
tiie present, I would beg to suggest that the final settlement
should take place in the recorder's office of Marion county,
in which the land lies. I propose this, a<* the county ^eat
is at some little distance fiom this place, and not of very
easy access. Any certificate of freedom from incumbrances
sent to Washington would be two months behindhand by
the time an answer could he received here. 1 would, there-
fore, propose that the disbursing officer who is to pay over
the money, or honor the Government draft, should be in-
structed to do so only on my report to him that, at a certain
time, theie was no incumbrance of recoid in the proper of-
fice. This report 1 will consent to make only in the re-
corder's office, at the very moment oi the final delivery of the
title, and its deposit by me with the proper officer for the
purpose of registry.
The heavy amount invol ved in the purchase of this site for
a permanent first-class fortification, upon which such great
outlay will be required, makes me necessarily determined
that the title shall be a- absolutely perfect as human pre-
caution can make it. Any other mode, however, decided
on by the Department or the Attorney General, for effect-
ing the same pui pose, will of course be pursued byme.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
P. DELLA TORRE,
United States Attorney*
II. G. Wright, Captain of Engineers} in charge Engineer
Department, Washington.
Mr. BRODER1CK. This property which the
Government is about to buy for $200,000 would
not sell under the hammer to-morrow for $7,000.
What the Government wants with twenty-three
thousand acres of land for the purpose of erecting
a fort, is a mystery to me. I hope that the com-
munication will be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, so that they can make an invest-
igation at the next meeting of the committee.
Mr. GWIN. This is a question of very con-
siderable importance to the State of California,
and I wish to make a statement in regard to this
whole transaction, so far as I know any thing about
it. The Senator is mistaken in regard to the quan-
tity of the land. It is only about twenty-three
hundred instead of twenty-three thousand acres.
The owner of this land refuses to sell any por-
tion of it except he sells the whole of it. It covers
the entire entrance to the bay of San Fiancisco
on the north, including a light-house site and a
fortification site. 1 think the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, when he was Secretary of War, was
aware of the fact that the Government has been
trying for years to get this property at a less price.
While he was Secretary of War an estimate was
sent in to purchase tiieproperty atthe price asked,
because it was indispensable, but the owner re-
fused to sell a smaller portion to the Government,
because lie insisted that that portion of the prop-
erty which the Government desired was more de-
sirable to him than the rest of it, and he has re-
fused pertinaciously from the beginning up to the
present time, so far as I know, to take anything
less than the original price which, for years, he
asked for this property for Government purposes.
This appropriation was made during the last Con-
gress, and it was reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs with a distinct understanding that
this individual had refused to take less than the
$900,000 asked for the purchase of this site: at the
same time the chairman of the Military Commit-
tee, the Senator's predecessor, asked for an addi-
tional $100,000 for the purpose of commencing the
work during the present fiscal year, but owing to
the fact that it has been impossible to purchase
the site, the owner of the property refusing to take
less than #000,000, the work has not been com-
menced, and the appropriation has not been used.
I believe that both'the former and present Secre-
tary of War have done everything they possibly
could to get it at the lowest price, but it is private
property, and the individual refuses to sell for less
than the. sum specified.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the reference which
the Senator from California has made to myself.
1 think the point necessary for the entire protec-
tion of the entrance to the harbor of Sari Fran-
cisco, and I did try to obtain it. There was a
difficulty as to the price which was asked; and
the difficulty also, which the Senator mentioned,
that the owner of the tract refused to sell the site
which was required for military purposes unless
the whole tract was purchased, a very small part
of which only was necessary for military pur-
poses. I have no recollection as to the amount
which was asked, or the amount which was esti-
mated. I do recollect that 1 sought to obtain so
much as would be necessary for military purposes,
at a much smaller amount than the owner of the
tract claimed for the whole of it. I have no opin-
ion, and express no judgment, as to the propriety
of the amount to be paid wh<m the land shall be
purchased; but I am quite clear that the defense
of San Francisco requires the possession of this
point for military purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was present at the time
the appropriation was made, and heard, I believe,
all that was said about it in the Senate. I had
something to do with it, m connection with th<5
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs of
the last Congress—at least I paid some attention
to it, because there was an appropriation for the
erection of a fort in Maine in the same bill. I have
no recollection—and if any such thing took place
the debates will show it—that the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs stated to the
Senate any difficulty of tbi* kind. An appropri-
ation of $,'100,000 was recommended as necessary
to commence the erection of this fortification.
Mr. GWIN. To purchase the site, and com-
mence the work.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To purchase the site, and *
commence the work; but nothing was said about
the price asked for the site. No exposition was
made to the Senate, according to my recollection,
and I think none at ail was made of any difficul-
ties in the way. I am very confident that had the
Senate understood at that time that in order to
commence this fortification it was necessary to
give $200,000 for what the country ought to have
for $5,000, they would have hesitated before mak-
ing the appropriation. There can be no such ab-
solute, pressing, immediate necessity as would
compel Congress to submit to a gross imposition
of this description from anybody; and for one I
would not submit to it, unless in a case of abso-
lute pressing necessity.
We have ample power under the Constitution
to pass laws to condemn property needed for pub-
he use. There is no necessity for our submitting
to exactions of this description in time of peace.
«If it is necessary absolutely to have a portion of
this prooerty sufficient to erect a fortification upon,
we have the power and the time to pass the ne-
cessary law in order to get possession of it at a
fair rate, and not submit to so gross and out-
rageous an imposition as this is paid to be. Were
I, with my views upon the subject, in the admin-
istration of any department of the Government,
and had I the management of an appropriation of
this description, I would suspend ail action under
it until I had communicated fully to Congress the
objections and difficulties in the way. Why, sir,
there is no end to it, if we are to submit to these
things one after another, at any rate without be-
ing notified what the difficulty is. I am confident
this matter was not known to Congress. I hope
the Military Committee will lake such action with
reference to it as will direct the Secretary of War
to suspend all further operations until something
can be done to enable the Government to get pos-
session of this property, if absolutely necessary
at this time. This proceeding ought to call the
attention of every member of the Senate to mat-
ters of this description when they see that such a
gross imposition is attempted to be practiced, and
yielded to 011 the part of the Government, under
any circumstances.
Mr. BRODERICK. Mr. President  
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator permit me a
moment, in reply to the Senator from Maine ? The
statement I made in regard to the action of the
Military Committee was not communicated to
me by the late chairman of that committee, but I
am informed that he has stated it, and it is on file
in the Department, that this was a fact known to
the committee at the time they acted upon it, that
this site had to be purchased, and that the demand
was for the sum I stated; and I think u would be
ascertained (the Committee on Military Affairs of
course will examine it) that the chairman so stated
at the time. As to the use of the property, it is
indispensable. There is no point in the United
States at this juncture that is so absolutely neces-
sary to be in the possession of the Government
as the pointindicated; because our system of for-
tifications never can be complete until we get that
point. It is immediately on the opposite side of
the Golden Gate, the entrance into the harbor of
San Francisco; opposite which is one of the finest
fortifications in the world, that we are now just
completing; and it is indispensable to the defense
of the harbor to have fortifications on this point.
I am willing to adopt any course that Congress
may indicate to get it at "the least possible rate;
but I do not think the mere consideration of what
the amount may be ought to induce us to suspend
for a series of years the fortifications of that hat-
