1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
common weal if we did not resist its extension
into new States or Territories. If we are not per-
mitted to cure the evil, we are determined, in any
event, that it shall spread no further.
We are also opposed to the reduction of our
own free laboring classes tothe level of slaves,
by compelling them to work by their side. Wc
claim the common territories as the common her-
itage of the people—the free people. Certainly,
if slaves cannot own themselves, they can have
no right to go into the Territories. The Territo-
ries must either be free or slave. If the latter,
then free laborers have no further interest in them;
forit is a well-established fact that, wherever sla-
very exists, the slaveholders get possession of all
the lands that are good for anything, and crowd
out the poor. Slavery and freedom are irrecon-
cilable as oil and water. They cannot be tcnants-
in-common 6f the same Territory, and, since one
must give way, which shall it be, the black slave
or the white freeman ? I insist that the slave must
b« excluded, but not the South. The great mass
of the southern people are not slaveholders, and
they, like we of the North, are interested in keep-
ing'out the slaves. The slaveholders themselves
may go and enjoy the Territories, but they must
leave their slaves at home. But it is fiercely asked,
shall we not carry our property ? I answer, no !
There is no hardship m excluding a particular
species of property from a State or Teiritory; it
is a common and no vury heavy grievance. In
the State from which I came the banks are per-
mitted to issue one dollar bills; and we find it
impossible to avoid taking them. They am my
money, my property; and yet, when I arrive in
Wellington with my pocket full of them, I find
that I dare not pass them, under a penalty of ten
nines their valua. Yom congressional legislation
h<is lendered them useless to me. Jn like man-
ner. Congress prohibits the institutions of mm,
gin v and whisky in the Indian territories; and why
may it not prohibit the still more pernicious and
wicked institution of negro slavery?
We of the North also oppose slavery because
we have seen in the past history of the States
which tolerate it, that it is fatal to their prosper-
ity. This view of the subject has been so often
and so thoroughly discussed. North and South,
that i must refrain from entering upon it in detail
at this time. I will, however, briefly call atten-
tion foafew striking facts, which irresistibly show
the superiority of free over slave society in the
race of progress. I invite the attention of south-
ern gentlemen to them.
The men of what are now free States, though
they were not all free at that tune, was, in 1790,
160.353 square miles. The area of the slave States,
at that period, was 295.965 square miles, or almost
double that of the northern section. In 1790 the free
States contained a total population of 1,968,000;
that of the slave States, at the same time, was
1,901,000. The difference between the free and
slave States was, therefore, only 7,000at the period
of the inauguration of the Government—a differ-
ence so t riding as to be unworthy of notice; so that,
for practical purposes, the two sections were equal
in numbers. But, after the lapse ofjaixty years,
how stands the case? In 1850, when the last gon-
f ral 'vnsus was taken, the total population of the
free States was 13,526,000; that of the slave States
was 9,051,000—showing a difference in favor of
the former of 3,875,000—a number exceeding half
of the white population of the South.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I would like to hear what
gentlemen have to say in explanation of this strik-
ing difference in the progress of the tv. o sections.
It cannot be alleged that the South lias been
hedged within its original limits, while the North
has expanded its area. So far from that being the
case, the fact is well known that the expansion of
th<? tiiea of slavery had been, up to 1850, greater
than that of freedom—much greater.
You say that the difference has resulted from
imim.n-ation to the northern section of the Union.
Well, admit it; and then tell me why has immigra-
tion c-ought the cold and inhospitable North, and
avoided the genial South? Such has not been the
ordinary course of events. History teaches us the
contrary lesson, that the current of emigration
naturally, or habitually flows from north to south.
The southern nations of Europe have been over-
run time and again by swarms of northern bar-
barians; and the Chinese have been subject to
similar inundations. The present dynasty is de-
scended from northern conquerors, who overran
the country some four or five centuries ago. It is
true, that in modern times civilization has grown
too strong to be overthrown by wandering barba-
rians, and we no longer have occasion to dread
the inroads of an Attilla orGenghis Khan. The
swarming of nations is now conducted in a legiti-
mate and peaceful manner by the aid of commer-
cial ships and emigrant aid companies. But still,
the tendency of the human tide, where no serious
obstacle interposes, is from the north to the south
or southwest. I can conceive of but one reason for
the exception to which I have adverted in the case
of European emigration to this continent, name-
ly, that slavery repels the merchant, the manu-
facturer, the mechanic, and even the common la-
borer, unless he be a slave. It repels by its odious
piesence,by its despotic intolerance, by the insult
it casts upon labor, and by thestiil more substan-
tial consideration that it oilers no employment.
Slaveholders rarely ever employ free labor if
they can avoid it. They say, and say truly, that
it causes the slave to feel his chains, and to grow
restive, to place him by the side of the free laborer
who receives wages for his toil. In addition to
this, the free laborer, who is thus reduced to the
level of a slave, becomes sensible of his degrada-
tion and becomes mean. He prompts the slave to
steal, and, perhaps, to run away. The slaveholder
is disgusted with such employes, and resolves
never to have one on his plantation again if he can
avoid it. He, at the same time, rashly jumps to
the conclusion that the employment of free labor,
in the free States, must work as badly as he has
found it to do where it is degraded by competition
with slavery; and he hence becomes a clamorous
champion of the barbarous and unjust system
which has reduced his State and section, in spite
of their natural advantages, to a condition of in-
feriority.
It is true that the North owes its superior nu-
merical strength to immigration; but immigrants
flock to the North and avoid the South because
the northern institution of freedom invites and em-
ploys them. Can any gentleman present doubt
that it is slavery, and not climate, which repels
European and northern emigrants? If there be
such here I invite them to look at California. That
great State embraces the latitude of our Atlantic
States, from Massachusetts to Florida; while its
most populous portion is in the latitude of "Vir-
ginia and North Carolina.
But this is not all. The fact* is well known,
not only to men of science, but common experi-
ence has brought it to the notice of all, that coun-
tries on the Pacific coast are eight or ten degrees
milder in climate than those on the Atlantic; so
that in point of fact, San Francisco is as free from
extreme cold as New Orleans or Savannah; and
the temperature of that section of the State which,
as I have said, is in the latitude of Virginia, cor-
responds to that of Florida or southern Texas.
These facts, m legard to the climate of Califor-
nia, will not be disputed. But how stands the
case as to the population r It is well known that
the great bulk of its inhabitants are natives of the
free States or foreign countries. The South sent
out a few hundred aspiring politicians, and a few
thousand gold-hunters; but at least nine tenths of
the population went out from the sources above
indicated.
Here, then, we see the natural proneness of
northern nations to emigrate southwardly; and a
more striking confirmation of the views presented
a few days ago by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, as to the practicability of colonizing
Nicaragua from the North.
The time which I have already consumed, pre-
cludes me from going into a history of the Kansas
question; but I propose briefly to draw the atten-
tion of the committee to a few prominent facts.
The people of Kansas have been severely censured
by the friends of the Administration, and by others
who profess great moderation on this question of
slavery extension, because they have refused to
vote under the laws passed by a usurping Legis-
lature. Even the ultra champions of slavery have
raised their hands in holy horror at the factious
spirit exhibited by the free-State men in thus re-
fusing to cxcrcise the elective franchise. The ex-
hibition of solicitude by such men in behalf of
the free-State cause was enough, of itself, to ex-
cite suspicion; and the event has shown that their
only object was to get the free State men com-
mitted to the legality of the system of fraud and
usurpation which has been imposed upon them
by rufRan intervention from a neighboring State,
under the patronage and protection of the Federal
Government. The fact is notorious that the most
unscrupulous ruffians, and murderers of free-State
men have been appointed to office, not only by the
late but by the present Administration.
The free-State men refused to give the slight-
est recognition to the usurpation by voting under
it until fast October, when they determined to get
possession of the Territorial Legislature. They
had grown strong enough to take care of them-
selves; to repel border-ruffian interference; and to
triumph over all opposition. The result showed
that they constitute an overwhelming majority of
the population of Kansas. They elected three
fourths of both branches of the Legislature; and
there is every reason to believe that if a perfectly
fair vote were taken, they would elect a unani-
mous Legislature. But the frauds which the
unscrupulous desperadoes attempted to perpetrate
in Johnson and McGee counties, are unmistak-
able indications of the character of the men with
whom the friends of freedom have had to contend.
We are all familiar with those frauds. We have
the authority of Governor Walker, a Mississip-
pian, selected for the station on account of his
devotion to the South, for the facts in the case.
The county of Johnson was never heard of until
we heard that one of its several precincts cast a
vote equal to that of any one of a majority of the
counties in the southern States. I quote the ma-
terial portions of Governor Walker's official proc-
lamation in relation to it. He says;
Tins question arises upon the extraordinary returns
made from tbo precinct of Oxford, in the county of John-
soil. What purport to be the returns of the election held
at that precinct on the 5th and 6th instant, have been re-
ceived by the Secretary, containing sixteen hundred and
twenty-eight names of pretended voters, or nearly one half
the number given in the whole icpresentative district. The
disposition to be made of tins supposed vote i& rendered all-
important by the fact that the political character of the Le-
gislative Assembly will be controlled by the addition of three
Councilmen and eight Representatives to the strength of one
party or the other, according to the adoption or rejection of
the leturns in question.
<{ In point of fact, it is well known that even the whole
county of Johnson, comprising, as it does, partofan Indian
reserve, which, upon examination of the law, we find is not
yet subject to a settlemant or preemption, can give no such
vote as that which is represented to have been polled at
this inconsiderable precinct of Oxford. But while tbisvun-
official knowledge, well established and universal as it may
be, could not become the ground of decision and action upon
election returns in themselves regular and authentic, the
legitimate effect of dii appareut enormity, such as that m
question, would necessauly be to induce a close examina-
tion of the paper pieseiited, and to requiie for us acceptance
a perfect compliance with ail the essential provisions of the
law. Such an examination of this document, conscientiously
and impartially made, has brought us tothe conclusion that
the returns from Oxford precinct, in Johnson county, must
be wholly rejected, for the following reasons:
" l?t. it does not appear on the face of the document pre-
sented to us, orm any other manner, that the judges of elec-
tion took the oaih imperatively required by the statute, to
secure the 6 impartial discharge of then duties according to
law.'
u2d. It docs not appear that the paper presented to us
was one of the two ouginal poll-books kept at the election,
a^ required bylaw; but, on the contrary, it does appear,
from unmistakable internal evidence, that the paper is
either a copy of some other document, or has been made
up for the occasion, and id not the genuine reeoitl of the
votes taken at the election. The law required one of the
poll-books to be returned to the Secretary, the other to be
deposited with the eleik of the board of commissioners of
tSie proper comity,
45 3d. As the vote of each elector was to be recorded for
each one of twenty-two candidates, and in more than a
hundied cases for twenty-five, and that by a viva voce vote,
it was, a phyMcal impossibility that the number of votes pro-
tended to have been taken on the second day. being more
than fifteen hundred, with the name of the voter written, and
each of twenty-two candidates properly designated, could
have been taken and recorded within the time piescribed
by law.
"4ih. Itisan extraordinary fact, tending to throw distrust
upon the whole proceeding, that, of the sixteen hundred
and twenty-eight votes, only one i« given to the Delegate
elect to Congress; and only one hundred and twenty-four
are recorded as having been cast tor the local candidates
of the township.
"Influenced by these considerations, and impressed with
the great responsibility testing upon us in regard to the fair-
ness of the election, and its freedom from all fraud suscep-
tible of detection and prevention, within the scope of our
duties, we deemed it essential to truth and justice that we
should ascertain every fact calculated to refute or confirm
the conclusions derived from the face of the papers. c-
cordinzly, we went to the precinct of Oxford, (which is a vil-
lage with six honses}including stores, and without a tavern,)
and ascertained from the citizens of that vicinity, and espe-
cially those of the handsome adjacent village of New Santa
Fe, in Missouri, (separated, only by a street, and containing
about twenty houses,) that altogether not more than one tenth
the number of persons representedto have voted were present
