1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
They generally located lands, and commenced the
improvements necessary for the support and pro-
tection of their families. This is the evidence of
their intention.
What are the facts connected with the invaders
from the northern States? Did they become legal
citizens of theTerritorv ? Did they go there solely
for the purpose of cultivating the soil, and of
making it their permanent home? No, sir; the
most of them were young men, without families—
young and desperate men, who were regularly
enlisted by abolition societies, abolition Govern-
ers of the northern States, and mischief-making
priests, by whom they were armed with Sharpe's
rifles, equipped with the munitions of war, and
paid by the month for their dishonorable, revo-
lutionary, and treasonable services; precisely as
the Hessians and other mercenaries were paid by
the English in their attempt to defeat our inde-
pendence.
As this is a grave charge, it is proper to exam-
ine the evidence on which it is made. In the
first place, we find that societies were openly or-
ganized in the North for the avowed purpose of
collecting funds and enlisting men to go there;
that committees were appointed toreccive contri-
butions; and that public calls were made for money
to defray the expenses so incurred; that arms
were publicly presented to persons about starting
to. the scene of war, with the injunction to make i
them felt,. Loud and eloquent declamation was
heard from the pulpit—the voice of men wearing
the Jivery of heaven, while ministering to the
worst passions of our nature, and secretly foment-
ing sectional war. These are some of the evi-
dences by which we can judge their friends out-
side. What are the facts within the Territory r
Governor Walker says, in his official letter of the
15th of July last:
<( In order to tend this communication by mail, I must
close by assuring j on that the spirit of rebellion pervades
the greut mass of the Republican party of this Territory, in-
stigated, as I entertain no doubt tliey are, by eastern socie-
ties, having in view results most disastrous to the Govern-
ment ami to the Union."
Ami again he says:
';La\vrenceisthehot-bedof all the abolition movements
in the Tertitory. It is the town established by the abolition
societies of the East; and whilst there are respectable peo-
ple there, it is filled by a considerable number of mercena-
ries, who are paid by abolition societies to perpetuate and
diffuse agitation throughout Kansas, arid pievent a peace-
ful settlement of this question."
This is the testimony of Governor Walker; and
gentlemen will not complain if we attach a little
more credit to the official acts of a Governor than
we do to the politician acting and speaking for
ulterior objects. The Governor goes on to say:
" I am satisfied that a large portion of the insurrectionary
party in the Territory do not desire the peaceful settlement
of this question, but wish it to remain open m order to agi-
tate the country for years to come."
But let us ascertain whether Governor Walker
is sustained by the facts. Did the Republicans
go into the Territory and locate farms and begin
their improvement as if they intended to reside
there permanently, and honestly earn a subsist-
ence ? No; the history of the Territory proves
the contrary. They located towns and villages, j
without a country to support them; they estab- ]
lished no legitimate business; paid no attention i
to the means of support, and, contrary to all ex- j
perience in the West, embarked in politics the
moment of their arrival. Sir, this was their busi-
ness, that which they had been hired to perform;
and with how reckless a disposition have these
mercenaries done their work !
It was their business to locate villages, and to
make them (as Governor Walker says of Law-
rence) the seats of the agitation which disturbed
the Territory—the fruitful nurseries of rebellion
and treason. It was their business to organize a
militia, and take violent possession of the Terri-
tory, and to rebel against all laws, human and
divine. These northern invaders were not there
as citizens, located not as citizens locate, and have
proved by their acts that they had no such object
m view. It may well become such men to charge
the Missourians with trespass and wrong. Sir,
their charges remind us of the deceptive cry of
the flying thief, to "stop the thief!" They have
too long deceived the police of the country—too
long evaded the punishment they have so fully
earned.
Immediately after the establishment of the ter-
ritorial government the Republicans attempted to
establish a revolutionary government under the
Topeka constitution. They refused obedience to
the laws of Congress and of their own Legislature
in all points affecting slavery, and began an illegal
opposition to the Federal authority, in which they
have steadily persevered. But they say that the
Legislature was irregular, and had no power to
call a convention. Congress, however, has re-
peatedly recognized the territorial government as
regular. Governor Walker, in his inaugural ad-
dress of the 27th May, 1857, says;
" Tile Territorial Legislature is the power ordained for
this purpose by the Congress of the United States; and in
opposing it, you resist the authority of the Federal Govern-
ment. That Legislature was called into being by the Con-
gress of 1854, and is recognized in the very latest congres-
sional legislation ;55 * * * * " and many of
its acts are now in operation here by universal assent.5'
This Legislature, recognized, and undoubtedly
legal in its organization, adopted measures in
July, 1855, to submit the question of a State gov-
ernment to the people. In the election than pro-
vided for, the people decided almost unanimously
in favor of the organization of a State government
preparatory to their admission into the Union.
Afterwards, on the 19th day of February, 3857,
their Legislature passed an act providing for a
registry of the voters, and for the election of dele-
gates to a constitutional convention. In the per-
formanceof this duty the Legislature exercised no
rights or powers not given to it by the act creating
the territorial government, and not legitimately
within its constitutional authority. For this pur-
pose it was called into existence by the organic
act; for this purpose it was clothed with the sov-
ereign power of the people.
The bill providing for the registry of the voters
was fair and just in all its provisions. For refer-
ence, I desire to insert the synopsis of that act,
as published in the report of the Senate Commit-
tee on Territories;
Sec. 1. Sheriffs are required, between the 1st of March
and 1st of April, 1857, to make an enumeration ; have power
to appoint deputies, who shall take eatii, &c.
" Sec. 2. In case of vacancy in office of sheriff the pro-
batcjudge shall perform his duty; and in case of vacancy
in both, me Governor shall appoint some competent resi-
dent to perform taid duty.
" Sko. 3. Officers, a-s above, shall file in office of probate
judge a complete list of a!i qualified voters resident in his
county or distiict, on the 1st of April, 18-57.
" Sec. 4. Copiesofsaid list to be posted in public places.
cc Sec. 5. Piobotc judge to continue court from receipt of
said returns to lot of May, for the puipose of correcting
them-
'• Pec. 6. Lists of leeal voters, as corrected-, to be returned
to the Governor and Secretary, and distwhutod geneially.
" Sec. 7. Upon completion of census, apportionment of
members to be made by the Governor and Secretaiy, ac-
cording to the registeicd voteis. Number of representatives
to be sixty.
i' Sec. 8. Election for membeisof the constitutional con-
vention shall be held on the third Monday in June; and no
one, unless registered, shall vote.
'• Sec. 9. County commissioners shall appoint the places
of voting, judges of elections, &e.
vs Sec. 1U. Judges of election are required to be sworn ;
alt.o the clerks, and duplicate returns of election shall be
made and certified by them.
f;j?sc. 11. Every bona fide inhabitant of Kansas, on the
third Monday of June, 1057, being a citizen of the United
States, and over twenty-one years of age, whose residence
m the county where he offers to vote shall have been three
months next before said election, shall be entitled to vote.
" Sec. 12. Persons authorized to take the census to ad-
minister oaths. &c.
"Sec. 13 piovidesfor the punishment of unlawful at- j
tempts to influence voters, j
Sec. 14 provides punishment for iUagal voting. j
" Sec. 15 provides punishment for those who fraudulently ;
hinder a fair expression ot the popular vote. j
"Fec. 10. Delegates are required to assemble in conven- I
tion at the capiral on the first Monday of September next, j
" Sec. 17 provides for an election by the convention of j
its otiicers.
u Sec. 18 in relation to the salaries of sheriffs and other
officers.
" Sec. 19 relative to the location of the election dis-
tricts.
k< Sec. 20 requires all votes to be viva voce.
" Sec. 21 gives a tabular form (or the returns.
" Above bill passed over Governor's veto on the ISth of ;
February, 1357.*'
This bill was vetoed by the Governor of the ;
Teiritory, because it did not require the conven- ■
tion to submit the constitution, when framed, to !
the people for adoption orrejection. On its return j
to the Legislature, it was adopted, on a reconsid- ;
oration, by a two-thirds vote, and became a law. j
The action of the Legislature on that point was j
undoubtedly correct; it had no right to embarrass :
the convention with a provision of that character. !
It was the duty of the Legislature to call the con- 1
vcntion, in obedience to the express will of the I
people, and to leave the constitution, and the ques-:
tion of its submission, to the delegates selected by
the people for the consideration of that subject.
Beyond this the Legislature had no authority to
go. It would have* been an assumption of power
in the Legislature to attempt to control the action
of a convention fresh from the people. :
I now return to the registration of the vojej-s,
under the act of February, 1857; I'tap pears from
an examination of the law, that every reason-
able provision had been made to secure a faithful
registry, and to correct all errors that rnigfct occur.
It is charged, however, by the Republicans, that
the registry was not faithfully performed—th^t
their friends were not enrolled; and hence,"that
the election was not a fair expression of the people
of theTerritory; and they charge that this wrong
was perpetrated upon them for the purpose of de-
feating the will of the majority. The complaint
was made by them to acting Governor Stanton,
by letter dated April 23,1857. The Governor's re-
ply , dated April 30,1857, covers the w hole ground,
and is an answer to their unjust complaints. He
says:
" It is not my purpose to reply to your statement of facts.
1 cannot do so from any personal knowledge enabling me
cither to admit or deny them. I may say, however, C have
heard statements quite as authentic as your own, and in
some instances from members of your own party, (Repub-
licans,) to the effect that your political friends have very
generally—indeed, almost universally-—refused to partici-
pate in the pending proceedings for registering the names of
the legal voters. In some instances they have given ficti-
tious names, and in numerous others they refused to give any
names at all. You cannot deny tnat your party have here-
tofore resolved not to take part in the registration, and it
appears to me that, without indulging ungenerous suspi-
cions of the integiity of officers, you might well attribute
any errors and omissions of the sheriffs to the existence of
this well-known and controlling fact."
Governor Walker entirely exculpates the Le-
gislature from fault in this matter. It was the
neglect of the local officers, in his view, and*was
not anticipated by the Territorial Legislature. It
is true that Governor Walker spoke of this mat-
ter in a tone a little different in liis letter of resig-
nation; but it must not be forgotten that in one
instance the Governor wrote as a conservative
man, seeking the peace and harmony of the Ter-
ritory,and the properadjustmentof alltheirdiffi-
cuities; while in the latter instance, Mr. Walker
wrote as a heated politician, in opposition to the
Administration,and in the hope that "something
might turn up."
Hut, suppose that the Republicans had a large
vote in the non-registered counties, as alleged in
Governor Walker's letter of resignation, it could
have made no difference in the result. The Re-
publicans refused to be registered in counties
where the registry was made, and refused to vote
after the registration, and certainly the registry
made no difference to them.
But Mr. Walker says:
" In such counties where a full and free opportunity was
givpu to register and vo'e, and they did not choose to'cxer-
ci«e that privilege, the question is very different from those
counties where there was no census or registry."
There would be much force in this argument
if it were not for the fact that the Republicans
refused to vote as a party, and not individually.
They refused to vote after their convention had
determined that they should not vote, in which
the Republicans of these non-registered counties
were represented. Under those circumstances, it
cannot be said that their course would have dif-
fered from that of their partisans in the registered
counties.
Mr. Chairman, the cause of the imperfect regis-
try is most clearly shown in Mr. Stanton's letter;
shown, sir, by the testimony of Republicans who
were present, and participated in that most extra-
ordinary political movement. In our courts of
law, no one is permitted to take advantage of his
own wrong; but this is the plea made by the Re-
publicans. They refused to be registered in some
instances, and in others they gave fictitious names;
and they now complain that the£ registration was
not fully and fairly made, and protest against it
as a gross fraud upon the rights of the people.
Sir, the history of this matter proves most con-
clusively that the Republicans did not desire to
settle the question at the ballot-box. Their con-
test was, and is still, with the Federal Govern-
ment, and not with the pro-slavery men in the
Territory. Their object was to defeat the action
of Congress and the Administration in their ter-
ritorial organization, and the legislation of the
country. In Governor Walker's proclamation
