1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2071
vailed. The Senator from Alabamaimmediately
corrected me, and said that these bounties on the
part of England had been repealed some twenty-
eight years ago,and that I was mistaken. I have
had this read merely to show that it is a fair in-
ference, from his argument, that our whale fish-
ery has been carried on and succeeded so that it
has outstripped the English m spite of their boun-
ties. The Senator corrected me, and said that
they had given no bounties for the last twenty-
eight years; since 1830. Am I not correct?
Mr. CLAY. That is my recollection.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think it is a fair inference,
from what 1 have read from the Senator'sspeech,
that he argued that our whalers had succeeded
against the English whale fishermen, receiving a
bounty from their Government. Now, he* says
that for the last twenty-eight years England has
paid no bounty to any branch of her fisheries.
The Senator alluded to the large increase in our
whaling tonnage; and that increase has been going
on during the last twenty-eight years. His argu-
ment was, that without having a bounty, our
fishermen have outstripped those of England after
she had repealed luir bounties. But I ask if it is
not fair to suppose that the bounties of our cod
fishermen have had something to do with th^se
successes. That is the way I should road it, after
he has corrccted his own speech. The speech,
as I understood it, gave the idea that they were
giving bounties all the time. I should now con-
clude that England, since she has lepealod the
bounties, either fiom that cause or some other,
has suffered us to outstrip her altogether in this
department of industry. Whether that is the
cause or not, I do not pretend to say.
Mr. CLAY. In reply to the Senator, 1 have
simply fo state that while the bounty system of
England existed we beat her in the whale fishery.
If he will go back and investigate this subiect, as
I have done, he will find that, even shortly after
our Revolution, or perhaps pending the Revolu-
tion, Mr. Burke, in a spieoli in the British Par-
liament, aUuded to the fact that a few fishing towns
on the coast of New England were excelling the
English whale fishery, with all the bounties con-
ferred on them. If it were necessary to substan-
tiate this assertion I could produce proof,and show
that, even at so early a day as that, he said we
were excelling them in the whale fishery, and we
have been continuously and progressively doing
it ever sin^o. I stated that the English bounties
were repealed m li>3U. I may not he correct as
to the exact time; but I know it has been some
time since.
Air. SIMMONS. All I ask is, that the Sena-
tor shall not use that as an argument both ways;
he may take either horn. If he says we have
beaten them after they iepea!ed the bounties 
Mr. CLAY. And before too.
Air. SiMYiONS Did we not have bounties
when we were British colonies?
Air. CLAY. N- t on the whale fishery—never.
Air. SIMMONS. But we have had on the cod
fishery ever since we have been a Government.
Air. CLAY. Ah!
Air. WILSON. I shall not, Air. President, de-
tain the Senate with an elaborate argument m
ooposinon to this proposition, presented wirh so
much zeal by the Senator from .Alabama. I am
content to rest the case, and I am sure the people
of my State are content to lest the case unon the
elaborate and exhaustive speech of the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Ramlpj,] a memberof the com-
mittee that reported hack the hill introduced by
the Senator from Alabama. Indeed, sir, I speak
upon this bill with no little reluctance, for it is a
onrstion m which the people I represent have a
liiiiv interest, a pccumaiy interest; and 1 am not
insensible to the fact that prejudices exist in the
Senate and the country against what is regarded
as a system of bounties by th^ (J-overnment. I
do not stand here to ask special favors for any
rvn-tion of the people T represent. The people of
Uassaelms^'ts are not beggars, and I am not the
wan to b'.-s f >>' them if they were beggars. 1 do
not look upon tins bounty upon the cod fisheries,
whi"h the iSimatni irom Alabama now proposes to
repeal, m the iurht of a gratuity. I louk upon it
n i a part of what has Wi-n and now is thesettbd
no) icy of the country, to promote the commercial
and iiiu j 11 -ovvvr ol ! l-o na*ion \ repeat here, so-,
v, hat th-1 Senator from Ala.ne [M H vnux] stud .
when he opened the debate on this question, that
if it is not for the interest of the Government of the
United States, for the commerce of the United
States, and for the commercial and naval marine
of the United States to continue this policy of
bounties; if it is not for the general interest of
the wholecountry to continue this system of boun-
ties to the cod fisheries, then I say repeal these
bounties at once.
The people X represent, sir, are largely engaged
in the cod fisheries. I beheve they have about
half the vessels, half th.e number of persons, and
about half the capital, employed in the cod fish-
eries of the whole country. These fisheries have
always been to the people of Massachusetts a
question of the deepest interest. Twenty-five
years after the landing at Plymouth, the people
of the colony cnffcffed'in the fisheries on the banks
of Newfoundland—two hundred and thirteen
yearsago—and at the beginningof the seventeenth :
century, Massachusetts alone exported more than
one hundred thousand quintals of fish, worth four
hundred thousand dollars, of the products of her
fisheries. In fact, at the opening of the Revolu- j
tion3 nearly half of the importations into the coun- !
try were paid for by the fisheiies of New Eng-
land. Josuh Gtuincy—a statesman who is now i
occupying the years of a green old age in writing ,
the life of his illustrious compeer, John dumcy
Adams, and who has left on the records of the
country speeches unsurpassed for power and elo-
quence. unless we except the speeches of Mr.
Webster—says, in a speech made in 3808 on ;
our foreign relations, that the policy of Eng- ;
land concerning the fisheries tended to produce 1
the Revolution. Mr. Adams was instructed, m
September, 1770, " that th^ common ri^ht offish- 1
mg should in no case b j given up;" and Elbridge
G-etry, barn m Marble head, th" great fishing town
of Massachusetts at that peiiod, submitted a res-
olution toCongress concerning the terms ofp^ace;
that the fisheries, under no circumstances, were
, to be surrendered up; and history tells us of the
struggles of John Adams, m 1783 and 1783, to se-
cure to the country the right to the fisheries. We
! all know that at the treaty of 1SI4, there was a
contest between this Government and England to
j secure the rights of the fisheiies at that day; and
; that the son of John Adams then maintained the
; doctrines his father had maintained in 17-83. In
; 1814, when John dumcy Adams was contending
i at Ghent for the rights of the fisheries, that old
- patriot, John Adams, fi'I- d with the fires of the
; Revolution, wrote to Air. Madison that " I would
■ continue this war forever lather than surrender
one acre of our tei ritory, one iota of the fisheries,
as established by the third article of the treaty
' of 1783, or one sailor impressed fiom any mer-
: chant ship."
Senators tell us now that these bounties were
not given to encourage the commercial interests
and the interests of navigation by fostering sea-
: men, but that they were given in consideration
, of the duties on salt and other articles upon which
1 duties were paid. Exempting the fishermen from
1 the burdens imposed upon articles used in their
! pursuits, was a mode adopted to encourage the :
I fisheiies. In the First Congress Fisher Ames, in
advocating the policy ofencouraging the fisheries,
declared that,
'•They fosn ,i rar^erv f<v. seamen. and tin- wul be the
souice lioiu winch wo ate to d'-tive oar m.uitime rnpoit-
ance."
Mr. Gerry, at or near the same period, refer-
ring to the importance of the fioheih's and the ne-
cessity of th'M* being protected and encouraged
by the Government, said:
•* I \v;!i not leiteiato the vrespective the fish-
ery. It ;•* well known u he the h-jd ntu<eiy foi >eamen.:'
Tins opinion was uttered by a man as welLqual-
lfied to pronounce an opinion entitled to the con-
sideration of statesmen as any man who ever oc-
, cupied a seat m the national councils.
In 1790, Washington, in ins speech to Congress,
remarked that " our fisheries and the transporta-
tion of our own produce oner us abundant means
for guarding ourselves agaum" the evil of depend-
inil' upon foreign vessels. The Senate waited upon
the President and Vice President with an address,
in winch thevsav: " The navigation and th-• r.sh-
1 ones of the Umied States are oopcts too interest-
ing not to inspire a disposition to promote them
bv a1! the means wlncn shall appear to us con-
sistent with their natural pi ows and permanent
prosperity;'5 and 111 the report to winch Senators
have referred of Mr. Jefferson, made in 1791, tie
says that the fisheries, in their very nature, are
so poor that they cannot prosper without the en-
couragement of the Government. He says:
11 To cultivate peace, maintain commerce and navigation
and all other lawful enterprises, to fo^tei our fisheries as a
nursery of navigation—these,fellow-citizens, are the land-
marks by winch we are to guide ourselves in all our pro-
ceeding-:. By continuing to make these the rules of oui ac-
tion, wo fdjali endear to our countrymen the true principles
of the Con-stitution.3'
To foster our fisheries as a nursery of navi-
gation, Mr. Jefferson told us in 1791, was among
the land-marks of the Government of the United
States. President Jefferson, in his message to
Congress in 1802, spoke of fosteringour fisheries
as nurseries of navigation, and for the nurture of
man.
These were the opinions of the statesmen who
founded this policy. Senators may deny the policy
of continuing this protection in order to encour-
age the fisheries as a nursery for seamen; but it
is vain for them to deny the historical fact that
Ames and Gerry and Adams and Washington
and Jefferson, the men who founded this policy,
based it substantially upon the idea that these
fisheries would be the nurseries of seamen; that it
would be for the advantage of the commerce of
the country, and the naval power of the country.
I am aware that the fisheries are not so import-
antas they were when this policy was commenced.
The Senator from Alabama lias shown in his
speech that at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States the fisheries were
very important; that the exports of the fisheries
were a large portion of the exports of the country;
that the tonnage of fisheries at that time was a
large part o£the entire tonnage of the United States.
Well, sir, these fisheries, although they have in-
creased, have not increased in proportion to*the
development of the tonnage, and the expansion of
the commerce of the countiy, and the Senatojr
fiom Alabama is therefore right in assuming that
they are not relatively so important as they were
at the organisation of the Government. But, Mr.
President, they are important after all. They are
important, in my judgment, to the commerce of
the country, and to the naval power of the coun-
try. That they have been, and now are, a nur-
sery for seamen, no intelligent man here or else-
where can deny. From Cape Cod and Cape Ann,
the home of the cod fisheries of Massachusetts,
and from the coasts of Maine, go forth into th8
commercial marine of the countrymen who have
honored the navigation of the country by their
skill and seamanship. Lorenzo Sabine, of iVlassa-
chusetts, a gentleman of the highest intelligence,
i m his report to Secretary Corwm, in 185*3, says:
; <•' The tiansfer to oth^r and more profitable ami ambitious
! command.-is still going on. The ineicantiie men of tlic com-
mercial emporium of the North, and the packet-ships of th«
commercial emporium of the Union, rank deservedly high ;
hut were their counting-rooms afid quarter-decks to j-ield up
all. or even half, of those whose bnth-places weio on the
two capes of Massachusetts, ami whose earhe-t adventures
wen1 made in fishing-ciaft, they would lose many high and
honored names-. So, too, vvoie either to cease recruiting
fiom the .^anie souice-, the humble employment of which
I am 'peakrnc would speedily bn-ome moi« pros-peious, m
puhlif ''-timation moie res^-table, an,i of consequence be
eon :deied. moie worthy of the caio and protection of our
luU'i'j
I know7 it is said here that these men engaged
in the fisheries are not good sailors. The Sena-
tor fi\,rn Floiida [Mr. Mallory] told us that
they were gentlemen; that they only went to sea
a portion of the year; and he, 1 thought, drew
an unfavorable comparison between these fisher-
men who 20 out from Cape Ann and Cape Cod
in Massachusetts, and who go out from the State
of Maine down to the Bay of Chaleurs, down 10
the George's banks, and to the Newfoundland
bank:;?—that these men, as sailors, could not com-
pare with the sailors who come to this country
from the northern portions of Europe,'who
" grow fat.*' he tells us, " on kicks and cuffs."
Mr. President, there is nothing on which to
base this. There is a complaint in the Navy of
the United States that so many of the seamen are
foreign born. There is a complaint throughout
the whole commercial marine of the country that
so many of our seamen are foreign born; in fact,
there is a complaint throughout the country that
we have m the service of the country so few na-
tive-born American seamen. If these foreign sea-
men are better than American seamen, why is this
comolaint? No, sir; the men who fought your
