1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
submitted by direction of the several Executive
Departments, as necessary to be appropriated to
carry on the several branches of the public ser-
vice in theirchargeforthe next fiscal year. These
three classes comprehend the estimated expendi-
tures for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1859, as
set forth in this report. Neither these estimates,
nor those for the remainder of the present fiscal
year, include any provision for deficiencies, or
other objects which the several Departments may
ask for during the present session, nor for any
expenditure whatever, which may arise out of
the original action of Congress during the session.
To meet such additional expenditures as may be
required from these sources, further means must
be provided.
The efficiency of the public serviee, as well as
the security of the public credit, requires that this
Department shall be provided with means to meet
lawful demands without delay. During the re-
mainder of the present fiscal year, it is estimated,
as before stated, that sufficient revenue will be re-
ceived in the course of the year to meet the ordi-
nary outstanding appropriations. But the great
bulk of the revenue being derived from duties on
merchandise payable only when it is entered for
consumption, the period when such duties will be
realized is entirely uncertain, being left by law to
the option of the importers during three years.
The present revulsion has caused a very large por-
tion of the dutiable merchandise imported since it
commenced to be warehoused without payment
of duty. To what extent this practice will be pur-
sued during the present fiscal year is too much a
matter of conjecture at present to risk the public
service and the public credit upon the probability
of an immediate change in this respect. It may
be safely estimated that, in the course of the pres-
ent fiscal year, a large portion of the merchandise
now in warehouse will be withdrawn and duties
paid thereon; but, in the mean time, adequate
means for meeting lawful demands on the Treas-
ury should be provided.
Such provision should be made at the earliest
practicable period, as a failure of sufficient moans
in the Treasury may occur at an early day. The
exigency being regarded as temporary, the mode
of providing for it should be of a temporary char-
acter. It is, therefore, recommened that author-
ity be given to this Department by law to issue
Treasury notes for an amount not to exceed
|20,000,000, payable within a limited time, and
carrying a specified rate of interest, whenever the
immediate demands of the public service may call
for a greater amount of money than shall happen
to be in the Treasury, subject to the Treasurer's
drafts in payment of warrants.
The fact that such temporary exigency may
arise from circumstances beyond the foresight or
control of this Department, makes some adequate
provision to meet it indispensable to the public
security.
Previous to the passage of the act of March 3,
1849, which requires all money receivable from
customs and other sources to be paid into the
Treasury without abatement or diminution, the
whole expenses of collecting the revenue from
customs were defrayed from the moneys collected,
and the balance only was paid into the Treasury.
The expenses of collecting the customs in Cali-
fornia and Oregon were excepted from the opera-
tion of that act by the third section of the act of
September 28, 1850, and the mode of defraying
the expenses of (Election, which existedprevious
to the act of March 3, 1849, has been conse-
quently continued at the custom-houses on the
Pacific coast up to the present time.
The joint resolution approved 14th February,
1850, makes a permanent appropriation for the
expenses of collecting the customs of §1,225,000
for each half year, together with such sums as
may be received for storage, &c., until Congress
shall act upon the subject. During the first four
years of the operation of the act of 3d March,
1849, the expenses did not equal the amount of
this appropriation, and a considerable balance
had accumulated, which lifts enabled this De-
partment to defray the expenses of the last four
years, which have considerably exceeded the
amount so appropriated, as is shown by state-
ment marked 4.
This accumulation having become entirely
exhausted, this Department will not be able longer
to defray the expenses of collecting the customs
unless Congress shall now act upon the subject.
In order that this important branch of the pub-
lic service may be conducted with promptitude
and efficiency, I recommend that Congress shall,
at its present session, legislate upon this subject,
to operate from the 1st of January, 1858, which
will put an end to the permanent appropriation
under the joint resolution from that date.
For the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1857, the
expenses of collecting the customs exceeded three
million dollars, exclusive of those of the ports on
the Pacific coast, which amounted to nearly half
a million, as shown by statement marked 5.
For the half of the current fiscal year, extending
from 1st January to 30th June, 1858, at least
one million six hundred thousand dollars will be
required to defray these expenses in the Atlantic
States; and I recommend that sum to be appro-
priated for that period.
The reasons which originally led to the excep-
tion of the custom-houses on the Pacific coast
from the operation of the general law of 1849 no
longer exist in the same force as formerly, but
the system cannot be suddenly changed without
much inconvenience. I propose that, during the
remainder of the current fiscal year, .these ex-
penses be defrayed, as 'heretofore, out of the ac-
cruing revenue; but, from the commencement of
the fiscal year on the 1st July, 1858, that provis-
ion be made by law that the whole receipts from
customs and all other sources on the Pacific coast
be paid into the Treasury under the act of 1849,
and the expenses of collection be defrayed out of
appropriations for that purpose. To meet the
expenses of collecting the customs throughout the
entire United States during the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1859, will probably require four mil-
lion dollars.
The statement before referred to shows the pro-
gressive increase of these expenses, from year to
year, since the passage of the act of 1849. It
also showsa corresponding increase in the amount
of merchandise imported and duties paid. But
the latter are not sufficient to explain so large an
addition to the expenses of collection, as nearly
the same number of officers are required to col-
lect the smaller as the larger amounts. Other I
causes have largely contributed to swell these ex- I
penses. When the public revenue happens to !
be abundant, many projects are listened to and ]
adopted by Congress without careful regard to
the burdens they may permanently impose. The j
building now revenue cutters, not needed for the j
enforcement of the revenue laws; the multiplication I
of ports of entry andports of delivery, for local and j
temporary convenience, at points not required for
the collection of the revenue; and the erection of
expensive buildings for officers of the customs !
and other public officers, are of this class. The I
original outlay for these projects is usually pro- i
vided for by special appropriations, and their :
amount is the principal object that attracts at- !
tention. But, under the existing system, every !
one of these appropriations of necessity imposes I
an additional and permanent charge upon the ex- \
pense for collecting the customs. New revenue I
cutters must be equipped, kept in repair, provided I
with officers and men, and maintained m a state
of efficiency at a large annual charge upon the
expenses for collecting the customs, that they
may be m constant readiness to relieve vessels in ,
distress, or perform some other duty equally re-1
mote from their appropriate and legitimate func-
tions of enforcing the laws. New ports of entry
or of delivery created by law, at points remote
from the ordinary channels of direct foreign com- ,
merce, must be provided with officers paid by
annual salaries or other emoluments, as expenses
of collecting the customs. New buildings must
be furnished, warmed, lighted, and kept in a state ;
of repair and cleanliness, under the direction of
suitable officers with proper compensation. All !
charges of such character are now defrayed out j
of the appropriation for the expenses of colleet- j
ing the customs. While the public revenue has ;
recently rapidly diminished, these charges are j
daily increasing in amount. ,
The public debt on the 1st July, 1857, was
§29,060,386 90. Since that time there has been |
paid the sum of 13,895,232 39—leaving the pub-
lie debt at this time $25,165,154 51. Since the 3d
March last, there has been paid of the public
debt $4,878,377 53. The details are shown by
the statements marked ,6, 7, and 8. The Depart-
ment continued the purchase of stock as long as
the law and a proper regard for the public in-
terest would justify. The object was to redeem,,
as far as possible, our outstanding debt which
had a number of years to run, whilst the pay-
ment of the large sums from the Treasury required
for this purpose was affording relief to the com-
mercial and other interests of the country, which
were then struggling to ward off the revulsion
which finally came upon them. At that time it
was not seriously apprehended that the revulsion
would so greatly affect the trade and business of
the country; but, looking even to the most unfa-
vorable result that could happen, it was thought
that the Treasury, if compelled to resort to a loan
to meet any temporary deficiency that might oc-
cur, would suffer no injury from having the char-
acter of the loan changed from debts falling due at
a distant period to Treasury notes, at a less rate
of interest, and which could be redeemed at the
pleasure of the Department.
A revulsion in the monetary affairs of the coun-
try always occasions more or less of distress
among the people. The consequence is, that the
public mind is directed to the Government for
relief, and particularly to that branch of it which
has charge of its financial operations. There are
many persons who seem to think that it is the
duty of the Government to provide relief in all
cases of trouble and distress. They do not stop
to inquire into the power which has been con-
ferred by the people upon their agents, or the
objects for which that power is to be exercised.
Their inquiry is limited to the simple fact of ex-
isting embarrassments, and they see no other
agency capable of affording relief; and their ne-
cessities, not their judgments, force them to the
conclusion that the Government not only can, but
ought to relieve them. A moment of calm reflec-
tion must satisfy every one that such is not the
true theory of our Government. It is one of lim-
ited powers, to be exercised for specified purposes.
Its operations, political and financial, should be
conducted within these prescribed limits in that
manner that it will most certainly effect the object
for which the power was conferred. In doing
this it should be the policy, as it is unquestion-
ably the duty, of the Government so to conduct
its affairs as to confer the greatest good upon the
greatest number of the people. This misappre-
hension of the powers and duty of the Govern-
ment has led to the suggestion of measures of
relief, which have been pressed with such earn-
estness upon this Department as to demand a
brief consideration of them. A private individual
who finds that his income is reduced, at once feels
the propriety of bringing his expenditures within
his reduced means. The suggestion to such a
person to increase his expenses would instantly
be rejected. To characterize such advice as folly
would not be considered harsh or unjust. The
estimates of receipts into the Treasury for the
present fiscal year exhibit the fact that the in-
come of the Government will be considerably
reduced. In this state of things it is seriously
mged that our expenditures should be increased,
for the purpose of affording relief to the country.
Such a policy would doubtless furnish employ-
ment to large numbers of worthy citizens. It
would require the use of large amounts of money,
to be raised either by a loan or the issuing of Treas-
ury notes, and would thus afford temporary relief
to the country to an extent limited only by the dis-
cretion of the Government in this unauthorized
use of tiie public treasure and credit. But where
shall we look for the power to do this in the Con-
stitution? What provision of that instrument
authorizes such a policy? The absence of a sat-
isfactory reply to those inquiries is an unanswer-
able argument to the suggestion. In the dis-
charge of its legitimate functions the Government
is required to expend large sums of money in the
building of vessels of war; the erection of cus-
tom-houses and other public buildings; the prep-
aration of the defenses of the country; and in a
variety of other ways, which give employment
to labor, and draw from the Treasury the money
which has been collected from the people for
