207-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
ships in the war of the Revolution and the war of
1812 were born in the United States. They were
mostly persons who grew up in the sections where
these fisheries are carried on. The crew that
manned the Constitution, which won so much
honor for the country, came mostly from the
county of Essex, in my State. It was not the
live oaks in the Constitution, but it was the brave
hearts on board the Constitution,that won those
honors for the country. The men who early en-
gage in these cod fisheries, who are trained in
the fisheries, are superior, as men and as sailors,
to the men who come to this country from north-
ern Europe, who are in the commercial or naval
marine of the country; superior to any class of
sailors in the United States, except the class of
men who grow up in these very sections of the
country, who begin their career in the cod or
mackerel or whale fisheries.
The noble deeds of the fishermen of Massachu-
setts, on the ocean and the land, in the war of the
Revolution and- in the war of 1812, blazon the
brightest pa°;es of the history of the Republic.
The town of Marblehead, the great fishing town
of Massachusetts at the opening of the Revolu-
tion, raised out of her thirteen hundred polls, an
entire regiment of as brave men as ever faced the
foes of the country. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] quoted the noble tribute of Gen-
eral Knox, who saw them as they led the army
across the Delaware at Trenton, in that cold De-
cember night, in 1776. Washington Irving, in his
Life of Washington, has recorded on his imper-
ishable pages the service of the heroic fisheimen
of Marblehead, in the retreat from Long Island,
after the disastrous battle of Brooklyn Heights,
and in the crossing of the Delaware to assail the
British army encamped at Tienton.
Of these men at Long Island, Irving says:
"With Mifflin crime aWo Colon<i Cllovcr'.-s Ma^acliu-'ctt^
regiment, composed chiefly of Maiblehead fi.-heimen and
sailor?, hauly, adroit, and wraihei-proof; trimly clad m blue
jackets and"fiowsei>. Tin; (ieraohmfm nuinbeicd, m the
whole, about thuieeii hundred men, all (re-h and full ol
spinK ft very eye hi ndifened a^ they inarched bn>kly along
tiie line with aleit step and checiy a-poct.15'
The boats were placed under their chnrge,
and the army came across the river m safety,
" thanks," says Irving, " to the aid of Glover's
Marblehead men." Of the conduct of these brave
men atthe crossing of the Delaware under theeye
of Washington, Irving speak* in these words:
" BoaN h"ing in iradme*^, ihe noop* began to i-io«n about
sunsi't. The weather was muin>e)y cold ; the wind was
high j the euuent strong, and the nver lull of floating ice.
Colonel Clover, with hid ainphdnouo repiim nt of Maibic-
head ii-hrnnen, was m the advance; the same who had
navigated the autiy aon>-«. the Sound, in in retreat honi
Brooklyn, on Long Island, to NV\v Voik. They wcic men
accustomed to battle with the element ■.; \ of- with all their
skill and experience, the crossing was dilheult and pcul
ouri."
Mr. Sabine, in his report to Secretary Convin,
leaves his testimony to the services of the fisher-
men. He says:
" Weiegaid ti a^ strictly true to say that, without our
fishermen, we could haidly have manned a fngutc, or cap
lured one, during the war of 4I*2. Maihiohead alone fur
lushed nioie men foi the soiviee than -omo whole States.
At the clo^e of the Revolution, thcie woie in that tow n mote
than thhteen huudied widows and fathciless children; in
J81.5, more than five liundied of her citizens were released
from a single Butish prison The men of Maililehead, and
of othei places engaged m the same pursuits, weio in almost
every national or piivate armed ship that bore our Hag. We
are eeitam that they composed a huge pait of the crew of
'Old J roti>idcs,'in her two ouihest victories ; and we be-
lieve that the number was not much diminished when that
favorite ship passed into the hands of See wait and won her
last battle."
I want the Senator from Alabama to understand
that the men whom he strikes at by this propo-
sition, are at least a class of population equal to
any we have in our section of the country. lean
say that in my own State, the people residing upon
Cape Ann and Cape Cod, amounting to about
fifty-five thousand inhabitants, in point of purity
of personal character are unsurpassed by the pop-
ulation of any other section. It was but yester-
day that I read in a paper from my State that the
supreme court opened its term last week, in the
county of Barnstable, that there was not in that
county of forty thousand inhabitants a single case
to go to a jury, and the court remained in session
only six hours. That county of Barnstable seldom
has a criminal case in court—hardly ever has a
criminal in jail, and in point of morals surpasses
any portion of the State in which I live.
Mr. WADE, That is a poor argument to ad-
dress to the lawyers of this Senate. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. Cape Ann, the towns of Glou-
cester and Rockport, with a population of thirteen
thousand, are not more favorable to the lawyers
than Cape Cod. In these towns where they have
more than three hundred fishing vessels, and more
than three thousand fishermen, violations of law
are rare indeed. More crimes are committed in
this city in one day, than have been committed
on Cape Ann and Cape Cod, the homes of these
cod fishermen, during the past quarter of a cen-
tury. This people, law-abiding in peace, patriotic
and brave in war, you noto strike at by this un-
called for measure.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] yesterday
spoke of " robbing" the people of Ohio; " rob-
bing" the men who cultivate her soil, and who
live and fish on the banks of Lake Erie, to pay
these " aristocratic" fishermen who go down in-
to the fogs on the shores of the British posses-
sions. Now, Mr. President, the people of Massa-
chusetts pay annually into the Treasury of the
United States, for the service of your Post Office,
$178,000 more than their own expenses. That
is their contribution; and the people whom the
Senator represents, last year faHed to pay their
own expenses by $200,000.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. WILSON. I have a list, made out by a
colleague of mine, Mr. Davis, a gentleman who
represents the fishermen of Cape Ann and Mar-
blehead and Beverly and Salem, and I find by
this list that the expenses of the Post Office De-
partment in Ohio for last year were $750,862 39,
and that the receipts were $490,323 78; making
£260,538 (il deficiency.
Mr. PUGH. I can explain that. The expenses
charged to the States are charged to the routes of
travel carrying the mail across the States. The
whole western and southern mail passes over the
State of Ohio, and wo are absolutely charged for
the transportation of the mails of all the western
States. That was stated in the report from the
Post Office Department, from which these very
figures come. The mails that go on the railroads
across Ohio from Now York, Philadelphia, and
Baltimoie, westward to Indiana and Illinois, and
to all the cities and States which arc supplied by
the Mississippi river, are all set down to my State,
because we happen to be the place through which
ail these routes pass.
Mr. WILSON. Well,Mr.President,thiaprop-
osition of the Senator from Alabama is sustained
in the Senate chiefly and mainly upon the ground
that it is a local interest—that the people of the
States of Massachusetts and Maine have the ben-
efit of the system. Now, 1 desire to say to the
Senator from Ohio, and to otherSenators, that the
people of Massachusetts and of Maine receive but
little direct benefit in any way from your Govern-
ment. I believe Massachusetts pays at least one
tenth part of the levenues that suppoit your Gov-
ernment. 'I believe New England pays more rev-
enues than the whole fifteen southern States; and
I think that the man who examines the articles
upon which duties are raised, and who knows
where those articles are consumed, and how they
are consumed, will come to thatconclusion. We i
do not regard your tariff laws, as they exist and j
as they are administered, of any special benefit to
us; we donotregard them as protective laws, and
I want Senators to understand this. Sir, we paid
last year more than twelve million dollars on sugar
duties—the duties on $43,000,000 of importations
of sugar into tins country. This is for the pro-
tection of a few hundred men down in the State
of Louisiana; and of that amount Massachusetts
paid more than one million dollars to protect a few
hundred sugar planters in the State of Louisiana.
That is not all. We passed, two or three years
ago, a resolution to send out a vessel to obtain the
cane seed for these sugar planters of Louisiana,
and we spent, 1 think, about fifty thousand dol-
lars to furnish these planters with seed. We made
no complaint of that act. I find by these returns
that the postage expenses for Louisiana were
$523,000 more than the receipts last year, and yet
the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] joins
with the Senator from Alabama in attacking this
fishing-bounty policy, because it is local—con-
fined to Maine and Massachusetts, mainly—when
we of this country pay $12,000,000 to protect the
sugar planters of his State; when we have gener-
ously voted to send out a ship, and spent $50,000
to procure seed for his sugar planters, and con-
tributed out of the general funds of the country a
half million of dollars to pay the pestage, for the
benefit of his people. 1 confess, sir, I did not
expect to find the Senator from Louisiana in the
ranks of the opponents to the fishing bounties.
I find that in the southern States, and in nearly
all the western States, the people do not pay the
expenses of their postage. We of Massachusetts
always pay ours, and we contribute from one hun-
dred and fifty to two hundred thousand dollars to
the general fund of the PostOific-e. We of Massa-
chusetts receive by this fishing bounty the enor-
mous sum of $150,000, annually. It is a small
affair, anyhow. It will injure us, but I do not
believe it will crush our fisheries, or crush our
people, to take it away. We do not depend on
$150,000 bounty from this Government to live in
Massachusetts. I believe it a wise policy to en-
courage the fisheries, that they are a nursery of
good seamen; that from these fisheries are drawn
men who go into the whale fisheries, and into the
commercial marine of the country; and I believe
this policy should be continued.
As a measure of economy, Mr. President, this
repeal amounts to nothing. It is a petty affair
as a measure of retrenchment. If Senators want
to save money, I advise them to revise their col-
lection districts, and to reduce the expenditures
therein. By law we cannot spend more than two
and a half millions in collecting the revenues on
the Atlantic coast. You have increased the ex-
penditures in five years, from Mr. Corwin's time,
eight or nine hundred thousand dollars on your
Atlantic coast. You have added about six hun-
dred men to your collection force. You can re-
duce, if you choose to do it, the expenses of col-
lecting the revenue a million and a half of dollars,
and discharge one thousand men. It can be done,
if Senators wish to curtail the expenditures of the
Government. But, no, sir; when your Secretary
asks to take off the limitation of two and a half
million dollars, and tells us the expenditures
will go up this year to four millions, no effort is
made here to reduce the expenditures in the col-
lection of the revenue of the Government. But,
to save the petty sum of $300,000, you are to strike
down a policy that early received the sanction of
the framers of the Constitution, of the mpn who
organized the Government, and of the eminent
statesmen of the country, from 1789 to the pres-
ent time.
Mr. PUGH. Before the Senatorfrom Massa-
chusetts takes his seat, I hope he will correct a
mistake into which he fell. He says I used the
expression that his constituents had robbed the
people of Ohio. I was confident I had never used
any such expression as that, in relation to any
portion of the people of the United States; and I
find, on looking at my remarks, as reported in the
Globe, that there is no such expression in them.
I have always felt it my duty to restrain any harsh
language towards any portion of the people of the
United States, and I hope the Senator will not
represent me in that light to his constituents.
Mr. WILSON. I do not certainly wish to mis-
represent the Senator, but I understood him to
say, not that our people robbed them, but that the
people there were robbed; and he referred to the
fishermen upon the banks of Lake Erie as making
contribution to these people, whom he designated
as "aristocrats." I may have,been mistaken,
but 1 thought, at the time, that the Senator from
Ohio used language hardly called for by the oc-
casion. I know that that was the sentiment of
some of those around mf>, who thought that the
Senator was rather harsh in his strictures. I do
not certainly wish to misrepresent him, but I
think the Senator is very apt to speak with a lit-
tle degree of harshness on some occasions, and I
thought this was one of those occasions when the
Senator seemed to speak with a great deal of feeling.
Mr. PUGH. I certainly did speak with some
degree of feeling as to the subject; but to show
the Senator how completely he is mistaken, let
me read the paragraph to which he referred. Af-
ter saying that 1 had very great respect for these
people, as industrious and useful citizens, and
stating what they did, I said:
<( That is the sum total of their services ; and you and I,
sir, are asked to levy a tax on our constituents who til) the
soil, who engage in employments equally honoiable and in-
dustrious—I am asked to impose a tax on the tnousands of
my constituents who live along Lake Eue, and catch fish
on which no bounty is paid—foi what ?"
Nobody denies that a tax is levied on us for
