1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G>LOB£.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. ag
that limit, may extend and invigorate trade and
business; when it ceases to be such represent-
ative, it stimulates overtrading, excites specula-
tion, and introduces an unsound state of things
in the business of the country. It is this undue
expansion of credit which has brought the coun-
try to its present embarrassments. The exten-
sion of bank credits and the over-issue of bank
notes, is a part, and a very important.part, of this
undue expansion. A spirit of speculation being
created, a demand is made upon the banks for
the use of their credit, and yielding to the pres-
sure, they respond by the increased issue of their
notes and by enlarging their discounts. The ex-
tent to which the banks have enlarged their credit
beyond its proper limits is not to be measured
alone by the amount of their circulation. At the
time the New York city banks suspended specie
payments in October, they reported a larger
amount of specie in their vaults than their notes in
circulation, and, notwithstanding this fact, they
were unable to meet the demands of their cred-
itors promptly with specie, owing to their credit
operations under their deposit system. Having
extended their own credit, and enabled their cus-
tomers to do the same, they were unprepared for
the revulsion which came upon them. If it be
true that our embarrassments have been occa-
sioned by the cause here assigned, we must look
beyond the action of the banks, to the operations
of other corporations, as well as individuals, to
fathom the entire cause of our difficulties. The
limits of this report will not admit of a detailed
examination of this subject, but a solitary illus-
tration will present the subject m its proper light.
In answer to a circular letter addressed to the
various railroad corporations of the country, the
information contained in table No. 9 has been ob-
tained. Itappears from thisstatementthat the cap-
ital of these companies amounts to $491,435,661,
their indebtedness to $417,243,664. The annual
interest upon the latter sum is $25,093,203, their
annual income was $48,406,488.
It is proper here to remark, that this statement
is not entirely accurate; some of the companies
failed to respond to the circular of the Depart-
ment, and in such cases the returns made by them
during the preceding year, and contained in the
last report of my predecessor, have been used
in the preparation of the table. Whilst it can-
not, therefore, be considered as perfectly accu-
rate, it approximates it sufficiently near for the
illustration of my argument. It exhibits the ex-
tent to which this class of corporations has con-
tributed to that expansion of credit winch is
properly chargeable with the recent revulsion. It
is due to a large class of our railroad companies
to state that this excessive indebtedness is not
equally distributed among them. Some have con-
ducted their business with the utmost propriety
and success, whilst others have so far exceeded
these limits as to present the foregoing aggregate
result of railroad operations in the United States.
The undue expansion of credit, which stimu-
lated in some an eager desire to borrow, and in
others a willing disposition to lend, which engen-
dered schemes of improvident speculation, lead-
ing to rapid fluctuation in prices and habits of
extravagance, I regard as the principal cause for
the embarrassment existing in the commerce of
the country. The only efficient remedy for such
evils is to be found in a return to the prudent
courses and steady habits which, for a time, were
unhappily laid aside. This Government could
do but little towards extricating individuals, cor-
porations, or communities, from the pernicious
consequences of their extravagant expenditures or
ill-conceived enterprises. When credit has been
extended so far beyond the bounds of legitimate
confidence as to create a revulsion m trade, occa-
sioning a fall of prices, and a destruction of pri-
vate credit, a speedy adjustment of the relations
between creditor and debtor by liquidation and
settlement is the surest mode for the restoration
of the equilibrium.
Wild and chimerical speculations will thus have
their termination, industry will be better enabled
to realize its sober expectations, and the sub-
stantial interests of society, being relieved from
the noxious influence of excitement, overaction,
and disorder, will resume their accustomed en-
ergy in communicating a healthful and vigorous
activity to the business of the country. The
proper agency of the Government in such a case
is to remove whatever impediment may exist to
the exertion of the native force of society, and to
extract from the experience they have gained les-
sons to be embodied in wholesome and well-con-
sidered laws to prevent the recurrence of the evil.
It is evident that the great moneyed corpora-
tions created under the laws of the States have
had a controlling influence in the undue expansion
of private credit. In many of the States the legis-
lation in respect to these is stringent, and embodies
many of the safeguards that experience has sug-
gested for their regulation.
But it will not be denied that this legislation has
been nugatory. The State authorities have al-
ready manifested an eager disposition to relieve
them from the penalties they have incurred, and
to dispense, as far as they were able, with the
performance of the obligations they have exacted
from them when they were organized. This has
been done, in some cases, without an inquiry into
their condition or management, or their capacity
to resume their position as solvent institutions, or
even to protect the community from a depreciated
paper currency.
In my judgment, the period has arrived for
Congress to employ the powers conferred by
the Constitution upon it to mitigate the present
evil, and to prevent a catastrophe of a similar
kind in future ; and for this purpose a compul-
sory bankrupt law, to include two classes of
corporations and companies, is necessary. It
should be a law for the protection of creditors,
not the relief of debtois; to prevent improper
credit, not to pay improvident debts; compul-
sory, not voluntary. The effect of such a law
would be felt more in its restraining influence
than in its practical execution.
I do not recommend a law similar to either of
those which have heretofore existed, and were
abandoned after a short and unsatisfactory expe-
rience. The first was adopted on the 4th April,
1800, and was repealed on the 19th December,
3803. It provided for a compulsory process of
bankruptcy against those merchants and com-
mission agents, at the suit of creditors, whose
insolvency had become manifest by certain overt
acts of fraud or defalcation, and effected a collec-
tion and distribution of the estate of the bank-
rupt through the judicial tribunals of the United
States, which wasfollowed by liis discharge from
the debts his estate had not satisfied. The sec-
ond act was passed 12th August, 1841, and was
repealed the 3d March, 1843. This act, besides
the compulsory system of the act of 1800, con-
tained a system of bankruptcy, to be applied on
the petition of an insolvent debtor, of any class
or profession, andrto result in his relief from Ins
debts and engagements, upon the surrender of
his property and compliance with other condi-
tions of the act.
There are grave objections to the present adop-
tion of the systems developed in these statutes.
The voluntary feature of the act of 1841 is re-
jected as unwise, unjust, and unnecessary. It was
this provision which rendered that law so justly
odious in the public mind. Nor do I propose to
extend the provisions even of a compulsory bank-
rupt law to the numerous cases covered by the
act of 1841. It is better to leave to the operation
of the insolvent and bankrupt laws of the several
States all cases which do not, from their magni-
tude and importance, affect the general commer-
cial and business interests of the country. It is
believed that the power of the States is ample to
meet such cases, and the propriety and policy of
exercising such powers will, sooner or later, be
developed by the lessons of bitter experience.
The two cases which it is now proposed to
bring under the operation of a compulsory bank-
rupt law arc banks and railroad corporations.
The immense capital employed by these com-
panies, their controlling power and influence in
the commercial and business operations of the
country, their disposition to expand and enlarge
their credit, and the ruinous effects produced by
their operations when carried beyond legitimate
bounds, impose upon the Government the duty of
providing, by every constitutional means in their
power,for the safe, proper, and legitimate conduct
of such corporations. The facts which are pre-
sented in other portion? of this repprt, develop-
ing the condition and ©iterations o/ tfcess two
classes of corporations,, will fillly justify the pol-
icy now recommended.' The afcyect not to in-
jure them, but to protect the cqmtnuxiity. The
eSect will be to restrain their operations withia
proper limits, and thereby insure to the cpuntry
all the benefits thejf are capable of conferring,
without the accompanying ha^rds of wild spec-
ulation and ruinous revulsions.
In closing my observations on this subject, it is
proper to .state that these recqir menda,tipn3 VS
not formed in any spirit of hostility to these cor-
porations and companies, nor .ftm I insensible of
their vast importance in the cpnwnerciftl system
of the United States, Nor h^ve I any disposition
to denounce any punishment, nor to subject them
to any loss, in the present conjunction of their
affairs. My object is to place them in subjection
to wholesome laws; so that, while the benefits
they yield to the community may be preserved,
their excesses or errors will be counteracted or
prevented.
The details of ^ny act foriped on the principle
I have suggested, should be adopted after an en-
larged inquiry into their condition, and should
embody the roost liberal provisions for the secu-
rity of the rights of the persons interested in them.
A reasonable time should also te allowed to the
corporations which are now in default to reestab-
lish themselves before this act becomes operative.
During this financial crisis and general derange-
ment of the currency, the collection and disburse-
ment of the public revenue have proceeded with-
out loss or embarrassment. The operations of
the Independent Treasury system, in ordinijry
times, had been found by experience eminently
successful. The danger of loss from unfaithful
and inefficient officers, the expense of conducting
its operations without the intervention of bank
agencies, its deleterious effects upon commercial
progress and the general business of the country—
all of which was apprehended by the opponents
of the measure at the time of its adoption—have
been demonstrated to be unfounded. It only re-
mained to encounter a commercial crisis like the
present to vindicate the justice and wisdom of
the policy against all cause of complaint or ap-
prehension. A brief comparison of the opera-
tions of the Treasury Department during the sus-
pension of 1837 and the present time, will place
the subject before the public mind in the most
satisfactory manner.
On the 30th June, 1837, immediately after the
general suspension, the deposit banks held to the
credit of the Treasurer of the United States, and
subject to his draft, the sum of $24,994,158 37—
a larger amount, in proportion to the receipts and
expenditures of the Government, than there was
in the Treasury at the time of the suspension by
the banks the present year. The funds of the
Government being then under the control of the
banks, and they, either unwilling or unable to
pay, the Government was placed in the anomalous
condition of having an overflowing Treasury,
which it was seeking to deplete by distribution or
deposits with the States, and yet unable to meet
its most ordinary obligations. It had either to
make its payments and deposits in the depreciated
currency which suspended banks forced upon the
country, or postpone their payments until, from
its credit or other ordinary resources, it could
command the means for that purpose. It is un-
necessary to detail the expedients to which the
Government was forced to resort at that time.
The embarrassment consequent upon this state
of things will be remembered by those who par-
ticipated in the scenes of that day. It will be
realized by every one from this brief presenta-
tion of it. The effort of the Government to with-
draw its deposits and get control of its funds, was
felt as an additional Mow aimed at the banks.
Every dollar which could thus be drawn from the
vaults of the banks, diminished to that extent
their ability to afford relief to their customers.
Their loans had to be contracted, and the demand
made by them upon their debtors for settlement,
increased the pressure already felt in the money
market, and thereby added to the general panic
and want of confidence, which are the usual
attendants of a monetary crisis. The Govern-
ment was not only ejnbojragsed for the witnt of its
