1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
stitutions adopted without any enabling act. The
enabling act simply directs the mode for the adop-
tion of a constitution in a legal and orderly man-
ner; and, if this is done without an enabling act,
theie can be little or no objection to it. But the
Kansas-Nebraska act was, in every sens_e of the
word, an enabling act. " The Territorial Legisla-
ture, then, in assembling this convention, was
fully sustained by the act of Congress," is the
language used by Mr. Walker; " and that it was
clothed, m the comprehensive language of the or-
ganic law, with full power to call a convention for
the adoption of a State constitution."
This is the opinion of a large majority of those
qualified to judge; and I believe that it was freely
acquiesced in by the Senator from Illinois until
after his return to this city last November. How-
ever this may be, he distinctly and unreservedly
held that opinion in his Springfield speech:
"Kansas is about to speak for heiself through her del-
egates, assembled m convention to form a constitution, pre-
paratory to her admission into the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the original States. The law under which her del-
egates are about to be elected, is believed to be just and
lair in all its objects and provisions. There is every reason
to hope and believe that the law will be fairly interpreted
and impartially executed, so as to insure to every bona fide
inhabitant the free and quiet exercise of the elective fran-
chise.
£< If any portion of the inhabitants, acting under the ad-
vice of political leaders in distant States, shall choose to
absent themselves from the polls and withhold their votes,
with a view of leaving the free-State Democrats iu a mi-
nority, and thus securing a pro-slavery constitution, m
opposition to the wishes of a majority of the people living
under it, let the responsibility rest on those who, lor paiti-
san purposes, will sacrifice the principles they profess to
cherish and promote." * * * * " Upon
them, and upon the political party for whose benefit, and
under the direction of whose leadeis they act, let the blame
be visited of fastening upon the people of a new State insti-
tutions repugnant to their feelings and in violation of their
wishes.
4< The organic actsecuies to the people of Kansas the
sole and exclusive light of forming and regulating their do-
mestic institutions to suit themselves, subject to no other
limitation than that which the Constitution of the United
States imposes."
After alluding to the desire of the Democratic
party to carry out the principles of the organic
act and bring the State into the Union, he says:
" The present election law in Kansas is acknowledged
to be fair and just. The rights of the voters are clearly de-
fined, and the exercise of those rights will be efficiently and
sciupulously protected." * * * * " If such
is not the iesult, let the consequences be visited upon the
heads of those whose policy it is to produce stufe, anarchy,
and bloodshed m Kansas, that their party may profit by
&Iaveiy agitation m the northern States of this Union."
But whether he did or did not so hold in this
case can make no difference. The honorable gen-
tleman's course on the admission of California is
not, and will not be, forgotten. If his position
was right on that subject, it is wrong now; and if
right now, he violated a great principle then. He
can select between them; but one thing is certain,
he cannot reconcile the two positions. He was
the eloquent and powerful advocate in favor of
California's admission. He insisted upon it, well
knowing that there had been noenabhngact, and
that none of the steps usually taken in the forma-
tion of a territorial government, preparatory to its
admission, had been taken. lie well knew at the
time that the convention which formed their con-
stitution had been called by a military officer, with-
out authority, in violation of law, and contrary
to all former practice. In the terse language of
another, the California convention was called by
a brigadier general, by a proclamation written
on the head of his drum. But, more than this,
the honorable Senator could not have been igno-
rant of the fact that that constitution was forced
upon the people of California by a minority of
the legal voters in the district.
On the Gth day of July, 1850, before the admis-
sion of that State, the honorable Senator from
Florida [Mr. Yulee] had the following extracts
from the debates m the California constitutional
convention read in the Senate. (See Appendix to
Congressional Gflobe, Thirty-First Congress, first
session,"page 1168.) Mr. Carillo said that " he
and his colleagues were under instructions to vote
for a territorial organization." Mr. Gwin, the
present distinguished Senator, then said:
"Are we not lieie forcing a State government upon a por-
tion ot the people of California, \vhos-e delegates have, by
then recorded vote*, stated the fact that their constituents
are unanimously against a State government, and in favor
of a terminal ois.uu/atxon "We
all know what 3d" V-0' i>. It is the great bone of contention.
X'.uh of tint line theie w no contest. South of it there is
a contest. If gentlemen will look where this line strikes the
Paeiflfc, they will see that not a solitary vote was cast by a
delegate in the convention south of that line, except those
cast against a State government. The representatives here
from that region are unanimous in their votes against the
establishment of a State government." * * * *
" Not one half of that population knew of this convention,
and still we are forcing this government upon them, and
upon the thousands and tens of thousands who have come
in since the ejection."
But gentlemen may say that this established
the fact that certain parties did not vote for the
constitution, or d^lire it, and not that a majority
did not vote for if. The testimony of the leading
paper, the " Alta California," is directly to this
point. It says:
" To the extent which our returns, up to the present time,
enables us to form an opinion, it is established, beyond a
shadow of doubt, that a minority only of the total number
of voters in the districts heard from is represented by the
official and unofficial returns. For instance: thediatrictof
Sacramento, (taking the vote of the constitution as an ag-
gregate,) polled five thousand six hundred and five votes,
which may be put down as scarcely amounting to one fourth
the number of electors which the district contains." *
* * * " San Joaquin and San Jos£, show nearly
equal deficiencyin the numerical strength of their respect-
ive votes." * * * * Our information, and
it is authoritative, attributes the strength of this vote to the
fact, that in many precincts, remote from the great routes of
travel through the northern country, tbe constitution was
not distributed; that it failed to reach those places, and that
the action of the State convention was not known until
1 within a day or two of the time appointed for holding the
| election." * * * (i It is natural to pre-
] sume that the residents of sections thus situated, feeling ag-
I giieved,have remained away from the polls altogether, and
with the same propriety that others have resisted the con-
stitution, both on the ground of not having seen that instru-
ment."— Appendix to Congressional Globe, page 1168.
These are some of the irregularities in the form-
ation and adoption of the constitution of Califor-
nia. They had no enabling act except the sword
and command of General Riley. Their consti-
tution and State government were adopted in the
convention against the protest of the delegates
from a large section of the territory; and the con-
stitution, when submitted to the people, failed to
receive a majority of the legal votes in the State
or district. In many sections it had not been dis-
tributed; and in others, not in time for them to
read it; and these objections were urged, earnestly
urged, against the admission of the State into the
Union. What did the honorable Senator from
Illinois say on that occasion?
" But there is not an irregularity in the case of California
which has not occuned and been waived in the admission
of t-ome new State into the Union. If the Senatoi will
point me to any irregulai ity m the ea«e of California, I will
point htm to a corresponding one in the case of some other
State which has been received into the Union." *r *
x * "I hold that the people of California had a right
to do what they have done—yea, that they had a moral,
political, and legal light to do all they have done."—Appen-
dix to Congressional Globe, 1850, page 1523.
All these irregularities existed, and the honor-
able Senator was not ignorant of them. He had
examined them fuily,and then and there solemnly
indorsed the whole of them; and what is still
more important in the present connection, he de-
clared that they were neither novel nor important.
I think the honorable gentleman will allow us to
infer that some great change has taken place in
his perceptive powers. In 1850, he could take Cal-
ifornia in, with a free-State constitution—adopted
without an enabling act, and contrary to law, and
forced upon the people by a minority—without
the least compunction of conscience. Now, hu
turns away from the Lecompton constitution—
provided for by the organic law, and adopted ac-
cording to, and under the act of their Legislature,
and iu no particular more irregular than the Cal-
ifornia constitution—with disgust and horror,
crying only, but crying always, "fraud! fraud!
fraud!"
Sir, I desire not to do the honorable gentleman
injustice. I honor his talents, and would be glad
to respect his character; but there is something
inexplicable in his present position. It is a de-
nial of all his past acts—a reversal of his previous
- decisions—a sacrifice of principles which he has
1 so largely contributed to ingraft upon the legis-
lation of the country. Let us hope that thi3 ab-
erration of his may be temporary only, and that
soon his lofty genius will Be revolving in its old
conservative orbit, shedding a broad and certain
light upon liis course, and not the irregular and
uncertain rays which serve only to dazzle and
bewilder.
But, Mr. Chairman, the Republicans object to
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, because that constitution makes no
provision for its change or amendment until 1864.
After the experience .which we have- had in this
country in matters of that kind, and the well-
established principle that the sovereign authority
is vested in the people, we may well doubt their
sincerity. Governor Walker refers to this mat-
ter, in alluding to the arguments of southern gen-
tlemen of leading positions, in his, letter of the
15th of July, 1857. He says, if a constitution is
adopted without submitting it to, the people, the
Republicans—
—" driven by such a course into violent opposition to south-
ern institutions, will elect an Abolition State Legislature,
send two Abolition Senators to the Senate of the Uhited
States, and a member to Congress, entertaining similar sen-
timents ; and that, at a very early period, they would amend
the constitution, and make it hostile, in every respect, to
the institutions of the South. Yet they would have been
admitted as a State, and their power to amend the State
constitution could not be arrested. Thus it would happen
that whilst for a short time Kansas would have a pro-sla-
very constitution on parchment, she would be rendered by
this course, in fact, an Abolition State, opposed to the fugi-
tive slave law, and necessarily pioducing collision with tbe
coterminous State of Missouri."
This language is important, not only so far as
his authority goes, (and no one doubts his abili-
ty,) but it is important as a reflection of southern
views on the power of the people of Kansas to
change their constitution as soon as they are ad-
mitted into the Union. This right and power of
the people cannot be denied. They may change
their constitution peaceably at any time. They
may adopt the mode pointed outby the constitu-
tion for its alteration and amendment; or they
may adopt some other mode equally justifiable,
if not so entirely regular. The Legislatures in the
different States may submit the question to the
people as prescribed in their respective constitu-
tions; or they may submit the question of a con-
vention to the people in any other mode; and if
the people decide in favor of a convention and
elect one, its action will be as legal and binding
upon them as if the exact form or mode prescribed
in the constitution had been observed. It is a
question of formality, not of legality.
The honorable gentleman from rennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow,] to whom I have already alluded, and
for whom I entertain sincere respect, in his speech
of the 30th of June, 1856, says:
" The right of a people to alter or abolish their form of
government is an inherent one, and is classed in the Decla-
lation of Independence as indispensable to the inalienable
rights of man."
The distinguished Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] is still more direct and positive
on this subject. In his speech delivered in the
Senate July 2,185G, he says:
"Mr. President, another and lighter objection has been
urged against my bill, [his bill lor the admission of Kansas
under the Topeka constitution,] namely: that the Topeka
constitution provides that it shall not be changed m les3
than nine years. I do not know this fact, but I am bound
to resume it, on the statement of the honorable Senator
fi om Georgia. My answer is, that I am not responsible for
that provision m the constitution." * * * "I reply
to both of those objections. I take the constitution, as we
must all take it. for better or for worse—just as it is—or we
cannot admit the State at all. The people in new States
make their own constitutions. Our power is limited to the
admission or rejection of a State, whatever its constitution
may be. Again, it is not clear thatthe provision complained
of by the Senator from Georgia will prevent the people of
Kansas from subverting this constitution and establishing a
new one at any time short of the expiration of nine years.
The constitution of the State of New York, established in
1831. provided for alteration only to be made with tbe con-
sent of two successive Legislatures. A paity desiring rad-
ical innovations, and finding it impossible to obtain that
object in the form prescribed in the constituUon, secured a
majority in the Legislature, and, without any constitutional
authority, ca) ried through a law by which proceedings were
instituted for calling a convention, which was subsequently
held,and whichfraineda new constitution. This new con-
stitution being submitted to the people, and approved by
them, in deiogation of the old on«, became, and it yet re-
mains, the supreme law of the land."—Congressional Globe,
page 790.
Mark, the Senator says we must take the con-
stitution just as it is, and admit the State, or not
at all. " The people in new States make their own
constitutions," not Congress. The objection to-
which the honorable Senator referred as of more
weight than the one just answered, was that the
Topeka convention was unauthorized by law.
Hn, however, insists that it was fully authorized
by the practice in such cases; and he refers to the
admission of California, to which 1 have already
alluded.
In this connection, I might quote from the
speech of the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow,] and to those of other leading
