2074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
cause, as it is said, those engaged in it are deriving
bounty from the Government, to which they are
not entitled, that this attack is made. I repeat,
sir, even if those who urge this bill are right in
their claims, had it not better be put off until the
paralysis which is over the industry of the coun-
try shall have been partially relieved ? Is it wise
statesmanship now to prevent men from going on
in a business which, at the best, remunerates to
a very small degree those engaged in it: Is it
wise economy, for the sake of saving $300,GOO to
the public Treasury, to putin peril—for certainly
we must regard it in that light—the business of
the cod fishery? We may save this money; but
if the business is thereby either destroyed or
greatly impaired, will the country be the gainer?
The condition of the public Treasury is urged as
a reason why we should now act with economy.
It is a reason no doubt; but shall we replenish the
public Treasury by discouraging the mdustiy of
the country? On the other hand, Mr. President,
if we are wise, shall we not do all that we can
legally and constitutionally to encourage the in-
dustry of the country, in order that thereby we
may replenish the public Treasury ? How are we
to replenish the Treasury but by encouraging the
industry which lies at the foundation of ail our
prosperity? for it is the labor of the country that
must finally bring us up from the depressed posi-
tion in which we now find ourselves. It is nothing
but labor that is to bring us back again to pios-
perity. Any legislation which serves to stimu-
late and to encourage that labor will serve to re-
plenish the public Treasury; and any legislation
which tends to diminish- the amount of labor, to
discourage any one branch of honest industry,
tends to keep your Treasury as poor as it is, and,
indeed, to make it poorer—to deplete it rather
than to replenish it.
I am persuaded that the honorable Senator from
Alabama, who brings forward this measure, had
he not brought it forward at a former session,
when the country was in a different condition from
what it now is, would have hesitated before bring-
ing it forward at the present time. It originated
with a desire, honestly entertained on his part, no
doubt, of correcting what he considers an abuse,
when the publicTreasury was full, and when all
branches of public business were flourishing. A
policy which might have been very proper then,
maybe very improper now; and I would suggest
to that Senator, and to all who may feel inclined
to discourage the continuance of this law, whether
it would not be better to let the law remain at
least until the business interests of the country
recover to some extent from the shock to which
they have, within the last year, been subjected.
Another reason why, as it serins to me, it is
unfortunate at this time to repeal this law, is found
in the fact that this is said to be a local interest,
in which the inhabitants only of two or three of
the New England States, m the northeastei n sec-
tion of the country, are concerned. I f the encour-
agement, the bounty, if it may be so called, which
has been given to those engaged in this business
is now taken away, at the instance of those who
reside in another section of the country, it will
serve, I apprehend, to keep alive, and perhaps to
increase, a feeling of unkindness, not to say alien-
ation, which I regret to say exists between differ-
ent sections of this country at the 'present time.
It is a fact known to us all, and I trust regretted
by us all, that there is not, between the extreme
sections of this Union, geographically considered,
that degree of cordial feeling, that degree of kind-
ness, that degree of oneness, which is desiiable
in our countiy, and which we should all, 1 trust,
delight to see return again—when there shall be a
feeling of brotherhood between the North and the
Smith, the East and the West, instead of a feeling
of alienation, and, to some extejit, of uukindness
between them.
In this condition of things, and when, as it is
said, measures art? in progress which will bring
about a better state of feeling, it seems to me un-
fortunate that a step should be taken tending to
interrupt this return to good feeling between the
different sections of the country. 1 am aware that,
the Senator from Alabama would disclaim, at least
I presume he would disclaim, any hostility to this
because it is a New England interest—a northern
interest. I take it for granted that that Senator
would say that he proposes to repeal this law be-
cause he believes it is unwise, unjust, perhaps un-
constitutional, to have it remain on our statute-
book, without any reference at all to the locality
which will be affected by the repeal. Still, sir, it is
useless to disguise the fact, known to us all, that
a repeal of this law will be regarded as a blow at
a certain section of this country. It'is asserted
and reasserted that this is a sectional interest.
This law has existed from the foundation of the
Government, in one form or 'another; and at the
present time, with a feeling notaltogether kindly
between the different sections of the country, if
one section makes, I will not say an attack upon
the interests of another section, but introduces a
bill, the direct effect of which is to strike a blow
at the prosperity of another section of the coun-
try, does it not look, and will not the people re-
gard it as the action of one section against another
section of the country? And although we may,
in all sincerity and in all truth, avow that we have
no feeling of this kind, shall we induce the peo-
ple of the whole country to believe that we are
entirely truthful in,our assertion that we are cor-
recting an abuse, and have no desire at all to
show to one section of the Union, that for the time
being we can legislate for ourselves and legislate
againstyou?
A consideration of this sort may be regarded as
very trivial and unimportant by some, but it seems
to me it is hot altogether so. It is better, I think,
that we should continue a law so old and so time-
honored as this, rather than repeal it; whereby
we save the sum of $300,000 a year to the public
Treasury, at the expense of awakening a feeling
such as this to which I have called attention. I
do not say that the people of New England will
be enraged or will be provoked to any revenge or
any hostility toward any section of the country
because of the repeal of this law. I do not believe
they will. The amount involved in the question
is not large enough to have such results in its train;
and really, when we look at it, the fact that it is
so small makes it, therefore, rather more a matter
of pride and of feeling that this lav/should stand.
We look upon it—at least 1 think our people will
look upon it as being, in some quarters, (certainly
I chaige no gentleman here with such a desire,)
actuated by a design to do what some would call
paying back to one section something which they
may have done or said or expressed in regard to
another section—a sort of retaliatory measure, a
system of " if you say harsh things of us, and if
you do luush things toward us, we will say and
we will do harsh things toward you." That will
be the leading which many men will give of legis-
lation of tins description; nnd even granting that
it is entirely a mistaken or a false view, shall we
be gainers by saving $300,000 to the public Treas-
ury when we send abroad such an impression as
that?
There arc other facts in connection with this
matter which, it appears to me, ought to induce
us to pause before taking a step of this descrip-
tion. The history and traditions connected with
our fisheries have given them a degree—I will not
say of veneration befoic the public eye, but a de-
gree of legard, nnd a home m the affections of the
people of the United States, which will not look
favorably on a blow at their prosperity. If we
go back as early as the colonial period of our his-
tory, we find that those who were engaged in the
fisheries were among our most valuable and esti-
mable citizens in war and in peace. The taking
of Louisburg from the French, that enterprise
which was complimented so warmly by Lord j
Chatham in the English Parliament, was achieved ■
very much by the aid of fishermen of New Eng- j
land. In the revolutionary war, not only on the j
ocean, but on the land, the services of Hio New
Enghnu fishermen were most efficient and most !
valuable. The passage of the Delaware, which !
lives on the canvas as weli as m the memories of;
the American people, was due to the energy and j
courage of the fishermen of the New England j
States. Washington and his army, in ah human
probability, would not have passed the Delaware
river on that cold and ^leak December night, had
it not been for the courage and skill of the fish-
ermen of Nc-w England who formed part of his
army. That was the testimony borne by Gen-
eral Knox, whose testimony is certainly to be re-
ceived as authentic on that subject.
In the last war with Great Britain, the services
of the fishermen were of the same character.
They have been alluded to. The glorious old
frigate Constitution, whose name is scarcely to
be mentioned without reverence, owes the sanc-
tity and glory which attach to her to the fisher-
men of New England. More than seventy of the
common sailors on board that ship when, under
the command of Commodore Hull, she took the
British frigate Guerriere, were freeholdersof Mas-
sachusetts; a large majority of the crew were fish-
ermen. And that action, so gallant and so glo-
rious, had it not been for these fishermen, either
would never have bepn fought at all, or its result
would have been very different from what it was.
It was because of the coolness, the skill, the cour-
age of these fishermen, that, when Commodore
Hull laid his frigate alongside of the Guerriere,
within thirty minutes after her first gun was fired
every spar was shot out of the Guerriere but her
bowsprit. That was gunnery, the gunnery of
New England fishermen. None such was ever
shown before to the world, and nothing superior
to it can be pointed out anywhere to-day.
In view of facts such as these, it seems to me
that we ought not to lay a heavy hand on the suc-
cessors of such men. It is true most of these men
4have passed away. Commodore Hull and his
'brave crew are no longer among us, or but few of
them remain. But, sir, their successors live to-
day—men who are ready to emulate their (feeds—
ready whenever their country calls. In any wise
and real exigency the successors of those men will
prove themselves worthy of their ancestry. A
blow at them ought to be felt not only at their
homes and firesides but over the country, for their
glory is a common glory to the nation; it is not
bounded by State or sectional lines.
The general merits of this question have been
discussed by the honorable Senators from Maine,
with such fullness that it would be superfluous
forme to add adythingatall—indeed, I think I
could not add to what they have said. On wjiafc
particular grounds this law was passed,originally,
whether in consequence of the consumption of
foreign salt, or as a means of sustaining a nursery
for seamen, or for other grounds, or for the whole
taken together, is not, in my opinion, a point of
very much importance now. The law has be-
come sanctioned by time. The business has not
been so productive, nor does it promise to be so
productive, that there is any danger that it will
be a burden on the Treasury. The fact that the
business is now barely a remunerative one, is suf-
ficient to prove to my mind that if we take away
the little benefit which this law gives, the business
will certainly be diminished. The honorable
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] took, I
think, a very correct view'of the question, when
he said that possiblyasmany fish might be caught
if this bill were to become alawas though itshould
not become a law; but instead of the fish being
caught by American fishermen, the strong prob-
ability to his mind was, that the business would
pass into the hands of the British provinces; that
their fisherm sn, instead of the American fisher-
men, would, under the operation of the recipro-
city treaty, be enabled to supply the fish in Ameri-
can markets so as almost to exclude the American
fishermen from the ocean; and the result in that
pointof view would he really to strike outthis as
an American interest from existence.
Well, sir, if that is the alternative, if we are to
lose the benefit which results to the country from
the continuance of the cod fishery, can we afford
to do that for the sum of $300,000 per annum ?
Suppose, however, we do not lose it, but it is
simply impaired one fourth, one half, or any other
fractional proportion: will the amount of money
we shall save to the Treasury be any compen-
sation even for the loss to that extent?
The honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Benjamin] remarked that if he were satisfied that
the repeal of the law would, to any considerable
extent, impair the prosperity of this interest, he
would not vote for the bill. Now, I think it is
perfectly apparent that the passage of this bill
must tend to diminish the number of men and
the amount of tonnage engaged in this business.
How far it may diminish them is of course a
question which experiment only can determine;
but that it will diminish them to some extent
seems to me as clear as any mathematical prop-
osition. Who can doubt that many men now go
into this business because, under the law, a cer-
tain amount of reward is secured to them ? If
men hesitate whether or not they will engage in
