1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W5
this business when they have a'fixed certain sum
which they are to receive if they do go into it,
will not all those men who hesitate now, decide
not to go into if if you take away this security,
even although it may be a small one ? The amount
which each man receives is certainly small, but it
iscnough to make the difference between his going
and not going, when, without this amount of
bounty, he hesitates whether to go or not. If the
honorable Senator from Louisiana, therefore,
looks at this question with the usual discrimina-
tion and judgment that he exercises on subjects
before us, it seems to me that in the light of the
principle to which he alluded he cannot hesitate
to vote against the passage of this bill.
Nor, Mr. President, can this be viewed, it strikes
me, altogether so much a local interest, taking it
in all its bearings, as gentlemen seem disposed to
consider it. It would seem, I agree, that the State
of Louisiana had but little interest 111 the amount
of bounty which may bo paid to the citizens of
Connecticut and Massachusetts for engaging in
the cod fishery; but if the paymentuf that bounty
tends to make fish cheaper to the consumer, and
the inhabitants of Louisiana a'-e consumers of-, ,(Ul,u «i.w ,,w ^ ... m,
fish, certainly all those who are consumers of tlmm; fleers and men, who for sixty hours remained
commodity save the difference between the price^ : deckdoino- dutvuninferrnntedlv.'succeeded in<
of the fish caught, under such circumstances, and
the price they would have to pay if there was no
bounty given for the catching of fish. The con-
sumption of cod fish is very general over the coun-
try, not to a very great extent—that I do not claim
— but I am sure that the consumption, to a certain
extent, is vei y general in all sections of the coun-
try. The benefits of cheap fish are alike diffused
over the country. If the tendency of this law is
to increase the number of fish caught, the result
must be a corresponding cheapness in the pric^;
and under these circumstances the benefits of
cheap fish are shared, not by the New England
States alone, but by the whole country; i nd I am
by no means sure that the consumption of fish is
not as great in Louisiana as it is in Connecticut,
in proportion to the population. Indeed I should
be mistaken if it was not greater.
As the policy of continuing the present system
in reference to the piospenty of oui Navy and of
our country for the future, it seems to me there
can be but one opinion on that subject. I am
aware that the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affails [Mr. Matloiiv] yester-
day expressed the opinion thai these fishermen,
generally, did not and would not enter into the
iiacal service. Sir, dmmg the war with Great
Britain, in 1812, it is agreed that they did enter
into the naval service, and it is agreed that their
skill and courage contributed, in a high degree,
to give to the American Navy its present renown.
No doubt in time of peace the New England fish-
ermen do hesitate before entering the naval ser-
vice of the country, and but few of them actually
enter it; but let there come a war which touches
the hearts of the sailors of ourconntry, as the war
of 1812 did, and, my word for it, the decks of all
our national ships would be provided with Amer-
ican sailors, thorough, efficient, able men, who
would sustain the honor of the flag as it was sus-
tained under Hull. Bambridse, and Decatur, and
their glorious compeers. There is no question i
but that, let "free trade and sailors'lights" be |
on the banneragam, as it was in the war of *3812, :
and every American sailor will be found at his j
post discharging his duty gloriously. _ !
The honorable Senator from Florida is m utaken 1
when he says that these fishermen would nor go •
into the Navy. Ke agreed, however.as I under- ;
stood him, that they probably woul 1 enter l\y pn- '
vateenng service. Granting that, he gi ants all that '
I wish to claim in regard to tho policy of con turning
our present law; for, if these men would-enter the
privateering service, they would do thecountiy
perhaps as much good as they could on board our ,
national vessels. Mow was the privateering s"r~
vice m the last war? There was no wa nt of sailors ;
in our national ships; they weie well provided
with American sailors. The services rendered on ;
boaid our pnvateers were very efficient and most ;
valuable, and the ability, the courage, the skill, !
witnessed on board American privateers compare ;
fjvoiably with the actions fought by our national .
shins, "allant a*5 umy were. Yv nat action lought
by a national shop can bo named as exceeding m i
skill and courage the action on boaid the piiva- ;
teer General Armstiong, about which this Con- :
j gress has had occasion to hear somewhat, and will
, perhaps hear moie? That was an action in which
i New England fishermen were concerned, and no
! more glorious action was fought during the war.
So it will be again, sir, I hazard nothing in saying
■ so, because we can only pronounce of the future
by the past.
; A word now in regard to what fell from the
; honorable Senator from Alabama, in respect to
] the skill of these men as sailors. He said that
! they are wanting m the skill that makes men sail-
| ors on board large ships; and that their experi-
i ence on board fishing vessels docs not make them
competentsailors. Sir, the past bears different tes-
timony; and 1 have alluded, and various Senators
i on this floor have alluded to the frigate Constitu-
| tion, and the glorious actions fought on board
j thatship. On one occasion,when that ship,under
I the command of Commodore Hull, was almost,
j surrounded by a British fleet, in great danger of
i capture, snd apparently almost in the power of a
! hostile squadron, she was extricated from her per-
! ilous condition by the skill and seamanship of her
■ officers and crew—such skill and seamanship as
the woild has perhaps never witnessed. The of-
on
deckdoing duty uninterruptedly,'succeeded in ex-
i tricatmg thatship from aBritish squadron,under
circumstances which make the seamanship of >
; Commodore Hull and his gallant crew equal in re- ;
' nown to the glory acquired in fighting the Guer- j
j nere, or any other vessel that she fought during i
| the war. The honor of the achievement has been j
i a matter, to some extent, of fuendly dispute be- j
, tween the friends of Commodm-e Hull and of his ;
first lieutenant then—the Lite Gommodoie Moms.
! VvV of Connecticut looked upon the conUovtisy
' with mote complacencythan most States; bccause
1 whether it were accorded to the one or the other,
it came to one of our own high! v est'-emed citizens.
:■ But the men—and the men after all must be our
j! reliance in an exigency—were New England fish-
i ermen.
j! Now, sir, without tiring the patience-of the
| Senate, I must say that when an attack is made
|' on a system which has had the sanction o> so
j, many years, which has ' ertamiy been productive
I' of it suits so valuabhj. and when such n movement
I at the present tune must be followed by disaster
! to the interest l'sclr, and as u seems to me the
! v/ho> countiy, 1 couid not give a srent vo'e on
' tins Question. Senators have alluded to tins bill
! as one tint is destined to pass. It may be so; but
i! I hope not. 1 hope there is no such pivJe of onm-
j' ion or prid-"1 of success as will induce gentlemen
I to press this measuic agamst their better judg-
i, men is and better feelings If during another Con-
, grtss or on another occasion, and that within a
i short time, it shall seem expedient or best to pass
'' it, be it so; but I submit to Senators, in all can-
j dor, that this is a most unfortunate time. It will
II certainly have a discouraging effect upon tho
: country—most discouraging. While all branches
of public and private industry are suffering, and
while therefore more men are probably about to
ernbaik in fishing this spring than heretofore, to
have this bill passed taking away the little pit-
tance which has been given to those engaged in
this business, serins to me cold and unfeeling on
the paitin the Go\e muenf. It seems to me liiat
all we shall s.ive by it will be worth to us not half
what it costs.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President 
Mr. TOO MRS. Will the Senator allow me a
moment:
Mr. CLAY. I believe the Senator rises to what
may be ><jg:irded as a puvileged question.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes sir. -
Mr. CLAY. I g.ve way.
SHNATORS FROM MTWHSOTA.
Mr. TOOMBS. I present the credentials of
sent tn
Senator  jJect from the
! move that he be sworn
Ron. liE>;itY M. Ricr
State of Mmne^'ta; am
and admitted to his seat
Mr. HARLAN. Before that motion is put, I
have a statement of facts that 1 desire to make to
the Senate.
The Pit ESI DING 0 FFICKR, (Mr. Sti-aut in
the chair.) Does the Senator desire to make his
statement before ihe credentials are read?
Mr. HAUL VN. No. sn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the credentials.
The credentials were read; being a certificate
signed by the Speaker of the House of Represent- .
atives and the President of the Senate of Mmne-
| sota, that at an election held in the Capitol of the
1 State of Minnesota, at St. Paul, by the Senate and
| House of Representatives of that State in joint
j convention on-the 19th day of December, 1857,
i Henry M. Rice was duly elected a Senator to
i represent the State of Minnesota m the Senate of
! the United States.
! Mr. TOOMBS. I now move that the oath be
| administered to Mr. Rice, and that he be admit-
i ted to his seat.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
I is on the motion which has just been made by
! the Senator from Georgia. *
i Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the settlers j
\ on Fort Crawford Reservation, in the State of
: Iowa, allege that they have been defrauded by
1 Air. Henry M. Pace, as agent of Hon. John B.
Floyd, Secretary of War, in the sale of their
' claims as settlers on said reservation, namely;
]. That said Secretary of War instructed Henry
1 M. Rice to sell to the settlers on said reservation
i their claims at §1 25 per acre; that said Pwice re- 4
quired .said settlers to pay for their claims at the
j rate of $1 50 per acre, and receipted to them, on
, the payment of said §1 50 per acre, for but $1 25
per acre, and refused to receipt to them for the
remaining twenty-five cents per acre received of
them by him, as aforesaid.
: ;2. That sundry cases in which settlers applied
i to said Rice for leave to enter their said claims,
■ he referred tjiem to his clerk, who charged them .
fees varying from ten to eighty dollars each, in
addition to the said §1 50 per acre, for leave to
purchase their said claims; that these fees were
charged and received by the said Rice, corruptly,
" as said settlers believe, thiough the interposition
: of his clei k.
1 3. That said Rice negligently failed to give said
!' settlers reasonable notice of the time of said sale.
I and thereby subjected them to the necessity of
! borrowing money, at enormous rates of interest,
{ with which to purchase their said claims.
4. That said Rice defrauded one of said settlers
!■ of his right to purchase his claim, under the in-
i1 slruction of the 'Secretary of War, by surrepti-
. tiously securing from him a quit-claim to a part
of the land embraced in said claim.
These statements are contained in sundry pa-
1 pers which J have in my hand, including a peti-
tion from these settlers for rediess. The petition-
era ask that the extra twenty-five cents an acre
! may be refunded to them. The facts are also set
forth m a \erbal statement made to my colleague
and myself here, and to one of our colleagues in
the HoTise of Representatives, by an agent of these
> settlers, sent hero to repiesent their interests. I
■ know not what course ought to be pursued. I am
•, informed by my colleague in the other House,
i who represents that part of the State of Iowa, that
j] these persons are credible men; that he would lely
! on their statements. It is certainly due to them,
! and perhaps due also to the Senator elect from
Minnesota, that some opportunity should be
| given for the examination of this allegation of
■ facts, that if true, the Senate may know that they
: are true; and if not true, thattheSenator elect may
: purge, himself from the odium implied.
Sir, 1 scarcely know what coursc to pursue. I
; know not whether it would now be m order to ob-
; ject to tho swearing in of the member, or whether
| that would comport with the rules of the Senate.
I remember that the late distinguished Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] said that m a
; ease similar to this—provided these facts weie
\ true—he would object at the threshold to a mem-
| ber being sworn in. It has, however, been stated
I bv other nx-nibers of the Senate, and by those on
; whom the & .mute lelies on questions o t constitu-
tional law, that no objection should be made on
the presentation of credentials. I therefore bring
these facts to tlvj notice of th$ Senate; but l shall
make no moimn myself.
Mr. TOOMBS. 'I have no comment whatever
■ to make on this extraordinary proceeding of the
: Senator from Iowa. The credentials of tiie Sen-
ator from Minnesota having been produced, I
have moved that he be sworn in, and admitted to
his seat.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
The ViCE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
j: from Mississippi pause for a moment? The Chair
