1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
of bullion choose to export it in the form of fine
bars, they should be at liberty to exercise that
option; but they should not be allowed a pre-
mium of one half per cent, upon such as is with-
drawn for exportation, which is the effect of im-
posing that duty on that bullion which is coined,
and exempting, as is done by the section of the
act of March 3, 1853, referred to, that which is
withdrawn in the form of fine bars. I accord-
ingly recommend that the original provision of
the sixth section of the act of February 21,1853,
be restored.
By the act of March 3, 1857, amendatory of
" An act to provide for the better organization of
the Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keep-
ing, transfer, and disbursement of the public rev-
enue," it was provided *4 that each and every
disbursing officer or agent of the United States,
having any money of the United States intrusted
to him for disbursement, shall be, and he is
hereby, required to deposit the same with the
Treasurer of the United States, or with some one
of the assistant treasurers or public depositaries,
and draw for the same only in favor of the per-
sons to whom payment is to be made in pursu-
ance of law and instructions, except when pay-
ments are to be made in sums under twenty dol-
lars, in which cases such disbursing agent may
check in his own name, stating that it is to pay
small claims."
The object of this provision of law was to pro-
tect the Government from the improperuse of the
Fublic funds in the hands of disbursing officers,
t was the desire of the Department to carry it
out to the fullest extent that it could be done. An 1
enforcement of its provisionsaccordmgtoits letter !
was impracticable. It would have required a con- '
siderable increase of the clerical force of different ,
offices, for which no provision had been made by J
Congress, and in some of the Departments a com- j
pliance with its requirements was impossible, j
Payments by the disbursing officers of the Army |
and Navy, as well as payments by a portion of ;
such officers in the Interior Department, could 1
not be made in the mode pointed out. Pursers
in the Navy, settling with the officers and crew
of a vessel in foreign ports; paymasters in the
Army, at remote points from any public depos- '
itory; disbursing agents, charged with the pay- j
ment of Indian annuities, could not discharge ;
their duties if a literal compliance with this law !
had been required. Regarding the object of the !
law as wise and proper, and feeling bound to
enforce it to the utmost extent of my power, I 1
caused circulars Nos. S2 and 3, appended to this i
report, to be issued to the various public depos- 1
itaries and disbursing agents of this Department,
by which it will be seen that the object of the ,
law has been carried out, and in the mode pre-
scribed, as far as it was possible to do so. It is
believed that the regulations thus adopted will
effectually secure the object which Congress had ,
in view in the passage of the act of March 3,
1857, and I would recommend that the law be so
amended as to conform to these regulations. At
all events, some legislation is absolutely neces-
sary on the subject, and I would ask the early
attention of Congress to it.
The sum of $2,500 was appropriated at the last
session of Congress " to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause such experiments and anal-
yses of different beds of ore as to test whether any
of such ores, in their native state, possess alloys
that will resist the tendency to oxydize to a greater
extent than others, and to ascertain under what
circumstances they are found, and where, in order
to facilitate the proper selections of iron for public
works." To carry out the object in view, I caused
circulars to be'sent to all iron-masters whose names
could be ascertained, soliciting specimens of ore
and iron, and calling for information pertinent to
the subject; and, in compliance with the request,
already a large number of specimens have been
received and are being received daily. The speci-
mens are accompanied by letters manifesting great
interest in the result, and communicating much
valuable information in relation to the production
of iron, which has become one of thegreatnational
industrial interests. So soon as the specimens are
all received and arranged, and the information
which accompanies them has been abstracted and
collated, a competent chemist or metallurgist will
be employed to make the experiments and anal-
yses. Conclusive evidence has already been
received that a decided difference in the suscepti-
bility of different irons to oxydize does exist, and
it is hoped that the proposed analyses will dis-
cover the cause. However, should the experi-
ments fail in this respect, they will at least show
the localities from which the least oxydizable iron
can be procured. Some idea may be formed of
the"importance of being able to discriminate be-
tween irons as to their susceptibility to oxydize,
from the fact that the quantity used by the Gov-
ernment, in this Department alone, since January,
1852, exceeds forty million pounds; and the Navy
and War Departments may each safely be put
down for equal amounts. The use of iron capa-
ble of resisting oxygen, for rigging, anchors,
chain-plates, sheathing, &c., in our commercial
marine, would bo immense.
In accordance with the authority vested in the
Secretary of the Treasury, by the joint resolu-
tion approved February 26, 1857, to provide for
ascertaining the relative value of the coinage of
the United States and Great Britain, and fixing
the relative value of the unitary coins of the two
countries, I appointed Professor J. H. Alexan-
der, of Baltimore, commissioner to confer with
the proper functionaries in Great Britain in re-
lation to some plan or plans of so mutually ar-
ranging, on the decimal basis, the coinage of the
two countries, as that the respective units shall
hereafter be easily and exactly commensurable.
Professor Alexander is now in London, and I
expect the result of his mission will be embodied
in a statement and report from him at an early
day, which will be laid before Congress as soon
as received.
The joint resolution to prevent the counter-
feiting the coins of the United States, approved
February 2(j, 1857, empowered the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause inquiry to be made, by
two competent commissioners, into processes
and means claimed to have been discovered by
J. T. Barclay, Esq., for preventing the abrasion,
counterfeiting, and deterioration of the coins of
the United States, Under said authority, I ap-
pointed Professor Henry Vethake and R. E.
Rogers, of Pennsylvania, and directed every
facility to be afforded them at the Mint, in
Philadelphia, to pursue their investigations. I
anticipate, at an early day, to communicate the
results of the said inquiry to Congress, with my
i opinion as to the piobable value of the alleged
i discoveries.
| In the settlement of the accounts of the Clerk
j of the House of Representatives by the account-
, ing officers of the Treasury, a question arose as
| to the power of the two Houses of Congress over
their respective contingent funds. Under resolu-
tions passed by the House of Representatives,
the Clerk had paid certain sums to different em-
ployes of the House for extra services rendered
by them, and the question was presented to me
whether he could be allowed credit for such pay-
ments in view of the provisions of the act of
March 3, 1845, which was evidently intended to
prevent the application of the contingent fund of
the two Houses to such purposes. My opinion
was, that the act of March 3, 1845, was still in
force in this respect, and I accordingly held that
the credits could not be allowed. The reasons
- for that opinion arc so fully stated in my letter of
, June 30, 1857, to the First Auditor of the Trcas-
; ury—a copy of which accompanies this report,
I marked 11—that it is unnecessary again to discuss
j1 the question. In conformity to the suggestions
'■> of that letter, and for the reasons therein given,
ii I recommend the passage of a law for the relief
i of the parties who ha\e acted under the different
construction placed upon the iasv by this Depart-
!] ment.
ji By the act of February 5, 1857, the President
j] was authorized "to procure, by purchase or
ji otherwise, a suitable steamer as a revenue cut-
!; ter," and for that purpose the sum of $150,000
■ i was appropriated. Under this authority propo-
, sals were invited for the building of such a ves-
,i sel,andtho contract awarded to Mr. William H.
Webb, of New York. He is progressing rapidly
with the work, and it is believed that the vessel
will bo ready for service by the 1st of February,
1858. The character of the contractor, and the
care and energy which have been displayed so
far in the construction of this steamer, justify the
opinion that, when, completed, it will be a vessel
that will do credit to the service. The whole
expense of building and equipping the steamer
will be within the appropriation made by Con-
gress.
The report of the engineer in charge of the
Bureau of Construction is herewith submitted,
marked 12. It will give a detailed statement of
the expenditures in that branch of the public ser-
vice. There are interesting facts set forth in this
report, which should not fail to attract the atten-
tion of Congress. By reference to the tables ac-
companying the report, the number of public
buildings erected prior to 1850, and their cost,
will be shown; also the number authorized to be
erected since that time, as well as the propositions
which have been urged upon Congress for the still
further enlargement of the system. In view of
these facts, it is submitted that Congress should
either return to the practice of the Government
prior to 1850, or else adopt a system that would
do justice to the different sections of the country.
If these public buildings are to be erected to the
extent indicated by the legislation of the last few
years, not only justice to the different sections of
the country, but economyand the public interest
require that they should be subjected to a system
which will guard the pablic interest against the
unwise expenditures likely to be incurred from
the present mode of legislating on the subject.
No public building should be authorized until an
official report has been made to Congross showing
the necessity for its erection, and its cost.
The suggestions made in the report of the en-
gineer, on the propriety of systematizing this
class of business, are commended to the consid-
eration of Congress. Before, however, adopting
the late legislation on this subject as the fixed
policy of the Government, it would be well to
consider the expense which such a system will
permanently entail upon the Treasury. The
number of custom-houses, court-houses, and post
offices which would be called for can hardly be
computed with accuracy.; but our general inform-
ation on the subject is sufficient to justify the
opinion that it would be attended with an expense
which would never be compensated for in any
advantages to the public servicc. My own opinion
is decidedly against the system; but if Congress
adopts it, l am desirous of placing it upon the
most just and economical principles.
Among the tables accompanying this report, I
especially call the attention of Congress to No.
13, giving a detailed account of the expenditures
and receipts of the marine hospital fund for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen in the ports of
the United States for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1857.
The relief afforded at the hospitals belonging
to and under the charge of the Government is no
greater than at other points, whilst the expense
is much larger. This is attributable, in a gruat
measure, to the unwise location of some of the
hospitals, though there are, doubtless, other
causes which contribute to that result. The
propriety of dispensing with these public hos-
pitals, and returning to the system which still
exists at most of our ports for the disbursement
of the marine hospital fund, is commended to the
favorable consideration of Congress.
Having called on the President of the Louis-
ville and Poitland Canal Company for a report
of its condition, I herewith transmit the response
of that officer, marked 14, from which Congress
can decide whether further legislation on that
subject is advisable.
The report of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey will be submitted to Congress at an early
day. It will give a statement of the operations
of that branch of the public service, showingthe
progress which has been made in it during the
last fiscal year. Every reduction in the expend-
itures of this service has been made consistent
with its prosecution on the present scalc.
The reports of the First, Second, Third, Fourth,
Fifth, and Sixth Auditors, and of the First and
Second Comptrollers, the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and those of the Treasurer, Solicitor, and
Register of the Treasury, (marked from A to L,
inclusive,) are herewith submitted. They give
