1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and valleys yet refechowith the sounds of martial music,
and the camson'd roar, from that aimy, which, under the
lead of oui great Washington, on yonder eminence, fought
the battle of White Plains, in our great revolutionary strug-
gle for freedom, the Constitution, the Union, and all the po-
litical and civil blessings we enjoy. As a native of this
county, for I am a native, and to the manner born, having
been born on the manor of Fordham—though this was an
accident over winch I had no control, and upon which I
base no claim—I, in common with most of the people of the
North, am in favor of the admission of Kansas as a free
State ; and I will, if elected your Representative in Con-
gress, (as I intend to he.) do all in my power, without in-
fringing upon the rights and privileges of other members of
the Confederacy, to promote the admission of Kansas as a
free State, fully indorsing, however, the right of the people
of the Territories, under legal and constitutional regula-
tions, to form their own organic laws, and to regulate their
domestic institutions tn accordance with the provisions of
the Constitution."
After this enunciation of my views to the rep-
resentatives of my constituency in convention, I
submit whether there is an honorable gentleman
upon this floor who, if he were in my position,
could act otherwise.than I intend doing? and
whether, if I violated my pledges thus voluntarily
made, I could return to that independent and in-
telligent constituency, without being fairly charge-
able with being false to my professions in conven-
tion and upon the stump, where I asserted that I
would never support the admission of Kansas as
a State, under any constitution, unless satisfied
that it had been fairly submitted to all the bona
fide voteis of Kansas, and that it represented the
will of a majority of her people ? I now propose
to argue the question of the admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution, in its moral,
legal, and political aspect, and to show that a de-
cent respect for the principles of the party enun-
ciated at Cincinnati, the letter of acceptance of Mr.
Buchanan, the instructions to Governor Walker,
the inauguial of Governor Walker, which was
submitted to the President and his Cabinet before
he proceeded to the Territory, made it the duty of
the President to his party, and the nation at large,
to see that the will of the majority is respected in
Kansas, and that it is not admitted asa State until
the constitution has been submitted to the people
and approved by them. The ollowing resolution,
from the Cincinnati platform, will show the posi-
tion of the party on the question:
"3. That, by the uniform application of the Democratic
principle 10 the oigamzation of Territories, and the admis-
sion of new StateV, with or without slavey, us they may
elect, the equal rigbu of all the States will be pieserved
intact, the ouginal compacts of the Constitution maintained
inviolate, and the perpetuity and expansion of the Union in-
sured 10 its utmost capacity of embracing, in peace and har-
mony, eveiy future American State that ipay be constituted
or annexed with a republican form of government. That we
recognize the light of the people of all the Territories, in-
cluding Kansas and Nebraska, acting through the legally and
fairly-expressed will of the majority of the actual le&idents,
whenever the number of the inhabitants ju>tifies it. to form
a constitution with or without domestic slavery, and be ad-
mitted into the Uinon upon terms of peireet equality with
the othei States."
I also beg leave tosubmitthe extracts to which
I allude from the President's inaugural, his in-
structions to Governor Walker, and the inaugural
and letter of resignation of Governor Walker:
" It is the imperative and indispensable duty of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to secure to every resident in-
habitant the free and independent expiession of ins opinion
by his vote."—Prc^ulont Uuchaium's Iimnoural.
1 accepted fthe appointment of Governor of Kansas] on
the expiess condition that! should advocatethesubnnssion
of the con>utuuon to the vote of the people for ratification
or lejcetimi.
'•These views were clearly undeistood by the President
and all hi* Cabinet. They were distinctly set forth in my
letter of acceptance of thid office of tho OSth of Ataich last,
and reiterated in my inaugural address of the 27ili ot May
last, a* follows:
" k Indeed ) c.mnntdoubt that the convention, after having
franu'd a State constitution, will submit it tor latitication or
lejection by a majoniy of the then actual bona fule lesident
settlers of Kan^a^.
li '• With these viewH well known to the President and
Cabinet, and approved by them, 1 accepted the appointment
of Governoj oi Kansas.1'*—Governor Walkeih Resigna-
tion.
I lopeat. then, as my clear conviction, that unless the
convention submit the constitution to the vote of all the act-
ual resident settleis of Kansas, and the election be fairly
and justly conducted, the constitution will be, and ought to
be, ie]i:ct'.'d by Tenure^ "—Governor H'alker^s Inaugural
Jlddrc-s to Kansas.
'• When such a constitution shall be submitted to the peo-
ple of the Temto'-v. they must be pioiected in the exercise
of then* r< 'fit of votm<ijoi or against that instrument; and
the fair expression oi the popular will must not be inter-
rupted by lraud or violence."—Buchanan** Instructions to
Walker. x , .,
" fn my official du-patcli to youol 2d June last, a copy ot
that inaugural addius-* wa-5 transmitted to >ou tor the fur-
ther mf'oimaiion of tin* President and his Cabinet. I\o ex-
ception was ever taken to any portion of that address, un
the contrary, it is distinctly admitted by the President in his •
message, with commend able frankness, that my instructions
in favor of the submission of the constitution to the vote of
the people were ^general and unqaaltfied.' By that inau-
gural and subsequent addresses, I was pledged to the peo-
ple of Kansas to oppose by all 1 lawful means' the adoption
of any constitution which was not fairly and fully submitted
to their vote for ratification or rejection. These pledges I
cannot recall or violate without personal dishonor and the
abandonment of fundamental principles, and therefore it is
impossible for me to support what is called the Lecompton
constitution, because it is not submitted to a vote of the peo-
ple for ratification or rejection."—Governor Walker's Res-
ignation.
" I repeat, that in nineteen counties out of thirty-four
there was no census. In fifteen counties out of thirty-four
there was no registry, and not a solitary vote was given, or
could be given, for delegates to the convention in any one of
these counties. Surely, then, it cannot be said that such a
convention, chosen by scarcely more tban one tenth of the
present voters of Kansas, represented the people of that
Territory, and could rightfully impose a constitution upon
them without their consent. These nineteen counties, in
which there was no census, constituted a majority of the
counties of the Territory, and these fifteen counties in which
there was no registry gave a much larger vote at the October
election, even with the &ix months' qualification, than the
whole vote given to the delegates who signed the Lecomp-
ton constitution on the 7th of November last. If, then,
sovereignty can be delegated, and conventions, as such, are
sovereign, which I deny, surely it must be only in such
cases as when such conventions are chosen by the people,
which, we have seen was not the case ai regards the late Le-
compton convention. It was for this, among other reasons,
that in my inaugural and other addresses I insisted that the
constitution should be submitted to the people by the con-
vention, as the only means of cuiing this vital defect in its
organization. It was, therefore, among other reasons, when,
as you know, the organization of the so-called Topeka State
government, and as a consequence, an inevitable civil war
and conflict with the troops must have ensued, these results
were prevented by my assuring, not the Abolitionists, as has
been erroneously stated—for my address was not to them,
but the people of Kansas—that in my judgment the consti-
tution would be submitted fairly and" freely for ratification
or rejection by their vote, and that if this was not done, I
would unite with them, the people, as I now do, in 'lawful
opposition' to such a procedure."—Governor Walker's Res-
ignation.
u The President takes a different view of the subject in
his message; and, fiom the events occurimg in Kansas,as
well as here, it is evident that the question is passing fiom
theoiiesinto practice ; and that, as Governor ot Kansas, I
should be compelled to carry out new instructions, differing,
on a vital question, frointhosereceived at the date of my ap-
pointment. Such instructions T could not execute consist-
ently with my viewa of the Federal Constitution, of the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, or with my pledges to the people
of Kansas. Under these circumstances, no alternative is
left me but to resign the office of Governor of the Territory
of Kansas.
c: No one can more deeply regret than myself this neces-
sity ; but it arises jrom no change ot opinion on ray part.
On the contrary, I should most cheerfully have returned to
Kansas to carry out my original instructions, and thus pre- |
seive the peace of the Territory, and finally settle the Kan- :
sas question bv redeeming my pledges to the people.—
Governor Walker,a Resignation.
It was upon the assumption and belief that
this duty would be faithfully discharged, that
Mr. Buchanan was elected, and that every north-
ern Democratic Representative upon this floor tri-
umphed; and the falsification of our political rec-
ord of 1856, upon this vital question, must result
in the disintegration and destruction of the Dem-
ocratic party, and the election to the nextCon^ress
of a majority opposed to the present Administra-
tion. The moral proposition in favor of the fair
and full submission of the constitution of Kansas
to its people cannot bo gainsayed, and the whole
question is reduced to a proposition of " right"
on one side, and " wrong" on the other. The
legalnecessity for its submission follows from the
statement of themoral proposition. I contend that
the only legal submission of the Lecompton con-
stitution was made at the election m Ivansas on
the 4th of January. The pretended submission
of the constitution on the 21st of December was
farcical,and intended covertly to preventtheattain-
ment of the very principle guarantied by the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, compelling those who voted
against the slavery clause to approve a constitution
which they loatired and detested; and I allege that
the most immaterial question that could have been
submitted to them on the 21st December last was
the " slavery or no slavery" proposition, inas-
much as that issue had been practically passed
upon at their previous October election, when the
present representative upon this floor, Marcus J.
Paurott, of the free-State party, was elected over
Governor Ransom, supported by the pro-slavery
men and Democrats, by over five thousand ma-
jority.
To say, therefore, that slavery was the ^ only
domestic institution" that the people of Kansas
felt interested in, or desired to pass upon, at the
December election, and that all of their other " do-
mestic. institutions5'—currency, judiciary, legis-
lative, executive, and internal improvement pol-
icy—were swallowed up in the negro issue, is
to lose sight of and* to ignore the fact that" that
question was practically disposed of against the
& negro business "at the October election. I assert
that no State constitution for any new State, "to
be admitted after the-passage of the Kansas*N"e~
braska bill, should have vitality until the people
of the locality to be affected by it have, l>y their
approval, " breathed into its nostrils the breath of
life," when it becomes a living soul. The Terri-
torial Legislature provided for a legal election 6h
the 4th of January last, at which the electors of
Kansas had the privilege of approving or reject-
ing this Lecompton constitution. At this election,
legally authorized and fairly conducted, the only
one in which the great body of the people have
participated, the Lecompton constitution was re-
jected by a majority of over ten thousand. This
election was countenanced and approved by the
President in the instructions given to Governor
Denver, who was directed to respect the acts of
the Territorial Legislature, and to see that the
election was peaceably and orderly conducted.
" The Territorial Legislature doubtless convened ojn the
7th instant; and while it remains in session, its-members
are entitled to be secure and free m their deliberations. Its
rightful action must also be respected. Should it authorize
an election by the people for any purpose, this eleetion
should be held without interruption, no less than those au-
thorized by the convention. While the peace of the Ter-
ritory is preserved, and the freedom of elections is secure,
there need be no fear of disastrous consequences,
" The authority of the Government must necessarily be
maintained: and from whatever quarter it is attempted to
interfere by violence with the elections authorized by the
constitutional convention, or which may be authorized by
the Legislature, the attempt must be resisted, and the secu-
rity of the elections maintained.
" The President relies upon your firmness and discretion
to give elfect to these instructions. It is vitally important
that the people of Kansas, and no other than the people of
Kansas, should have the full determination of the question
now before them for decision."—Secretary Cass to Governor
Denver, December 11, 1857.
Thus we have presented to us the grand inquest
of the nation, sitting in judgment upon a case in-
volving the admission or rejection of a sovereign
State; the protest of a large majority of its inhab-
itants against the constitution under which a few
of their reckless men are attempting to force it
into the Union. Gentlemen upon this floor from
the South seek to have Kansas admitted, and to
justify this great moral wrong upon the purely
tech nical legal ground that the Lecompton consti-
tution is legal, because they allege the election of
the 21st December was so, and contend that the
refusal of the majority of the peopleto vote at
that election can have no effect, as their refusalto
vote justified those who did to act for them. I
have been taught that law is founded upon right
and justice, ^fhe definition of law, as 1 under-
stand it, is 11 a rule of civil conduct prescribed by
the Supreme Power, commanding what is right,
and prohibiting what is wrong." If this is its
correct definition, apply the facts presented for
the consideration of this House in relation to the
admission of Kansas; and I ask any fair man,
whether the ex ■parte and fraudulent vote of the
21st December should be recognized, and the legal
vote of the 4th January repudiated ? Fraud may
be shown at any time to annul a contract. Will
any intelligent gentleman assert and stake his
reputation upon it, that the vote of the 21st De-
cember was an honest one, and claim that John-
son county, in which there are not four hundred
voters, gave over eighteen hundred majority for
the Lecompton constitution ? 1 assert, from con-
versation with intelligent and reliable southern
gentlemen, pro-slavery Democrats, who know all
, about the voters of Kansas and their political
j preferences, that there were not over two thou-
! sand five hundred bona fide votes cast for the con-
stitution in December, and that there never were
over that number there in favor of making it a
slave State; and yet between six and seven thou-
sand votes have been returned, and this vote is so
complicated with fraud that the whole should be
rejected.
I contended in the campaign which resulted in
the election of Mr. Buchanan, that the constitu-
tion of Kansas would be submitted as an entirety
to the bona fide inhabitants of the Territory, and
t that it was as certain as that freedom traveled
I more rapidly than slavery, that a majority of her
! people would be in favor of her admission as a
! free State; that the laws of climate and of popu-
' lation would bring about this desirable result.
