mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
What we northern Representatives then contend-
ed for, if the voicc of the majority is not ignored
here, is more than justified now. Our plighted
faith compels us to vindicate our pledges by op-
posing the minority rule in Kansas, and unyield-*
ingly to insist that the will of the majority shall
have a fair expression and be recognized by Con-
gress. As a northern man, with no prejudice
against slavery where it now exists, I can assert
with confidence, that the fair solution of this Kan-
sas embroglio, in order to secure protection to the
interests of the South and the future success of
the Democratic party, belongs to the northern
Democracy. Upon this subject I desire to refer
the House to remarks made by the President,
when, as a Senator from Pennsylvania, on the
13th February, 1840, his colleague presented to
the Senate a memorial for the abolition of slavery;
and also to a portion of his celebrated speech de-
livered in the.Senate when the subject of the an-
nexation of Texas was under consideration.
" Now, in consequence of my conduct here throughout
that session, I have borne the brunt of the Abolitionists at
lidme. I agree with the Senator from Kentucky, that the
danger has passed away, at least in Pennsylvania. The crisis
is now over; and the fanaticism whichthreatened to invade
the constitutional rights of the South, and to dissolve the
Union, has been neariy extinguished.
u The battle has been fought where it must ever be fought,
not in the South} but in the North. It is we of the North who
must ever sustain the shock in such a contest. Under these cir-
cumstances I appeal most solemnly to Senators from the slave-
holding States, whether they ought not to be governed in a
great degree by our advice as to the mode m which these ab-
olition petitions shall be treated. It is impossible, alter all
which has passed, that they can doubt our devotion to the
constitutional rights of the South."
If our southern brethren upon this floor could
property estimate the consequences flowing from
their insisting upon northern Democrats who have
ever been true to their interests, now voting to
sustain this Lecompton iniquity at the expense of
their pledges, they would not insist upon such a
sacrifice. The national Democratic party is the
only party that has ever protected the constitu-
tional rights of the South. Destroy it by erect-
ing two sectional parties, as I fear the present
attempt will do, and what hope have you in the
future of the acquisition of that southern territory
in which the peculiar institution of the South can
be profitably and safely extended ? It has been
charged upon theNorth, (and the national Democ-
racy have not been excepted from the charge,) that
they are aggressive upon the rights of the South.
I deny it, and for proof to the contrary let me
briefly refer to the purchase and acquisition, under
the auspiccsof the Democratic party, of the terri-
tory of Florida, accompanied by its Indian war,
costmg the Government many millions, the pur-
chase of the Louisiana territory, in 1803, out of a
portion of which Kansas has been carved, the
annexation of Texas, with the war with Mexico
following, and recently, under the last Adminis-
tration, the " Gadsden purchase" of a part of
Mexico, at a cost of $15,000,000, out of which
the Territory of Arizona is sought to be formed.
u Who would he so insane now as to advocate the reces-
sion of Florida, Texas, New Mexico, or California? The
country owes all these acquisitionsot terntoiy to the ftem-
ooiatic party. Including Louisiana, they have increased
our territorial extent from eight hundred and fifty thousand
square miles to nearly three million, and have added to our
wealth and lesourees in an infinitely greater ratio."
All of these purchases and acquisitions have
been made at the instigation, and have inured to
the special benefit of the southern States, costing
over two hundred and fifty million dollars; the
North, the East, and the West, in consequence
of their greater taxable wealth, contributing for
these territories three fourths of the amount. To
say, therefore, that the northern Democracy have
ever countenanced aggressipn upon the South, is
a libel upon its generosity. But, Mr. Chairman,
in the discussion upon this subject on this lloor,
I have been convinced against my preconceived
notions of southern honor and integrity, that none
of the principles or'measures of the Democratic
party, from the time of Jefferson down to the
present, have any importance in their eyes com-
pared with the advocacy of the extension of sla-
very. I have beheld upon this floor the southern
Know Nothings, with scarcely an exception,
embracing the Democrats from the slave States
in urging the acceptance of this Lecompton con-
stitution. If this question obliterates party lines
in the South upon the score of pecuniary interest,
I ask whether the example they present may not,
•with propriety, be followed by the Representa-
tives on this floor from the free States, especially
in a case when the fundamental principle of pop-
ular sovereignty which underlies the formation of
our several States and our national Government,
is sought to be overthrown and destroyed by the
South. I have been forced to believe from what
I have seen here, that the days of southern states-
men have passed, that they have no longer in
the South a Calhoun, a McDuffee, a Hayne, a
Lowndes, a Cheeves, a Forsyth, or a Legare.
Their places have been taken, I fear, by mere
politicians who, it appears to me, are seeking tem-
porary success at the expense of the northern De-
mocracy.
What a change, Mr. Chairman, has come over
the spirit of the dream of the President within a
few months! Well do I remember reading the
sulphurous letter from one of the Representatives
of the South, in which he treated the venerable
Executive of the country as a paralytic, weak,
old man. Well do I remember the resolutions
adopted in Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi
denouncing Governor Walker, and menacing the
Executive for his instructions to him, and because
he did not remove him for honestly repudiating
the Oxford and McGee frauds. Shortly after
Congress assembled, we discovered the President
uniting with those who had denounced him, and
forsaking nearly all the friends who had nomin-
ated antj elected him. We beheld him entering
upon a crusade of persecution and ostracism
against his original friends who had the honesty
to maintain the principles upon which he was
elected.
Sir, who are, and where now stand, some of
the prominent " rebels on principle?" Where
stands the " Warwick of King James," driven
from court by parasites and courtiers? He is at
the post of honor—a private station—engaged in
his profession; the " Leggett" of American polit-
ical writers, modestly yet firmly, from his power-
ful lever, the " press,"fighting the good fight for
" popular sovereignty, and the right of the people
to self-government." Where stands the gallant
and eloquent Wise, the Bayard of Virginia chiv-
alry, the Governor of tlie mother of Presidents,
who controlled the vote of his State for Mr. Buch-
anan 's nomination and election ? Where the Neck -
er of the administration-of President Polk—Gov-
ernor Walker—who left his family here, to go into
the wilderness of Kansas, to reason with and quiet
the border ruffians and eastern fanatics in that Ter-
ritory, and to prepare and fairly bring her into the
Union, under the Democratic provisions of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill ? Where the didactic, logi-
caljandable Stanton, the ever-reliable southern
member, who faithfully represented Ten nessee on
this floor for over ten years ? Where the Gibbon
of American history, the elegant writer, and pol-
ished Secretary of the Navy, and Minister to St.
James, George Bancroft? Where the able Stuart,
the Senator from Michigan, and the unrelenting
and intrepid Broderick, of the golden State of the
West, each ofwhom controlled the vote of his State
for Mr. Buchanan, in the Cincinnati convention ?
| Where the father of the new States of the West,
] the heroic, the honest, the able, the fearless, the
i determined Douglas, who gave paternity to the
| Kansas bill, and who should, above all others, be
; capable of giving his own act a legitimate inter-
; pretation in the Senate, "according to its true
; intent and meaning," not to refer to lesser lights
| in the great army of justice and freedom, each
| and every of them against the admission of Kan-
i sas under the Lecompton constitution, maintain-
| ing " popular sovereignty," the Cincinnati plat-
j form, and the integrity of the Democratic party
j of the Union ? Read these statesmen and patriots
! out of the party ! Who confers the right? The
i people will condemn the effort, and unless those
j who arrogate to themselves this anti-Democratic
and extraordinary power are mighty, cautious,
and wise, they will read the party itself out of ex-
istence.
It has been contended on this floor, by the
gentlemen from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar,] from
| Alabama, [Mr. Shorter,] and Tennessee, [Mr.
; Atkins,] that the Lecompton constitution cannot
I be changed or amended before 1864; in this they
I differ from the President, and I agree with them.
| Mr. LAMAR. I ask the gentleman to put his
i finger on any such statement m my speech.
: Mr. RASKIN. I so understood the gentle-
man 
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman from Missis-
sippi say they are not his sentiments now ?
Mr. HASKIN. I so understood the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] to contend yes-
terday. I will go on with what I have to say.
The constitution of Kansas is a compact made
with the people—their organic law;it is superior
to any legislative enactment of the State, and all
of them must conform and be subordinate to it,
or they are absolutely null and void. The consti-
tution is the " higher law" of the State, and it
cannot be changed in any manner, save in the mode
and at the time prescribed in it. The year 1864 is
the period fixed by the people in their acceptance
of the constitution—the compact they have en-
tered into with themselves for the protection of
their civil rights; and to concede that the people
of Kansas have the right, at any time, to change
their fundamental law, is to legalize the right of
revolution in Kansas, in imitation, I suppose, of
the unsettled and unsatisfactory state of political
affairs in unfortunate Mexico, where revolution
and change of constitution have, for a few years
past, occurred every few months^ The decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States, in the
case of the " Dorr rebellion," (acourt whose de-
cisions are respected and specially commended by
the President,) in my judgment forever puts at
rest any doubt upon this subject. If they cannot
move in favor of a change of their constitution
before 1864, they must then conform to the mode
prescribed by the constitution, which is that the
Legislature, by a two thirds vote, at their next ses-
sion, may call a convention, and if the people at
the next election vote in favor of a constitution,
it may meet and form a new constitution. From
this it will be perceived that there can really be
no change before 1866; and not then, unless two
thirds of the Legislature favor it. When it is re-
membered that the members of the Assembly are
elected for two and the Senators for four years;
considering the character of the bold, bad men
who, under the Lecompton constitution, may
initiate this State government, and how unscru-
pulously they will act in framing and passing laws
to perpetuate the rule of themselves and friends,
it is not at all probable that the constitution of
Kansas will be changed before 1870.
In the bill of rights contained in this constitu-
tion will be found this section:
"2. All political power is inherent in the people, and all
free governments are founded on their authority, and insti-
tuted for their benefit; and therefore they have at ail times
an inalienable and indefeasible right to alter, reform, or abol-
ish their form of government in such a manner as they may
think proper."
Now, this simply means that the people have
the right to alter, reform, or abolish their form
of government, pursuant to law, " under lawful
authority, "asthe President puts it,and in compli-
ance with the provisions of that constitution. How
absurd and ridiculous it is, then, for sensible and
honest men to attempt to humbug the American
people upon this question by insisting "that Kan-
sas once admitted as a State under the Lecompton
constitution, can at any time change her constitu-
tion." In article seven, in the Lecompton con-
stitution, headed slavery—
"Sec. 1. The right of property is before and higher than
any constitutional sanction, and the right of the owner of
a slave to such slave and its increase is the same, and as
inviolable as the right of the owner of any property what-
ever.
" Sec. 2. The Legislature shall have no power to pass
laws for the emancipation of slaves without the consent of
the owners, or without paying the owners pievious totheir
emancipation a full equivalent in money foi the slaves so
emancipated. They shall have no power to prevent emi-
grants to the State fiom bringing with them >uch persons as
are deemed slaves by the laws of any one of the United
States or Tenitones, so long as any person of the same age
or description shall be continued m slavery by the laws of
this State : Provided, That such person or slave bo the bona
fide property of such emigrants: And provided, aho, That
laws may be passed to prohibit the introduction into this
State of slaves who have committed high enmes in other
States or Territories. They shall have power to pass laws
to permit the owneis of slaves to emancipate them, saving
the rights of creditor, and pieventinif them from becoming
a public chaige. They shall have power to oblige the own-
ers of slaves to treat them with humanity, to provide for
them necessaiy food and clothing, to abstain from all in-
juries to them extending to life or limb, and, in case of their
neglect or refusal to comply with the duccuoii of such laws?,
to have such slave or slaves sold for the benefit of the owner
or owners."
The object of those sections when taken in
j connection with the treaty of Spain in 1803—the
j Louisiana purchase—of which Kansas forms a
! part, in which it was agreed that the rights of
