2076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 12,
I
has justcomein,anddoes not exactly understand
tlie posture of the question. Have the credentials
been presented ?
Mr. BROWN and others. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has objection been
made to swearing in the member. [" Oh, no."]
Mr. BROWN. Then, to make a point for the
moment, I will object myself, so that I may have
an opportunity or saying what I desire to say.
So far as these allegations are concerned, I will
remark at the outset, that it would take a vast
amount of testimony to make me believe that they
are true, or that they have any reasonable sem-
blance of truth. I know Henry M.Rice; I have
known him for years; and, in my judgment, if
* there be on earth a true and honorable man, he
is one, wholly incapable of doing a dishonorable
act; and in the course which I am about to pur-
sue, I want the Senate, and all who shall read
this day's proceedings, to understand that I am
not in the slightest possible degree, in the action
which I am about to take, influenced by these
charges. If they had any influence on me, it
would be to induce me to withdraw all possible
• objection to the swearing in of Mr. Rice, for I
think this is a flagrant outrage, and I am sure,
upon investigation, it will turn out to be without
cause, and without the slightest possible foun-
dation in truth. Now, my life upon it, if the vouch-
ers for this statement be entitled to the least pos-
sible credit, Mr. Rice, as soon as he is sworn in,
will demand an investigation.
I object to the swearing in of the new Senatois
.from Minnesota upon other and altogether differ-
ent grounds. I object to it upon the ground that,
under the written Constitution of the United States,
States may elect Senators; and m that instrument
there is nothing which authorizes a Territory to
exercise that high prerogative of sovereignty.
Until within the last hour, Minnesota was a Tei-
ritoiy,and not a State. Congress, at its last ses-
sion, authorized Minnesota to form a State con-
stitution; but that did not constitute her a State.
The Senate, some weeks ago, passed a bill, so far
as this branch of tin? national Legislature was con-
cerned, to admit her. The Ilouse of Represent-
atives yesterday passed that bill; and to-day, the
President has notified you that he has signed it.
All this concurrent action of the two Houses of
Congress, and of the President, was necessary to
constitute Minnesota a State. She was not a State,
in my judgment, until you were officially notified
by the President that he had approved the bill ad-
mitting her into the Union as a State on a footing
of equality with the other States. The language
of the Constitution, in the third section of the litst
article is, " the Senate of the United States shall
be composed of two Senatois from eaclr State,
chosen by the Legislature thereof for six years;
and each Senator shall have one vote." There is
nowhere in the Constitution any warrant for a
Territorial Legislature to choose a Senator of the
United States. Could you have a State Legisla-
ture in Minnesota; could you have, in the language
of the Constitution,"a Legislature thereof, "mean-
ing of a State, until Minnesota was a State? I
know that, in the California case, it was argued
by the then great Senator from Kentucky that
California yesterday was a State out of the Union,
and to-day she is a State in the Union; but I never
understood that sort of argument. A State is a
State; no more and no less. The Constitution
recognizes States 111 the Union, and not States out
of the Union. This talking about States out of
the Union, entitled to exercise the high preroga-
tives of sovereignty, is but a branch of that odious
and despicable doctrine of squatter sovereignty.
Was Mmnesotaa State when she chose Messrs.
Rice and Shields to represent her in this body ?
Wc should deny our very existence; we should
belie every particle of intelligence we possess,
to say that she was. If she was not a State, then
1 want to know by what warrant she elected Sen-
ators to this body; seeing that the Constitution
has said that each State shall be entitled to two
Senators, to be chosen by the Legislature there-
of"—the Legislative of a State, not of a Terri-
tory. 1 know very well that the convention which
framed the constitution of tins incipient State pto-
vjded for the election of a Legislature, and a Le-
gislature was chosen; but n was no State Legis-
lature until the State was admitted, and the laws
which they pass are not in force. Nobody pre-
tends to try to enforce them; they arc dead letters
or) the statute-book until such time as the State is
admitted. They had the sense to know that they
ha ft no power to pass laws as a State Legislature
until they were a State; but, following the exam-
ple first set in the case of Ohio, I think, and which
was followed up in several cases afterwards, and
finally in the case of California, they chose Sen-
ators to this body.
I have no expectation that these gentlemen will
be excluded; and, since others have been ad-
mitted on the same terms, I cannot say that I am
particularly anxious that they shall be excluded.
They aie my personal and political friends. 1
am proud to call them so, and to feel that they are
so; that they stand in that relation to me, and I to
them; and I am glad to enter my protest against
parties occupying that personal and political re-
lation to myself, so that I shall not be suspected
of acting from any partisan motive in this matter.
Still, the obligation is upon me, and I will dis-
charge it, to enter my solemn protest, and put it
upon the record, against gentlemen coming here
and taking seats as Senators who are not accred-
ited by any sovereignty, who do not come from
any State of the Union. Such a proceeding is
wrong. It was wrong in the beginning; and
though it may have been repeated fifty, or a hun-
dred, or a thousand times over, you can never
make it right. Go back to original principles;
look to the Constitution; and if you find your
warrant there, admit these gentlemen; but if you
do not find it there, then act upon the great prin-
ciple that you are as wise as those who went be-
fore you; and as they did not swear to support
the Constitution for you, but as you swore to sup-
port it for yourselves, then act in obedience to
your convictions of duty to that Constitution. I
care not if every Senate which has sat from the
foundation of the Government up to this hour,
had said otherwise; the conviction is firmly, fix-
edly, fastened on my mind that nothing but a
State, one of the sovereignties that make up this
great Confederacy, has any power to elect a Sen-
ator; and, though they came from a southern
State, though they might be knit to me by every
tie of affection, I would still, as I do to-day, enter
my protest against their being sworn.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I think the
objection which is taken by the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi is metaphysical rather than
practical. There must be a time when each of
the proceedings for the creation, the inauguration
of a State at home, and its initiation here into
the family of States, is inchoate, unfinished; when
the Territory is in the act of passing from a pro-
vincial subordinate condition to one of qualified
sovereignty, when practically it is neither a Ter-
ritory nor a State. It necessarily happens in
this case, as in all organic changes, artificial or
natural, that there is a difficulty of determining the
exact status of everything. The worm becomes
a butterfly; there must be stages in its transition
in which it is difficult to tell whether it is one
thing or the other. That is the condition of the
Territory of Minnesota while it is passing from
the condition of dependence into the condition of
a sovereign State of the Union. Now the ques-
tion is, how to arrive at a practical conclusion,
consistent with justice, consistent with the rights
and interests of the people of the States, and with
the dignity and rights of the Union. Minnesota,
whatever she may have been yesterday, is a State
to-day, and isentitled to representation m the Sen-
ate of the United States. Two gentlemen present
themselves here, and claim to be Senators from
that State. Does any person object? Is there
any reasonable objection on the part of the Sen-
ate of the United States to receive Senators from
Minnesota? Certainly not, for the Senate is de-
sirous that every State shall be rcpicsented im-
mediately on its title being established.
Does any objection come from the State of Min-
nesota? Ceitainly not. These Senators bring
testimonials from the authority which was con-
stituted by the people of Minnesota in pursuance
of the constitution which they were authorized to
establish, and which constitution has been sub-
mitted in behalf of the people to the Congress of
the United Slates. We may therefore recognize
the election of these Senators made by the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, as an act performed condi-
tionally, or, as the lawyers say, de bene esse, an
act which is to lake effect from the time when the
State shall be admitted into the Union. I believe
in all cases, in legal transactions as well as in po-
litical transactions, such things occur. Metaphys-
ically, there is a difficulty, practically, there seems
to be none, and as it is clear that the State of Min-
nesota is entitled to representation, as there is no
opposition from that State to the admission of
these two gentlemen in that character, as they
come with credentials which wc are satisfied are
authentic and made dependent on this condition,
I think our proper course in this case, as in the
case of California, is to admit the Senators to their
seats, subject to the condition, that if the State of
Minnesota shall show hereafter that they are here
in a usurped character which she has not given
them, then the act may be repealed.
In regard to the other question, I have not a
word to say. 1 think the honorable Senator from
Iowa, if his informants are credible and respecta-
ble persons, did no more than his duty in laying
these statements before the Senate. At the same
time, I agree with the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, that the gentleman whose character
is assailed will owe it to himself, and if he do not
the^Senate probably will owe it to itself, to insti-
tme an investigation.
|/Mr. STUART. I trust I may be pardoned for
Saying a word under the circumstances; and I
must express my regret that the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa took occasion to present papers"of
the kind which he did present at this particular
time. I think it would have been much betterfor
him to present them to the Senate at any other
time, and ask for their reference to any committee
for a careful and appropriate examination. But,
sir, I could not think that I had discharged my
duty—at all events not that duty which I feel that
I owe to myself—if I did not meet this sugges-
tion by saying that I have known the gentleinau
who asks admission here to-day, from his boy-
hood up; and if there is any one man in America
who, more than another has at all times been the
friend of the settler, the pioneer of the country,
and has aided him by his petsonal and political
influence, and by his private means, more than any
other, that man is Mr. Rice. In respect to this
transaction, I know something personally—not of
the particular charges made in these papers; but
I know that the claims of the settlers upon the
Fort Crawford reservation were carefully exam-
ined under the instructions of Mr. Rice by cpm-
pctent men sent out on purpose, and no man's
claim was offered for sale in tho first instance. I
was there myself at that time, and the instructions
were specific that wherever thei*e was a claimant
on the reserve, those claimants having no legal
rights at all, the reserve not being subject to pie-
emption, the facts were to be ascertained and re-
ported to him; and no such property was offered
for sale; but it was withheld, their claims were to
be examined, and they were to have their land at
just such prices as the Secretary directed. In my
opinion there has not been an honester transac-
tion, one that has been conducted upon higher
principles, than that was. What may have been
done by some man who professed to be an agent
or something else, I do not know; but thus far I
certify to the Senate and to the country what I do
know.
In saying thus much, I feel that I but discharge
a duty which I should have felt myself censura-
ble if I had not done, in regard to personal honor
and personal character. And now I have a word to
say in regard to the other proposition. I submit
to the consideration of the Senate, that if we were
to proceed upon a technical compliance with our
constitutional authority, it would require a State
in form, and fully and completely organized, be-
fore we could act at all; because our authority is
to admit a State; not a Territory, not a State par-
tially organized, not something that is to be a
State afterwards, but it is to admit a State; and
there is no distinction between a State formed out
of domestic territory, and one that is carved from
foreign dominions. The practice of the country
has been to take this thing in its progress, it being
a proceeding that is to be completed under our
constitutional authority. Congresshasnotstopped
to inquire whether it was fully or partially organ-
ized as is now the case m Oregon, and as was the
casein Kansas; but I say my judgment has been
that when a State is carved out of our own terri-
tory, it is an organization that we authorize for
this purpose. Such is the title of our acts. We
authoiize the people of a Territory to proceed to
