14
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Decetaber 3,
35th Con&....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & IIo. of Reps.
a detailed account of the business transacted in
their respective offices.
The report of thesupervising inspectors, marked
15, will be found among the documents accom-
panying this report, and gives the operations of
the law under which they are appointed for the
past year.
. The operations of the Light-House Board, with
the condition of the works under their charge, will
be found in the report from that body, No. 16.
A disposition on the part of the board to cur-
tail a system which has been extended beyond
the wants of commerce, should recommend it to
the favorable consideration of Congress.
The duties devolving upon those having charge
of this branch of the public service have been per-
formed with satisfaction and ability.
All which is respectfully submitted.
HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of the Tteaniry.
Hon. John C. Breckinridge,
Vice President of the United Stales,
and President of the Senate.
Report of the Secretary of tlie Interior.
Department of the Interior,
December 3, 1857.
Sir: In presenting an exhibit of the operations
of this Department, attention is first invited to the
important and diversified interests connected with
the administration of our public domain, respect-
ing which the accompanying report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office furnishes
interesting details, with a gratifying view of our
extended land system. American legislation has
shown its superior practical wisdom by its sim-
plicity and adaptation to the wants of our people
in its code of land laws, in regard to the improve-
ment of which few suggestions can be made.
The leading fact attracting our attention is the
vast extent of the operations of the land bureau.
The public domain covers a surface, exclusive
of water, of 1,450,000,000 of acres. It stretches
across the continent, and embraces every variety
of climate and soil, abounding in agricultural,
mineral, and timber wealth, everywhere inviting
to enterprise, and capable of yielding support to
man.
This great inheritance was acquired, first by
the voluntary cessions of several of the original
thirteen States; then by the Louisiana purchase
obtained from Napoleon by the treaty of 1803.
The next enlargement of our territory was ef-
fected by the treaty of 1819 with Spain, ceding the
Floridas to the United States; then its further
extension was effected by the treaty of 1848, at
Guadalupe Hidalgo, with Mexico, ceding New
Mexico and California. Subsequently, Texas ac-
cepted the proposition of this Government estab-
lishing her boundaries, for tlie "relinquishment
by the said Stale of all territory claimed by her
exterior to said boundaries.'' The last accession
to the public domain is that, in 1854, from Mexico,
known as the. " Gadsden purchase," covering a
surface of 23,161,000 acres, south of the Gila river.
The Supremo Court has said, in reference to
acquired lands, that " the people change their
sovereign; their right to property remains unaf-
fected by this change." Consequently, when the
United States succeeded to the ownership of that
portion of our territory derived from treaties with
foreign Powers, the first and paramount duty in
the disposal of the public lands was to separate
private from public property.
In obedience to this well-settled principle of
public law, and under the especial obligations of
treaties, the United States have established boards
of commissioners, conferred powers on registers
and receivers, opened the courts of tlie Unitud
States for the adjudication of foreign titles, and
in multitudes of coses confirmed such titles by
special acts of legislation.
These classes "of titles are known under the
generic description of " private land claims,"and
are of every species, from minute parcels in the
form of lots in Spanish towns to rural claims,
ranging in size from one hundred arpents and
less to a million and a half acres.
These titles are of British, French, Spanish,
and Mexican origin, all depending for validity on
the colonial laws of their different sovereignties.
And there is no branch of jurisprudence where
greater research and exteilt of legal erudition
have been displayed by our judicial tribunals,
than in the determination of the intricate questions
which have arisen, been discussed, and judicially
determined in connection with this branch of the
service. These foreign claims are of every diver-
sity of shape, and everywhere scattered over the
public domain, interrupting the regularity of*our
surveys, with which they are necessarily inter-
locked, and exhibit in striking contrast the irreg-
ularities of the foreign surveys, when compared
with the simplicity and beau ty of our own rec-
tangular system; showing the difference in the
modes of distributing estates, one of which con-
cedes to the favorites of princes immense bodies
of the choicest lands, whilst the other subdivides
the public territory, so as to deal with every
citizen in a spirit of enlarged liberality. In the
growth of our immense territory, in the way and
by the means already mentioned, there remained
and still remain unextinguished, the claims,
rights, and possession of the aborigines. The
General Government of the Union, at the dawn
of our political existence, adopted the principle
asserted by the colonizing Governments of Eu-
rope, to the effect that the absolute title was in the
United States, subject only to the Indian right of
occupancy, and with the unconditional privilege
of extinguishing that right.
Under the operation of these principles, the
purchase and extinguishment of the Indian right
has been gradually progressing in the ratio in
which lands in Indian occupancy were demanded
by our people for settlement. Pari passu have
the lines of the public surveys been carried, in
preparing the way for homesteads, and the means
by which to pass to our people unincumbered and
indefeasable titles.
The surveying system is now organized into
twelve different districts, and the lines of the pub-
lic surveys have already been extended overmore
than one fourth of the whole surface of the pub-
lic domain. That surface, as heretofore stated,
is 1,450,000,000 acres. Of this, there have been
surveyed and prepared for market, of net public
lands, that is, exclusive of school lands, &c.,
401,004,988 acres, of which quantity 57,442,870
acres have never been offered, and: are, conse-
quently, now liable to public sale; in addition to
which, there were upwards of 80,000,000 acres
subject to entry at private sale on the 30th Sep-
tember last.
Of the public domain, there have been disposed
of by private claims, grants, sales, &c., embrac-
ing surveyed and unsurveyed land, 303,802,404
acres, which, deducted from the whole surface, as
above stated, leaves undisposed of an area of
1,080,137,530 acres.
During the fiscal year ending June 30, 1857, ,
and the quarter ending September 30,1857, public !
lands have been surveyed and reported to the 1
extent of 22,889,461 acres. During the same
period 21,160,037.27 acres have been disposed of,
as follows: For cash, 5,300,550.31 acres; located
with military warrants, 7,381,010 acres; returned
under swamp land grant, 3,362,475.96 acres;
estimated quantity of railroad grants, of March,
1857, 5,116,000 acres. The amount of money
received on cash sales is $4,225,908 18.
1 his shows a falling oft in land receipts from
those for the corresponding period of the pre-
ceding year of #5,322,145 99; with a falling off ,
during the same period, in the location of lands
with warrants, of more than twenty per cent.
Whatever may have been the cause of this
diminution, the factdemonstrates that,long before
the piostration of all credit by the suspension of
the banking institutions, the investment m wild
lands had greatly decreased.
In the territory of the United States there are
eighty-three organized land districts, each having
a register and receiver, for the sale and disposal
of the public lands. Yet we have no land district
for either the Territory of New Mexico or Utah.
In New Mexico the public surveys have been ex-
ecuted to a very limited extent, owing to Indian
hostilities. In Utah the surveys had rapidly pro-
gressed,until the surveyorgeneral abandoned his
post owing to reported hostilities of the Mormon
authorities at Salt Lake City. The extent of the
surveys, since the beginning of the operations in
Utah, exhibits a sphere of field work embracing
2,000,600 acres.
A due regard for the public interests, as well as
a proper respect for the prosperity and advance-
ment of New Mexico, would justify, if not loudly
call upon Congress to establish a land office and
a board of commissioners for the adjudication of
Spanish and Mexican claims in that Territory.
It is important to its future prosperity promptly
to separate private property from the public land s,
before the settlements become dense, and conse-
quent conflicts of claim and title arise.
By the act of April 24,1820, the old credit sys-
tem of sales of land was abolished, the cash sys-
tem instituted^ and the minimum price fixed at
$1 25 per acre. This is the great basis of our
present system of sales. The policy of the law
is to favor the actual settler. Itis a humane, wise,
and just policy. When the hardy pioneer breaks
off from the comforts and security of a long set-
tled community, arid encounters the hazard and
endures the hardships and deprivations of a new
settlement in the forest, he has rendered a posi-
tive servicc to the Government; and to deny him
the right of securing his home and improvements,
in preference to all others who would profit by
his sacrifices, would be a crying injustice.
When an actual settler goes upon lands which
have been offered for sale, and builds himself a
house, the law allows him twelve months within
which to pay for a preemption right of one hun-
dred and sixty acres. If he enters upon unoffered
land, or lands which have never been surveyed,
he is permitted to file his declaration of intention
to enter, and is not required to pay for his pre-
emption till the day appointed by proclamation
for public sale of the lands. Public policy may
cause an indefinite postponement of the sale of
the land, and the consequence is, that with this
inchoate, imperfect right, he continues to occupy
without perfecting his title. This privilege to
enter being a personal right, its transfer or as-
signment is prohibited by law.
By thus conceding a privilege, and fixing no
time in which he is required to"perfect his title,
an interest is created in opposition to a public
sale by proclamation, when the good of the
country may require it. The suggestion, there-
fore, that settlers upon unoffered lands should be
required to make their proof and payment with-
in a specified period, is approved.
Preemptions upon unsurveyed lands are now
limited to particular States and Territories. A
general law authorizing preemptions upon lands
of this character, superseding or repealing special
statutes on the subject, would conduce to the har-
mony of the system; and such a law is recom-
mended.
In order to remove all doubt in the construc-
tion of existing law, preemption privileges should
also^ be extended to alternate reserved railroad
sections, in cases where settlements have been
made after the final allotment. The enhanced
value of such lands presents only a stronger rea-
son why preference should be given to settlers
over all others.
The mode of disposing of the public lands
under existing legislation is simple, uniform, and
complete. Lands are introduced into market,
and opened to free competition at public sale by
the President's proclamation, which, at the same
time, notifies settlers to come forward and secure
their homes at the minimum price, without risk
of competition at public sale. Then such lands
as remain thus undisposed of, are open to free
purchase at private sale, at the ordinary mini-
mum of §1 25 per acre; or when in market ten
years and upwards, at reduced prices—always,
however, with the preference right of purchase
awarded to the actual settler.
The public domain is the property of the United
States, and the individual citizens thereof have
equal rights of purchase. Actual settlers, as
alieady shown, are amply protected by law from
interference, and efficient safeguards are thrown
around their rights. As an evidence of this, itis
estimated that, in the sales of the last year, three
fourths of the sold and located lands were taken
foractual settlement. Large districts of the public
lands are valuable, however, only for the timber
found upon them: they are unsuitable for settle-
