1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
that*act, viz: by the "act and deed"of the bona
Ade inhabitants of the Territory speaking to Con-
gress, through a constitution framed by them-
selves, submitted to the people, and approved by
them. The doctrine that the convention in Kan-
sas had the right to adopt the constitution, was
m express violation of the fundamental act for
the organization of the Territory; and unless, in
the act of the Territorial Legislature calling the
convention, it was expressly provided that the
convention should have the power to adopt the
constitution, they ljad no authority to do it, and
it was their duty to refer the instrument—the
most important for their welfare, happiness, and
government, that could ever be passed upon—to
the vote of the people, for their ratification or re-
jection, The people in a territorial state cannot,
before* the formation of a State government, con-
fer any authority, " inferentially or by implica-
tion;" and they cannot be divested of any of their
rights of sovereignty or otherwise, without ex-
press warrant of law.
Hence I argue, without referring to the written
pledges violated by Calhoun and his disgraced as-
sociates, that they would submit the constitution
to the people, that under the Kansas-Nebraska
act, no express authority having been conferred
by the Territorial Legislature upon the conven-
tion to adopt, but simply to form, a constitution,
the convention usurped authority in attempting
to do so, without submitting it to the people,
whose approval alone can give vitality to their
organic law. The Constitution of this Union had
to be approved by the several States, or a large
majority of them, before it became the Federal
compact. The constitution of my own State, re-
ferred to by the President in his recent message,
was submitted to the people for approval or rejec-
tion. The constitutions of about one half of the
States of the Union were submitted and approved
by the people before they had force and effect.
But, notwithstanding this has been the custom,
I care not, for argument's sake, if every State con-
stitution before 1854 had been adopted by the con-
vention and not by popular approval; insisting,
as I do, that the passageof the Kansas-Nebraska
act formed an epoch, and settled precedents, in
the admission of new States to be formed out of
our immense territories. If not, why was this act
drawn with so many general provisions, among
which is contained one for the protection of slave
property in the new States to be formed? Why
was it made the shibboleth of party faith, from the
time of its passage, and during the whole of the
campaign of 1856? Why was it that every Dem-
ocratic orator in that campaign, in Pennsylvania
and in the North and West, insisted that this prin-
ciple of " popular sovereignty," legitimately and
fairly carried out, was the principle which would
banish the discussion of the slavery question from
Congress, and localize the subject in the Territo-
ries, unless it did form an epoch on the subject,
and commence the Democratic Olympiad in the
admission of new States, from which, and not an-
terior to which, precedents were to be quoted?
Let us inquire; what national precedent have we
had, since the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, which we, who are opposed to "Lecomp-
ton," now proudly refer to, as indorsing our
views ?
Sir, at the last session of Congress a bill was
passed by this body for the establishment of a ter-
ritorial government iu Minnesota, and the form-
ation of a State government, in winch it was
affirmatively provided that the constitution should
be submitted for the approval or rejection of her
people. This was the first and only precedent that
can appropriately be applied to the existing Kan-
sas question; and we, as the Representatives of the
people, should indorse, approve, and insist upon
the application of this precedent in the admission
of Kansas, as recommended in the President's an-
nual message. In the last presidential campaign,
u popular sovereignty" was, to the Democracy of
the North, in its beneficent influence among the
people, what the sermon on the Mount was to the
early Christians, fixing the belief of the former in
the truth of republican principles, as in the latter
case m the purity of Christianity.
Let me refer to the vote upon this issue in the*
Union, for the purpose of proving that if its fair
and honest application is ignored by this House,
the entire body of the voters in the free States,
at least, will be deceived worse than the ten thou-
sand majority of citizens against the Lecompton
constitution will be in Kansas. Mr. Buchanan re-
ceived in the free States l,272,783votes, Mr. Fill-
more 407,843 votes, and Mr. Fremont 1,333,675
votes. In the South Mr. Buchanan received 578,177
votes, Mr. Fillmore 478,117 votes, and Mr. Fre-
mont 878 votes. Mr. Buchanan received in the
North 694,606 more popular votes than he re-
ceived in the South. Mr. Fillmore received 70,274
more votes in the South than he received in the
North.
It will be seen that a large majority of those who
voted forMr. Buchanan were from the free States,
who believed in the honesty of the professions of
the party in favor of44 popular sovereignty." Not
only did the vote in the free States elect him, but
he was nominated by the delegates from those
States in the Cincinnati convention. The entire
South, with but a few exceptions, were against
his nomination, although after it was made that
section reluctantly supported him in preference
to Fremont. Mr. Buchanan therefore owes his
nomination and election to the free States; yet he
now presents to the world the spectacle of ignor-
ing tneir rights, inside and outside of the Dem-
ocratic party, as it appears to me, for no other
purpose than to appease the clamor of southern
malcontents who are continually talking about a
dissolution of the Union. For myself, I love the
Union as much as any one of my countrymen;
but rather than be put in a state of vassalage to
the minority of the people of the Union,.south of
Mason and Dixon's line, by the falsification of
the platform of my party, and the disgrace and
destruction of that party, I would consent to the
withdrawal of some of those southern States whose
Representatives on this floor talk so rashly of se-
cession, provided they can legally and constitu-
tionally do so, if, upon mature reflection, a ma-
jority of their people, in violation of their national
compact, shall deem it to their interests to " let
the Union slide."
Millions of our people having, in 185G, decided in
favor of the principle of non-intervention by Con-
gress, and of the people of Kansas regulating their
own affairs, I shall neverhereafter,unless the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act be repealed, consent to the ad-
mission of any new State whose constitution is not
submitted to the people for approval or rejection.
The adoption of a constitution by a territorial con-
vention will not be sufficient, unless the power to
do so is expressly delegated to them. The southern
Senators and Representatives passed the Kansas-
Nebraska bill and repealed the Missouri compro-
mise. Until the obiter dicta of the Supreme Court
in the Dred Scott case, it was believed by north-
ern Democrats that the legal Territorial Legisla-
ture in Kansas had the power to prohibit slavery
there. But the dicta of that court has shaken the
belief with some; and the extreme southern, Cal-
houn doctrine, is indorsed by the President, that
there can be no interference with slavery in the Ter-
ritories, until a State constitution and government
exist. Well, in the long battle waged upon this
subject, the South has now the vantage ground un-
der judicial sanction. Butin the application of the
principle of" popular sovereignty, "they made the
bargain and entered into the contract, and agreed
to sustain it. I imagine they will gain nothing; but
we of the North expect them to do as we intend
doing, " live up to the bargain."
I have been surprised to hear gentlemen on this
side of the Hall indulge in flings at compromises.
Society itself is a compromise. The Federal Con-
stitution isa greatcompromise. Calhoun, Clay,
Webster, and the greatest minds the country ever
produced, originated and supported compromises.
In my judgment, so far as the extension of sla-
very into new territory is concerned, the repeal
of the Missouri compromise was the most fatal
error the South ever committed; and I believe that
if Mr. Calhoun had been living he would have
opposed that repeal. Duty and good faith now
require the South to live up to the bond; and if,
in the competition of emigration, they should be
beaten, certain it is that they cannot be any worse
off than they now are if they are always protected
in their lights at home. The President, Mr.
Clay, and other statesmen of the country, have
been averse to the extension of slavery into free
territory.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a point of order. We
have had innumerable written essays read to the
House, in violation of pailiamentary lav/, and
now we have a printed speech. I raise the point
of order that it is incompetent for the gentleman
from New York to read a printed speech to the
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. HASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I do not know-
that I can do the country more service, or better
justify my course to my constituents, than by
copying, as a part of my remarks, the beautiful
exordium of our Presidentin hiscelebrated speech
in the Senate, June 8,1844, upon the annexation
of Texas, though, from a perusal, it will be dis-
covered,, when compared with his present attitude
on the Kansas question, and the condition of
affairs there, and the continuance of slavery in the
States, to which he then so feelingly alluded, that
he miscalculated the tenacity with which the slave-
holding States would cling to their peculiar insti-
tution, upon which they rely to maintain that con-
trol in the Union which it is the recent boast of a
distinguished champion of the South [Mr. Ham-
mond] they have held for sixty years past.
"Mr. President, the presentis a question of transcendent
impoitanee. For weal or for woe, for good or for evil, it is
more momentous than any question which has been before
the Senate since my connection with public affairs. To
confine the consequences of our decision to the present
generation would be to take a narrow and contracted view
of the subject. The life of a gieat nation i& not to be num-
bered by the few and fleeting years which limit the period
of man's existence. The life of such a nation must be
counted by centuries, and not by years. ' Nations unborn
and ages yet behind' will be deeply affected m their moral,
political, and social relations, by the final determination of
this question : Shall Texas [Kansas] become a part of our
glorious Confederacy? Shall she be bone of our bone and
flesh of our flesh? or shall she become our dangerous and
hostile rival ? Shall our future history and that of hers diverge
more and moie from the present point, and exhibit those
mutual jealousies and wars which, according to the history
of the world, have ever been the misfortune of neighboring
and rival nations ? or shall their history be blended together
in peace and harmony? These are the alternatives between
which we must decide.
"In arriving at the conclusion to support this treaty. I had
to encounter but one serious obstacle, and this was the
i question of slaveiy. Whilst I ever have maintained, and
ever shall maintain, in their full foiee and vigor, the con-
stitutional rights ofthe southern States over their slave prop-
eity, I yet feel a strong repugnance, by any act of mine, to
extend the present limits of the Union over a new slave holding
Territory. After matare reflection, however, I overcame
these scruples, and now believe that the acquisition of Texas
will be the means of limiting, not enlarging, the dominion
of slaveiy. In the government of the world, Providence gen-
erally produces great changes by gradual means. There is
nothing rash in the counsels ofthe Almighty. Maynot,then,
the acquisition of Texas be the means of gradually drawing
the slaves far to the south, to a climate more congenial to
their nature; and may they not finally pass off into Mexico,
and there mingle with a race where no prejudice exists
against their color? The Mexican nation is composed of
Spaniards, Indians, and negroes, blended together in every
variety, who would receive our slaves on terms of perfect
social equality. To this condition they never can be admit-
ted in the United States. That the acquisition of Texas
would ere long convert Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, Mis-
souri, and probably others of the more northern slave States
mtojree Slates, I entertain not a doubt."
In my opposition to the admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution, lam actuated
by no feeling of hostility to the President or the
South. There are those here who know that I
was one of the earliest, most devoted, and most
serviceable of Mr. Buchanan's friends for his
nomination and election. I am still his friend.
But I cannot here stultify myself by voting to
legalize what I deem the most stupendous fraud
that Congress has ever been called upon to coun-
tenance, upon the plea of expediency—a word the
Democracy have ever despised—that good may
come of evil. That gross and infamous frauds
were committed by the pro-slavery party in De-
cember and January last, at the elections in Kan-
sas, is patent in every hamlet and workshop in the
country.
" According to the official returns of the vote of Decem-
ber 21, on the Lecompton constitution, the result stood as
follows :
Constitution with slavery 6,143
Constitution with no slavery  569
Majority   5,574
"At this election 3,347 votes are officially reported as
having been polled in the following precincts :
Oxford    1,226
Shawnee  753
Fort Scott    329
Kiekapoo 1,017
Total.
. 3,325
" The evidence of the judges and clerk of the election
of December 21, who have testified before the Board of
