16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate k, Ho. of Reps.
tribe with themselves. Settlements by white men
within the reserves should be prohibited, and the
prohibition rigidly enforced; and increased efforts
should be made to suppress the sale of ardent
spirits, to effect which the cooperation of the In-
dian authorities should be secured. Farms should
be established irvcentral positions, at which all
the children of the tribe should be collected and
required to labor, and where they could be taught
the rudiments of an education. A certain portion
of them should be apprenticed to useful trades,
and the surplus of the proceeds of their labor,
whether on the farm or in the workshop, should
be divided among their parents. Here they would
be taught the great truths that labor is honor-
able,and thatwantand suffering inevitably follow
in the train of improvidence and idleness. Im-
plements of husbandry, blankets and clothing,
useful articles of furniture, books, and, indeed,
everything which promises to give comfort to
their homes, should be purchased and divided
per capita.
Should their income be more than sufficient to
meet the outlay required for these purposes, then
the remainder might be paid in money. Now
the annual indiscriminate distribution of their
national funds among the Indians is gradually
working their ruin ; whereas a wise policy, such
as any parental Government should adopt, would
necessarily produce the happiest results.
The details of the system should, of course,
be modified to suit the varied conditions of the
several tribes; but the uniform application of its
leading ideas to the government of the tribes in
the central and northern superintendcncies is, I
conceive, indispensable.
The condition of affairs in the southern super-
intendency presents a gratifying spectacle. The
four great tribes of Choctaws, Cliickasaws, Cher-
okees and Creeks, with the kindred band of Scm-
inoles occupying the territory west of Arkansas,
have steadily unproved in morals, in education,
in the comprehension of, and respect for, the
rights of persons and of property, and in a knowl-
edge of the theory and principles of government.
They have regularly organized governments, con-
structed upon tin' model of our own, State con-
stitutions, governors, legislatures, codes of laws,
and judicial magistracies to expound them. There
the path of duty is plain. Every encouragement
should be held out. to them to persevere in well
doing, until the period arrives when, ripe for cit-
izenship, they shall be admitted to the full enjoy-
ment of all its rights and privileges.
One grievance, however, to which they are
subjected, and of which they justly complain,
deserves the consideration of Congress. "While
the Constitution, laws, and treaties of the Uni-
ted States are ,n force over this territory, there is
no lor.ul tribunal empwweiecl to take cognizance
of the e.iuses wbieli anse under them—which,
therefore, are sent tor trial to the United States
district courts in the State of Arkansas. This
not only causes great expense and inconvenience
to the suitors, but, in criminal cases especially,
interferes with the impartial administration of
justice. A Choctaw or Chickasaw, accused of
mi offense against tiie laws of the United States,
is hurried away from hjs friends, to be tried at
n remote point, in a community which has no
sympathy with him. Unable to compel the at-
tendance of his witnesses, and deprived of the
aid and comfort extended to the white man sim-
ilaily situated, he defends himself under great
disadvantages. There is a manifest injustice in
tins which should be remedied at once; and I
would suggest the establishment by Congress of
a district court of the United States for this ter-
ritmy, to hold at least one term annually for each
of the four tubes of Cherolcees, Creeks, Choc-
laws, end Cliickasaws. Among these tribes
there are educated, well-read lawyers; and the
holding of a court in their country would create,
m the minds of the people, respect for the laws,
and give dignity to the administration of justice.
The Indians of the Territories of "Washington
and Oregon arc still restive and belligerent. This
disposition on their part evidently springs from
disbelief in the strength and ability of this Gov-
ernment to punish them for trespasses committed
upon our settlements. It is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to disabuse their minds. This can best
be done by peaceful means. Let an appropria-
tion be made to defray the expenses of a delega-
tion from each of the large tribes in those distant
Territories, to Washington and other eastern
cities. Let them know, by personal observation,
our numbers, see our improvements, and estimate
our strength. They would readily conclude that
further hostility would be absurd; and when they
carried the story of our greatness and power to
their people, a change would come over their
minds, and wo might then reasonably-hope for
the establishment, by treaties, of good under-
standing and perpetual peace, between us. Such
an appropriation would be, in my judgment, an
act of true economy.
During the past year a large amount was paid
into the Treasury of the United States on account
of moneys belonging to certain Indian tribes.
The several treaties under which this amount
was derived devolved upon the President the duty
of causing it to be invested in some " safe and
profitable stocks," to be held by the Secretary
of the Interior in trust for the respective tribes.
In pursuance of your directions, these Indian
trust funds were invested in State stocks which
were deemed safe and profitable. The amount
of bonds purchased was $1,481,476 03, costing
#1,291,077 49.
The investment having been made at a time of
unusual financial embarrassment, we were enabled
to make a profit of £>190,398 54 for the Indian
tribes, and at the same time to afford relief, to
some extent, to the business community.
The report of the Commissioner of Pensions
presents a satisfactory view of the operations of
that bureau during the last year. The business
of the oflice has been brought up to date, as nearly
as it is practicable; and the large clerical force,
required to dispatch the heavy labors devolved
upon it by the recent laws granting bounty land,
lias been reduced, so as to conform to the present
exigencies of the office.
For some years past, the practice lias prevailed
of paying to the children, and sometimes to the
administrators, of deceased revolutionary soldiers
and their deceased widows, the amount of pen-
sion to which such soldiers or widows would
have been entitled had they succeeded ill making
good their claims during their lifetime, but never
to grandchildren, as such. At the last term of
the Supreme Court it was decided, in a case in-
volving the distribution of certain pension moneys
which had been paid to an administrator for the
exclusive benefit of the children of a deceased
widow of a revolutionary soldier, that grand-
children, per slirpcs, stood in the same relation to
such claims as children; and it was subsequently
contended that the effect of that decision was not
only to affirm the legal correctness of the practice
alluded to, but to enlarge it, so as to embrace a
class of claimants not previously recognized by
it.
Seeing that a Urge amount of money had
already been drawn from the Treasury under the
practice of the office, and doubting whether the
court had gone beyond the more question of dis-
tribution involved in the cause before it, and de-
cided as to the law on which that practice was
i founded, I availed myself of the first case that
I arose to elicit the vi ws of the Attorney General,
j both as to the effect of the decision of the court
and the legality of the previous ruling of the of-
I fice. He thoioughly investigated the whole sub-
I ject, and gave a most lucid and convincing opm-
! Ion oil the law of the case; in which ho came to
the conclusion that soldiers or widows, who might
have been entitled to pensions in their lifetime,
but died without establishing their right or re-
ceiving the same, left no estate m their claims
which could be inherited either by grandchildren
or children; that arrears of pension, which alone,
by the statute, were inheritable, only existed m
cases where a pension had once been received,
and, at the death of the pensioner, a portion was
left unpaid; and that the Supreme Court, in the
decision referred to. had not passed upon that
question, in this opinion I concurred; and, as
there was no law for the payment of pensions in
j such cases, and as no money could be drawn
I from the Treasury without a previous appropri-
j ation, any payment ordered by me would have
1 been against law, and would have amounted to a
naked act of legislation by an executive officer.
I felt no hesitation, therefore, in ordering a dis-
continuance of the practice in question; and all the
cases coming within it will be indefinitely sus-
pended, unless Congress shall pass a law giving
to children and grandchildren the pensions their
deceased ancestors would have received had the
proper proof been made out during their lifetime.
A pension is a bounty given by Government
for meritorious personal service, and the first
law granting pensions for revolutionary services
confined the bounty to the indigent soldiers. But,
whether this restriction be correct or not, it is
self-evident that the great inducement, in all pen-
sion laws, is to relieve and compensate, in his
own proper person, the self-sacrificing soldier,
who risked his life, wasted his energies, and neg-
lected his private affairs in the service of his coun-
try. The law has extended its beneficence from
the soldier to his widow, and there it has stopped.
If Congress shall take one step further, and pro-
vide for children and grandchildren on account
of the services of their ancestors, the question
arises, why take care of the children and grand-
children of those whose fortune it was to live till
Congress had passed a pension act, and not of
those, equally meritorious, who died in the ser-
vice, or who dragged out a miserable existence,
uncared for and unrecognized by the Govern-
ment?
The children and grandchildren and greatgrand-
children should be contented in the rich inherit-
ance derived from a glorious ancestry, in the lib-
erties they enjoy, and in the institutions which
give them protection. Congress has not been
unmindful of our revolutionary heroes. It has
dealt out to them with no sparing hand. Up to
the 30th June, 1857, under the pension laws of
1818, 1S2S, and 1832, $43,011,960 had been paid
to revolutionary soldiers; and under the acts of
183C, 1838, 1848, and 1853, $18,302,660 had been
paid to the widows of our revolutionary soldiers—
making an aggregate, in money, of $61,314,620,
besides large donations of land and disbursements
of money, under other laws, on account of revo-
lutionary services.
The discriminations pointed out by the Com-
missioner of Pensions as existing between the
invalid and lialf-pay pensions for the Army and
the Navy, would seem to demand revision and
correction by Congress. Some reorganization of
the systems upon which those pensions are grant-
ed is desirable, not only because of the inade-
quacy of the lower rates to relieve the wants of
those intended to be benefited, but because of
the manifest propriety of making like provision
for those of corresponding grades in the two arms
of the service who may become disabled while in
the faithful discharge of duty.
During the past year 41,483 warrants for bounty
land have beeiussued, requiring, to satisfy them,
5,952,160 acres of the public domain; and the
number issued under all the bounty land acts of
Congress from the revolutionary war to the pres-
ent time is 547,250, requiring, to satisfy them,
GO,704,904 acres of land.
The frauds practiced upon the Pension office
in attempts to procure, and in the actual procure-
ment of land warrants, are numerous; but, owing
to the short statutory limit of two years, the
frauds are not discovered, and many guilty per-
sons escape. I would, therefore, recommend an
extension of the limit now made by the law for
the prosecution of offense's of this kind.
TPiie Commissioner of Pensions has called my
attention, also, to the fact, that the forging of land
warrants is rendered penal by no existing law.
The extent to which this evil practice exists is
not known, but the importance of some legisla-
tive action upon the subjcct is obvious, and 1
woukl respectfully recommend that Congress
provide some law which may serve as a protec-
tion to the Government.
The report of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings furnishes a detailed and satisfactory
statement of the application of the appropriations
placed under his more immediate direction.
The west wing of the Patent Office building is
nearly completed thioughout, and presents an
elegant and tasteful appearance. The north front
of the building is in the process of erection.
Satisfactory contracts have been entered into for
