1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
Commissioners to investigate the Kansas frauds, prove that
the actual vole was:
Oxford precinct    42
Shawnee precinct  115
Fort Scotfprecinct  150
Kickapoo precinct  385
Total      693
u It will beseen, therefore, that ofjhe 6,143 votes counted
in the * official returns' as having been polled, 2,655 were
fraudulent; which, deducted fromsaid official returns, leave
but 3,488 votes for the Lecompton constitution, a portion
of which were no doubt as fraudulent as those of Oxford,
Kickapoo, &c."
The frauds proven to have been committed by
the pro-slavery party in Johnson, Shawnee, Ox-
ford, and McGee counties, and at Kickapoo and
the Delaware Crossing, are sufficient to forever
disgrace self-created president and would-be-Sen-
ator Calhoun, who, like a thimble-rigger, holds
the destinies of the Kansas Legislature and her
State officers under his thumb, and offers to
wager " five, ten, or twenty you can't tell where
the little joker is." From what we know of him,
it is plain that he will cheat everybody in making
his final returns, but himself. How humiliating
and insulting to the nation to have the ad mission
of a sister State depending upon such a man, who
usurped his whole power through his being an
officer of the Federal Government.
When California applied for admission into
the Union, Senators Mason and Hunter, of Vir-
ginia; Butler and Barnwell, of South Carolina;
Turney, of Tennessee; Soulc, of Louisiana; Jef-
ferson Davis, of Mississippi; Atchison, of Mis-
souri; and Morton and Yulee, of Florida—all
Democrats—signed a protest, which was entered
upon the Journals of the Senate, objecting to the
passage of the bill admitting her as a State into
the Union, for the following reasons:
u 1. That it gave the sanction of law, and thus imparted
validity, to an unauthorized action by a portion or the inhab-
itants of California.
" 2. Without any legal census, or other evidence of their
possessing the number of citizens necessary to authorize
the representation they may claim.
" 3. Without any of those safeguards about the ballot-box,
which can only be provided bylaw, and which are necessary
to ascertain the true sense of a people.
" 4. As 1 not having sufficient evidence of its (the consti-
tution) having the assent of a majority of the people for
whom it was signed.' "
This is exactly what Wise, Walker, and Doug-
las are now saying about the admission of Kan-
sas; and yet the Senators who set the example on
California now propose to read them out of the
party for following the text too closely.
Mr. Chairman, the doctrine of the sovereignty
of the people is too dear to me, to forsake its just
application here, to gratify those who dispense
patronage. In speakingofit, De Tocqueville says:
" Whenever the political laws of the United States are to
be discussed it is with the doctrine of the sovereignty of the
people that we must begin. In Amcrica the principle of the
sovereignty of the people isnot either barren, or concealed;
it is recognized by the customs?, and proclaimed by the laws;
it spreads freely, and arrives without impediment at its most
remote consequences." * * * * " From their
origin the sovereignty of the people was the fundamental
principle of the greater number of the Bntish colonies in
Ameiica."
Montesquieu, in his " Spirit of the Laws, *' says:
kt There is no great share of probity necessary to support
a monarchical or despotic government. The force of laws
in one, and the prince's arm in the other, are sufficient to
direct and maintain the whole. But in a popular State one
spring more is necessary, namely, virtue When virtue is
banished, ambition invades the hearts of those who are dis-
posed to receive it, and avarice possesses the whole com-
munity. The desires now change theirobjects ; what Uiey
were proud of before now becomes indifferent; tbev were
free while underthe restraint of law; they will now be free
to act against law; and as every citizen is like a slave es-
caped from his master's house, what was a maxim of equity
they call rigor, what was a rule of action they call constraint,
and to precaution they give the name of fear. Frugality,
and not the thirst of gain, now passes for avarice. For-
merly, the wealth of individuals constituted the public treas-
ure ; but now the public treasure has become the patwmony
of private peisons. The members of the commonwealth riot
onthepublic spoils, and its strength is only the power of some
citizens, and the licentiousness of the whole community."
I have thus quoted from the philosophical
Montesquieu, becausc what he so ably wrote in
the last century, is applicable to the present state
of affairs in our Republic. Corruption stalks
abroad throughout the land. It is to be discovered
in the municipal, in the State, and in the Federal
Governments, and few objects other than amass-
ing fortunes, right or wrong, now actuate those
who seek and obtain positions of power and pat-
ronage. The old fashioned Democratic party in
the better days of the Republic viewed offices
as a necessity to carry on the Government, and
sought only integrity of purpose in those who
were to occupy them, repudiating the thought
that Federal officials were in any manner to inter-
fere with, much less control, the people. But,
alas, the times have changed and are now " sadly
out of joint." An army of Federal officials has
usurped where it could the polls, and the servants
of the people have attempted to become their
masters. The Administration has erected a test
of Democratic orthodoxy by insisting that all
who desire its smiles or favor must ignore the
principle upon which it lives, and stultify and dis-
grace themselves, under penalty of being called
(t Republicans." It has erected, too, the standard
of patronage against principle, and with revenge-
ful hand strips of the former, all Democrats who
have independence and character, in order to con-
fer it upon more servile tools. I fear that this
Administration is doomed to the fate of Dr. Guil-
lotine, who fell by an instrument which he had
invented to cut off the heads of others.
Mr. Chairman, I really regret the position of
the Administration in its Federal attempt to force
Kansas into the Union under the usurped Le-
compton constitution, thus creating a State out of
a population of about fifty thousand people, not
half so large, intelligent, or wealthy, as that of
the congressional district I have the honor to rep-
resent; and thus forcing two Senators into the
Senate of the United States, and one Represent-
ative in this House. This latter fact alone would
induce me to hesitate before voting for her admis-
sion, if she were not, as she is under the Lecomp-
ton constitution, covered all over with damning
frauds.
Sir, the President may yet live to see his error
in this matter; and, in considering the injustice
done the northern Democracy, may have reason
to exclaim, " had I served the North with half
the zeal I served the South, they would not, at
mine age, have left me naked to mine enemies."
Mr. DOWDELL. Mr. Chairman, it is not my
purpose to detain the committee at this time, by a
consideration ofall the points involved in the Kan-
sas question. Under the rule, I will not have the
time, did I so desire. But I do not desire it. The
subject has been freely and fully discussed for the
last four years. The country is in possession of
all the facts and all the arguments. It remains
for us to pronounce the decision. What the judg-
ment of Congress will be, I know not; but of its
results I propose to say a few words. Before pro-
ceeding to speak, however, upon this great and
leading question, I will briefly allude to another
subject which has occupied largely the public at-
tention, and is intimately connected with the pub-
lic interests. In some form its consideration will
become, at an early day, the duty of the House.
Not by any means underrating its importance, I
simply allude to it for the purpose of protesting
against an assumption of power of dangerous
precedent exercised in the arrest of William Walk-
er and his followers, by our naval forces, on foreign
soil. The act was in violation of laws, the strict
observance of which is of the utmost importance
to the peace of the country, and a regard for the
rights of its citizens. It was the duty of the Ex-
ecutive to enforce observance to the neutrality
laws, to prevent illegal expeditions being fitted
out and carried on against foreign nations, with
whom we are at peace. No good citizen can com-
plain of his discharge of this duty, whatever
opinion may be entertained of the wisdom of those
laws. They do not, nor were they designed to,
interfere with the right of an American citizen to
expatriate himself—to emigrate with his arms in
his hand. Even illegal expeditions, when within
the jurisdiction of a foreign Government at peace
with us, are beyond the reach of this Govern-
ment. The act of arrest was not only a " grave
error," but the exercise of power unauthorized,
and demanded signal rebuke. The purity of mo-
tive, however it may palliate the offense of the in-
dividual in the coart of conscience, cannot cure
the violation of law, restore the losses of the in-
jured, nor avert the danger of the precedent.
With these words I leave this subject for the
present, and pass to another, more immediately
demanding our attention, which I regard to be of
the gravest character. No more important sub-
ject can be presented for our action than the ad-
mission of a sovereign State into our political
Union. To the case now before us additional im-
portance attaches, because of violent opposition j
and the danger of results involving the peeace of
the country and the integrity of the Republic.
States have been refused.admission upon their first
application. The postponement, although incon-
venient,,did not disturb the operations of the Gov-
ernment, nor interrupt the harmony of our rela-
tions. The cause of refusal was not violative 6f
the spirit and fundamental condition of union.
Therefore.no serious consequences followed. The
reason offered by the opposition for refusing to
admit Kansas with the Lecompton constitution,
strikes a blow at the rights of all the slaareholding
States. Before venturing upon a decision of such
momentous magnitude, it becomes us well to de-
liberate.
In the history of all Governments, no principle
is better established than that a division- of power
is essential to the presexvation of liberty. Political
power, wherever located, under any form of gov-
ernment, unrestrained, is despotic. It matters not
whether lodged in the hands of one, a few, or
many; only in the latter it is the more dangerous.
A monarch, with a conscience to restrain him,
might relent, hesitate, stop short of his victim;
majorities never. Without souls or consciences,
they would pursue their purposes and their
victims to the bitter end. The founders of our
system, well understanding this truth, attempted
to frame a government of divided power, with such
checks, balances, and limitations, as would effect-
ually guard the weaker against encroachment
from the stronger, and forever prevent the concen-
tration of power in any of its departments.
For all the ordinary ends and purposes of so-
ciety, this has been achieved. The system is found
to work admirably in practice. The three great
departments of Government, the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial, have been kept distinct and
independent. Neither House has infringed the
rights and privileges of the other. Nor has the
executive power been enlarged at the expense of
the legislative or judicial. All this granted—the
great departments are in the possession ofall the
power bestowed on each by the Constitution—and
further, that the States, in their separate jurisdic-
tions, hold their reserved rights and powers intact:
let me ask, of what benefit to public and private
liberty becomes our beautiful theory of a Confed-
eracy, with its checks and balances between State
and Federal authority, the division of power be-
tween the different departments of each, if, by a
combination o/ Slates, all these departments of
power, executive, legislative, and judicial, should
pass into the hands of a majority, become united,
and wielded in a line of policy hostile to the rights
of the minority? Of what avail, I repeat the ques-
tion, with this state of facts, are paper constitu-
tions to the protection of the minority, however
admirably they may be contrived, or stringently
guarded, without power is conceded to negative
aggressive legislation ? Do not our systems of
government, State and Federal, with their multi-
plied limitations upon power, demonstrate the aim
of our fathers to have been to guard the rights of
individuals and minorities against the tyranny of
majorities? And will not this design be totally
thwarted, and our constitutional Government be
essentially changed, by a permanent combination of
a majority of the States with strength sufficient to
hold and control ail the powers of Federal legis-
lation ? Most assuredly so. And especially is it
true, when the cause and continuance of such
combination spring from hatred and hostility to an
institution peculiar to the minority. And it may
be added, the more dangerous because of geo-
graphical distinction.
In this connection the reply may be given, that
the proposition is an impossibility under our pres-
ent form of government, because the Constitution
positively prohibits a State " to enter into any
agreement or compact with another State." This
! is true, and yet my proposition does not fail. No
j two or more States may formally enter into any
| agreement or compact, against another State; and
! yet, through the agency of the Federal Govern-
i ment, a majority of the States may effectually com-
! bine, hold possession of all the departments, and
: with the facility of construction common to ag-
! pressors, torture the meaning, without altering a
i letter of the Constitution, so as to most grievously
' oppress the minority. Thus it will be seen how
; we may be oppressed, and how easily the spirit of
1 the original compact may be extinguished whilst
