1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2079
Mr. TOOMBS. The Legislature of the State of
Minnesota, in the joint convention which elected
Senators, passed a resolution on the subject of
their tenure. It is a question of some trouble and
difficulty, and I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia moves that a certain resolution of the
Legislature of Minnesota be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the following paper, attested
by the Speaker of the House of Representatives
and President of the Senate of Minnesota:
" Ataresular session of the Legislature of Minnesota,
convened m joint convention in the Hal! of the House of
Representatives, on Satin clay, the 19th day December, 1857,
the following resolution was passed, by a vote of 65 m the
affirmative to 31 in the negative :
" Resolved, That it is the wish of-thi* convention that
Henry M. Ricr shall represent the^tate of Minnesota m
the Senate of the United States for the long teiin."
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I rise, Mr. President, under very
peculiar and painful circumstances, for the first
time in the Senate. Of the statement iust made
by the Senator from Iowa, I had no knowledge.
I knew not that there were any papeis here ob-
jecting to the sale, or the manner in which it was
conducted. 1 had no notice verbally or otherwise
that he would take the course he has. I am so
much astonished at the proceeding that T cannot
express my feelings here. It would not be proper
for me to do so under the circumstances. I will
merely state, however, that that land was sold in
exact accordance with the instructions of the Sec-
retary of War, and in accordance with the wishes
of the settlers: and that, had the Senator taken the
trouble to examine the papers on file in the War
Department, lie would have found that there is not
one word of tiuth in the statements he has made.
I shall demand on investigation; and I here pledge
myseif to the Senate th^f if, in that investigation,
there is a single fact found that will impugn my
motive or my action as a Govefliment officer and
as a man, I shall resign my seat. I leave the Sen-
ate and the country to judge of the motives of the
Senator from Iowa for the singular course he has
seen fit to pursue.
Mr. SE\V"ARD. I move that the papers sub-
mitted by the Senator from Jowa,in regard to the
representations prejudicial to the Senator from
Minnesota, be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. H-\RLAN. I propose to amend the mo-
tion of the honorable Senator from New York,
or, if he will consent, I will olier a resolution on
the subjf ct
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the resolution, and
ask for its consideration now:
Wheioas tik settlei? on Fort Ciawfoul reservation. m
the Stat*? ot fowl, al'e^e that thm- have been defrauded l>y
Mr. Hlkry M. Rici:. a- a-rent of Hon. John 11. Floyd. S"e-
retaiy of War, in the r-aie of then claims as s.ettler  on said
re-ei vutson, nani'Jy:
1 Tliat-asd ,s«'eictary of War instructed Henry M Hiof
to ^tll to the sritli'J - on -aid reservation then claims at.$l -25
per acre ; that ^aid Rice requsierl said settlers to pay for
iheii claims .it the iate of gl fX> per acie, and icceipted to
them, on the p/n merit of "aid @1 ,">0 pei acre, for but $■! '2o
pei aete, and icfu.-ed to leeeipt to them for the lemammg
twentv live cents per acre received of them by lnm, as
aforesaid.
•'2. Tiint sundry ca.-e? in which settlers applied to said
Ricf for leave to enlei then -aid ciaim*. he referred them to
m- do i k. ho chained the in i«,e- v -,r hi: from to cmhty
dolhu^ each.m ad'htton to the ?aid .^1 .V) pei a^ie. for leave
to mncha-e then said c!aun<; that the^e lee-werecharged
and i eceived by the sard Ric e. corruptly, a-s saal settleis be-
hev«-, through the mteipo-iuon of Ins cietk.
'A That-Rid Rice nesiigeutlv failed to ^ive-^aid settlers
iea-onah!e notice of the time ot said s-ale. and theiebv -ub-
jected tliem to the necessity of honoums money at enor-
mous Kites of mtem^t, with which to purchase their said
claim*
4. That ?aul Rice defrauded one of saidscttleis of hi*
liil'iHto piiichn-e hi-claim under the instruction of the
Soerotarv of War, hy smreptitiou-ly =ecuiin<j from him a
quitclaim to a part of the land embraced m said claim:
Thciefore,
Re^olvtd, That a eornmittcc be appointed to investigate
the alienations of fraud and extortion nr'de again-t Htmiy
M. litre, a* a:ien! ot the Secretary or War. in the s-ale of
die Fort ftawioid re<ei vaiiou, bj -tiller-? on -aid ie>eiva-
ji• >is. and that said committee have powei to «end for pei-
iori* and papi i-.
Mr. EE\TJAMIN. I prefer that the resolution
should he over. I wish to examine it. #
The VICE PRESIDENT. The consideration
of the resolution being objected t<\. it must he
O ftT.
Mr. CRITTENDEN subsequently rose and
said: The credentials of the Hon. James Shields,
as a Senator from Minnesota, were some time ago
presented by me, and laid on the table. I ask that
they be taken up and read; and that General
Shields be admitted to his seat.
The credentials were read; and the oath pre-
scribed by law having heen administered to Mr.
Shields, he took his seat in the Senate.
I /
FISHING BOUNTIES. 1/
Mr. CLAY. I suppose we may now return to
our cod fish. [Laughter,]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
10) is now before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, after the very able
arguments, occupying some eisyht or ten hours of
the time of the Senate in opposition to the bill
which I have introduced, I might be excused for
claiming the attention of the Senate for at least
one hour, for it requires a great deal longer time
and many more words to expose the fallacy of a
sophism or of an assertion than it does to make
it. But, sir, I intend to be as brief'as I can be,
in order to vindicate myself from some seeming
aspersions, and in oidei to sustain the positions
which 1 have assumed; and I promise the Senate
that I shall not occupy more than twenty or thirty
minutes of their time.
I must say in the outset, that I do not think the
opponents of this bill, the advocates of the cod- .
fishing bounty, have conducted this debate with j
that candor and fairness and justice which ought j
to characterize our debates if we design to arrive
at the truth. Many things have been lugged njto !
this debate which are wholly impertinent, and
not only impertinent but improper. It has been
insinuated, Mr. President, though not directly
charged, that this movement was prompted by
a spirit of sectiona'ism. I challenge Senators to
show anything m my course on this or any kin-
dred measure in the Senate, which warrants such
an imputation against me. It is not, it is insinu-
ated, because it is a bounty, but because it is con-
ferred upon the citizens of two States of this Union
—the States of Maine and Massachusetts—that I
have moved its repeal. My whole course as a
member of the Senate, will r&how that 1 have been
an opponent of the bounty system in every shape
and foim in which it has been preferred. My
course in the committees of which I have been a
member will sustain this assertion, and will show
that I have been disposed to mete the same bene-
fits end burdens to the people of every section of
this Union. Sir, this is a sectional interest; and
because I assail it as a sectional interest, I am
charged with being a sectional man, by insinua-
tion ot least. It is an interest confined to asmall
locality, to an inconsiderable number of persons,
and to a particular class; and for that reason, I
have assailed it as unwat ranted by the spirit and
thoorv of this Government, and as unwarranted
by any clause of the Federal Constitution.
I am charged, too, by insinuation, with assail-
ing the labor of the country. Wherein? How ,
do 1 assail the labor of the country in proposing !
the repeal of this bounty? Do i propose to take j
anything from the fruits of the labor of the cod 1
fishermen ? Do 1 propose to take any thing earned
in the sweat of their faces from th^i
opose
to impose no burdens on them; I propose to sub-
tract nothing from their legitimate earnings; but
I propose to take a but den otF the remainder of
the community: and because T do tins, I am told
that I am assailing the labor of the country !
We are told that the labor of the country re-
quires protection at this time. Well, sir, what
is constitutional, legitimate, and just protection 5 ■
I have been taught to believe that it is simply ,
securing to each man the fruits of his own labor;
it is simply securing the right of earning his bread
by the sweat of his brow; but from the arguments ■
on the other side, I must believe that they think ;
that protection consists in partiality to a particu-
lar industrial interest. Protection with them is :
taxing the many for the benefit of the few. Pro-
tection with them is exacting tribute of thirty mil-
lion people m order to encourage the industry of
sonv two thousand. That kind of protection I
lepudiate. That kind I will never practice.
Asain, sir, U has been cher^t d that I have de-
nied thot the fishei ies of othei countries or of the '
United States have contributed anything to their \
naval power or to our naval power. I said no
such thing. It has been said that I denied that
this was a nursery of seamen. I did no such
thing. AUl maintained was that it was not the
nursery of seamen, that it was not indispensable
to maintain a navy; that we had other resources
independent of the cod fishery.
Again, we have heard a great deal in the way
of encomium upon the patriotism of the fishermen,
upon the courage, prowess, and patriotism illus-
trated by them in t>ur last war with England and
in our revolution. Who disputes it? "Who has
endeavored to disparage their claim to these vir-
tues? I have not, nor has one who has advocated
this bill.
Now, sir, why occupy the time of the Senate
with an elaborate history of the fisheries? This
may be very instructive and entertaining to those
who have not read, as I have, the speech of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] made many
years ago, and the speech of Mr. Scudder, in the
House of Representatives, in 1852, and the report
of Mr. Sabine. Hut what is the object of this re-
citation of the history of the fisheries—not merely
of the cod fisheries, but of all the fisheries of all
the nations of the earth? It is by a species of
logical legerdemain to impute all the credit, all the
good results arising from the various fisheries to
the cod fishery. It is an attempt to absorb for
the cod fishery all the benefits and all the glories
of the various fisheries that have ever existed in
the world.
Mr. President, I do not think that I am guilty
of any egotism, or of a want of rsspectfor the op-
ponents of this bill when I say that the speech I
made the other day has not been answered by
them; thd.tj.hey have not met the positions which
I there laid down. I say this, not because of any
ingenuity or strength ofargumenton my part, but
because I presented an array of facts which cannot
be answered; facts which no adversary argument-
can impair, which no supporting argument could
strengthen.
What are the grounds assumed nowin opposi-
tion to this bill? We are told, in the first place,
that although originally the salt duty was the
source of the allowances to the fishing vessels, yet
t^uch was not the ultimate policy of the Govern-
ment. We are told, in the next placc, that the
fisheries are the nurseries of seamen, and that we
must support them on that account; and lastly,
that the cod fishery could not live without the
bounty, i propose very briefly to answer these
positions.
In the argument which I endeavored to make
the other day, I assumed that the inducements to
the laws which existed in 1792, did notnow exist,
and I proved it. I proved it by figures. I showed
that while, in 1702, the tonnage in the cod fishery
constituted one eighth of the entire tonnage of
the nation, at tins day it constitutes but a forty-
eighth part; that while, in 1792, the value of ex-
ported cod fish constituted more than one sixth
of the enure value of the domestic exports of the
United States, at this day it constitutes but one
sixth hundredth part. I showed that, instead of
contributmgabout one sixth of the revenue of the
United States, as in L92, ot this day it subtracts
%12 50 where it puts one in; that if itcontiibutes
^26,000 m the way of duties upon imported salt
used in curing the fish, it subtracts §300,000 in the
way of bounty, i attack it as a bounty. I said
that the inducements piesoiued by its advocates
in 1792, did not exist, and that has not been de-
nied. I said that the reason for the law no longer
existed, and therefore it should be repealed. That
has been partially denied, and to that I invoke the
attention of the Senate tor a few moments.
Heie I must lemark a discrepancy between the
arguments of the advocates of fishing allowances
in this day and 1:1 1192, and between the advo-
cates on this floor at this time. I showed the
other day that originally the Representatives of
the several New England States repelled the
charge of claiming any bounty for the cod fish-
ery, that they came foi ward and said they claimed
justice but no favors In order to refresh the rec-
ollection of Senators, and strengthen somewhat
the position 1 assumed, I call attention to what
was said by Mr. Gerry, and which I did not read
the other day. In the opening of his leinarks, he
said, in Febiuury, 1792:
'•The State o( Massachusetts nothing more than
equal justice. We do not comc forward to request lavors
