1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10.
its beautiful body remains. The next question
is, will this dangerous combination be made ? Are
there any signs of such approaching madness?
Mr. Chairman, we all know the power and in-
fluence of party associations. Those who march
under the same banner are always friends when
an enemy is before them in the field; the stronger
the antagonist, and the more desperate the en-
counter to be met, the stronger are the-ties of
union, and the warmer the sympathies of friend-
ship. After the battle, the common joy of vic-
tory, or commiseration over defeat, cements more
closely the bonds of fellowship. The cry of the
old Shibboleth, with all its exciting associations
in the past, will rally the clansmen long after the
objects of combination have passed away. In
this country numerous instances can be cited
where political party feelings have proved supe-
rior to the ties of personal friendship, and party
animosities have destroyed kindred and church
relations. Notwithstanding the strength and
stubbornness of this feeling, dividing and sway-
ing the masses of our countrymen, controlling the
operation of the Government from the beginning,
who has not seen strong national parties go down
under the tread of sectional columns—bonds
stronger than steel dissolve in the fires of .sec-
tional strife? But a few years ago the proud old
Whig banner was triumphantly waving in a ma-
jority of the States, and the gallant leaders, with
a patriotism as broad as the Union, commanded
the love of their followers and the admiration of
their opponents. They have passed away. The
banner no longer floats upon the breeze. The
voice of the multitude hailing it with loud acclaim
is now hushed; no vestige remains.
" Not a ro:*e is left on the stem.
To toll wheie the gaideu liad been."
Sectionalism divided and conquered it. Such,
too, was the fate of the American party. That
organization, af'er afeeble attempt at nationality,
even with the strong declaration for " the main-
tenance of the Union of these United States, as
the paramount political good, or the primary ob-
ject of patriotic desiie," could not stem the waves
of sectionalism. 11 passed as a shadow — fled away
o.s a vision of the night. There was left but one
great political association, whose professions and
policy looked to the mteicsts of the whole conn-
try—the last hope of the patriot. To its ranks
were gathered the conservative of all sections.
"Whigs and Americans, who sympathized with us
in the conflict with sectionalism, to this national
standard were rallied. The battle was fought; we
won the victory. Hope revived for a peaceful and
glorious future to our country. Confidence in the
strength of the Government and the perpetuity of
our republican institutions was partially restored
Ho?/ long to last? Ere the temporary fruits of
victory arc gatheied, a cloud comes over us—the
shadows of death settb upon the path. The step?-
of the destroyer are heard within our borders, and
the spirit of dissension has fastened upon our
vitals. Shall the national Democracy fall a prey
tosectionaljealousy? Shall the glorious old party
of the Constitution, who, in peace and in war,
have upheld the honor of the country and main-
tained the principles of republican liberty, go down
in the shock of battle ? Let this disaster overtake
us, let this evil day come, and it will be followed
by a long night of direful calamities. There will
be left, I doubt not, in every northern State, patri-
otic men, devoted and true to the Constitution—
many who would willingly lay down their lives
for the constitutional rights of the South, I be-
lieve. But, overshadowed and borne down by a
sectional majority in every State, they would be
powerless for good.
Now, sir, under this state of facts, with the
causes which have brought it to pass, let me ask,
what security will the minority States have
against oppression? If party cords, however :
stubborn and strong; the cohesive iron bands of i
common interest; the ties of kindred blood, and j
personal friendship; the sacred and holy links of j
brotherly love, hallowed by the strong memories ■
of the glorious past; if these, if all these, cannot !
withstand the dissolving fires of sectional hate,I j
repeat the question, what security is there against |
oppression ? Do you point me to the checks, bal- i
ances, and limitations of our federative system? \
to the constitutional declaration of rightSj its defi- j
nitions and prohibitions of power? These, sir, |
would snap asunder like the green withes wherein i
Samson was bound; "as-a thread of tow is
broken when it toucheth the fire." The power of
construction could easily remove all these whole-
some obstacles which fence the path of tyranny.
They would bend to the desires of the majority,
as the tall oaks to the sweep of the tempest. The
history of mankind, the world over, proves it.
Collisions only can be avoided by effectual limit-
ations to power. There must be a potent voice
to say, " thus far shalt thou go, and no further;"
or else,ei the waves will roll not back." Hither-
to our system of government has furnished that
check, and our Constitution spoken that voice.
Hitherto obedience followed the command, and
the "proud waves were staid." Did the spirit
of the old Union live, liberty would live; State
rights and private rights would be sacred, shielded
against even the stealthy and insidious power of
construction. But, sir, once let all the depart-
ments of the Government pass into the hands of
a combined majority section; and, whether the
united powers would be used aggressively or not,
the Constitution would immediately lose its vital-
ity, the distinctive conservative feature of our
system be destroyed, and the minority would be-
come dependent upon the capricious will of the
majority States.
nut suppose the majority, thus armed with
power, disclaim all designs to injure—suppose
them,for the time being, to be actuated by a love
of justice: does this alter, in the least, the subject
condition of the minority ? To test the supposi-
tion, let us say we believe your professions sin-
cere ; you intend us no harm; you have the power,
but will refrain from its exercise to our injury;
what objection have you then, in the absence of
evil designs, to submit to wholesome restraints
uponthatpower? If you never intend to exercise
it oppressively, give us the evidence by laying a
portion of it down. If you refuse, however sin-
cere may be your professions, we are warned, by
the history of the past, to be on ourguard. Equality
between States, so essential to liberty, cannot long
be maintained under an inequality between sec-
tions or combinations of States> unless the stronger
be circumscribrd in their powers. The danger-
ous state of iilldirs in which we find ourselves
was clcarly not contemplated by the fathers of
the Republic, or else, with their intense opposition
to centralized power, they would have guarded
against it. The fears of our piedecessors, soon
after this Government went into operation, were
aroused to this danger, and herculean efforts have
been made to prevent disaster to the system by
preserving equality between sections. The strug-
gle has been a fierce one. With this view, for a
long period, States have been admitted in pairs—
a slaveholding and a non-slaveholding together.
The equilibrium has thus been maintained up to
a very recent period. The admission of Califor-
nia, in 1850, turned the scale against the South.
Up to the time of that compromise we were safely
guarded again stencroachments. The Senate stood
like a mountain in the path of the aggressor. By
the admission of California we lost the balance—
both the great legislative departments passed into
the hands of the free States.
Sir, holding this departmentofpower, we could
not, if we would, invade the rights of the other
section; but we could pre ventencroachments upon
our ughts. That important negative power, help-
less to injure, mighty to protect, has been lost.
We now stand relying for safety on national
parties, and the love of justice which may remain
in the bosoms of the majority. In ordinary times,
these subordinate securities may prove beneficial;
but we know they are as nothing in the path of
avarice, ambition, and fanaticism. Parties are
but the creatures of a day, the accidents of the
hour. They arc liable to change from constant
occurring combinations, as new interests arise, or
new whims are to be gratified. The lovers of justice
have been too often driven by the wicked multitude
to " mountains and deserts—to the dens and caves
of the earth; have been doomed to wander about in
sheep skins and goat skins, destitute, afflicted, tor-
mented"—for us to rely solely upon this principle
for protection. Something more than the mere
love of justice in Governments, however civilized,
is found necessary to prevent wrong. In framing
the organic law, the people must be imbued with
the wisdom and sense of'right sufficiently great to
pa£t with a portion of their powers, and thereby ,
extract the teeth and c laws of the lion of authority; j
or else the weaker will, sooner or later, become a
prey to the stronger. Whatever be the form of
the government, this evil tendency in man, to
usurp and wield power, must be provided against
to escape tyranny.
If necessity, then, be laid upon a people whose
interests are identical, to bridle power to preserve
freedom, how much more urgent the reason for
restraints upon a Government whose authority
extends over large Territories, holding dissimilar
and often antagonistic interests ?
In thus contending, Mr. Chairman, for better
safeguards to liberty than political parties can fur-
nish, I do not mean to disparage the worth of the
Democratic party. Jn all the sectional conflicts
of the past, that party has given to the. councils
of the country men good and true, who have faith-
fullystood by the constitution. My own section,
demanding only her just and equal rights under
that instrument, have found in that noble party a
trusty and faithful ally. Hitherto it has deserved,
in maintaining its integrity, the confidence be-
stowed by the South. It is to be lamented that
many have fallen in the battle; some have deserted
the standard; distinguished leaders have wandered
off, and united their fortunes with the enemy ; but
the party still lives, and, I am proud to believe,
holds in the North a host of patriots with hearts
still true to the right. Unwilling to despair of
the Republic, I must hope that the little band,
though weakened by desertions and depressed by
the diminution of confidence, will, with the daring
courage of noble hearts, bravely face the storm.
In time, they may gather the pure and the good,
and rally strength to save the Constitution from
the hand of the destroyer. Whatever be our des-
tiny, the true men of the North will live long in
the affections of the generous and patriotic sons
of the South.
Mr. Chairman, I trust that I have shown to the
committee the danger to our institutions of unre-
strained majorities. I have not alluded to the in-
creasing hostility between the two sections, to be
gathered from legislative resolves and acrimoni-
ous articles in the public press, both religious and
secular. The spirit of crimination and recrimin-
ation prevails to an alarming extent. From this
source reasons could be multiplied leading to the
same conclusion. But none are so blind as not
to see that perils environ our position of the grav-
est character. With all my confidence in the
Democratic party, and notwithstanding the hope
expressed in its fidelity, I must still believe that
some more potent and enduring check is impera-
tively demanded for our security against invasion.
Upon this point, were any doubts left, my opin-
ions would be confirmed by the bold declarations
of a northern Senator, who is regarded the head
and front of the Black Republican party; one
who speaks the sentiments and shadows forth the
designs of thatinfatuatod organization. His phil-
osophic eye discerns the condition of affairs and
takes in the future. The boast of power which
he makes discloses the dangers to which the mi-
nority are exposed. In a recent debate on the
Army bill, the Senator from New York [Mr.Sew-
ard] said to the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale:] r
" I am very sony that the faith of the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire is less than my own. He apprehends
continual disaster. He wants this battle continued and
tought by skirmishes, and to deprive the enemy of every
kind of supplies. Sir, I regard this battle as alreadu fought.
It is over. A)l the mistake is that the honorable Senator
and others do not know it. Wearefi^htinz for a majority
of free States. There are already sixteen" to fifteen ; and
whatever the Administration may do—whatever anybody
may do—before one year from this time we shall be nine-
teen to fifteen.1'
Mark well the language. These words were
not delivered in haste. Coolly and deliberately
uttered, they were the .convictions of his judg-
ment. I was inthe Senate at the time, and heard
them. To me it was a note of warning from the
enemy. " We are fighting for a majority of free
States;" "this battle is already fought;" "six-
teen to fifteen;" and soon " nineteen to fifteen."
If the rights of States and sections are to be re-
spected, if the Constitution of the United States
is to be regarded, let me ask the reason for the
boast of a majority of free States. It is given in
another speech of the Senator's. He said:
I expect to see this Union stand until there shall not be
tiie footstep of a slave impressed upon the soil that it pro-
although that soil will he extended, for aught I know,
from the North Pols to the Caribbean sea, as it has already
extended trorn the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean."
