18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate &. Ho. of Reps.
These officers are now appointed by the judges,
to whom alone they are responsible for their
official conduct. The law requires them, semi-
annually, to make returns of their fees and emol-
uments. But in case of failure or refusal, this
Department is powerless to enforce obedience,
or to remove the delinquents. It can, however,
withhold anv money that may be due them by
the United States, until they shall render their
accounts. This is the whole extent of its power.
It is made the duty of this Department to re-
strict the expenditures of these officers within
proper limits, although defrayed out of the pro-
ceeds of their offices; to allow no one clerk to re-
tain of his fees and emoluments a sum exceeding
three thousand five hundred dollars per annum,
for his personal compensation; and to require
him to pay into the Treasury of the United States,
semi-annually, any surplus of the same. A duty
is thus imposed upon the head of the Depart-
ment, while he is clothed with no adequate au-
thority to enforce a compliance with his orders
and requirements. As an evidence of this, it is
proper to state, that in order to answer a resolu-
tion adopted by the last House of Representa-
tives, circulars, calling for the requisite informa-
tion, were addressed to all these officers on the
1st of September last; and although proper com-
mendation is due to those who replied promptly,
yet fourteen in the States, and nineteen in the
Territories, have wholly failed to respond there-
to. Some remedy for this state of things should
be provided, and it is respectfully suggested, as
the most effectual, to change the tenure of the
office, so as to require all clcrks of all the courts
to be appointed in the same manner as marshals
and district attorneys.
Clerks of courts, in many cases, are appointed
and act as United States commissioners. This
practice, it is believed, adds largely to the ex-
penses of that branch of the public service, espe-
cially in the large cities, where it becomes neces-
sary, in the absence of the clerk, to employ an
additional number of deputies m his office. This
evil requires correction at the hands of Con-
gress.
The clerk of the Supreme Court cannot, by the
received constiuction of the law, be required to
make a return of the fees and emoluments of his
office, nor is his compensation limited; yet the
policy anil spirit of the law includes this officer,
as well as the clerks of the circuit and district
courts. If the existing law lie wine and ought to
be maintained, then no valid reasons exist'why
this officer should be made an exception.
The lute Attorney General gave an opinion that
a clerk was a <• collecting agent of the Govern-
ment, and should be hold to account for all the
fees of his office, received or receivable, deducting
therefrom the maximum allowed by law." Now,
although the clerk or other officer may earn a
large surplus, still one half of the maximum may
not have been actually received. And, notwith-
standing the fact that they are legally powerless
in some cases to collect their earnings, they are
positively required to pay into the Treasury, with
each semi-annual return, any surplus which the
same exhibits. The officers chum, generally,
that they have n right to retain the compensation
to which they are entitled, and that they are not
in a position to retain it until it is actually col-
lected, which leads to much difficulty.
To remedy this, it is suggested that all clerks
and marshals in the respective States and Terri-
tories, and in the District of Columbia, be ex-
plicitly authorized to demand the payment of
their fees, or take security therefor, when they
are not properly chargeable to the United States,
in advance of the rendition of all official services.
During the last session of Congress an appro-
priation of $100,000 was made for the crcction of
a court-house m the city of Boston. This was
construed not to authorize this Department to
purchase a building, however suitable for the
purpose. The Masonic Temple, conveniently |
situated in the business part of that city, was of- !
fered to the Department for$]05,000. The prop- I
oaition was accepted, subject to the approval of I
Congress; and an estimate has been submitted
covering the expenditure.
The fourth scction of the act ef 26th February
last, authorizing the people of Minnesota " to
form a constitution and State government,"made
it the duty of the United States marshal for said
Territory " to take a census, or enumeration, of
the inhabitants within the limits of the proposed
State, under such rales and regulations as should
be prescribed therefor by the Secretary of the In-
terior, with the view of ascertaining the number
of Representatives to which said State may be
entitled in the Congress of the United States."
The necessary instructions have been issued
to enable the marshal to perform that duty, and
an appropriation will be asked, as soon as full
returns of his operations have been received, to
defray the expenses he has thus been directed to
incur—no provision therefor having yet been
made.
By an act of the last Congress, this Depart-
ment was charged with the construction of the
following wagon roads: one from Fort Kearny,
Nebraska, byway of the South Pass, to the east-
ern boundary of California, near Honey Lake; one
from El Paso, on the Rio Grande, to Port Yuma,
at the mouth of the Gila river; arid one from the
Platte river, via the Omaha reserve and Dacotah
City, to the Running "Water river.
Provision had been previously made for open-
ing a road from Port Ridgclcy, Minnesota, to
the South Pass, and operations had been com-
menced thereon under instructions from my pre-
decessor.
"Work has been commenced on all those roads,
and measures have been taken for its vigorous
prosecution. The obvious design of Congress,
m these appropriations, was to locate and open
roads which should meet presentemergencies and
the demands of emigration, and not to introduce
a system of improvements which would require
other and larger appropriations to be made, from
year to year, for their completion. With this
view, and to secure the speedy and economic.nl
construction of these great and extended thor-
oughfares, it was deemed expedient to appoint
a superintendent, and organize a suitable corps
of operatives on each road. Each superintendent
was instructed to pass over the entire length of
the section of the route assigned him, locating it
on the most direct and advantageous ground, and
opening and improving it in such a manner as to
admit of the easy passage of a loaded wagon.
The immediate direction of the movements of
these several parties was placed by me in charge
of a gentleman of experience; and so soon as full
information of the operations of the past season
is received, I will cause him to make a detailed
report of their progress, for the purpose of laying
it before Congress.
The Port Kidgely and South Pass road has al-
ready been opened as for west as the Missouri
river, a distance of about two hundred and fifty
miles, and the country through which it runs is
reported to be a rich and desirable one for settle-
ment. The appropriation for this work has,
however, been exhausted, although some four
hundred and fifty miles remain to be completed.
To finish this portion of the road, should it bo the
pleasure of Congress to carry out its original de-
sign, an additional appropriation of ^30,000 will
be required, and it should bo made at an early
day.
The joint commission for running and marking-
the boundary between the United States and Mex-
ico, under the treaty of December 30, 1853, con-
cluded its labors and adjourned on October 1st;
and the commissioner on our part has turned over
to this Departmentthe maps, (with one or two ex-
ceptions, which are in the hands of the engraver,)
journals, astronomical determinations, and other
public property in his possession.
Of the repoit, heretofore ordered by Congress
to be printed, the first volume is completed, and
will be ready for distribution early in January.
The second volume, or appendix, which contains
the reports upon the zoology and botany of the
region surveyed, is still incomplete. The en-
graved plates to illustrate this part of the work
are in the custody of this Department, so far as
they are completed.
During the last Congress, the Senate, by reso-
lution, ordered the printing of five thousand extra
copies of the report proper and accompanying
maps, and two thousand extra copies of the sec-
ond volume, or appendix, to be paid for out of
the fund appropriated for running the boundary.
The execution of this order will cost from thirty-
five to forty thousand dollars. The resolution of
the Senate, without the concurrence of the House
of Representatives and the President, will not fur-
nish to this Department a sufficient warrant to
justify the payment of these expenses out of the
fund designated.
By the fourteenth section of the act approved
March 3, 1837, the Commissioner of Patents is
required annually, in the month of January, to
make a report to Congress, detailing the oper-
ations of his bureau. This law was enacted while
the office was under the supervision of the Secre-
tary of State; and as it was not required of him
to make an annual report, it was deemed more
convenient, without doubt, for the Commissioner
to report directly to Congress. The act approved
March 3, 1849, transferred the supervisory and
appellate powers in relation to the acts of the
Commissioner of Patents, previously exercised
by the Secretary of State, to the Secretaiy of the
Interior. All the other bureaus of the Depart-
ment make annual reports to the Secretary, to bo
laid before the President, and by him communi-
cated to Congress; but, in the case of the Com-
missioner of Patents, while the rules and regula-
tions for the management of his office, his acts,
and the conduct of all those under his immediate
supervision, are subject to the control of the Sec-
retary, and, through him, of the President, yet
the annual report required of him is not, in any
way, under existing law, open to tlio revision of
either. There is nothing in the peculiar nature
of the subjects or duties pertaining to that bureau
which makes this exception necessary; and aa
the reason for the law has ceased to exist, it might
be changed with propriety.
Prom the 1st of 'January to the 30th of Sep-
tember, 1857, 4,095 applications for patents have
been received, and 820caveats filed; 2,066 patents
have been issued, and 2,287 applications rejected.
The receipts for the three quarters ending30th
September, 1857, were $161,415 97. The expend-
itures were $163,342 04. Excess of expenditures
over receipts, $2,526 07.
The policy indicated in the law establishing
the PatcntOff.cc is, that it should be a self-sus-
taining bureau. This policy is a sound one, and
should be observed.
The law now authorizes a return, upon the
rejection of an application, of two thirds of the
fee required to be deposited by the applicant on
presenting his claim. Ofthe $103,942 04expended
during the last three quarters, $27,939 99 was
made up of fees restored to applicants, after the
labor of examining their cases had been per-
formed. There seems to be neither justice nor
expediency in this requirement. Its consequence
has been to bring into the office a large amount of
business, frivolous in its character, and which
seems, in fact, obtruded but as an experiment
upon its credulity. If it is desired that this bureau
should bo, as heretofore, supported by its own
earnings, this feature of th% financial adminis-
tration of the office should be revised and re-
formed.
By the ninth section of the etct approved July
4, 1836, the applicant for a patent, if a subject of
the iting^of Great Britain, was required to pay
a fee of^500, At that time, an Amciican citizen
applying for a patent m that kingdom was re-
quired to^ pay a fee of <£100. But recently the
English Government has reduced the fee required
of an American citizen from £ 100 to i20. As
the fee originally required seems to have been
determined on a principle of retaliation, it is
proper and becoming in our Government to re-
spond to the liberal policy shown by Great Britain
toward our citizens, by reducing the fee m such
cases to $100.
The existing law authorizes an appeal from the
decision of the Commissioner to either of the
judges of the circuit court for the District of
Columbia, ibis law is on anomalyin our legis-
lation. It confounds the executive and judicial
departments, which the genius of our institutions
requires should be kept separate and distinct from
,each other. Its violation of principle is not a
