THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 13, 1358.
New Series. .. .No. 131.
made to repeal these bounties, I find it was al-
leged by Mr. Holmes, of Maine, that—
"The bounty on the fisheries was established at the same
time that the duty was first levied on t*alt, and was consid-
ered as a kind of drawback upon that duty; and the reason
of it was, that many gentlemen bad scruples as to the power
of Congress to give a bounty on any successful enterpuse.
These doubts would have entirely prevented the encourage-
ment of the fisheries, as a nursery for seamen, had it not
been for this combination of the two provisions. Great in-
juiy to our conmjeieial interests would have ausen out of
a failuie to allow this bounty; and he was opposed to the
bill, in the first place, because it would bnng'with it, as a
natuial consequence, the lepcal of this bounty— not that
any such propo.-iuon was made in the bill, butfiom the fact
that both of the piovisions weic connected ; therefore, what
allccted the one mu-t touch the othei. Now, sir, (said Mi.
H.,) J think it is ot pea' impoitance to ret ran tins bounty.
It is given on i^e tonnnc,eof tho not accouhng to
the success of the ii-iieues; and if lisheunen teniaiu six
months m this employment, they share the bounty, let their
vo.vaye piove t-ueceaslul 01 ii'>t." * "* "" " "It
was doub'ed now, as well as formnly, whether Confess
had a right to fix this bounty, except as a kind of drawback
uporwhe duties on salt; and if they repealed the duty, the
drawback would follow."
Thus, sir, it will appear on an examination of
the debates in Congress upon the subject of re-
pealing the salt duty, that, incidentally, the al-
lowance to the fisheries was made in every debate;
and that, in every discussion upon the revival of
the salt duty in 1813, and the attempt to repeal it
in 1816, m 1818, and in 1827, in each and every
one of these debates it was maintained that the
allowance was not an equivalent for the draw-
back or the duty. Hence, sir, 1 say that the po-
sition now assumed that bounty was intended to
be given, and not a mere drawback or equivalent
for drawback, is an afterthought. I show that the
advocates of these laws befoie they passed, and
after they passed, as late as 1839, maintained that
the fisherman had nothing more than the return
of his own money, that you gave him nothing
that you merely repaid the money he had advanced
you, or, in the language of Mr. Madison, you
Bimplypaid a debt to him; yetwe are told to-day
that it was designed to be bounty.
Mr. President, I will not argue this question
further with the Senators. 1 repeat that if what
they say be true, and if, as intimated by the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin-,] there was a de-
sign to allow something more than an equivalent
for the drawback of the duty, then his predeces-
sors on this floor wercguilty of dissimulation and
falsehood, in order to achieve a fraud upon the
Treasury, and their brother Representatives and
Senators in Congress at that day. I have said
that the effects of these laws are far different at th is
day from what they were when they were passed.
That I have demonstrated. 1 have shown that
instead of realizing a mere drawback for the duty,
they are realizing"twelve and a half dollars from
the Treasury whore they put one dollar m. I will
not protract the discussion on that point.
But, sir, wc arc told that this is the nursery of
seamen; and how do the Senators undertake to
prove that? They expatiate at length upon the
value of the fisheries—not the cod fishery. They
tell us what the fisheries of other countries have
achieved for their naval power, and what ours
have done for our naval power. The question
•which I submitted to them, and which they have
notanswered, was this: why it was that the whale
fishery and the mackerel fishery and other fish-
eries of the United States could notfurnish seamen
as well as the cod fishery ? What was the pecu-
liarity of cod catching that entitled it to this pref-
erence 5 That question they have notanswered,
andtheycannotanswerit. Why,sir,Mr Cooper,
who, perhaps, understood the naval history of
this country better than any other man, in writing
that history* endeavoring to exljibit a type of a
sailor, a model worthy of emulation, did not go
to the cod fishery to find him, but he found him
among the whale fishermen. I say, notwithstand-
ing the denial of the Senator, that no man who
has eyes in his head can compare the rigging of
merchantmen or men-of-war or whalers with that
of a fishing smack—can hesitate to see that the
former are hotter adapted to nurturing sailors to
man our vessels of war than the cod fishery.
1-]J
In respect to the bounty system, 1 will not de-
tain the Senate by reading authorities which I
have at hand to establish the position I assumed,
that the fisheries of no country, according to the
historians, have prospered under the bounty sys-
tem; and the best proof of itis, that England and
Holland have abandoned their bounty system. Ac-
cording to the testimony of MacPherson, McCul-
lough, Ad*. t Smith, and of every writer that I
have consumed on the fisheries of England, it has
exercised rather a depressing than a beneficial in-
fluence. In consequence of it they have aban-
doned it; and, as I said before, the fishermen of
Nantucket and New Bedford, in our own coun-
try, unaided by Government bounty, have out-
stripped the sailors of England, of France, and of
Holland, with all the great bounties which were
bestowed on them for two hundred years.
We are told that they cannot live without it,
and that it is cruel to take from them this bounty,
which is the very source of their existence. Those
who will trouble themselves to read the debates
in the early history of this system of tonnage al-
lowance, will see that one of the arguments then
adduced was, that the. fisheries were in their in-
fancy. They will see, too, from the legislation
of Congress, that certainly it was never designed
to foster these fisheries as nurseries of seamen,
because none of the laws that were passed were
for a longer period than ten years, and several of
them were but for two years—within which time
we could hardly train a nursery of seamen. Now,
after enjoying for nearly seventy years the bounty
of this Government—after feeding on Federal pap
for nearly seventy years—we are told that this in-
terest isstili a puny pet, a mere nursling in arms,
without any of the bone or muscle of manhood,
m the mere gristle of infancy, and unable to stand
alone. Well, sir, I ask, then, why should we fos-
ter it longer? Here is the whale fishery which,
without the aid of Government bounty, has grown
to such a degree that it now commands more ton-
nage than that of any other Government of the
world. The report which I submitted to the Sen-
ate shows that, while the cod fishery, with all the
favor extended to it by the Government, has only
increased about three-fold since 1799, the whale
fishexy in the same time has multiplied forty-eight
times; or, in other words, there arc forty-eight
times as many whaling vessels, more than thirty-
seven times as much tonnage, and upwards of
sixty-one times more men engaged in it now than
at that time. How is it with the mackerel fishery ?
Mr. Scudder says that is conducted in the same
kind of vessels, by the same men, at the same
season of the year, in the same v/aters; and is at-
tended with like toil and dangers as the catching
of cod. He said, indeed, that it was better adapted
as a nursery of seamen than the cod fishery, as I
understand his speech; and yet the mackerel fish-
ery has managed to live and to flourish, and, ac-
cording to his testimony, to rival the cod fishery
in tonnage and men employed, without the aid of
Government bounty. 1 will read to the Senate a
paragraph or two from his speech. He was the
representative of the Barnstable district, the largest
fishing district of New England—a district winch
has realized upwards of two million dollars in the
"way of allowances to the cod fishery. He said:
"This [the mackeiel f^hery] is much more fluctuating
and uneeitam than the cod lidirry. hi one season u may
yield a piotit, ami in another piove disastiotis both to own-
eis and crew. Even m one pa.it of the reason it may he
successful, and in another veiy unsuccessful. It seems, m
a great degree, to lie a chance game or lottoiy. The fisher-
men and shoiomen encased m it are of the same cla-^ a^
those that puisne the cud ii=heiy; m fact.thev often change
a number of times m the .-aiue season fiom the one to the
other, aceoidtng to the luck. The expense and outfits aie
about the same m each. These ti^ii aic taken m the waters
nearer the coasts than the cod fi>h aic." * +
" 1 have alieady .shown mat the cod fishery. beine patron-
ized bv the Government, returns the better profits, and
employs the gieater number of men; but. were the same
pationase extended to the mackerel rishei\. it would un-
doubtedly increase fai beyond that of the cod fishery. It is
consuleicd a more pleasant and de^rable business: it has
gieater atttactions for the youth of the countiy. Tnouah
nought \M\l\ equal sea danger and toil, yet m mc idem and
adventure it is beltei adapted to the entluis'a-vmof ihe. voting
man who is about to take his hist voyage upon the ocean.
" Let the Government extend its aid to tins branch of our
industry, ami the scarcity of American seamen which now
prevails would soon cease to be felt."
Thus, sir, according to the testimony of one
of the advocates of these fishing bounties—who
certainly ought to be as well informed as anyone,
the Representative of the largest fishing district in
New England—the mackerel fishery, without the
aid of Government bounty, quite equals the cod
fishery at this day in tonnage and men employed,
although its existence only dates back to 1828, or
at least no license was granted to a mackerel fish-
erman before that time. Hence I asked, and I
requested Senators, when I before addressed the
Senate, to solve this question: why it was that the
mackerel fishery, conducted in the same waters,
under the same circumstances, without the aid of
Government bounty, had grown from nothing,
since 1828, up to the full stature, or nearly the full
stature, of the cod fishery; and yet the cod fishery
could not live without this bounty. Why, sir,
the Senator from Massachusetts, with a pride of
State which I thought was highly laudable, pro-
tests against this assumption. As 1 understood
him, he said, if you take away the bounty it will
not crush our industry; we can live without it;
and such I doubt not is the fact. Such is the tes-
timony of the newspaper press of New England,
so far as 1 have read it; and if I may credit what
I see stated there, there is at least a large minor-
ity of the people of the States of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts engaged in the fisheries, who desire to
see this bounty system repealed.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say to the Senator
that I think the repeal will be injurious to the fish-
eries, but I do not think it will crush them. I cm
opposed to the repeal, but I think we shall get
along, although it will bear oppressively on the
fisheries, perhaps diminish them to some extent.
Mr. CLAY. The statistics which I exhibited
in the table appended to my report, I think are a
sufficient reply to all that may be said, certainly
to all that has been said, designed to show that the
fisheries cannot live without the bounty. I showed
by the table that they had realized, during a series
of years, from seventy-eight to one hundred and
nine gross per cent, upon the capital invested. 1
then took, as the basis of my calculations, the
statements made by this same Mr. Scudder, in
which he said you must deduct fifty per cent, in
order to ascertain the net earnings, and, after de-
ducting fifty per cent, from the gross proceeds, I
found still that they realized fiom thirty up to
sixty per cent. Even, after deducting over and
above that, the pay of the fishermen at the rate he
estimated, still I found that they realized a larger
profit than any other industrial pursuit in this
country. And all this, too, is for but four months
of the your; and all this is without any considera-
tion of fishing bounty, and all this is without any
consideration of the fresh fish sold which are not
taken into the estimate. Hence, 1 say that I do
not believe they need the bounty.
The fishermen of New England have enjoyed
more favors of this Government than any other
class of people in the Union. They complained
of the duty on salt; they were relieved of that by
this system of allowances in lieu of drawback.
At this time that duty has sunk from thirty cents
to about two cents per bushel. They complained
of the duties levied upon other articles; at this
time those duties are reduced in a like ratio, some
of them merely nominal. They'complained that
thov had not the privilege of fishing on the coasts
of the Eritish Provinces, and dry-curing their fish
upon land; that is now secureu to them by the
reciprocity treaty. They complained of the want
of a market for their fish. At that time we had
bra three million inhabitants m the United States;
we now have about thirty million; and they find
a home market for all the fish which they can take.
They complained of the difficulties of their coast;
at this time they are better illuminated with light-
houses and lights than any other portion of the
