1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
by polling her masses to ascertain whether the
voice spoken by her convention is the truly ex-
eign power, on ordinary occasions,contrary to a ■
prescribed rule by the people, to say the least, is <-
pressed will of the people? To do so, would be h inexpedient. Such a procedure, in my judgment
* . 1 ♦. . . > .-, •>] *T Ua instifiai) \-\tr tkn liiolioot TMiKllC
to exercise arbitrary power.
The people of Kansas have, in accordance with j
authorities duly constituted by Congress in the j
organic act, in accordance with the laws of her j
government, in conformity to the requirements j
of the Federal Constitution, in a line with numer- .
ousprecedents of States of the Union, adopted for j
themselves, in their own way, a constitution re- j
publican in form. Shall we admit or reject her ? 1
In my humble judgment there is not the shadow |
of a sound reason for refusal. The Lecompton 1
convention was a political body, duly invested
with power to make and ordain a constitution. .
The discretion to refer its work back to the masses .
belonged to it exclusively. They saw proper to J
submit the most material portion. All the bona
fide inhabitants qualified to vote were invited to j
express their opinions by their votes. An elec- :
tion was held, of which due notice was given, and |
a large majority of those voting indorsed the por- j
tion submitted. Those who refused to vote, ac- j
cording to every sound principle of law, are pre- j
sumed to acquiesce—are bound by the decision. !
Otherwise, there is, through the ballot-box, no ;
safety to constitutional liberty. To delay ad-;
mission, to require her to reconstruct her organic ;
law, will be to countenance a rebellious spirit in I
her midst which has denied the authority of her !
government from the beginning. The dividing
line in that Territory, truly says the President, is
14 between those who are loyal to this govern-
ment, and those who have endeavored to destroy !
its existence by force and by usurpation." j
The constitution presented is the expression i
of the sovereign will of the people who acknowl- :
edge the authority of law. Those who voted 1
against it, under an unconstitutional act of the I
Stanton Legislature, were composed mostly of j
those who have uniformly resisted regular author- l
ily. To admit is to regard the will of the loyal
and law-abiding; to reject will promote rebellion.
If the Stanton Legislature had the legal right to
niter the requirements of the convention, it had the ,
power to repeal the constitution. The assump-
tion of such a right reverses the whole theory of
can only be justified by the highest public neces- j
sity. I know that this responsibility has been i
assumed by some of the State governments, and |
in this manner New York, Indiana, Maryland, i
and others, have amended their constitutions, and [
no immediate evil results have followed. j
But the fact that in all the State constitutions j
guards have been thrown around the amending j
power, requiring concurring votes of successive '
Legislatures, and in many cases a majority of two
thirds, and thereafter a ratification by the quali- .
fied electors, shows the opinion of the people to
be adverse to sudden alterations, and that danger
was to be apprehended at this point. Mr. Chair-
man, in this age, the danger to liberty is not in
hampering majorities, but the opposite; not in
i restraining public opinion, but in giving a loose
i rein to its ebulitions and excesses. Sir, majorities
can always take care of themselves; but private
interests and minority rights appeal to limitations
and restrictions upon power to protect them. The
more tardy the process, the more cumbrous the ;
machinery in effecting a cnange of the fundament-:
al law, the greater the security to the citizen.
Objection is made by some to the admission of
Kansas, because, in the schedule attached to her
constitution, the Legislature is not authorized to
call a convention for purposes of amendment until
after the year 1864. Now, sir, whatever may be
our individual opinions as to the wisdom and pro-
priety of .this provision, I humbly submit that
Congress has nothing to do with this question—
it belongs exclusively to the people of that State.
But do those who object, remember that Indiana
was admitted with a similar clause in her consti-
tution, only the time-interdicting amendment was
twelve years—just double that of Kansas. Who
objected to her admission upon this ground ! She
was a free State. No one in the North, so far as
I know, cared about the limitations which she im-
posed upon her government. But the force in the
objection, in the present case, may be found m
thu fact that Kansas is a slaveholding State. In-
diana, notwithstanding the limitation, changed
her constitution before the time fixed had expired
our Government. Its action, under the circum- ; Kansas, if she so desires, can do the same thing.
stances, was of no more authority than any other
peaceable assemblage of citizens; and the voice
of the people evoked cannot be regarded, because
they speak only through legal channels.
There is a manifest tendency in the public mind
to revolutionary ideas and doctrines. This grow-
ing impatience of legal and constitutional re-
straints—the thirst for something new and start- way?
ling—is an evil omen of the times. The rapid '
progress of the spirit of change will, ere long,
unless counteracted, place our dearest rights at the 1
mercy of uncontrolled numerical majorities. The 1
prevalent idea that a mere majority can, al will,
assemble and change the organic law of a State,
and that no legitimate restraints can be imposed
I do not say that it will be wise in her people to
do so. I believe it imprudent for any State to act
differently from the forms prescribed in her con-'
stilution. But what is my opinion; what the
opinions of all the members of this House ? Has
not u State the power to pursue her own policy;
to carry out the wishes of her people " in her own
mil'1 This clause in the constitution of Kan-
sas does not change its republican form. We are
not permitted to look for any other objection.
Mr. Chairman, the State of Alabama, whose
people I have the honor m part to represent, by
the unanimous voice of her Legislature has, in
the event of the rejection of Kansas, authorized
a convention to be called to determine her course
upon their action, is at war with old republican j of action. Taking her position by the side of the
ideas, and will lead to popular despotism. An- '] State of Georgia, " she will and ought to resist,
other distinguished son of South Carolina, Hugh
S. Legare, now no more, on this point has most
eloquently said:
"The restraints which modem society lias imposed upon
itself in the exercise of its sovereignty au, only an acknowl-
edgment of the fallibility of man. In our oun republican
institutions this self-denial h;u always stiuck me forao-
thmg sublime. All absolute power, if allowed to act on
audden impulses, will and must be tyrannical; nor does it
signify in the least by what name ltis railed, except, per-
haps, that the galling severity of the bondage is in propnuion
to the number of masters. In the tiue spirit orCliiistian
humility, the most sublime of all values, the people have
even (as a last resort) to a disruption of every tie
which binds her to the Union, any action of Con-
gress upon the subject of slavery in the District
: of Columbia, or in places subject to the jurisdic-
i tion of Congress, incompatible with the safety,
domestic tranquillity, the rights and honor of the
: slave-holding States; or any act regulating the
I slave trade between the slave-holding States; or
! any refusal to admit as a State any Territory here-
after applying, because ofthe existence of slavery
therein; or any act prohibiting the introduction of
taken caie that they shall not be led into temptation by that ■ slavery into the Territories of Utah or New Mex
omnipotence which God alone may not abuse, and reserv- ■ ;co. or any act repeai;n!r or materially modifying
to themselves ultimately an absolute control over tneir 1 ,, , - . J , cr ■
the laws now m force tor the recovety or iuguive
slaves." Sir, to her I owe my allegiance, Vv'liat-
in% to themselves ultimately an absolute control
own destinies, nave piaeticaliy restrained the exeicise of
their sovereignty, by withholding from their agents some of
Its highest attuinues."
Sir, I will not deny to the people their right,
when assembled in their sovereign capacity, to
modify and change their form of government.
This right, asserted in the Declaration of Independ-
ence, was stationed outside of constitutions as an
additional guard to the liberty, safety, and happi-
ness ofthe people. But as " all changes in the fun-
damental laws of a State, ought to be the work of
time, ample discussion, and reflection," it would
be much safer to confine its exorcise within the
forms prescribed by the Constitution. For a gov-
ernment of n State to call into action the sover-
ever course she may in her wisdom pursue, as
one of her sons, bound to her by every tie, in weal
or in woe, I shall cling to her fortunes.
I will not disguise my feelings on this question.
! It is indeed painful to me to contemplate the ne-
, cessily laid upon my State to invoke lier sovereign
1 power to resist aggression. Believing, as 1 sol-
emnly do, unless some constitutional check be
I placed upon northern power—increasing daily in
| numbers, and in fanaticism—the minority States
| will be, at all times, liable to oppression, I heart-
ily concur m the resolutions adopted by her Le-
gislature. The time for action is at hand. Did I
not warn my people of the dangers which threaten
the overthrow of fheir rights, I should not he a
faithful sentinel. That the deliberations of her
convention when called, may result in some plan
furnishing additional safeguards to liberty—pro-
tecting the rights of the South, without severing
the bonds which unite the States, is my most
earnest desire. To this end, limitations upon the
powers of the combined majority section are abso-
lutely indispensable. Those who piofess to love
the Union " maycry peace, "at the passage of this
, or that measure, " but there will be no peace;" ■
i there will be, if I rightly comprehend the strength
; and designs of the Black Republicans, no cessa-
| tion of hostilities; no pause in the march of ag-
• gression; no security for our rights, nor safety
to the country, until this end be attained. The
j responsibility rests upon the majority section.
Consenting to this necessary check upon their
I powers, they can restore harmony between the
j two sections—they can dry up the bitter waters
i of strife. Otherwise these dark waterswill flow on
i until alt the feelings of friendship arc poisoned;
! all motives to union destroyed; and all the bless-
' ingsthat we now enjoy in common so richly, for-
ever engulfed.
j Mr. CASE, at half past five o'clock, obtained
j the floor.
i Mr. GROW. If the gentleman from Indiana
! will give way, I will move that the committee rise.
; Mr. CASE. I must decline to yield,
i Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would in-
1 quire if the gentleman from Indiana has made a
] bargain with the chairman to speak until six
I o'clock.
i Mr. CASE. No, sir; I have made no bar-
gain.
; Mr. MAYNARD. I call the gentleman to
, order.
■ Mr.WASHBURN,ofMaine. Iprotestagainst
farming out the floor of the House in this way.
Mr.'MORGAN. I rise to a point of order, and
that is that there is not a quorum present.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules tha
| point of order.
! Mr. MORGAN. I appeal from the decision of
! the Chair.
| The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
| diana [Mr. Case] has the floor.
| Mr. MORGAN. I took an appeal from the de-
i cision of the Chair.
j The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has not
- the floor to take an appeal.
Mr. MORGAN. I made a point of order, and
I appealed from the decision of the Chair on it.
1 The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has not
the floor. The gentleman from Indiana is entitled
to it.
Mr. MORGAN. The Chair overruled the point
of order.
1 Mr. MAYNARD. It is not a point of order
from which an appeal can be taken.
! Mr. GROW. Any decision which the Chair
! can make is subject to appeal.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not enter-
I tain the appeal.
I Mr. MORGAN. The Chair will not?
1 The CHAIRMAN. No.
! Mr. MORGAN. I appeal from your decision.
| The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
j York is not m order.
i Mr. MORGAN. The Chairman is certainly
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is not in order, and will take his seat.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 do not propose to take my
seat. I appeal fiom the decision of the Chair; and
I say, Mr. Chairman, you are bound to entertain
i it.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no way by which
the Chair can ascertain whether there is or is not
| a quorum of members present. The gentleman
from New York had not the floor to submit that
! point of order; and, if he had not, he had not the
I floor to take an anneal from the decision of the
; Chair.
; Mr. .MORGAN. Then I ask the Chaii how an
j appeal could ever be taken ?
i [Cries of " Order !"]
i The CHAIRMAN. When the question arises,
j Jt does not now arise. The gentleman from In-
diana will proceed.
| Mr. MORGAN. The Chair knows perfectly
i well that I am in order.
