2082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
coast of the United States; at this-time they have
about four lights for one on every other portion
of the coast of the United States. In addition to
that, these men are ship-builders, many of them,
as I find from the speeches of some of their advo-
cates; and they enjoy a monopoly of ship-build-
ing-. These men are coasters, and pursue the
coasting trade when not engaged in the fisheries;
and they enjoy a monopoly of the coasting trade.
Notwithstanding the bounties of this Government
are lavished upon them in the way of monopoly,
in the way of a reduction of duties until they are
merely nominal; notwithstanding they have en-
joyed an absolute, direct, arid unqualified bounty
for the last thirty years of the existence of this
Government; yet we are told that it will be deal-
ing very hard by them to take from them this
bounty!
Mr. President, I assailed this bounty because
I believed that it was unconstitutional. Instead
of replying to this argument, the Senator from
Maine who secondly addressed the Senate, [Mr.
Fessenden,] seemed to consider that it was my
duty to have proven it. He denied that I had
proved it; but he did not attempt to show the
grant to Congress under which he derived the
power. I understand, as has been repeated sev-
eral times, that this is a Government of specific
and limited powers, and it behooves those who
claim a power to prove its existence. It is not
incumbent on me to prove a negative, and show
that no such power exists.
But, sir, independent of the specific clauses of
the Constitution to which I alluded, I say that
the bounty system is contrary to the theory and
spirit of this Government, and of all free Govern-
ments. Viewed in the light of natural reason, in-
dependent of all organic laws, who can say that
it is just and proper to levy tribute upon thirty
million people m order to swell the stores of some
two or three thousand, or at most, of fifteen thou-
sand ? Suppose any number of persons, cast by
shipwreck on an uninhabited island and about to
form a government for themselves—can any one
believe that the majority of such a people would
ever agree to form a government with the under-
standing that nine men in the community weie
to contribute a portion of their earnings in order
to swell the resources of a tenth ? Would any
government ever be organized on such principles ?
Never. I look upon this as involving a principle
far more important than the inconsiderable sum
of bounty which is annually paid. I look upon
it as involving a principle which is destructive to
the integrity of this Government. This Govern-
ment has no power to confer bounties. It is an
attribute of absolute sovereignty. The right to
give bounties to some involves "the right to rob
others; because Government has nothing to give
that she docs not take away from some of her
citizens, and it is upon that ground mainly that I
attack it.
Mr. President, I will not occupy the time of
the Senate longer. There is much more that I
wish to say, but I know the impatience of the
Senate, and I do not suppose that anything I
shall say will influence the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin,] to strike out " 1859," and insert
"18G5."
Mr. CLAY. Before the vote is taken on that,
I will simply say, what I said the other day, that
I give them two years' time, which is as long as
several of the acts passed originally contemplated
that the allowance should be given. I give them
as long as was intended to be given by the laws
passed for their benefit. In addition to that, if
they are allowed until the close of next year, and
realize the average bounty they have gotten during
the last ten years, they will receive near seven
hundred thousand dollars. If it is continued until
1863, as pioposed by the Senator from Maine,
they will then receive at the same annual average,
§2,300,000.
Mr. HAMLIN. Do you take the average of
last year ?
Mr. CLAY. No; the average of the last ten
years.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not understand the
gentleman. What time does the bill give?
Mr. CLAY. Until the last day of December,
1859—this year and next.
The VICK PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Maine, ex-
tending the period to 1865.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Brodenck.Cameion,Chand-
ler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Durlcee,
Febsenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston,
King, Seward. Simmons, Shields, Stuart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—27.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bi^ler, Bright,
Brown, Clay, Ciingman, Davis, Fiizpatrick,.Green, Gwin,
Hammond, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, John-
son of Tennessee, Jone.-i, Malloiy, Mason, Pearce, Polk,
Pugh, Riee, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, and Yulee—Q8.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. At the time I moved that
amendment, it was suggested by some Senators
here that I had better make the lime five years,
instead of seven years; but knowing, as I did, that
it would not embrace one half of the time the nav-
igation employed in this business would exist, I
preferred to try that term of years. I now move
to amend by striking out " 1859" and inserting
" 1863," which will give five years for those en-
gaged in the busine.ss to get out of it. I wish to
make a remark in response to a suggestion which
was made by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin.] If I understood him aright, he said
he was willing to give some period of time, suffi-
cient to enable them to divert their navigation to
other purposes. Now, I know it to be true that
the construction and size of the fishing vessel, both
render it unfit for any other business; and there-
fore I hope I shall have his vote for this limited
period of five years. I have nothing further to
say.
"Mr CLAY. I trust this amendment will not
prevail, for reasons which I have assigned before.
As I have said before, giving them two years is
giving them as long a tune as it was proposed by
many of the original laws that this allowance
should extend to. If it be extended for five years,
they must realize in that time, at the present aver-
age, about one million eight hundred thousand
dollars of bounty. I trust it will not prevail, and
I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 28; as follows:
YFi —Messi*. Allen, Bell, 13 roderiek,Camrton,Chand-
ler, Clark, Ooihunor, Cntt<>nden, Divon, Doolittle, Dtnkeo,
Fos-eiulcn, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Il<ulan, Ilou>ton,
Kin?, steward. Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, YVadr, and Wihon—27.
NAYS—Messrs Rayaid. Benjamin,Ihgler.Bimht,Brown,
Clay, Chnnman, Davis, Fir/.patnck, (Jieen, Gwin, Ham-
mond, Hunter, Iveivon. Johnson of Aikan^a>, Johnson of
Temn'^oe, Jone<, Malloiy, M: >on, IVruee, Polk, Puizh,
Riee, Sebastian, Shclell, Thornton of New Jetscy, Toomb*,
and Yulee—"-IS.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I move to amend the first section
of the bill by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing heiein contained shall be so con-
strued as to lepeal oi alfeetthe fifth section of the act enti-
licd '• An act lcducingthe, duty on nnpoiu and for orhei pur-
poses," appioved the 30th day of July,m the year 1816.
[ will read that, section so that it may be under-
stood:
"S t:c. 5. *ftndbe it further cnattcd, That from and after
the 1st day of December next, in lieu of the bounty heie-
tofote authou/.od by law to be paid on the expoitation of
pickled fi-h of thefishenes of the United States, theie shall
be allowed, on thee spoliation thereof, if cured with foieign
salt, a drawback, equal m amount to the duty paid on the
&alt, and no mote, to b° a-~certa'ned under -uefi regulations
as may he piescuhod by the Seeietaiv of the Treasuiy.,>
I am willing to leave them with that drawback,
as given by the act of 1846.
Mr. CLAY. I do notthink the bill really needs
that amendment; but I will show the Senator how
to compass the same object m fewer words. The
bill now reads:
" That from and aft^r the 31 ?t da> of December, 1859, all
acts and paasof aet> Giving and allowioc bounties to vessels
employed m the: hank or othei codfishmxsbe.and the saute
are, heieby icpraled."
I propose, instead of the Senator's amendment,
to strike out the words, " and allowing bounties
to/'and, in lieu thereof, to insert, "allowances
or bounties on tonnage," which will distinguish
them from the drawbacks. At the same time I
will call the attention of the Senator to the fact
that originally, under all the laws, from 1780 up
to 1807, the same drawback was allowed on the
exportation of sal ted provisions, on beef and pork,
that waj allowed on exported fwh; and at this
day, while the value of exported fish is but little
over half a million dollars, the value of exported
beef and pork exceeds four millions. It is eight
times as great with no drawback at all; but still I
am willing to allow that. I suggest to the Sena-
tor from Ohio that the object he desires will be em-
braced within fewer words, and m much simpler
language, instead of his amendment, by making
that which I have suggested.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection to the form
of the amendment. I was well aware of the dis-
crepancy to which my friend alludes, but my ob-
ject was to show that we were not disposed to deal
with a harsh hand, and that these parties were
really substantially still left in possession of the
drawback originally designed to be given to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not care anything
about this particular proposition one way or the
other; but I will suggest to the Senators that if
the object be what they state, this will not effect
it, for pickled fish and cured cod fish are very dif-
ferent things. This gives no drawback on the
latter.
Mr. CLAY. Itleavcs thedrawbacksjustwhere
the law now puts them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; but the draw-
backs are given on pickled fish, and the bounty
on tonnage is given to cod fish—dried fish. "The
drawback is on mackerel and other pickled fish.
This proposition leaves the bounty on pickled
fish which is quite easy fishing, and takes it off
from the dangerous fishing.
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw my amendment if the
Senator from Alabama will propose to amend the
bill as he suggested.
Mr. CLAY. Yes,sir. My amendment is, in
lines four and five, to strike out the woids and
allowing bounties to," and to insertallowances
or bounties on tonnage of."
Mr. POLK. I understand from the Senator
from Maine that pickled fish is a very different <
thing from dried cod fish, and I want to know
whether, by the amendment of the Senator fiom
Alabama, dried and salted cod fish will be entitled
to drawback just as pickled fish ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. POLK. I would suggest to the Senator
from Alabama that they ought to stand on the
same level.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator would also think, I
suppose, that the beef and pork which his people
cure and export, ought to have the same allow-
ance in the way of drawback. They consume a
vast deal more salt, and by parity of reasoning
you ought to extend it to them all. Even when
this bill shall pass, the cod fishermen will still
enjoy, on all their exported pickled fish, a draw-
back which is not accorded to the beef and pork
packers of the West, although they contribute
upwards of four million dollars in value of ox-
ports, and the cod fishermen but little over half a
million.
Mr. POLK. The object of my remark was
this: not that these cod 'fishermen ought to have
a bounty that others may unjustly have, but that
the remedy has not gone quite far enough. I
think myself the beef and poik in the western
country are just as much entitled to drawback as
pickled fish or cod fish, and I am not willing that
either pickled fish or codfish shall be left in a better
position than beef.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from New Hampshire to pro-
pose an amendment.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; it is on the table, and
I want to have a vote on it.
The Secretary read Mr. Hale's amendment,
which is to add the following as an additional sec-
tion:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That all laws establishing a
naval school at Annapoh«, and a m-liMry >ehool at West
Point, be, and the same ate hereby, repealed.
Mr. HALE. I should like to have the yeag
and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Broderick, Carneion, Chandler, Clark,
Burkee, Foster, 11 ale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, johnson of
Tennessee. Tiumbnll, and Wade—1^.
NAYS—Allen, Bayard, Bell, Renpunm, TStglcr,
Blight, Brown. Clay, Clubman, Collamer, Cmtenden, Da-
vis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fiwpatuok, Foot, Green, Gwm,
Hammond, Hunter, fvcr^on. Johnson of Aikansa', Jones,
King, Malloiy, Ma*nu, Peaice, Polk, Fugh, Riee, £cbds-
