1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New-
York is not in order.
Mr. MORGAN. I am in order, but the Chair
is decidedly out of order.
The CHAIRMAN, (rapping with the gavel.)
The Chair is the judge of that.
Mr. MORGAN. The Chair may pound away
till doomsday, but he will hear me.
- Mr. LEITER. I insist that the rules of the
House be enforced.
Mr. MORGAN. If I did not know that I was
in order, I would make an apology and take my
seat. No man would do it sooner. But I am only
adhering; to ray rights, and I will have them.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Is the appeal
of the gentleman from New York debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide that
question in a moment.
Mr. KUNICEL, of Maryland. I wish to sug-
gest, that inasmuch as the gentleman from Indi-
ana has the floor 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana has the floor. The gentleman from New
York, however, raises a question of order, and
the Chair feels it to be his duty to read the rule
upon the subject.
Mr. MORGAN. If I am not in order, I will
apologize to the House and the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has com-
mitted no offense against the Chair. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORGAN. I did not suppose it would
be possible to offend the Chair, from what I have
seen of him.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule is as follows:
"125. Whenever the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, or the Committee of the VVtiule House,
finds itself without a quorum, the Chairman shall cause the
roll of the House to he called, and thereupon the commit-
tee shall rise, and the Chairman shall report the names of
the absentees to the House, which shall be entered on the
Journal."
Mr. MORGAN. I now ask that it be ascer-
tained if there is a quorum here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will count the
committee.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Before a count
is made, I desire to make a suggestion to the gen-
tleman from New Vork, who has taken this ap-
peal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland is not in order at this time.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I was about to
suggest to the gentleman from New York 
Mr. MORGAN. With all due deference to
the gentleman, I wish that it shall first be ascer-
tained if there is a quorum here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will entertain
the appeal of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. GROW. Did the Chair ascertain whether
there is a quorum present?
The CHAIRMAN. There is not.
Mr. GROW. Then the roll must be called.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Is the appeal
debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not in the judgment of
the Chair.
Mr. GROW. The rule is imperative, that when
the committee finds itself without a quorum the
roll shall be called.
The CHAIRMAN. The fact that there is no
quorum here has been ascertained by the Chair,
but not by the committee.
Mr. POTTER. How can you find out whether
there is a quorum here unless the roll is called ?
Mr. GROW. I understand the Chair to decide
that there is not a quorum here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not yet ;
decided. j
Mr. MORGAN. I ask for a division on the !
appeal. That will show whether there is a quo-
rum here or not. i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided that |
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Case] could ,
proceed, a quorum not being present, but the !
Chair having no means of ascertaining that fact, i
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Morgan] '
appeals from the decision of the Chair; and the
question is, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee ?"
Mr. MORGAN. Oil that question I ask for
tollers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan,
and Kojkel, of Maryland, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 2, noes 20; no quorum voting.
The roll was accordingly called, and the follow-
ing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adrain, Ahi, Anderson, Andrews, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdale, Bennett, Bitiingliurst, Blair, Bliss, Bo-
cock, Branch, Burtingame, Burnett, Burns, Burroughs,
Campbell, Carutliers, Uhaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Hor-
ace F. Clark, Clemens, Clingrnan, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane,
John Cochrane, Cockerill, Covode, Cragin, James Craig,
Crawford, Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Jndiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Da-
vis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dimmiek, Durfee,
Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eustis, Farnsworth,
Faulkner, Foley, Garnett,Gartreii, Gilhs, Gilman, Gilmer,
Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Greenwood, Groesbeck, Law-
rence W. Hall, Robert. B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris. Thomas
h. Harris, Ilaskin, Hatch, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Houston,
Ilughes, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen Jones,
Keitt, Kellogg, Kelly, Kelsey, Knapp, John C. Kunkel,
Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Maclay, McKibbin, McQueen,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Matte-
son, Miles, Miiler, Millson, Montgomery, Moore, Morrill,
Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Nib-
lack, Palmer, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips,
Pike, Pottle, Powell, Purvianee, Quitman, Ready, Reagan,
Iteilly, Ricaud, Ritchie, Royce, Ruflin, Russell, Sandidge,
Savage, Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw,
Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Shorter, Sickles, Single-
ton, Robert Smith, SamuelA. Smith, William Smith, Stan-
ton, Stephens, Stevenson, Talbot, Tappan, George Taylor,
Miles Taylor, Thayer, Trippe, Underwood, Walbridge,
Walton, Ward, Warren, Ellihu B. Washburne, Watkins,
White, Wilson, Winslow, Wood, Woodson, Augustus R.
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollieofier.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Florence reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had hadunder consideration the Union gen-
erally, and especially House bill No. 6, making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th June, 1859, and finding itself without a
.quorum, had caused the roll to be called and the
"absentees noted, and had instructed him to report
the names of the absentees to the House—there ,
being only sixty-nine members present.
Oil motion of Mr. LETCHER (at fifteen min-
utes to six o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 11, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. F. W. Green.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of residents
of the city of Washington, in the District of Co-!
lumbia, for an appropriation for lighting Four- !
and-a-half street, in that city, with gas, from i
Pennsylvania avenue to the Arsenal; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Alex-
ander C. Good, in behalf of Ins wife, heir, and
co-heirs of John Swan, late of Bai ti more, deceased,
praying for indemnity for spoliations by the
French prior to the year 1800; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the memorial of
John Siiaw, praying for remuneration for losses
sustained by him in furnishing six companies of
rangers on the Mississippi with provisions, am-
munition, &c., during the last war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin, in behalf of the claims of John.
Shaw to pay for services as a spy or scout in the
war of 1812, and compensation for losses sus-
tained in furnishing supplies for the Missouri and
Illinois mounted rangers during the war; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented five petitions of cit-
izens of Philadelphia, praying that the proposals
of Thomas Rainey for carrying the mails between
Philadelphia and Brazil, touching at Savannah
and certain places in the West Indies, may be
accepted; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the legal representative of
James Purvis be withdrawn fjom the files of the senate
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. CAMKBO^, it was
Ordered, Thatthe memorial of Mr*. A. P. Domofc. widow
of William S. Derrick, on the file* of the Seiiate.be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
it was
Ordered, That the petition of George J. Knight, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims,
Oh motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
it was
Ordere I, That the petition of Theresa Dardenne, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate any information in
possession of any of the Executive Departments in relation
to alleged discoveries o! guano in the year 1855, and the
measures taken to ascertain the correctness of the same;
and also any report made to the Navy Department in rela-
tion to the discovery of guano in Jarvis and Baker's Isl-
ands, with the charts, soundings, and sailing directions for
those islands.
Mr. PITCH submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to communicate to the Senate copies of all instructions
from his Deparjment to the United States marshal for the
diatriet of Utah.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate such information as his Depart-
ment affords in relation to the sale of Fort Crawford mili-
tary reservation, within the State of Iowa,
PRINTING DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 307)
providing for deficiencies in the public printing,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment. There is a pressing necessity for its
immediate passage. It is a bill providing for pay-
ment for work actually done, the money for which
is due, and the Printers want it very much. I
hope it will be taken up and considered now.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
307) to appropriate money to supply deficiencies
in the appropriation for paper, printing;, binding,
and engraving ordered by the Senate and House
of Representatives of the Thirty-Third and Thif-
ty-Fourth Congresses, and which has been exe-
cuted, was considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
! Mr. HALE. Read the bill through.
! The Secretary read it. For the purpose of de-
■ fraying the deficiencies in the appropriations for
; the paper for the printing, for the printing, and
1 for the binding, engraving, and lithographing
! ordered by the Senate and House of Represent-
; atives of the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth
| Congresses, it appropriates the following sums:
; To pay for paper, $104,000; to pay for the print-
I ing ordered by the Senate and House of Repre-
I sentatives during the Thirty-Third and Thirty-
| Fourth Congresses, $57,619 94; to pay for the
| binding, lithographing, and engraving ordered by
I the Senate during the Thirty-Third and Thirty-
; Fourth Congresses, $179,569 64.
■ Mr. HUNTER. These are amounts that were
' reported, after close scrutiny, by the Committee
of Ways and Means of the House of Represent-
atives, oil an estimate presented by the Superin-
; tendent of Public Printing.
| The bill was reported to the Senate without
i amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
! third time, and passed,
j EPHRAIM HUNT.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is nothing be-
i fore the Senate of particular importance, I should
. like to have a little bill taken up. It is a bill (S.
'■ No. 107) for the relief of Ephraim Hunt. It has
! passed the Senate twice, and been unanimously
! reported a third time.
I There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 107)
for the relief of Ephraim Hunt was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
! Whole.
1 It directs the proper accounting officers of the
, Treasury to settle and adjust the claim of Ephraim
Hunt, of the State of Maine, for bounty and pay
■ for service, as a private in the Army of the Uni-
ted States, from the 25th of September, 1813, to
the 14th of September, 1815; and to allow and pay
him the same bounty and the same pay as he
