1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2083
tmn, Seward, Shield-*, Simmons, Slidell, Stuart, Toombs,
Wilson, and Vulee—39.
So the amendment was rcjcctcd.
Mr. ALLEN. I propose this amendment as
an additional section:
Slc. 2. And he it further enactcdy Thntall dutiu? on salt
im;>oited into the (Jnited State- from and alter the 31st day
of December, 18)9, bo, and tlic same arc hereby, irpeaied.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask for the
yeas and nays on that.
Ml*. MASON. Before the question is put on
ordering the yeas and nays to be taken, I would
suggest, as my impression, that this amendment
is not m order, because itis affecting the revenue,
and the Senate, as we are all aware, is not the
body to originate any measure concerning the
raising of revenue, whether it comes in the form
of an amendment, or an original proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. That has been decided, on
solemn decision by the Senate, upon ? bill intro-
duced by Mr. McDu{Tie, when Senator from South
Carolina. It was returned by the Committee on
finance with a resolution that it was unconstitu-
tional, and in that resolution, [ believe, every Sen-
ator but four or five concurred. Certainly itis
out of oi dor.
Mr. HALE. I should like to inquire whether
that bill of Mr. McDufne did not, in some partic-
ular case, raise the revenue? We certainly can-
not originate revenue bills here; butl never heard
tnat we could not amend them or could not di-
minish the* amount of duty.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. McDuffie would not have
been apt to present a bill raising the revenue, but
his bill reduced it.
Mr. STUA PT. This is no question of order,
certainly; even if the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason7] is right, he does not pretend that it is a
question of order to be decided by the Chair.
Mr. M VSON. I submitted it to the Senator
#who offered the proposition for his consideration,
Mr. HUNTER. Itis a question of order. If
the Constitution says no such lulls shall originate
here, it is as much a question of order as if our
rules had said so. It is the very highest ques-
tion of order.
Mr. SIMMONS. The provision of the Con-
stitution is, that bills for raising revenue shall
onginate in the House of Representatives. In the
case referred to by the Senator fiom Virginia,
[Mr. Huxter,] the bill introduced by the Senator
rrom South Carolun proposed that after such a
time, the duties should be twenty per cent, upon
all importations. If that had passed, it would have
been the revenue' bill of the country, and twenty
I ter cent, would then have been the rate to be levied.
But this will not be a revenue bill when it passes.
That bill would have been the revenue bill of the
country, if it had been adopted by Congress, and
therefore it could not originate in the Senate; but
this will not be a revenue bill if you pass it. It
is competent to make anything free in a bill here,
but jt would not be competent to leave a dutiable
article in a bill thatorigmated lieie. That, I think,
is a clear distinction.
Mr. STUART. The suggestion I wish to make
is tins: it never would do for the Senate of the
United States to hold that the Vice President of
the United States could,upon a question of order,
determine whether they could consider a subject
at all: that would never answer, even u the Sen-
ator was right, that this is a revenue bill beyond
ail question. Cat. sir, this is not a proposition
tailing within the provision of the Constitution; it
does not propose to raise revenue. In the first
plane it is an amendment; and (hough it is not
allow able to make such an amendment to a bill as
will cover the raising of the revenues of the coun-
try, it is competent always to introduce an amend-
ment to abolish a jiciiticulai revenue: a single pro-
vision anywhere. You can do u here ad in the
other House. The reason of the Constitution: is
verv plain—that the immediate Representatives
of the people should determine the manner ami
extent of raising the taxes of the country and im-
posing those taxes; but the Senate may introduce
a proposition to abolish the duty on a particular
article. The suggestion I make, however, is one
more Important than that. It is that it will never
do tor the Senate of the United States to saythat
the Vice President, who is by the Consruut.on
made ihePreMdimx Ola< ei of this body, shah have
powei to detenrunc whether we shall consider a
raihjeet or not.
Mr. SEWARD. Before this question is taken
I want to understand the views of that portion of
the Senate who sustain this proposition. If I re-
member rightly, the amount of revenue derived
from the salt duties is $500,000; and that is a con-
siderable item of revenue for the present year. I
understand that the object of this proposition is
to benefit the fishermen so much. The benefit
which will result to the fishermen, as I under-
stand the calculation, is about two thousand five
hundred dollars. It will be a reduction of $2,500;
so that we reduce the revenue $500,000 to make
a saving of $2,500. Now T want to know how
the $500,000 is to be made up—whether we are
to borrow the money or not ?
Mr. CLAY. I understand the Senator to ob-
ject to this amendment repealing the salt duty,
on the ground that it reduces the revenue.
Mr. SEWARD. I do so.
Mr. CLAY. I will tell the Senator at once
how it will be made up. If this bill passes you
will save to the Treasury more that is now ex-
pended in the way of bounty than you take into
it in the way of duty; and I say that, without
pledging myself to support the amendment.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before Senators
speak to tliis amendment, the Chair will answer
the question that was made on a point of order.
It does not appear to the Chair that itis a proper
subject for him to decide as a question of oider,
whether a proposed amendment is constitutional .
or not. i
Mr. MASON. I wish to disclaim having made '
anv question of order for the Chair to decide. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. Th- Clum-dul not
understand the Senator from Virginia to have
made it as sueh.
Mr. MASON. I made only a suggestion to the
Senator who offered the amendment.
Mr. ALLEN. Seven hundred and thirty-six
thousand dollars wore paid for fishing bounties
during the last two years. The duty on salt, in
the same period, taking the amount of salt fiom
the printed documents, was ^591,000, allowing
fifteen per cent, duty on the article imported, so
that the Government will save nearly two hun-
dred thousand dollars by my proposition. The
Government lias paid out nearly two hundred
thousand dollars more to the fishermen thin it
has received in duty on salt m the last two years.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the Senator from
Rhode Island a question. How much do the du-
ties on salt amount to annually r
Mr.CLAY. I can tell the Senator. Theyhave
aveiaged m the last decade less than tlnee hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Air. ALLEN. The allowance in 1856 was
$993,000; m 1S57, $'703,000
Mr. WILSON. I understand that this prop-
osition, to abolish the duty on salt, is made for
the interests of the fishermen. Now, sir, I have
made some estimate upon this matter, and I think
tr.o benefit to the fishermen does not exceed twen-
ty-five hundred dollars; find 1 do not'beheve, on a ;
close examination, it will amount to over twenty- '
two bundled dollais. If Senatois wish to repeal 1
the duty on salt, I do not know that I shall in- '
terpose any objection; but if they wish to put it ,
upon this lull, because they have stricken down
this bounty of $300,0(10 annually, for the benefit 1
of the fishermen, I tell them that theyhave taken
off from the fishermen of my State $150,000, and ■
have relieved them, by abolishing this duty on ;
salt, to the extent of eleven or twelve bundled dol-
lars.
Mr. BAYARD. I entirely differ with the lion-
orable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Siuaili ,] as
to the amendment offered by the Senator from
Rhode Island. I believe it to he clearly unconsti-
tutional. I can view the terms used in the Con-
stitution of the United States, that bills to laise
revenue must originate in the House ot Repre-
sentatives—whether that pro\ lsion be wise or un-
wise, it is immaterial—m no other light than as
including any bill which increases or decieases
the rates of duty. Any bill which afreets the im-
posts of the country foi the purpose of revenue,
is a bill to laise revenue within the meaning of
the Constitution. It meant that bills connected
with the ie\e)iuesof the count; y—that us. which
ruber inoieases or diminishes tV-m—^houhl  >i i-
ginate m the House ot Repre-r'nitatives. With-
out that, the provision is entirely nugitory. If
you can introduce into a bill for another purpose
a clause which diminishes the revenue, you make
a revenue bill within the intent of the Constitu-
tion. Take the case of a bill introduced in the
Senate reducing, but not abolishing, all the duties
imposed by the tariff act, under what law would
the then duties be raised? Would they not be
raised under the new law if you passed it; and
would not that come within the intent and mean-
ing of the Constitution? If you affect directly,
by a diminution or increase, the imposts of the
country by a bill,xt is a bill to raise revenue; and
the Constitution has chosen to provide that a bill
of that character shall originate in the House of
Representatives; and, for one, I am not willing to
depart from the Constitution.
Mr. BELL. I do not pretend to enter into the
argument of this question; but the more consid-
eration I have been able to bestow on the subject,
satisfies me that this is probably not a proper time
to attempt to settle it. When the honorable Sen-
ator from Alabama made his argument, urging the
repeal of these fishing bounties, I felt that there
was great weight and force in it, and it made great
impression on my mind ; but questions of this de-
scription may not be proper to be decided at all
times with the small degree of consideration that
may be given to them here. They are connected
with other great points of policy, and connected
with the best interests of the country. Itappears
to me, after all I have heard, that although there
is great strength in the argument for the abolition
of these bounties, whatever stiong reasons may
have induced their establishment in the first place,
and whatever justice and sound policy there may
have been m t heir origin, yet this is probably not
a well-timed proposition, and it had better be urged
under other circumstances, and at a different time.
The amendment now pending before the Senate
demonstrates the sound policy of deferring the
final consideration of this whole subject. Here
we have presented to us the question whether we
shall iepeal the duties upon the importation of
foreign salt; and that connects itself with thegen-
eral revenue policy of the country. The original
proposition in the bill of the Senator from Ala-
bama also connects itself with great points of do-
mestic policy.
The honorable Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Clay,] and the honorable Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Mallory,] have undertaken to say that the
doctrine of a protective policy in this country is
so far discarded from the consideration of all sen-
sible men, that there is not a Senator on this floor
bold enough to avow himself the advocate of it.
The bill presented l^y the Senator from Alabama
is connected directly with ihat subject. It brings
up the question of how far we ought to go in the
protection of any great interest of the country ne-
cessary for its public defense, or its independence
in time of war, or m any other aspect in which
such a proposition could be presented. I beg leave
to say that the Senator from Alabama and the Sen-
ator from Florida may find themselves very gross-
ly mistaken when they undertake to assume that
the policy of protection is so far abandoned that no
man has the courage or the, boldness now, at this
late day, to stand up or maintain it, or of any re-
strictions upon commerce, with the view of sup-
porting or giving encouiagemert to domestic in-
dustry against foreign competition. In saying
this, I do not mean to say that I am in favor of
the protective policy to any unlimited extent, or
generally; but 1 am an advocate for the protective
policy to a limited extent. When the suggestion
to which I have just alluded was made the other
day, I said to the gentleman neai mc, [Mr. Dux-
j amix,] kS are you, as a Representative of Louis-
iana, wilbng to say that you are opposed to a
protective policy to the extent that honorable
Senators on the other side have avowed their op-
position to it:'5 and so I might have said to other
gentlemen representing particular interests; and
when I speak of them as representing particular
imprests, I do not nn an to say that any Senator
here, who regards the great genera! mtei ests of the
United States, ought m govern or control his pol-
icy m this Chamber by itfercncc to any isolated
or partlculai or local interest.
The honorable Senator fiom Louisiana, when
he and I came to ox-plain our individual opinions
on that subject, had no dsffi rere'O. The sugges-
<ion made was that no man hero now was bold
enough to rise up and say that he was m favor of
