APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
* 35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the United States provides for the ocean as well
as British transit conveyance of the Prussian
closed mails; but the general balance must con-
tinue to be largely against the United States while
so great a proportion of the mails are conveyed
by British packets. Whether it is more desirable
to be subject to this outlay for the transmission
of our mails abroad than to incur probably a still
greater expense in fully providing our own means
of ocean transportation, is for the wisdom of Con-
gress to determine. If, fortunately, as before sug-
gested, our steamship companies, aided by re-
ceipts from passengers and merchandise, shall
find sufficient encouragement to establish linos of
steamers, and carry the mails for the postages
thereon, it will be a great point gained. On this
principle, were it practicable, I would be pleased
not only to see the number of trips increased upon
existing lines, particularly to the continent, but
all the lines put in operation which have been,
or may be, projected by our enterprising citizens.
Among these are the proposed lines from Norfolk
to Milford Haven; from New Orleans to Bor-
deaux; from New York to Antwerp, Hamburg,
or Gluckstadt; from Savannah to Para, in South
America; from Panama to Valparaiso,&e. This
whole subject is worthy the serious consideration
of Congress; and I venture to hope that such
action may be taken upon it, at an early day, as
that the Department may clearly understand its
duty in the promises. Whether the present lines
are to be continued, and the trips increased, on
the expiration of the contracts, or new ones estab-
lished, at a cost, in each instance, exceeding what
they may cam in postages, and, if so, at what
expense in each case, 1 respectfully submit to
Congress to decide.
A postal convention has been concluded between
the United States and France, having been signed
on the part of the United States by my immediate
predecessor, and on the part of France by the
French Minister, on the 2d of March last, and has
been in operation since the 1st of April. The
rate of postage for lettcisof the weight of one
quarter ounce or under is fifteen cents, irrespect-
ive of the route, whether through England or
direct, by which they are conveyed. France
accounts to Great Britain for the British sea and
transit postage, as explained in the articles of
agreement hereto annexed. This is the first
postal convention between the two countries.
A postal convention lias also been concluded
with the llanseatic Republic of Hamburg, simi-
lar in all respects to that, existing between the
United States and Bremen—tbe rales of postage
under both being the same. It was finally exe-
cuted in June last, and went in to effect on tin; ist
of July. The articles are annexed.
Negotiations are pending Cor a radical change
of our postal anangements with Great Britain;
but as the proposition of the British office, in its
present shape, cannot be acceded lo,and'Us it in-
volves, also, a preliminary agreement requiring
the sanction of the ticaty-making Powers, de!i-
nite action upon it lias been necessarily postponed
for the present.
CITY POSTS.
With the view to facilitate the receipt and de-
livery of letters in New York, Boston, and Phil-
adelphia, the postmasters in those cities have
been instructed to make improvements in their
letter-carrier system to the full extent authorized
by law. In New York, 1 found that nearly every-
thing had been done that could be accomplished
under existing laws, except the transmission of
drop letters direct to their addiess without goiu^
into the mam office, which is now done. Six
stations, or sub-offices, had been established, at
which, as well as at the principal ofiicc, the letters
wore sorted and passed into the hands of ihe car-
riers, and a large number of boxes for the collec-
tion of letters had been placed at convenient dis-
tances throughout the city. On all letters through
the mail the carriers receive two cents each for
delivery, and on drop letters one cent. I had
hoped to be able to reduce the delivery fee to the
uniform price of one cent; but this was found im-
practicable in New York and"Philadelphia, inas-
much as the law requires that the entire cost of
delivery shall be defrayed out of the carriers'
receipts. In Boston, where the districts are all
comparatively densely populated, one ccnt a letter
is made to pay. The postage on drop letters, in-
cluding the carrier's fee, is now two cents; and
upon the improved plan now adopted for their
delivery direct from the main office, or the nearest
station, as the case may be, it is believed that the
public convenience will be fully subserved. In
cach of these cities there are to be from four to six
deliveries a day; and the letters for mailing, &c.,
are to bo collected and disposed of as frequently
as occasion may require. I do not feelatliberty
to advise the free delivery of letters by carriers;
but I would recommend a modification of the
present law, so as to give the Postmaster General
authority to have the delivery made at one ccnt a
letter, whether the carrier's receipts arc sufficient
to meet expenses or not. If the improved system
is found to work satisfactorily in the three cities
above mentioned, it is my purpose to extend it to
all the other principal cities in the United States.
EXPRESS AGENTS.
One of the prominent subjects which have de-
manded my attention is that of providing more
effectually for the regularity and safety of mails
conveyed on railroads. Owing to the large num-
ber of separate bags on the great through lines,
the frequent changes of cars, and the brief time
al'owed, in most cases, for that purpose, great
care is necessary to guard against mistakes and
losses. This is more especially important to the
letter-mail pouches, which arc exchanged between
the principal cities and towns having railroad con-
nections in all sections of the country, however
remote. In order that they may receive due at-
tention at all points, agents of this Department are
required, and also a regular system of accounta-
bility for the performance of their duties. The
beginning of such a system was made by my im-
mediate predecessor, and my aim has been to
extend and improve it as much as possible. Its
mam features are, briefly, as follows: In the post
office at the. end of each separate route, as appor-
tioned to mail agents, (say Washington and Phil-
adelphia,) and at the prominent intermediate
points, lists are kept, showing the pouches for-
warded; which lists are receipted by the route or
mail agent, who thus becomes directly responsi-
ble for a certain number of pouchcs for certain
specified points. Upon delivering the same into
post offices, to mail messengers, or to an agent
on a connecting route, he takes receipts to show
the fulfillment of lus duties. In addition, it is
required, on some routes, that full and carcful
accounts be kept, in book form, of all pouches, so
as to show wlieie they are received,how labeled,
and how disposed of. By such means it becomes
practicable to trace missing pouches, and there is
also kept alive a sense of lesponsibility on the
part of agents, impelling them to greater watch-
fulness in performing duties which, from their
laborious and monotonous nature, might other- j
wise insensibly become, in a measure,niechaaicul, !
and not occupy so much of the mind as their im- j
portance demands. Moreover, all irregularities
111 any way chargeable to agents can be "traced to
their true source, so that suspicion in no ease
attaches to innocent parties. For such reasons,
apart from an interest ill the service generally,
which is presumed to be felt by all agents of the
Department, the system in question has com-
mended itself favorably to all who have been called
011 to give it attention. Its details are not yet per-
fected; but it is regarded as the icg'iiniiigof a work
winch must be gradually advanced and improved,
under the teaching of experience, until it shall
fully accomplish that for which it was designed, j
Experiments have been made on the great rail- !
road lines between New York and Montgomery,
Alabama, and Nashville, Tennessee, which have
shown the advantages of the system as now ex-
isting, and given ample encouragement that it
will be made more useful in the future.
On some of the principal western lines—as
from Buffalo, New York, to Chicago, Illinois,
and St. Louis—accounts of mail pouches are
kept, but not quite so satisfactorily as oil the other
lines referred to, owing chiefly to tile fact that the
larger proportion of what arc called through
' iiiculs go by "express trains," in charge of
baggage masters, and not the affents of this De-
partment. The latter travel 011 other trains, for
the purpose of delivering mails to numerous post
offices on the way where " express trains" do
not regularly stop; and it has been considered an
unnecessary expense to appoint agents simply
to deliver bags, when the railroad companies are
paid as well for that service as for conveying
them, there being express stipulations to that
effect in all contracts. These views are undoubt-
edly correct in theory, but experience has shown
that railroad companies cannot be made to ap-
point persons to give the mails due attention in
all cases, and there is, therefore, 110 alternative
but to multiply largely the number of agents of
the Department 011 all groat routes where im-
portant mails now go without them. In addition
to the western routes just alluded to, there are
many others of equal grade in the same category.
The principal mails between Philadelphia, Balti-
more, and Washington, and the West, for in
stance, have been nominally eared for by baggage
masters, but who, having other duties equally
if not more important in their estimation, have
not" always duly attended to the mails. Especial-
ly is it found that they cannot be induced.to ac-
count for pouchcs, as desired by the Department.
Believing that such a state of things should bo
remedied, I have placed agents on the express
lines between Baltimore and Cincinnati, and
Philadelphia and Cincinnati, and required each
one to run through the whole distance between
those cities. Starting, say at Baltimore, an agent
will give a receipt for the several pouches accord-
ing to their destination, and the same will also
be entered on a " way bill." For mails received
and delivered on the route, receipts are to be ex-
changed and entries made on the " bill,"and the
agent will go through in the shortest possible
time to Cincinnati, and deliver his mails and way
bill for examination at the post office. If de-
tained from any cause, he is to go forward by
the first opportunity, and in no case to allow pas-
sengers to outstrip him; and he must report to
the postmasters the particulars of all delays,
with their causes, for publication, immediately
on reaching his final destination, so that the pub-
lic shall be fully informed on the subject, and
know where blame rests. In this way one indi-
vidual is held responsible, without chance of
evasion, for the whole distance; whereas, under
the ordinary division of duties, the mails would
pass through the hands of perhaps five or six
persons, rendering it always difficult and some-
times impracticable to know with certainty, in
ease of irregularities, who is really blamable.
Similar agencies will be established between
New York and Cincinnati, and "Cincinnati and
St. Louis, and on other great routes, and all possi-
ble piecautions adopted to insure the regularity
and safety of the mails.
It is frequently charged that the mails have not
uniformly equal expedition with travelers on rail-
roads; and, 111 so far as this may be the fact, it is
considered attributable to the want of attention to
the mails 011 the express lines which are without
agents of this Department. The evil, therefore,
can only be remedied by employing additional
agents to accompany mails long distances with-
out changing, and guard against all delays that
can possibly be avoided, and especially to see
that passengers enjoy 110 advantages over the
mails, but that both are equally expedited under
all circumstances.
It may be proper to add in this connection that
the preparation of all necessary forms and instruc-
tions for maintaining accountability on routes
where this work is already commenced, and for
extending it generally as proposed, will involve
an amount of additional labor which cannot bo
performed with the present clerical force.
NEW ORLEANS AND NEW YORK ROUTE.
For a number of years the attention of Con-
gress and of the commercial public has been di-
rected to the necessity of adopting measures to
insure greater speed and regularity in the trans-
mission of the mails between New 'York and New
Orleans, the recognized centers, as these cities
are, of two great commercial circles, conduct-
mg by far the larger portion of the importing and
expoiting trade of the whole country. The inter-
est felt in the subject has been manifested, from
time to time, in the presentation to Congress
of memorials from citizens, chambers of "com-
