1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate &e Ho. of Reps.
merce, and State Legislatures, praying that means
might be employed to effect increased expedi-
tion and certainty in the transmission of these
maib; and in the subsequent passage of resolu-
tions by both Houses, calling on tVie Postmaster
General to report the causes of the failures and
delays referred to by the memorialists, and to state
whether any and what legislation was necessary
to accomplish the object of their prayers.
The great northern and southern mails are
transported by railroad from New York, via Phil-
adelphia, Washington, Richmond, Petersburg,
Weldon, Wilmington, Kingsville, Augusta,Mil-
lin, Macon, and Columbus, to Montgomery,
thence by coach to Stockton, and thence by steam-
boat to Mobile and New Orleans. The service
is twice daily between New York and Montgom-
ery, and daily between Montgomery and New
Orleans. The time prescribed in the contract
schedules for the performance of the through trip
is six days; but the instances in which this speed
is actually attained constitute rather the excep-
tions than the rule. Of 6Q7 mails sent from New
York to New Orleans within the year ending 31st
March, 1856, only 163 were carried through in
six days, the time occupied in the transportation
of the remaining 464 fanging from seven to twelve
days. Of 369 mails sent in the same year from
New Orleans to New York, only 153 were car-
ried through in six days, the remaining 316 rang-
ing from seven to fourteen days. Of 651 mails
sent from New York to New Orleans within the
year ending 31st March, 1857, only 159 were car-
ried through in six days, the remaining 492 rang-
ing from seven to twenty days. Of 363 mails
sent in the same year from New Orleans to New
York, 161 were carried through in six days, the
remaining 202 occupying from seven to sixteen
days. No mail was received at New Orleans
from New Y ork on sixty-five several days within
the year ending 31stMarch, 1856;andon ninety-
six several days within the same year no mail
was received at New York from New Orleans.
Thirty-five similar failures occurred at New Or-
leans during the year ending 31st March, 1857,
and ninety-seven at New York. The failures at
intermediate points, going south, during the year
ending 31st March,1856,amounted to 331;going
north, to 263. During the year ending 31stMarch,
1857, the failures going south were 284; going
north, 324. The average time occupied in the
performance of the through trip from New York
to New Orleans, during the year ending 31st
March, 1856, was seven days, four hours; from
New Orleans to New York, seven days, one hour.
For the year ending 31st March, 1857, the aver-
age time from New York to New Orleans was
seven days, three hours; from New Orleans to
New York, six days, twenty hours. The short-
est time cither way, in cither year, was six clays;
the longest going south, in the year ending 31st
March, 1856, was twelve days;going north, four-
teen days. In the year endnig31st March, 1857,
the longest time going south was twenty days;
going north, sixteen days.
The inconvenience occasioned by these delays
and failures js aggravated by the fact that by far
the larger portion of them occur within the winter
months—from October to March,inclusive—com-
prising the period during which the great mass
of the commercial operations of the year trans-
pire. Thus, of the one hundred and sixty-three
mails carried through in six days from New York
to New Orleans, in the year ending 31st of March,
185G, only forty-six were transmitted within the
winter months. Of one hundred and fifty-three
carried through in six days, in the same year,
from New Orleans to New York, only forty-three
were transmitted within the winter months. Of
one hundred and fifty-nine carried through in six
days from New YorktoNcwOrIcans,in the year
ending 31st of March, 1857, only fifty-six were
transmitted dunngthe winter season. And of one
hundred and sixty-one carried through in six
days, in the same year, from New Orleans to
New York, only forty-nine were transmitted
during the winter months. Of sixty-five failures,"
in (he vear ending 31st of March, lP5f!,to receive
any mail at New Orleans from New York, forty-
six occurred during the winter. Of ninety-six
failures, in the same year, to receive any mail at
New York from New Orleans, fifty-four occurred
in the winter. Of thirty-five similar failures at
New Orleans, in the year ending the 31st of
March, 1857, thirty occurred in the winter; and
of ninety-seven at New York, sixty-one occurred
in the winter. Nearly four fifths of all the fail-
ures at intermediate points, in each year, trans-
pired during the winter months. The average
time of the through tripsfrom New York to New
Orleans, for the six summer months ending with
September, 1855, was six days, eighteen hours;
for the six succeeding winter months, the average
was seven days, fifteen hours; for both together,
seven days, four hours. The average time from
New Orleans to New York, for the same year,
was, for the summer, six days, eleven hours; for
the winter, seven days, fourteen hours; for both,
seven days, one hour. The average time from
New York to New Orleans, for the six summer
months ending with September, 1856, was six
days, seventeen hours; for the six succeeding
winter months, seven days, thirteen hours; for
both, seven days, three hours. The average time,
the same year, from New Orleans to New York,
was, for the summer, six days, nine hours; for
the winter,seven days,eight hours; for both, six
days, twenty hours.
The causes uniformly assigned for these fail-
ures and delays are such as these: "Cars off the
track," " Collision of trains," " Machinery de-
ranged," "High winds," "Snow storms and
ice," " Snow drifts," " Road injured by heavy
rains," " Bridge broken," &c. They are such,
too, as necessarily attach to the description of
service employed. The line between New York
and New Orleans is composed of sixteen differ-
ent links, or routes, the service on each being
performed under a separate and distinct contract,
having annexed to it, as a material part, a sched-
ule of departures and arrivals, by which the con-
tractors are to be respectively governed. To secure
the speediest practicable transmission of the mails
over the whole lino, the connections between these
links must necessarily be close, and each separate
road must lie put up to its greatest average running
power. Under these circumstances, a very slight
accident upon any one of the roads occasions a
failure on its part to form a connection with the
succeeding link, and the consequence is a loss, in
the through trip, of twelve or twenty-four hours,
accordingly as the service on that part of the line
is double or single daily. Periods occur every
winter when the transmission of the mail is sus-
pended for days together by reason of snow
storms. During the last winter it was arrested
for ten days at one point on the line, and at others
for seven, eight, and nine days together.
Among the routes established by law during
the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress
were two <! -.scribed in the following words:
" From Cedar Key, Florida, to New Orleans,
Louisiana, iu steamers." "From Fernandina,
Florida, to New York, New York, in steamers."
In advertising these routes, the Department,
believing that they were designed, in connection
with a kiiIroad in course of construction across
the peninsula of Florida, from Fernandina to
Cedar Key, to constitute a new route from New
York to Now Orleans, with a view to the speedier
and more certain transmission of the great north-
ern and southern mails, invited bids for tri-weekly
and also for daily service, and requested bidders
to state the least time in which they would guar-
anty to perform the trip. The railroad part of
the line was not embraced in the advertisement,
the act of 1845 (section 19) authorizing the Post-
master General to contract for the transportation
of the mails on railroads with or without adver-
tising.
In response to the invitations of the Depart-
ment, the Florida Railroad Company presented
the following proposals:
1st. To carry the mails tri-weekly in steamers
between Cedar Key and New Orleans, the trip to
bo performed in thirty-eight hours each way, at
£] 10,000 per annum.
2d. To carry the mails tri-weekly in steamers
between Fernandina an J New Yoik, the trip to
be performed in seventy-five hours each way, at
§165,000 per annum.
3d. To carry the mails tri-weekly or daily in
steamers from New York to Fernandina, thence
by railroad across the peninsula of Florida to
Cedar Key, and thence in steamers to New (Or-
leans, and back, the trip each way to be performed!
within five days, at $300,000 per annum for tri-
weekly, or §500,000 per annum for daily service
—to commence on the completion of the railrow
between Fernandina and Cedar Key, and' the con'--
tract to be renewed for four years from' tbe eXJ>i*-
ration of the currentterm, (i. e., June 30,1859. J
In a subsequent correspondence between the
Department and the bidders they gave assufaneesi
of their ability to pei-form the through trip 6rdt- -
narily within four days, and stated that in fixing
five as the limit they had allowed ample mafgiri
for any such detentions as were likely to result
from accidents, head winds, or storms. They also
submitted the following modification of their pro-
posals :
"The company wilt perform a daily service throughout
the year for the sum of $456,250.
" To insure a five days' mail they will guaranty the time $
or, in other words, no pay will be demanded for any trip not
performed within five days between the terminal points of
the route, viz.: New York and Now Orleans.
" The Company will also stipulate that at any time during
the contract, when required by the Department, upon three
months' notification, they will convey a mail from Cedaif
Key to Aspunvall, Greytown, or Huasacualco, (as preferred!
by the Department,) and back, twice monthly, and ftoiE
Cedar Key to Key West and Havana and back twice
monthly, the compensation for both services ta be $1001,000
per annum.
" The time between Cedar Key and Aspmwall guarantied
not to exceed one hundred and twenty hours, and between
Cedar Key and Havana not to exceed thuty-five hourS.
"if Greytown or Huasacualco be selected, the timeto.be
proportionately reduced.
" The sei vice to Havana and the Pacific crossing to start
from Tampa, instead of Cedar Key, when the read to that
point is completed."
The transportation of the great northern and
southern mails by the proposed new route would
obviously be free from many of the causes of in-
terruption and delay to which the land route is
subject. The whole line would be under contract
to a single party, with a schedule fixing the period
within winch the entire trip should be performed;
whereas, by the present arrangement, sixteen dif-
ferent parties are employed in the service, with
separate schedules, cach of which must be ex-
actly complied with to insure the performance of
the through trip in contracttime. The running
time proposed, also, is one day less than the least
in which it has proved practicable to transport the
mails by land, and more than two days less than
the actual average. The liability of mails to dep-
redation and to misdirection by frequent over-
hauling and distribution would be obviated, in the
proposed arrangement, by inclosing the matter in
crates or boxes in New York or New Orleans,
and transporting it unopened to its destination;
and thus, also, the abrasion of packages, with tho
consequent liability to loss of directions, &c.,
would be prevented—a consideration of no email
value, in view of the generally bad condition 6"f
the document mail on its arrival in the south-
western States, and thn too frequent failure of
such matter to reach its proper destination.
The establishment of the proposed service,
while it would not interfere with the carriage of
the local mails on the inland route, would relieve
the Department from liability to embarrassments
under which it has at times been placed in con-
sequence of being dependent on a single line for
the transmission of the through mails; and it
would be productive, both to the Department and
tho public, of other advantages naturally arising
from the competition it would create.
The inducement it would offer to the mercantile
community to insure the due transmission of their
communications by duplicate letters, to be for-
warded by both routes, would be a source of in-
creased revenue to the Department; and the greater
speed and certainty it promises would have the
effect of relieving the mail service, to some extent,
from the competition of the telegraph.
By conveying the mails for California upon the
proposed route as far as Cedar Key, and for-
warding them thence by a separate steamer to
Aspinwall, Greytown, or Huasacualco, and by
substituting the branch proposed from Cedar Key
to Key "West and Havana for the present Charles-
ton lino, and for that part of the New Orleans and
Key West line between Cedar Key and Key West
—say half the route—an annual saving of $285,000
would be effected. In such event, this saving
should be deducted from the cost of the proposed
