1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
ton, assumed to form a State constitution at To-
peka, and had actually presented it to Congress,
and asked to be admitted as a State of the Union
under it- Of course, the party which has pre-
sented the Lecompton constitution as the organic
law of the Territory are in favor of the admis-
sion of Kansas as a State. Hence all parties and
all individuals are in favor of Kansas coming
into the sisterhood of States.
One other question, and only one, remains to
be settled. Is the constitution before us repub-
lican in its form? I know of no one, unless it
may be the Senator from Connecticut, who main-
tains that this constitution is not republican in
form. That I consider a conceded point.
Thus, Mr. President, the whole case is pre-
sented in a nut-shell. The Territory of Kansas
seeks to be admitted into the Union as one of the
equal confederate States. She has the requisite
population. Her people desire to be admitted;
and her constitution meets the only demand of
the Constitution of the United States. It is re-
publican in form; yet her admission is opposed.
It is resisted by argument, by denunciation, by
strategy, by all the means that can be bi ought
into requisition, " per fas et per nefas." As Sen-
ators, realizing the importance of the questions
involved, and the momentous consequences that
may be at stake, and penetrated with a sense of
the responsibilities under which we are acting,
let us examine the case fully, fairly, and dispas-
sionately.
The constitution before us is the deliberate,
formal, and solemn act of a convention chosen by
the people of Kansas Territory, for the express
purpose of making it. That convention was the
result of a series of acts of the people, done under
all the solemnities and all the forms of law; done,
not all at once, but at regular and proper intervals;
not in hot haste and without time to examine and
reflect, but with sufficient time, at each successive
stage of the proceedings, to enable the people to
ascertain all the facts, and to weigh their conse-
quences and bearings, and then to judge of every
step and its tendency, before taking it.
Sir, let us look at these successive steps. The
sense of the people is first taken as to the pro-
priety of forming a constitution and State gov- ^
eminent. This was done by taking a vote of the ;
people, at the polls, by a regular election, with all j
the forms and sanctions and officers proper to
elicit a true expression of the popular will. This 1
election was held in pursuance of a statute lav.-, i
passed by theTorntonal Legislature,actioy;unucr '
the authority, and according to the forms, of the or- |
ganicact. Thislaw waspasscd at the July session j
of the Territorial Legislature, in the year 1855; and
the sense of the people was taken in compliance
with it, on the first Monday of October, 1856—a
year and a quarter thereafter. There was, there-
fore, full time given them for reflection, and for the,
formation of deliberate opinions. Not hasty, not
precipitate, but calm, and fair, and temperate,and
even slow. This vote of the people to express
their opinions on the propriety of forming a con-
stitution and State government for themselves,
was not taken a* a special election, at which only
a few voters might have turned out to the polls;
but it was fixed on purpose, at the same time^and
place as the general election for members of the
Territorial Legislature and the other territorial
officers. Thus, it was so ordered and ordained
that there might be the fullest possible turn out
of the people, and consequently the fairest utter-
ance of the popular voice. That the popular will
was fairly expressed by this election, I hold to be
beyond doubt. No one can successfully impugn
it. In the mean time, in the October preceding
this election and next after the passage of the law
for it, there was an election holden for a Delegate
to Congress, from the Territory, which had the
effect to fix the attention of the people upon this
constitutional election.
Now, the next step in the progress of events:
three months after it transpired, the result of this
election for testing the sense of the people upon
the question of forming a constitution and State
government comes before the Territorial Legis-
latuic for their consideration and action. Time
enough had intervened for the result to be known
in every log-cabin in the Territory, and indeed
throuo-honrthe whole country. This very Legis-
.he people, with the
of b'Uh constituent
and delegate, that the result of the election there-
tofore held to test the sense of the people upon
the expediency of a change from a territorial to
a State government would come before it. The
Legislature enter upon the consideration of the
subject. Every member has had long time to
inquire into all the circumstances of the election—
its legality and significance; and after abundant
time for deliberation—for they met on the first
Monday of January, and acted on the 20th of
February—they bow to the will of the people, and
provide for the election of delegates to a constitu-
tional convention. For this purpose they pass a
statute law. In the mean time—in 1856—the mat-
ter of passing a law for directing the people of
Kansas as to forming a constitution and State
government had been before Congress, and a bill
for the purpose, known as the Toombs bill, had
passed the Senate of the United States. This
Legislature, in deference, it would seem, to the
views of the Senate of the United States, pass an
act providing for the election of members of a
constitutional convention, which it is conceded
on all hands embodies the main provisions of the
Toombs bill, especially in the matter of the regis-
tration of voters. And it establishes a liberal
standard of qualification for voters. It fixes the
day of election on the third Monday of June, 1857.
Thus there is an interval of four months between
the passage of the law and the day of the election.
—a period long enough for making all the neces-
sary preparations—for complying with all the re-
quirements of the law, for bringing out candidates
and canvassing their merits before the people—
long enough for full investigation aud intelligent
voting.
The meeting of the convention is appointed for
the 4th of September, 1857. A three months' in-
terval is given between the day of the election and
the session of the convention—an interval all-
sufficient to enable any person who might desire
to do so, to contest the seat of any member who
may have received a certificate which he was not
entitled to; and giving the members elected ample
opportunity for preparing themselves to discharge
well the responsible trust committed to them by
their sovereign constituents. Contrast this with
j what transpired in Minnesota. (I do not by this
j mean to say that I am opposed to the admission
j of Minnesota into-the Union.) There they elected
' delcea'es to a convention; and these delegates,
1 when assembled, first determined by vote whether
1 it was the wish of the peoj •tti to be admitted into
! the Union. Yes, sir, on this first step of tliepro-
! ceilure, the will of the people was determined by
i these delegates; and then these very delegates
1 immediately proceeded to form a State cousti-
i tution. What a contrast does this present in
: favor of Kansas! The great primordial question,
! whether they wished to come into the Union at
■ all or not, under any constitution, and which must
' necessarily precede the formation of a constitu-
tion, is determined—how? INot by the people
htmi-
ciear
"D chosen by
, on th 1 p u
jl    
themselves, but by these delcg ites. To thepeople
!! of Minnesota this question'was never submitted
j! for a direct vote. In Kansas it was. If it was
j; necessary in the case of Kansas that the whole
j1 constitution should be submitted to the people at
l! the polls, was it not equally necessary, in the case
of Minnesota, that the question of whether they
would have a State constitution at all, or not,
should have been submitted to the people' In Kan-
i sas they submitted to the vote of the people the
> question whether they wished to come into the
! Union. In Minnesota they did not. _ In Minnesota
1 they submitted the whole constitution to a vote of
the people. In Kansas they submitted only a part
1 —but that was the single and vital question betore
! the Dsopls. The convention cf Ivansas piet and
framed a constitution. They made provision lor
submitting to the people, by direct vote, whether
they woufd tolerate slavery by their constitution.
That question was so submitted on the 21st of
i| December last, according to the provisions of
jj the constitution itself: and it was deemed l-y an
ij almost unanimous vote, and thus indisputably
'! settled. .
I Mr President, when we view these proceedings
!! of the people of Kansas in forming for themselves
j! a State constitution, in the successive stages ot
'I their development—not from the iOV.' arena of
:i partisan strife and passion, but from the elevated
H Stand-point of the patriot, who iwe.es the sover-
eignty of the people and loves u pri^uiUitne ho-
ertv—liberty reposing on written constitutions
and regulated by law, what a majestic spectacle
is presented! The people marching forward m
stately pace to the accomplishment of their pat-
pose, with a movement as grand as the, lapse of
the tide or the travel of a planet.
This Kansas constitution, so formed, is now
before us, conformably to the Constitution of the
United States; and the nascent State prays -to be
admitted into the Union as one of the equal States
of our glorious Confederacy. What its several
provisions are, it is not for Congress, Milder the
Constitution of the United States, to inquire, be-
yond the single question, is it republican in form ?
If inquired into, however, it will be found'to be
quite as unexceptionable as the constitutions of
most of the States of the Confederacy. And, sir,
if it did not contain an article tolerating slavery,
I apprehend it would have passed without chal-
lenge from most of the persons throughout the
land who are now raising the most vehement
clamor against it.
But, objections are urged here against the ad-
mission of Kansas under this constitution, be-
cause, as it is alleged, there have been irregulari-
ties in some of the proceedings which preceded
its adoption. And Senators, Mr. President, who
have embarked with great zeal in this enterprise
of opposition, and of consequent agitation in Kan-
sas, and throughout the country, have fallen, in
my judgment, into flagrant errors of fact and of
theory, and, of course, have been led to conclu-
sions most fallacious.
The Senator from Maine seems to have spoken
against the admission of Kansas, under the mis-
takenimpression that thedelegates to the Lecomp-
ton convention were clected under the operation
of a test oath; that persons were precluded from
voting for them, unless they would do violence to
their consciences by swearing to support the fugi-
tive slave law. Sir, 1 don't understand how a
man's conscience can be violated by assuming
upon it the obligation to do only what the Consti-
tution of his country imposes upon every one of
its citizens as a sacred duty. That Constitution
expressly declares that " persons held to service
in one State, escaping into another, shall be deliv-
ered up on claim of the party to whom such ser-
vice may be due."
But, sir, the Senator is grievously mistaken.
The law providing for the election of delegates to
the constitutional convention, ordained in its elev-
enth section that—
" Every bona fiide inhabitant of the Territory of Kansas,
on the third Monday ol June, 1857, being a citizen of the
United States, over the aae of twenty-one yeais, and who
shall have resided three months next before said rluennn m
the county in winch lie offers to vote, and r,o other person
whatever shall be entitled to vote at said election."
These, sir, are all the qualifications the voters
for delegates to the convention are required to
possess.55 The act of the 20th February, 1857,
fixing the qualifications for voters in all other
elections, expressly excludes from its operation
the election of delegates to the constitutional con-
vention, though its standard of qualifications is
exactly the same as that just given, except, only,
that a residence of six months is required instead
of three; and this law repeals all the laws re-
ferred to by the Senator from Maine as requiring
" test oaths," as he termed them. And so it was
expressly held by Governor Walker in his opin-
ion published by him officially to the people of
the Territory with reference to this very election.
Another Senator has told us that the sheriffs and
probate judges, whose duty it was to make the
enumeration of the voters for the purposes of the
| election of the members of the convention, were
selected by thefirstLegislature. Hethenassumcd,
against the facts and the truth—as I will show—
that that first Legislature was illegally elected;
and concluded that the convention was, therefore,
a fraudulent one. Sir, any such a conclusion is
unwarrantable, even if it had been true that this
first Legislature elected the sheriffs and probate
judges. For, I hold, first, that it is the very es-
sence of all uncharitabieness to pronounce men
dishonest and fraudulent knaves, (as this charge
does, the sheriffs and probate judges,) against
whom not a particle of proof is produced to con-
demn them. Again, it is the verdict of common
fairness, I do not say charity, that every officer
intrusted with the discharge of a legal doty'1
sworn to its performance, has discharged inattmty
failly and impartially. Sir, trcn the stern Jaw,
