2086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
ive agent in an element that underlies all this
tariff question. It is a secondary. The question
of currency and money underlies the whole of
it and overrules it. Your expanded system of
rotten paper money, expanding nominal values,
renders the incidental aid of a protective tariff
helpless and ineffectual. There is the root of the
evil, and whenever it becomes necessary or my
duty, I am ready to discuss it fully. I move the
adjournment agreeably to by promise.
Mr. CAMERON. Will my colleague with-
draw it for a moment.
Several Sijnators. No, no.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jtfay 12, 1858.
The H'ouse met ateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec- ;
retary of the Interior, containing estimates for ap- j
propriations for cleik hire and office rent, under
the seventh section of the act of 18th August,
1856; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid befoie the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
submitting a report on claims for depredations by
Indians in New Mexico; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from 1 he War Department, trans-
mitting thereportof Edwaid P. Beale,ona wagon
road from Fort Defiance to the Colorado nver;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from tho Navy Department, in
reply to a resolution of the House, of May 4, re-
questing the Secretary of the Navy to furnish the
House with copies of all documents on file in his
Department having reference to the propriety of
the purchase of land by the Government for the
enlargement of the Charlrstown navy-yard; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, j
and ordered to be printed. j
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. j
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Asbuuy Dickins, Us Secretary, informing the :
House that the Senate had passed an act for the '
final adjustment of private land claims in the States '
of Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri,
and for other purposes, in which he was directed ;
to ask the coneu: rence of the House. j
The SPEAKER stated that reports wcie in J
order from committees on business relating to the ;
Te  ritories. i
Mr. MAYNARD. I awk the general consent!
of the House to have the Committee of Claims |
discharged from the further consideration of cer-
tain papers.
Mr. FAULKNER. This day has been set
apart for the consideration of territorial business,
and I object to any reports not relating to terri-
torial business.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from tho Committee
on Commerce, made an adverse report upon the
resolution of the Territory of Washington, asking
that Whatcom, in that Territory, be made a port
of delivery; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, leported adversely on the petition of the
trustees of the Univeisity of Nebiaska; which
was laid upon the table.
PURVEYOR'S DISTRICT IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands
have had under consideration the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Nebiaska, and sundry me-
morials relative to the establishment of a new sur-
veyor's district in that Territory, and have in-
structed me to report adversely thereon. The
proper department have determined to move the i
surveyor general's office from Kansas to Nebras-
ka City, which is nearer the center of the dis-
trict, and that supersedes the necessity of further
legislation on the subject. I move that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the resolutions and memorials, and that
they be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
' BLUE MONT CENTRAL COLLEGE.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, reported
back the memorial of the trustees of the Blue
Mont Central College Association of Kansas Ter-
ritory, asking for a grant of lands; which was
laid on the table, and the committee discharged
from the further consideration thereof.
CONFIRMATION OF CLAIMS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, reported
back a memorial relating to confirming titles to
claims of settlers in Washington Territory.
Mr. COBB. This is a memorial of the Legis- j
lative Assembly of Washington for confirming
the titles of settlers to claims from which they
were driven during the Indian wars. It was sup-
posed that, as they were absent from their claims
for some time, their time would not run. But the
Department has decided that, if they go back and
occupy their claims in good faith, the time will
be allowed to run during the time when they were
absent. There is therefore no necessity for any
action upon the part of Congress upon the sub- |
ject; and I move that the memorial be laid on the ;
table, and the committee discharged from the fur-
ther consideration thereof.
The motion was agreed to.
PRE-EMPTIONS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, reported
back the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
Washington Territory, piaying the amendment
of the preemption law as regards preemption in
Washington Territory.
Air. COBB. This memorial proposes to in-
crease the quantity of land m the Territory of
Washington, to double the amount which is now
allowed to each individual to preempt. The com-
mittee think the request ought not to be granted;
and therefore I move that the memorial be laid
on the table, and the committee discharged from
the further consideration thereof.
The motion was agreed to.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, reported
back House bill (No. l£6) to establish the office
of surveyor general of Nebraska; and moved that
tho same be laid on tho table.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, reported
a bill to establish a land office m New Mexico;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. COBB. It is known to the House that there
is not at this time any land office in the Territory
of New Mexico. It is recommended that there
should be established one land office there. I ask
that the bill may be put on its passage. It is rec-
ommended by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. It will take but a minute to pass it;
and I hope there will be no objection.
The bill was read i7i cxlenso.
Mr. MORGAN. I should like to have provis-
ion made so that the appointments to this land
office shall be made dining the session of Con-
gress, so the Senate may have control over their
confirmation.
Mr. COBB. That is, of course, a matter over
which I have no control.
Mr. MORGAN. There is a clause in the bill
providing that the President may make the ap-
pointments during the recess of Congress. I should
like to have that clause stricken out.
Mr. COBD. If tho gentleman is not satisfied
with the bill, let him propose an amendment. This
bill met with the unanimous concurrence of the
Committee on Public Lands. Has the gentleman
no confidence in that committee? New York has
a representative upon the committee who wassat-
lsliect with the bill. It met the approval of the
General Land Office. If the gentleman objects
to any provisions of the bill, let him suggest an
amendment.
The bill waa ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
LANDS IN OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, reported
back House bill (No. 170) to extend the land laws
east of the Cascade mountains, in Oregon and
Washington Territories.
Mr. COBB. This bill is merely to extend the
land laws to the land in Washington and Oregon
lying east of the Cascade mountains, in order that
it may be surveyed and brought into market. The
bill was drawn up by the Department. It meets
the concurrence of the Committee on Public Lands.
I hope it will be passed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it Was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
LAND DISTRICTS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. COBB,from the same committee,reported
back House bill (No. 177) to create three additional
land districts in Washington Territory, accom-
panied by a substitute.
Mr. COBB. The original bill proposed to cre-
ate three additional land districts in Washington.
The Committee on Public Lands have reported
back a substitute creating two additional land dis-
tricts. A bill, similar to the one originally intro-
duced, was, at the last session, reported by the
Committee on Public Lands; but, owing to a press
of business, it was never acted upon. The Ter-
ritory has not been settled up as rapidly as was
expected,and we have, therefoi e, thought two dis-
tricts were all that aie needed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands to
explain what necessity there is for two additional
land districts in a Territory as slowly settled as
Washington Territory.
Mr. COBB. The bill was recommended by the
Commissioner of the General Land Ofljce, and by
the Committee on Public Lands. If the gentle-
man is still not satisfied, I will turn him over to
my friend from Washington, [Mr. Ste\ens,] and
will yield the floor for hnn to reply.
Mi. STEVENS, of Washington. I have a word
to say in regaid to this matter. As the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands has
stated, the Department originally recommended
three additional land offices; I am satisfied with
the report of the committee, for two additional
land offices. We have, to be sure, a sparse popu-
lation in Washington Territory; our surveys have
not progressed with much rapidity; we have a
country in which it is difficult to travel, and the
settler requires some accommodation in the way
of land offices.
This bill provides for an additional land office
on the Columbia river; and the limits of that land
district embrace the whole soul hern portion of
the Territory, extending from the coast to the
interior. Communications are difficult from the
river to Olympia, on Puget's Sound, where the
present land office is. The reasons arc very strong,
therefore, in favor of that additional land office.
The other land office is for the country north.
There is much business there on the part of the
settlers, proving and perfecting their titles; and
for the same reasons that we ask for an office ou
the river, we ask for an office in the northern por-
tion of the Territory. There is great difficulty of
communication, and of course great expense is
entailed upon the settlers.
I will state, sir, m addition, that now that we
have got over our most serious difficulty with the
Indians, our settlements are growing and extend-
ing more rapidly. Even with these additional land
olhces, our settlers will have far to go to attend to
their business. I trust that, with this explanation,
the House will put the bill on its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire of
the gentleman from Washington how much of the
land m-that Territory has been surveyed where
it is proposed to establish these additional land
offices.
Mr STEVENS,of Washington. Icannotgive
the details. I know that in the southern portion
of the Territory surveys are in progress in Clarke,
Couiito, Wahkiacum, Pacific andChehuhs coun-
ties, which will be accommodated by the land of-
fice on the Columbia river. In the northern por-
tion of the Territory, surveys are in progress m
Island, Jefferson, Chatham and Whatcom coun-
