34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December I,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate 8s Ho. op Reps.
line. Thence it is already completed to Jack;
in the latter State, and, from the progress mal
daily service, to show the net additional expense j
to the Department, which would thus be reduced
to #181,250 per annum.
Upon the question of accepting the proposals for
this service, considering the uncertainty of the
period at which the railroad portion of the pro-
posed line will be completed, I have been unable,
thus far, to announce to the bidders any definitive
determination. But the subject is referred to here
because it is deemed to be one of vast public in-
terest, in view of the promise which the contem-
plated new arrangement affords of so materially
facilitating the communication between the two
sections and the two great commercial capitals of
the country.
THE MAIL SERVICE ON THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER BE-
LOW THE OHIO.
The river is divided into the following sections,
for distribution of the local mails at the different
towns and offices on it:
Route 7305.—New Orleans to St. Francisville,
170 miles, four times a week, by steamboats.
Route 7309.—NewOi'leans,®iaSt. Francisville,
to Vicksburg, 397 miles, three times a week, by
steamboats.
Note.—This arrangement makes the service
daily between .New Orleans and St. Francisville,
and three times a week between St. Francisville
and Vicksburg.
Route 7499.—Vicksburg to Napoleon, 230
miles, twice a week, by steamboats.
R«ute7512.—Napoleon to Memphis,203 miles,
twice a week, by steamboats.
Besides these four subdivisions for local pur- j
poses, there is the great through mail, No. 7809,
from New Orleans to Cairo, which, like all the
others, will expire the 30th June next.
The Department recommends that, on the ex-
piration of the present contracts, another subdi-
vision be added, from Memphis to Cairo, so that
the plan for supplying the local mails to the va-
rious towns and settlements between the Ohio and
New Orleans may be adequate and uniform.
As to the great through mail from Cairo and New
Orleans, (he hope is indulged that there will be
no necessity for continuing it on the river, as at
present. When first ordered by Congress, there
was great and obvious piopiietyin it; but the
progress since made in constructing several rail-
ways nearly parallel with it has put a new aspect
on the question. By the 30th June next, it is
believed that the railroad from New Orleans to
Jackson, Canton, &c , will be so far completed
that, with one or two short stage lines between
the unfinished portions, the mails, may be con-
veyed over it in nearly half the present tune, and
with much more certainty and regularity. This
may confidently be anticipated with respect to so
much of said road as is south of the Tennessee
> Jackson,
: progress making
and expected, it is probable that the great through
mails may at no distant day be conveyed on the
entire line to and from Cairo with infinite ad vant-
ages over the present river route.
The Department, however, desires the power
to make river contracts for a shorter term than
four years, as at present, so as to continue that
mode of conveyance until sufficient progress is
made with the above or any other parallel route j
to authorize the transfer of the entire through
mail service from the river.
The personal acquaintance of the Postmaster
General with that river, and th  investigation of
the fines heretofore imposed on the contractors for
the present service, fully convince him that no ,
regular and expeditious transportation of the mails \
need ever to be looked for on so long a route, at
any reasonable compensation. If the contractors
shall be required, by express provision, to take
on themselves all the risks and losses growing
out of the ice in winter, the low waters of sum-
mer and fall, and of the fogs that prevail at nearly
every season of the year, they will covenant to
perform the service, but only at enormous rates.
In making out bids, they would estimate liberally
for all the trips that may be lost, all the failures
to arrive m schedule time, and all the failures to
connect with other routes, whether arising from
ice, low water, and fogs, the breaking of ma-
chinery, or other casualties, of whatever nature.
Thus enormous prices would be paid; and after
all, on account of the physical impossibility in
some cases, and unavoidable accidents in others,
the regular and punctual service required would
not be obtained. The express service,on horse-
back, established by a former able head of this
Department, (Mr. Kendall,) furnishes an apt
illustration of this subject. He expressly adver-
tised that no excuses would be received, and the
consequence was, that when a failure took place
the fine or forfeiture was deducted uncondition-
ally; but to this the contractor could well afford
to submit, having amply allowed for it in his bid,
and obtained a contract accordingly at a high
price.
In the existing contract, however, for trans-
porting mails between New Orleans and Cairo,
there was no express provision that the con-
tractors should take on themselves all the risk of
failures by physical causes or unavoidable acci-
dents, such as ice, unprecedented low water, fogs,
damage to machinery, &c.; and hence due allow-
ance was to be made for them, as in the case of
all other contracts, construed and enforced as they
have been in the long and uniform practice of the
Department.
Congress, on the last night of the last session,
enacted, with reference to this case, " That the
Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to reexamine and adjust all questions arising
out of fines imposed upon the contractors for
carrying the mails on the Mississippi river."—
Act of 3d March, 1857.
Under this law several applications were made
for the remission of fines and forfeitures under
late contracts for services on the Mississippi river;
but, as the act seemed to the Department to have
been only intended to embrace existing contracts
now in course of being carried out, such applica-
tions were not considered, under a rule, well
settled, not to review or reverse the decisions of a
former head of the Department, unless something
existed on the record showing that he himself
intended to have reexamined the case.
The act of Congress above quoted, referring to
the present case, took it out of this rule, and the
decision of the Department is shown by the sep-
arate statement marked A m the appendix. The
amount remitted may appear large; but, accord-
ing to law and the testimony taken in the case,
and the practice in similar cases, the Department
seemed not to be warranted in making it less.
The irregularity of the service, as fully ascer-
tained by this investigation, would have induced
the annulment of the contract; but, having only
some eight or ten months yet to run, no one was
found willing to take it, except at a rate double
the present compensation, and even then it was
required that a new contract should be made for
four years, and not merely for the few months
remaining of the regular term. Such a contract
not being allowable by law, it was found unad- j
visable to annul the existing one; and, in order I
to secure its most efficient execution through the j
remainder of the term, the agents of the Depart- j
ment at New Orleans and Cairo were instructed
to engage any boat on hand and dispatch the
mails in every case of failure on the part of the con-
tractors to do so at the time required, the cost of
such temporary service (not exceeding $450 the
half trip) being chargeable to them. The post-
master at Memphis, where commercial connec-
tions have now become vastly important, was also
instructed that whenever the mail-boat from Cairo
failed to arrive there in reasonable time, he should
transmit mails for New Orleans by any other
boat, at the expense of the contractors. Under
these arrangements, now being energetically ex-
ecuted, the hope is indulged that the service for
the few months remaining may be satisfactorily
rendered.
All the difficulties in relation to this route have
been inherited from former years; and the De-
partment looks forward to the day, believed not
to be distant, when the great through mails from
Chicago, St. Louis, Memphis, and other import-
ant cities of the West, can be transmitted to New
Orleans in less than half the time now required,
and with the regularity of a well-constructed and
well-managed railroad.
FINES.
A detailed statement will be presented to Con-
gress, showing the fines and deductions which
were imposed upon the contractors for imperfect
mail service during the fiscal year. These fines
and deductions will be found to amount in the
aggregate to §188,746 84. In this amount of
4188,746 84 is included the sum of $74,598 46,
being that portion of the deductions made from
the contractors' pay on the New Orleans and
Cairo route during the third and fourth quarters
of 1856, which has since been remitted to them,
in pursuance of the seventh section of the act of
Congress passed the 3d of March, 1857.
SETTLEMENT OP THE CLAIM OF GEORGE CHORPEN-
NING, JR.
By an act of Congress of March 3, 1851, the
Postmaster General was " required to adjust and
settle the claim of George Chorpenning, jr., as
surviving partner of Woodward & Chorpenning,
and in his own right, for carrying the mails by
San Pedro, and for supplying the post office in
Carson's Valley, and also for carrying part of the
Independence mail by California; allowing a pro
rata increase of compensation for the distance by
San Pedro, for the service to Carson's Valley, and
for such part of the eastern mail as was carried by
California during all the time when said services
were performed;" and to adjust and settle the
claim of said Chorpenning "for damages on ac-
count of the annulment or suspension of Wood-
ward & Chorpenning's contract for carrying the
United States mail from Sacramento, in Califor-
nia, to Salt Lake, in Utah Territory, as shown in
the affidavits and proofs on file in the House of
Representatives;" also, to allow and pay to said
Chorpenning his full contract pay during the sus-
pension of their contract, from 15th of March to
1st of July, 1853, and thereafter to pay him at the
rate of $30,000 per annum, which sum was to bo
in lieu of the contract pay under both the contract
with Woodward & Chorpenning, which expired
June 30, 1854, and under his (Chorpenning's)
present contract, which runs four years from July
1, 1854. The contract pay under the first was
$14,000, for monthly service between Sacramento
City and Salt Lake, by Carson's Valley; and under
the present, §12,500 a year, for the same number
of trips from San Diego or San Pedro to Salt
Lake by San Bernardino. In obedience to this
law, and on the proofs and affidavits on file in the
House of Representatives, to which I was, by the
terms of the law, restricted, I have allowed—
1. For damages on account of the annulment or suspen-
sion of the old contract  $30,000 00
2. For five, months' service to Carson's Valley, 1,153 33
3. For increased distance from Sacramento, in
carrying the regular California and Salt
Lake mail, by San Pedro, ten
months  $6,410 00
and Independence mails eightof
same months  15,384 03
  21,794 62
4. For carrying tile Independence mails eigiit
months between San Pedro and SaKLake,
(all the above bein^ under old contract).. 28,000 00
5. For carrying the Independence mails under
ptescnt contract, from July 1,1854, to Oc-
tober 1,18.36  28,135 00
In the aggregate $109,072 95
In making the pro rata allowances, the act of
Congress not being specific on this point, I have
taken as the basis of the calculations the original
pay under each contract, instead of the higher
sum of $30,000, to which,as above observed, the
compensation has been raised. But, even upon
this lower basis, the sum allowed, it will be per-
ceived, is very considerable, independently of the
further increased compensation of f 16,000 under
the old, and $17,500 per annum under the new
contract.
The settlement of this claim has not been made
without considerable embarrassment. The act
of Congress was peremptory to adjust and settle,
not according to the proofs that might be taken
before the final action, but " as shown by the
proofs and affidavits on file in the House of Rep-
resentatives." These were to be the sole guides
in the settlement, and neither the records of the
Department nor any contradictory or explanatory
testimony could be taken by the Government to
assist in attaining what might be considered
exact justice in the case. The act directed that
the claimant should be paid pro rata for carrying
his own mail, under his contract, from Sacra-
