1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1MB
the first Legislature in Kansas. Previous to the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, on the 3ffth
of May, 1854, the settlements of Missouri had
pressed up against the boundary of the unopened
Territory, until an almost unbroken length of
fences and farms marked the line for long miles
of its course. The neighboring population were
ready to pour in and occupy the land so soon as
the Territory should be opened to settlement. And
immediately upon the passage of the act, they did
immigrate into the Territory. They " staked out
their claims" and commenced their improvements.
They built houses, made inclosures, and began to
plow and to plant. During the fragment of this ;
first season, many of them had not been able to j
make crops, nor surround themselves with warm j
houses, necessary to enable them to endure the ;
rigors of an inclement winter on the inhospitable 1
prairies of Kansas. They sought a temporary
winter shelter in Missouri. They had, however,
in most cases domiciliated themselves in Kansas,
and when they left it, they left it " animo rever-
tendi." So soon as the water should flow and the
grass should grow in the spring, they intended to
return to complete their houses and farms and to
abide in their permanent homes. Sir, Mr. Web-
ster, speaking eloquently in the language of filial
veneration for his own revered sire, said of him,
that in order to raise his children to a condition
better than his own, he had moved up into the
border settlements of New Hampshire so far that
there was not a human habitation between the
smoke that curled from his humble home over the
frozen hills of the North, and the far off settle-
ments of Canada. These fathers of families had
gone into Kansas urged by the self same desire
to improve the condition of their offspring, to
raise theirchildren to a condition better than their
own. They went under the promptings of the j
better instincts of our nature, and in the same ,
manner as these promptings have carried immi- |
gration into the other Territories that have grown !
into States. ;
Now, in contrast with such settlers, loolc at the 1
emissaries sent into the Territory for political
purposes by the Abolition fanatics. So soon as ^
the first steamers began to navigate the Missouri
river in the early spring, the dwellers on its shores ,
%vere surprised to find their decks and cabins
crowded by the New England immigrants making i
their way into Kansas with nothing but black
carpet sacks in their hands, containing all their
worldly goods. It was too^ early to go into the
Territory in the way of ordinary settlement, and
it was matter of wonder to see these immigrants j
pushed into this new and unsettled region in such '
crowds,and in such premature haste,before there
were provisions there to feed them, and when all
their supplies must be furnished from abroad.
But. on inquiry, it was ascertained that Governor
Reeder had issued his proclamation for the elec-
tion of the members of the Territorial Legislature
for the unusually early date of the 30th of March.
This proclamation had been published in the East
and northeast long before anything was known
of it in Missouri or Kansas. The men who had
been shipped into Kansas by associations organ-
ized and endowed for the express purpose, were ,
among the first to bear the intelligence to the ,
citizens of the borders of Kansas and Missouri, j
Sir, the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Coi.lamer] t
well said of these men, " they went there to vote, j.
and they staid there to vote;" and he mightalso well j|
have added that they staid there, many ot them, no j:
longer than to vote, aiul then came away forevei.
To the citizens of Kansas who had settled there 11
from Missouri this looked like a deliberate pur- j
pose to disfranchise them. They determined to ;
defeat the consummation of the foul plan. Ac- ,
eordingly those of them who had temporarily left j
their homes, at once returned, in order to secure j
themselves against this outrage upon their rights. ,
The party with which they acted had a majority t
of the qualified voters, and triumphed at the elec-'
tion. The men who had been hurried into the Ter- j
ritory by aid societies, who could not be trusted j
to mana«e their own removal, but who had to lie >
sent under the conduct of overseers specially ap- 1,
pointed for the purpose, and who had boasted, as ,
they passed through Missouri, that they were ,,
flocking into Kansas in order first to abolitionize '■
that, and then to overrun Missouri, were disap-
pointed m their unpatriotic, designs. And then M
the plotters, foiled in their cftorts, set up a shriek
for bleeding Kansas, which has been refechoed by
anti-slavery fanatics until the clamor has reached
the remotest hamlet of the land.
After awhile these operators changed their tac-
tics, and instead of sending their instruments into
the Territory with black carpet sacks, they sent
them with Sharpe's rifles and Colt's revolvers, and
bowie-knives, and artillery. The armed invader
was substituted for the unarmed hireling; and
these were sent into the Territory in bands and
companies, armed and equipped for the most-des-
perate enterprises. One such company, two hun-
dred and forty strong, came down into the Terri-,
tory through its northern border, organized with
military officers and discipline, and with aff'the
equipments of a military camp.
But, in spite of all this original wrong, and of
the lawlessness and rebellion which followed it,
fortunately for the welfare of Kansas, the law and
order party there, by their forbearance, their for-
titude, their numbers, and their character, were
able until the close of the labors of the Lecomp-
ton convention, to maintain and preserve the su-
premacy of the legal government in that Terri-
tory. The dominion of law and of legitimate
authority there has produced and presented to
Congress a constitution for Kansas.
Now, Mr. President, I understand the Senator
from Vermont to concede, that if there was au-
thority for the action of the Lecompton conven-
tion, then the constitution framed by it is binding,
and that the vote cast on the 21st of December
last was decisive and conclusive.
I do not stop to controvert or to discuss his
distinction between "legal" and "authoritative.
I think it is manifest,, from what I have already
said, that that constitution was authoritative.
But how does the Senator undertake to prove that
it is not authoritative ? By maintaining, first, that
the unlimited sovereignty of the Territory is m
Congress; and, therefore, secondly, that the Ter-
ritorial Legislature could take no step towards
forming a constitution andStategovernmcntwith-
out an enabling act; and then, that Congress had
passed no enabling act.
Sir, it will not be questioned that the sovereign
power of the Territory could form a constitution
for its people. The sovereign power is the high-
est power; and if there is any power higher than
i the power to form a constitution and State gov-
j ernment, I would like to be told what it is. I
| know of no better definition of sovereignty than
i that it is the power of forming a constitution and
! government for a people. If, therefore, Congress
has the actual and present sovereignty over the
Territory, it follows that Congress could form a
constitution and State government for Kansas.
That is a position it is useless to controvert. I
do not understand anybody to assert it. It is
against the very letter of the Federal Constitution.
Even the power in Congress to establish a tem-
porary territorial government is on|y inferential
and by implication, not expressly granted. Any-
thing beyond this, is utterly without warrant in
the Constitution. The postulate, then, on which
the Senator builds up his argument fails, and of
course his whole effort to prove the Leeompton
convention, and the constitution ordained byit,
not to be authoritative, must, of necessity, fail
also. That authority remains still untouched.
Sir, the State government which is to supersede
a territorial organization, can be formed only
first, by the Congress of the United States; or, ;
secondly, by the people of the Territory them- i
selves. I have already shown that Congress can- |
not form a constitution and State government for j
a Territory. It follows, therefore, that the peo- ,
pie of a Territory, and they only, can perform j
that high function. And, Mr. President, as cit- j
izens of a Government which recognizes the peo-
ple as the only legitimate source of power—and
especially as Democrats—we should never lose
sio-ht of the great cardinal truth, that it is the high
prerogative of the people ot a Territory, and of
the people only, to form a constitution and State
! government. On this point, with all due defer-
. ence to the Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
! it is perfectly idle, it seems to me, to talk about
I the sovereignty of the Territories being ' m abey-
i ance, suspended, in the United States in trust for
i the people when they become a State." For
i whenever a State government is formed—be that
; when it may—it must be made by the people of
the Territorv. Sovereignty is not vested in them
after they have become a State, but before. For
they exert the highest attribute of sovereignty in
the very fact of forming a State government. And
though we should concede that before then their
sovereignty may have been, as it were, in adoles-
ccncc; still, before that act is achieved, it has at-
I tained the maturity and perfection of its growth.
I It has been upon the recognition of this funda-
j mental truth of our American political science,
| that a majority of the new States have been re-
j ceived into the Confederacy. The instances in
which enabling acts have been resorted' to, are
the exceptions which establish the rule.
But, Mr. President, it seems to me that eren
those whose opinions differ from my own on
this point, must be convinced, on examination,
' that the people of Kansas needed no authoriza-
tion to form a State government beyond the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act. This is the opinion of the
President of the United States, as announced in
his instructions to Governor Walker, and in all
his messages to Congress toilching Kansas. It
is the opinion of Governor Walker often repeated.
In the same opinion, too, Mr. Secretary Stanton
concurs. And the Senator from Illinois, himself,
on the 12th of June, 1857, at the capital of his
State, spoke as follows:
" Kansas is about to speak for herself through her dele-
gates, assembled in convention to form a constitution, pre-
paratory to her admission into the Union on an equal footing
with the original States. Peace and prosperity now prevail
throughout her borders. The law under which her delegates
are about to be elected is believed to be just and fair in all
its objects and provisions. There is every reason to hope
and believe that the law will be fairly interpreted and im-
partially executed, so n<s to insure to every bonajide inhab-
itant the free and quiet exercise of the elective franchise.
" If any portion of the inhabitants, acting under the ad-
vice of political leaders in distant States, shall choose to
absent themselves from the polls, and withhold their votes,
with a view of leaving the free-State Democrats in a minor-
ity, and thus securing a pro-slavery constitution, in oppo-
sition to the wishes of a majority of the people living under
it, let the responsibility rest on those who, for partisan pur-
poses, will sacrifice the principles they profess to cherish
and promote. Upon them, and upon the political party for
whose benefit, and under the direction of whose leaders
they act, let the blame be visited of fastening upon tfie peo-
ple of a new State institutions repugnant to their feelings,
and in violation of their wishes. The organic act secured
to the people of Kansas the sole and exclusive right of form-
ing and regulating their domestic institutions to suit them-
selves, subject to no other limitation than that which the
Constitution of the United States imposes. The Democratic
parry is determined to see the great fundamental principle
of the organic act carried out in good faith. The present
election law in Kansas is acknowledged to be fair and just.
The rights of the voters are elearly defined; and the exer-
cise of those rights will be efficiently and scrupulously
protected. Hencc, if the majority of the people of Kansas
ilcsn e to have it a free State, (and we are told by the Repub-
lican nartv that nine lenths of the people of that 1 emtory
1 are free-State men.) there h no obstacle in the way of brmg-
I nig Kansas into tlie Union as a free State by the votes and
voic e of her own people, and in conformity with the great
principles of the Kansas-Nebraska act; provided all the
tree State men will go to the polls, and vote their principles
ill accordance with their professions. If such is not the re-
sult, let the consequences be visited upon the heads of those
who?e policy it is to produce strife, anarchy, and bloodshed
m Kansas, that their party may profit by slavery agitation
in the northern States of this Union."
Sir, this quotation from the Senator's Spring-
field speech is pregnant with meaning at this junc-
ture, and bears on the question of the admission
of Kansas in many other points than the one just
now indicated. If authority, sir, can have any
weight on this point, can any man ask for it any
higher, or ask for any more ? The very first Legis-
lature that ever assembled in Kansas passed an act
to take the sense of the people upon the question
of forming a State government, and the topic has
been before the country from that time to the pres-
ent- and yet I have, for the first time, during the
present session of Congress heard it affirmed that
the Kansas constitutional convention " had no
power to do any act, as a convention, forming a
constitution; and that the act calling it was null
and void from the beginning." By the terms of
the act, " the legislative power of the Territory
shall extend to all rightful subjects of legislation
consistent with the Constitution of ^he United
States, and the provisions of this act.'
Now, I remark, first, that passing a law to m
itiate proceedings to erect a Territory into a new
State, is consistent with the Constitution of tm
United States, because that Constitution express
' ly provides for the admission of new States formec
! out of the Territories of the United States, bee
, ondly, it is consistent with the provisions of th«
; act. I know it has been argued that the Tern
! torial Legislature could do nothing to desroyjt
self; but the argument does not apply to this ca*.c
