1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2087
ties, which will be accommodated by the northern
land office.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How far will these ;
land offices be apart? j
Mr STEVENS, of Washington. The north-!
em office will be about one hundred and thirty ,
miles from Olympia, and the southern one will be 1
about one hundred and forty miles. !
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How many per- j
sons have come into Washington Territory dur- ,
ing the year ? j
"Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I presume |
that we will have some three thousand this year; i
and it will take another season to organize these !
land offices. There would have been a larger em- !
igration if it had not been for the Utah troubles. 1
I have learned that if those troubles had not taken i
place there would have been this year a a emigra- ;
tion to Oregon and Washington, by the way of i
South Pass and the Columbia river, of some ten j|
thousand people fiom Iowa and Missouri. ;!
Mr. SMITH, of Viifiima. I will now ask the ,
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands who ,
reported tins bill, whether there is any necessity ;
for a land office until the lands are brought into
market by proclamation of the President? j
Mr. COBij. Settlers ate as anxious to have ,
their titles perfect ed before the pioclamation of the
President as they aieafterwaids. Whcnthelands :
are surveyed and the returns made to the land ;
office, that moment the preempfor has the right !
to perfect his title. The settler does not care to i
wait for the pioclamation of the President. It lias i
been the practice in Kansas and Nebraska to ai- ■
low them to do so. :
I have no interest about this matter further than !
to discharge myduty to the Committee on Public :
Lands, which has directed me to make this re- ■
port. We had the applications befoie us for 'hese
land offices, and we had the opinion of the Land 1
Cilice on the subject; and on thc*e we acted. The
honorable Delegate from tho Territory consents to
the proposition and concuis in the views of the
committee. i
Mr. HARRIS. of Illinois. I would ask the
gentleman from Washington Territory, how far 1
from the southern line of the Territory is the
southern land office '
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. It is directly
o'n the southern boundary.
Mr, HARRIS, of Illinois. How fa i off is the ,
northern html office?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. The loca-
tion of it is left to the discretion of the Piesident. .
A central point of the district, m round nui.ibcrs,
would he sixty or sixty-iive miles off. The nvci,
in part, acts as a line of communication. The
northern district is north of the presentland office.
Air. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will ask the gen- ■
t!ennui whether, up to this time, any lands there ,
have been entered with ca^h ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Some land
lias been entered untW the provisions of an amend- ,
ment to the donation kxw, whereby a settler, after
one year's residence, becomes entitled to his pat-
ent, on paying <,1 25 pci aero. A small sum has ;
been received m this way. jNo land lias yet been
offered fur sale
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If I understand it, ,
the southern land office is upon the southern
boundary of the Territory, and there is nopubl.c
land south of it A nd between th if land office and
the Oiymnta office there is no land to any extent
that has yet been enteied with ca^n. They are
wholly taken up bv scith is under the donation
law. The gentleman can eiive no (satisfactory ev-
idence when those lands will be bi ought i n to mar-
ket, so as to make a nivrssjty for tlm office. It
strikes mn, theiefore, thai there c.m be no use ill
the world for the southern office, if for either. I
see no reason for creating m w land offices which
are not at all demanded. The old States are con-
solidating theii offices every day. and we should
not establish new ones until thev are inquired.
Air. LETCHER. I should Idee to inquire of
the gentleman from Washington if either one of
these land offices is proposed to be located east
of the ^uide met iihan :
Mr. bTEVENS, of Washington The south-
ern land oilice wid be a short distance east of the
guide met idian.
Mr. LETCHER. I see that no surveys are
made in the guide meridian atoll, accoidmg loathe
report of the surveyor general of the land office.
1 What do you want with a land office where there
! are no surveys ? Here is what the surveyor gen-
, era! says in his report of the 21st December, lti57:
j No surveys have been made east of the guide meridian,
1 aid the paialysis caused by Indian wai, the scarcity of
men, and the general impoverishment of the inhabitants,
including the tew* land eiuvejoisot the country, together
with tin; exceeding topogjaphiea! difficulty of the country,
has made it impossible to find deputies willing to contiaci
for any wotk other than that reponed."
And then he goes on and gives a table of what
is under contract, and what is proposed to be con-
tracted for.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I will say
to the gentleman from Virginia, m respect to the
southern land district, that surveys have been
made in the county of Clark, a portion of which
is east of the guide meridian/and a portion west.
Mr. LETCHER. Here is what the surveyor
general says:
The vuiv.'Hi! of the extension of thp Willamette meu-
dian north to Whidbv's Inland, the ueli land-* of Wh;dby>
Inland,^eveial town^hip^in the vicinity of l''oit \ aneouvt.r.
eurht township? on the Lower Columbia. including th<;
mouth ot the Cowhtz nver, ten township* upo.i the penin-
sula made by Pugct sound and Ilood> canal, and several
town-ship^ on the Chehah-> nvei, arc m a toivvaid ^tate oi
eoniplotion, and will all probably bo finished this season."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. According to my
view of the subject, the whole question iies in a
nut-shell. When surveys are finished, the Presi-
dent of the United States, at the proper time, an-
nounces the land for sale, and then it is that land
offices become necessat y. But the idea of creat-
ing land olives before the titles are extinguished,
j and before proclamations ate made, is manifestly
injudicious and unwise, and seems to me to con-
| template nothing but establishing sinecure posi-
i tious for some peisons.
1 Mr. COiiB. If the gentleman will allow a letter
from the Commissioner of Public Lands to be read,
■ he will perhaps know as much aboutit as any of
us.
! Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
seems to how to authority very much; but 1 am
! one of those who examine matters for themselves;
. and it is not necessary for the gentleman to tell
; us what the Commissioner says. I want to know
' how much of the Indian title is extinguished?
Mr. COPjB. Let the letter be lead. The Coin-
' mittee On Public Lands have to form their optn-
i ions from the facts that they get from the Depart-
i ments, aft well as their own judgment. That letter
was the basis on which we predicated our opin-
ions.
I The letter was read, as follows:
] Gknkral L WD OFFIeP, JYhrn-n'ii 10.
j Sin I have the honoi to acknowledge the reeemt of\our
letter, of i?tb uk-t.uit. covering a di.iL'iani of Washington
Teititoiy, and ) eque-iing niv view n the u eec'-^ity of
eieating two addmonal dii-Uiet-s in said Teriitoiy, and the
dtatt ot a bill d(j>3iMatmir the boiuui-uies. kc.
; I theictore heievvith -uhmit the d.aft ot a bill ci eating two
additional i mil darnels m thai Temtory : and lot my view,
! a? to the neee> nv fheiefoi, I b.><r leave to submit the eopv
ot a letfei, dared 3I.\\ -21 ItoG. to the then chanman or'ihe
1 Public laind Committee of the llon?o, covonna the copy of
a bill at That time drawn in this, o'rieo for the creation of
three additional di^niefs ; and a* tli" tea^ons (herein stated
stil! e\i-t, I lecominend now thai ealie.i two oi thiee addi-
tional di.-tuet-. i>e cieated. as the eouvnitieo may &ee pioper
to leeommend ior the fiction ol'lhc Hou^e.
The diairiam submitted by you is hc;e\vith rctmnrd.
With ciefU re-p-er,
! " TIIOM A, IICNDUIi MS. ('^■uv}n,<-ior,cr.
Hon. W. Iv. W. CoriE. Chan rf. i of Committee o,i 1'uhlir
Lends. Home oi Het,i c,ent Uivc^.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I readily see from
that vei y letter that, if these kind distiicts had been
estabh&hed m 18oG, there would have been no use i
; for them. No lands have been surveyed since; ;
1 and consecnujnTiy tliere is no power toentr r. They i
wanted th rne (viilces at ? ii;.f I 'me Thus the House j
w-li readily see that the only advantage from this j
arrangement would have been to put officers m ]
snug places, with good salaries, and with nothing j
to do. |
Mr. CURTIS. I do not know anything about i
the localttleft of this Temtory th it lia\ e Deen men- i
tinned, but I wisli to correct the gentleman fiom !
Virginia in repaid to the necessity of thu office ;
befoie piuclamation. The land office is quite as '
n^essary before the proclamation of the IVis.- !
dent as it is after. You have se^eial oince.3 al- |
ready m Nebraska, and they have been overrun |
with business. They have been great aecommo- 1
i dation to settlers who go there and piovo up their |
1 preemption claims. If 1 had my way about it, I ;
! would never have a proclamation for the sale of j
j the lands to speculators. The object of the land i
I office is to accommodate settlers. The land offices
i in Nebraska, Iowa, and all the western country,
j are more occupied with the proving of their pre-
1 ernption rights and the determination of their
| entries, than with anything else. So far from
I waiting for the opening of land offices till proela
■ mations are made, it is generally necessary that
! they should prectde the proclamation. I see, from
t the statement of the gentleman from Washington
i Territory, that now settlers have to go two or
| three hundred miles to prove their claims; and it
j seems to me, therefore, that it would be an ac-
i commodation to the settlers in Washington Ter-
! ritory to have two more offices.
| Mr. LETCHER. Will my friend from Iowa
' allow me to interrupt him at this point? This
report of the surveyor general states:
'•'A few claims aio being taken under the pieemption
, law*, but they restnet the «cttler to one htmdied and «"Ytv
; acres. It would greaMv stimulate the settlement and ocou-
' pation ot the country if the amount weie increased to three
hundred and t\venlv acies, or a new donation act made by
1 Congress, giving the settler fee Minple to his land, upon proof
■ of improvements being made to the valueot.?! portiere,
or proof otrcHdenec and cultivation for a limited penud oi'
years, at his option."
! In addition to all that, he says:
'•The population of Washington Territory has not in-
creased for the two years past, in consequence of the Indian
dithcultie? and consequent msecunty."
j Mr. CURTIS. That is a matter with which I
1 am not acquainted; but so far from voting against
: the land officcs because of no proclamation, I hope
; the House will understand that these offices are
! necessary for the accommodation of settlers, and
. that these proclamations ate only for the accom-
modation of speculators.
! Mr. HARR.IS, of Illinois. I move to refer this
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
1 of the Union, which will give us time to investi-
gate it; and on that I demand the previous ques-
tion .
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and, under its operation,
the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
LAtiD DISTRICTS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, reported
back a memorial and joint resolution of the Le-
gislative Assembly of Nebraska, asking for one
or more additional land districts m the western
portion of the Territory; and asked to have the
committee discharged from the further consider-
ation of the same.
Mr. COBB. Although our committee has been
censured for its liberality, we have agreed to re-
, port against this memorial. We think there are
enough of land offices there.
' The committee was accordingly discharged
: from the further consideration; and the memorial
; was laid upon the table.
| LANDS FOR A COLLEGE IN NEBRASKA.
! On motion of Mr. COBB, it was
j OrJccaU That the Committee on Public Land? be dis-
| ehaigrfj fiom the turthei con-ideiation of the memorial of
: sundry citizens ot Nemaha county, Nebm-ka Temiorv,
I ci^luiiif foi an appiopri.ition of public l.incK f«n the u?e and
benefit of Firou n->vn!e College; and that the memorial be
hud oa the table.
! H\r,F-r,RF,ED LANDS IN MINNESOTA.
; Mi. IiENNETT, from the Committee on Pub-
: lie Lands, reported back, with an amendment,
Senate bill (No. S)i) to amend an act entitled " An
act to authorize the President of the United States
! to cause to be surveyed the tiact of land in the
Temtory of Minnesota belonging to the half-
bieeds or mixed bloods belonging to the Dacotah
or Sioux nation of Indians," approved July 17,
'1654.
! The bill was read.
The amendment proposed by the Committee
on Pi'blic Lands is as follows:
^tnke out all of The bill lifter the woid " lands'' in the
twelfth 1'po <0'd iiii-eii tho <o'io\\iiig-
And ^ertlernenN hrretofoie made thereon are declared
valid ^o litr a-? the\ do not conflict with ^ettioments made by
h.ut-Mti u5. uiid tii.it the Nottlei- shall na\ e the benetit ot the
p'f ■ i jpti-Mi lav - of the ('nited States, an\ loeaiym^ot hah-
bieed >eiip tie leon potu it h^undini;: P/Oi'uh-iJ, Thu dee-
Im.iti "m o! pi'\-!!!]Hion be filed within thi-e i.iontli«- after
pnbli" notice is gixenof the pa---ageof tin-,set m thepiopei
land, de-tiici: *ini? } ovnicd, Tnar wiien tuooi more per-
Miih have settled on the same quaiter -eelion pnor to the
pa>-;iLre ofthis aei. thev -hall be primmed to enter the same,
and the nudits of each shall be determined according to the
' piovi-ionsof the act relating to preemptions, passed March
i a, ltfW.
V
