2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the provisions
of this act shall not extend to any tract or subdivision within
the body of land aforesaid, which shall have been settled
upon m good faith, by, and is in the occupancy of, any of
the said half-breeds or mixed bloods, which lands, so set-
tled upon and occupied by the hdlf-breeds are hereby ex-
pressly declared to be subject to no other disposition than
location by the " certificates" or " scrip" authorized to be
issued by the said actot 1854, for the benefit of said Indians,
nor shall the provisions of this act extend to any lands which
may have been located prior to its passage with half-breed
scrip, with the consent of the settlers thereon.
Mr. BENNETT. The object of the amend- ,
ment is to carry out the design of the Senate bill,
to secure to the settlers on these lands their im-
provements. The Committee on Public Lands
thought the Senate bill was not sufficiently expli-
cit to effect the object intended. Before 1854, this
land was reserved for the benefit of the mixed
bloods. They had a reservation fifteen miles back
from the river. Various persons went on these
lands and made improvements. In 1854, Congress
passed a law to exchange with these half-breeds
their reservation for other lands, secured to them
by scrip, upon their giving a full relinquishment
of all their rights, either tribal or individual, to
said reservation. Scrip was to be issued to them,
which they could locate either within the reserva-
tion or out of it. The Indians came into that ar-
rangement, and made the relinquishment, which
was in as explicit terms as possible. They relin-
quished all rights, either individual or tribal. The
act of 1854 also provided that these lands should
be surveyed and brought into market. It was
surveyed like any other public lands. There am
now some three thousand people, or more, who
have settled upon these lands, and made valuable
improvements on them. Many of them have in-
vested all they are worth in improvements. The
law reserving these lands provided that the half-
breed scrip should not be transferable, the inten-
tion being that none but half-breeds should settle
upon the reservation. The scrip, however, was,
most of it, disposed of by the half-breeds to spec-
ulators, for a trilling consideration, and the law is
evaded by locating the scrip in the name of the
Indians, the speculators taking a power of attor-
ney to locate for them, and then holding the land
afterwards for their own benefit. These specula-
tors have gone on and located their scrip upon the
lands occupied by the settlers, upon which, as I
I have said, valuable improvements have been
made. The Land Office has refused to coufnm
the entry of this half-breed scrip, and have re-
fused to confirm the rights of the settlers by pre-
emption, and have left the matter to be settled by
legislation. It is as honest a matter on the part
of the settlers as ever was presented. The elfcct
of the bill is to do justice to the honest settlers,
and will not do injustice to the half-breeds. The
law allows them to locate their scrip anywhere
upon the unoccupied public lands. The bill sim-
ply provides for confirming the title of the honest
settlers by applying the general preemption law
to them. I think the Land Office was wrong in
the construction given to the act of 1854, in not
allowing these settlers the benefit of the preemp-
tion laws. These lands werpbroughf into market
the same as other public lands, by that act—the
Indian title relinquished under it; and I think the
claims for preemption, by actual settlers, should
be regarded the same as on the other public lands;
but it has not been so decided, and an act of Con-
gress to secure them this right is believed to be
necessary.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman to the third section of the act of
1854. It reads:
il Sec. H. Jlntl be it further enacted. That from and after
the passage of this act, the President is authorized to have
Die lands* within the said reservation sin ve\v<l and exposed
10 public sale, at the land office-, for the di^tncts in wlech
said lands may lie, aecoidnrr to the hiuindaues of the aov-
eial land di^uicts lcceniSy established by Congress, in the
eume manner as other public lands."
Now, I ask, whether these lands, under this
law, were lugulaily advertised and exposed to
public sale? If they were not exposed to public
sale, is it probable that any controversy will be
likely to grow up at any future time between the
Government of the United States and these In-
dians, growing out of the treaty stipulations un-
der which the law was passed ?
Mr. BENNETT. I wjll answer the gentleman
from Virginia, that, if he will examine the whole
of the law of 1854, he will find that th^re js a
seeming conflict between the first, two sections
and the third section, which he has read. The
firstand second sections seem to regard the land, in
some respects, as still reserved; while the third sec-
tion, which the gentleman from Virginia has read,
treats it simply as public land. If the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office had given to
this third section the construction which I think
he should have given it, no further legislation
would have been necessary. But he refused to
give it that construction; and the Committee on
Indian Affairs insist that there shall be some
further legislation. Otherwise, these settlers will
be deprived of their lands. The scrip locations
and preemption rights are both suspended, for
further legislation. It is important; and this bill,
as amended, should be passed at once, and the
honest settlers protected.
Mr. GROW. Being a member of the Com-
mittee of Indian Affairs at the time the bill was
reported to the House, from which the gentleman
from Virginia has just read, I desire to state
briefly the history of the legislation on this sub-
ject.
When the Sioux Indians ceded their lands in
Minnesota, they reserved for the use of the half-
breeds belonging to their tribe a strip of land
along Lake Pepin, on the Mississippi river, thirty-
two miles long, and running back from the river
fifteen miles. In 1854, the settlers along the line
of this reservation petitioned Congress to provide
in some way for opening these lands to settle-
ment, so that roads could be built from the river
through to the settlements lyingbacl#of this res-
ervation. A bill was reported by the Committee
on Indian Affairs, of which you, Mr. Speaker,
was then chairman, under which scrip was to bo
issued to the half-breeds, which could be located
on this reserve or any other lands belonging to
the Government, and the half-breeds were to re-
linquish in full all claims to the reservation. It
was subsequently surveyed, like other public
lands, and settlers went on and occupied them and
made many valuable improvements upon them.
But speculators have purchased the scrip of the
half-breeds, and claim the right to enter it upon
the improvements of the settlers.
Mr. LETCHER. I see now exactly where the
trouble comes from. The speculators have gone
on and purchased the scrip of these half-breeds,
which the law expressly says is not transferable.
Hence the difficulty.
Mr. GROW". No, sir, the trouble is, that the
speculators who have purchased the scrip of the
half-breeds, claim the right to locate it upon the
improvements made by the settlers.
Mr. LETCHER. By what authority do these
parties buy up the scrip of the half-breeds when
the law of 1854 expressly says that no transfer,
or evidence of any transfer of scrip shall be valid?
Mr. GROW. M y recollection may be at fault,
but I think Congress, by a subsequent act, made
the scrip transferable. If not, it was by power of
attorney alone.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, oflllinois. The sciip is
not transferable. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Bennett] explained how it is purchased.
The land is located in the name of the Indians,
the purchaser holding a powerofattorney to trans-
fer the land.
Mr. LETCHER. Could a power of attorney
authorize those parties to violate the law?
Mr. GROW. As 1 understand it, the lands are
located by power of attorney m the name of the
Indians, who then transfer the lands to the specu-
lators. The objcct of this bdl is to prevent the
senp from being located upon the impiovements
made by settlers, but leaves the scrip to be located
on any unoccupied land belonging to the Govern-
ment. The object is to protect the actual settlers
against the speculators, while it does no injustice
to the Indians. If the half-breed located his scrip
on any part of this reservation before it \vas set-
tled, he holds it; and if he locates it outside of the
reservation on any land of the Government, he
holds that.
Mr. McQUEEN. It was stated before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands—and the Committee on
Public Lands acted on that statement in the in-
vestigation of this matter—that speculators went
and bought this scrip, in defiance of the law of
1854, with a view of afterwards enforcing them
against the settlers. This bill is intended to pro-
tect the settlers.
Mr. GROW". That is just as I understand it.
Mr. COBB. Those who have bought the scrip
in violation of law, have tried to get the improve-
ments of the settlers, or compel them to pay "six
or seven dollars an acre for the privilege of retain-
ing their improvements.
Mr. GROW. Exactly. My only object was
to state the history of this matter for the inform-
ation of the House. I have no doubt that the state-
ment made to the Committee on Public Lands is
correct.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Alabama has spoken of wrongs to the
settler. I would like to know by what right the
settler went upon those lands ?
Mr. COBB. My own opinion is, that under
the law, the settlers had no right to go there; but
I understand that the Land Office, in a circular,
recognized their right to do so. They did notgo
there, then, in defiance of the authority of the
General Land Office, but with the belief, under the
instructions of the Department, that they would
be entitled to the right of preemption.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman state that they went there under the
decision of the Department that they would be
entitled to preemption?
Mr. CODB. I find, in the correspondence of
that Department, that the register of the land office
there was instructed, by a circular, to permit set-
tlers to enter these lands as preemptors. I think
that that was wrong; but there is the fact, never-
theless.
Mr. GROW. Settlers go upon the public lands
whether surveyed or not, as they find them un-
occupied. A settler who goes ns a pioneer to a
new country to find a home, settles upon a quar-
ter section that he finds unoccupied. After the
issuing of this scrip, these lands were thrown into
market like other lands which had been surveyed.
The settlers went upon them, and improved them.
Last summer I passed over this reserve, and no-
ticed very many fine improvements made by the
settlers, and it is due to those settlers that they
should be protected in these improvements, thus
made.
Mr. COBB. These settlers went upon that re-
serve under the circular of the General Land Of-
fice; and they supposed that they had a right to
preemption. After a while a difficulty arose; and
the register was instructed not to permit them to
perfect their titles. These settlers had, m the
mean time, expended thousands of dollars in im-
proving the lands upon which they had settled.
My judgment has been against the interference
of Congress in the matter; but my sympathy is
with the settlers, who have gone on and settled
upon the land in good faith. Something must
now be done for their relief; for, as the law now
stands, it is calculated to give them a great deal
of trouble. This bill wipes out the whole thing.
Those who hold the scrip cannot be injured under
it, because they may locate it either within that
reservation or out of it, as they please. They call
find as good land as that which has been located
by the settler. You well know, Mr. Speaker,
for you have been in the western country, that
these land speculators seek, whenever they can,
to locate upon the claims of settlers, not so much
in view of the value of the lands as of the value
of the improvements put upon them. They do
that when they could find equally as valuable land
adjoining the settlers' land.
Mr. GROW. Admitting that technically the
settlers have no right to preemption, what is the
injury done by giving them preemption rights
under this law? You injure nobody. The Gov-
ernment takes 25 from them under their pre-
emption claim, instead of $1 25 of a speculator,
if you put them up to sale, while you leave the
owner of the land scrip to locate it, as was intend-
ed by the original act, on any lands not already
settled. The committee intended, in the law for
issuing scrip, to give the Indian his improvements,
if he had any, by allowing him to locate the scrip
on it. If not, then he could locate on any unoc-
cupied land, but not to take away other settler's
improvements. The holder of the scrip, under
this bill, will have the same right. You do not
deprive the holder of the scrip from locating upon
any unoccupied public land in or outside of this
reservation. That scrip is better now than any
other paper issued by the Government for locating
lands, because the holders of it can go on to any
land as soon as surveyed and locate, while the
