26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
out of the mail letters or newspapers which should go by
post; and farther, the s;ud contractors will convey, without
additional charge, the special agents of the Derailment, on
the exhibition of their credentials.
They further undertake, covenant,, and agree with the
United States, tliat the said contractors will collect quar-
terly, if required by the Postmaster General, of postmasters
on said route, the balances due from them to the General
Post Office,'and faithfully render an account thereof to the
Postmaster General m the settlement of quarterly accounts,
and will pay over to the General Post Office all balances
remaining in their hands.
JFor which services, when performed, the said John But-
terfield, William 13. Diusmore, Wilham G. Faig}, James
V. P. Gardner,Maicus L. Kmyon, Alexander Holland, and
Hamilton Spencer, contractors, are to be paid by the United
States the sum of six hundred thousand dollars a year, to
wit, quarterly, in the months of May, August, November,
and February, through the postma&tcis on the route, or
otherwise, at the option of the Postmaster Geneial of the
United States; said pny to ho subject, however, to be ic-
duced or discontinued by the Postmaster Goneral, as here-
inafter stipulated, or to bo suspended incase ofdolinquency.
It is hereby also stipulated and agreed by the said con-
tractors and their sureties, that m all ca«os there is to be a
forfeiture of the pay of a trip when the trip \s not run; and
of not more than three times the pay of the trip when the
tup is not iun. and no sufficient cxcusu for the failuio is
furnished; and a forfeiture of a due proportion of it when
a grade of service is tendered inferior to tne mode of con-
veyance above stipulated; and that these forfeitures may be
inci eased mto penalties of higher amount, accoidtn'' to the
nature or frequency of the failure, arid the importance of the
mail; also, that fines may be imposed upon the contractors,
unless the delinquency be satislacfouly explained to the
Posfmi-,ter General in dm? time, tor failing to take fiom or
deliver at a post office the said lettei mad, or «my pai t of it;
for suffering it to be wet, injured, lo>t, or destioyod; for
canyiitg it in a place or manner that exposes it to dopieda-
tion, loss, or injuiy, by being wet or otnervvise; for refusing,
after demand, to convoy a letter mail by any coacli or wagon
which the contractor* lcgukirly run, or ate concerned in
running, on the route beyond the number of tups above
specified ; orfornotarrivmgat the time set In fho schedule.
And foi setting up or running an expios to transmit letters
or commctciiil intelligence in advance of the iiiail.cn for
transmitting knowingly, or after b nng informed, any one
engaged m transposing letters or mad mutter in violation
of the. liiw  ot the United .States, a penalty may he exacted
of the coninnHorsequ.il to a quartet's pay ; but in all othei
cases no fine shall exceed tlner times tho puce of the trip
And whenever it is satisfaeioi ily *hown that the conuaet-
ois, their earner or agent, havo'leit oi put ande th ^ said
letter mail, or any poi non of it, for the accommodation ot
passengeis, they *hall foifeit not e weeding a quartei "s pa v.
Ami it is hereby fmther stipulated and ngteed by the said I
contractors and their nineties, that the l\<*tnKWer General '
may annul the contraei fin icpiuted failures; 103 violating
the post olfice laws ; (oi disobeying tiie hWi neiio'H ol the
3>epaitment, for rcfafing to diachatge a raiuei when re-
quited by the Department; for assigning the contract, or
any part of it, without the con.-ent ot the Postmastoi Gen-
eral ; for setting up or running an exptess as aloresaid; or
tor trail-porting peisons conveying mail matter out of" the
mail as aioresani; or whenever etiher of the eontraetois
shall heroine a postmaster, assi -taut poNtmaster, oi mem-
ber of C'ongro^ ; and tin* conti.iet t-h.til in all u*> pari-. be
subject to the terms and reqiinein-nts of an act of Con-
gress passed on the twenty iiitt dav of Apul, in the yeat
of our hold oini thousand eight hundied and eight, entitled
e< An act concerning public coanuet- "
And the Postma-tei <jeneial maval-o annul the con'uaet
whenever lie >.lKdl ducovet that the same, or any part of
it, i* oileied fox t-ale in the market loi the putpose of ^pec-
ulation.
ftisheiebv i'urflierstip'ilated and agreed, that if obstacles,
such a-5 the want of wale. <>i feed, or physical olMmriiom,
should be found between the points lie em designated, m>
that time cannot be made, and a better line can be found
between tho-e points, the Postmaster General may vaiy
the jonto lo Mich better line.
And it is also fniiher understood and ocre<'d.that the con-
tractors shall have all tiie usihN of preemption, whatever
they may be, M-cured by the "twelfth section of the ac-t of
(/ou^iess atoie•mid, nptuoved JT-tieh y, Ib.">7, on eithci of
the lines fiom the Ah.-M>-ippi ilwr to the point of then
junction \\n!i the mam ^tem, but noton both—the ejection
to be made !>\ them a. any i ime witiim twelve months after
thf date ot t he e\ceu:e>u of tin-; eoutiac*.
In wiinii-.s wheieof, the said I'ostuia^ter General Ins
caused thecal of the I'o-tOfiice Department to Is;: hereto
nfiixed. and ba-> ait." t< d thep-ann' bv ins Mgnanue, and (he
f.iid contractors and their suiehes have heuMinto >-et then
hand s and seals the day and vear set opposite their names
respectively. AAUON V. r R« )\VN, jr.. s.J
JJ0bl/i:'' iter General.
JOIR BITTnUFJHLI), fi" S ] Sept. iG.
W. [\ DhVSMORU, 11., s. I -
~wyi.il. PAIbrO. ( I,, s.) (<
J Y. J\ (JAilf)NKj?, fL
M. L. Kl\*Y')N', f„
AL10X. fji /LfiA.VD, s.
II. HPKWKR, ff,.
1). N fiARMCY. i„ s?.-| «
,1 u11VrfT(>\T LIVINGSTOX, L S. u
j)\\il> MOL'J/J'C  K\ (L. R.i
CL:JAIF I'. \VI LL1 A"VTH, [T.. S ] «
Signed, sca'ci. and delivered by the Postmaster General,
in the pies, nee <?<—
Vwi H D; XT) A .
And bvr Hie ofhei p'nt<es hereto, in the presence of—
Jir veuoY .ioi' \.,o\;
t - vac v'. rowLrii.
T hciehv c that I am \\< 11 acquainted with Dnnford
N^Cariirv. John-ton Livingston, Uavid Aloulton, and Jlh
jail P. Wiliiam.s, and the eoikut;un of then piopopy ; and
that, after full investigation and inquiry, I am well satisfied
that they are good and sufficient sureties for the amount in
the foregoing contract. ISAAC V. FOWLER,
Postmaster at New York, N~. Y.
[Indorsement.]
Ordered, That whenever the contractors and their securi-
ties shall file in the Post Office Department a request m
writing that they desire to make the junction of the two
branches of said road at Preston, instead of Little Rock, the
Department vvdl permit the same to be done by some route
not further west than to Springfield, in Missouri, thence
by Fayettcville, Van Buren, and Fort Smith, m the State
or Arkansas, to the said junction at or near the town of
Preston, m Texas; but said new line will be adopted on the
express condition that the said contractors shall not claim
or demand from the Department or fiom Congress any in-
creased compensation for, or on account of, such change in
the route liom St. Louis, or of the point of junction of the
two loutes from Little Rock to Preston; and on the further
express condition, that whilst the amount of lands to which
the contractors may be entitled under the act of Congiess
may be estimated on cither of said blanches from Preston
to St. Louis, or Memphis, at their option, yet the said eon-
traetois shall take one half of that amount on each of said
branches, so that neither shall have an advantage in the
way of stations and settlement over the other; and in case
said eontraetois, m selecting and locating their lands, shall
disrogaul this condition, oi give undue advantage to one of
said bianchos ovet the othei, the Department leseives the
power of discontinuing said new route from St. Louis to
Preston, and to hold said contractors and thejr securities
to the original route and terms expressed andsotfoith in
the body of this contract. AAIION V. BROWN,
Postmaster General.
Sei'Tkaiukk 11,18o7.
Having fumijihed the above detail of facts, the
Department does not consider it improper to sub-
mit a few observations in relation to the reasons
which induced a preference for the route selected.
The law of Congress not being mandatory, the
Department did not feel at liberty, in the exercise
of a sound discretion, to select any route over
which it was considered physically impossible to
obtain the service within the time and hy the
mode of conveyance specified in the act. The trip
was to bo made within twenty-five days, in four-
horse coaches, suitable for the conveyance of pas-
sengers as well as the safety and security of the
mails. Applying these requirements to the ex-
treme. northern route proposed, from St. Louis by
PI >r t Independence, Fort Laramie, Salt Lake, &c.,
the Department had the recorded experience of
many years n:;amst the practicability of procur-
ing anything like regular and certain serviec on
that route. The United States had had a mail
carried for years on that route, and the returns in
the Department showed the most conclusive facts
a«-ainst its selection. The mails for November,
December, and January, 1850-51, did not arrive
until March, 1851. The winter months of 1851-552
wei e very severe. The carrier and postmaster re-
ported that they started in time, but had to turn
back. The mails of February, March, and De-
cember, of 1850, were impeded by deep snow.
Those of January and February, JS54, on account
of deep snow, did not arrive until the month of
April. There was no improvement m the service
even down to the November mail of 185G, which
left Independence on the 1st of November, and,
on account of deep snow, was obliged to winter
in the mountains. The snow caused almost an
entire failure for four months of the year. These
actual experiments, made from the year 1850 to
the present time, without referring to the concur-
ring testimony of explorers and travelers, put this
route imtn'ely out of the question.
The next route to be considered was the one by
Albuquerque—whether the same might start from
Memphis or St. Louis. Is this route sufficiently
level and exempt from snow, ice, and extremely
cold weather, to give the promise that the required
service can be performed with regularity and cer-
tainty throughout the entire year ? And if it can
bo so performed, can it be done with reasonable
safety and comfort to the passengers who are to
be transported over it' The mere transmission :
of the " letter mail" was certainly not the sole ;
object of the law. it looks expressly to the com- j
fort of travelers in the stage, and doubtless to the ;
millions of emigrants and others who, for a^ea, i
might pass to and from our Pacific States. & j
Cy an inspection of the general profile sheets
accompanying the Pacific railroad reports, it will
be seen that the mean elevation of the plateau of I
the Sierra Madie mid R,ocky Mountains is about I
7,000 feet above the level ot'the sea near the 35th
parallel, (Albuquerque route;) and near the 32d I
parallel (El Paso route) it is about i,UUU or 4/3U0 ;
feet, (Lieutenant Parlfe,) giving a difference of
2,800 or 3,000 feet. This difference in elevation,
in a climatological point of view, is very import-
ant, as will be shown by comparison of extremes
of climate on these routes.
Next, with regard to the climate of winter, par-
ticularly along these routes, we present the fol-
lowing facts:
Mbuquerque route.—At Albuquerque, accord-
ing to the meteorological report of the medical
department of the United States Army, the max-
imum and minimum temperatures, respectively,
were, for the winter months of 1849 and 1850: in
December, 53°, 50; January, 49°, minus ISO;
February, 57°, 17°. For 1850 and 1851: in De-
cember, 520, minus 5°; January, 57°, 8°; Febru-
ary, 59°, 7°. For 1852 and 1853: in December,
65°, 210; January, 65°, 19°; February, CG°, 13°.
For 1853 and 1854: in December, 66°, 20°; Jan-
uary, 03°, 5°; February, 67°, 15°; and in De-
cember, 1854, 58°, 190.
At Fort Defiance, about twenty miles north of
Campbell's Pass in latitude, and from 300 to 500
feet higher, the maximum and minimum temper-
atures, respectively, were: for the month of De-
cember, 1851, 620, 4O; 18 inches snow. For 1852
and 1853: in December, 50°, 20; January, 55°,
7°; February, 56°, G°. For 1853 and 1854: in
December, 570, go; January, 49°, minus 20°;
February, 54°, 2°. For 1854 and 1855: Decem-
ber, 05°, 10°; January, 59°, minus 170; Febru-
ary, CIO, 130. For 1855 and 1856: December,
56°, minus 25°; January, 54°, minus 8°; Febru-
ary, 51°, minus 3°.
At Albuquerque, December, 1856, the maxi-
mum was 650, minimum 50; Rio Grande frozen
over, so as to be passable, from 7th to 25th Jan-
uary, 1857; maximum 66°, minimum 4°; on the
9th, 10th, and 11th, the thermometer stood, re-
spectively, minus 3°, minus 20, minus 4°. Feb-
ruary, 1857, maximum 72°, minimum 10O.
At Fort Defiance, December, 185G, the maxi-
mum was 50O, minimum minus lio. On the 2d,
the thermometer stood, at 9 p. m., ?ninus 2°; oh
the 3d, at 7 a. m. and 9 p. m., ??u?uts 2°; on the
4th,at 7a.m., minus 10°; on the 5th, at 7 a. m.,
minus 60; on the 6th, at 7 a. m., minus 11°; on
the 7th, at 7 n. m., minus 70; on the 8th, at 7
a. m., minus 1°; on the 10th, at 7 a. m., zero; on
the 13th, at 7 a. m., minus 9°, and at 9 p. m.,
minus 70.
For January, maximum 540, minimum minus
11°. On the 9th, 10th, and 11th, the thermome-
ter stood, at 7 a. m., respectively, minus 7°,
minus ] 1°, minus HO; on the 10th, at 9 p. m.,
minus 40.
For February, maximum was 60°, minimum
minus 1QO.
u On Pocemliei the thermometer at the ho?pitil
at Fn,t Defianee gave a reading of tlmly-uvo degieed (32°)
below zeio at quarter pa-it six, a. m. The hospital k not
l>v any moans m lac eold-.v-t pouion of the gairison. Two
lmmii oil yaids distant, the meictiry, in January. 1853. ranged
fioia tbui to eight decrees bel.nv that at the hospital, and
these 10 nut the plainest doubt of Die freezing ot the mei-
enry had the in-itrumcnt boon placcd in tlio more exposed
situation 011 the morning of December 23, ] S55. J1 member
of men oil dctadicd scrv/uc had their hands and fed frozen,
and ocvia badly. The nieieuiy v.as brtow zero lour moin-
ing3 in December. J8."i5; si-c morning* in January, 1S5G;
tluee mornings ill February, and 011 the moimngsof the 1st
and 2d of March, it was below zero.
" The table above will give a fair idea of the climate of
the countiy. Tne ivmterof J854 and tiioG was more seveie
than any one known for many yeais. The wintl-v weather
ro'r, on the l=t of November, 1855, and lias con-
tinued up to the pn-sont time, March 14, 1856. The Ji;o
Giande,at Albuquerque, was frozen over, and wit'n ice sut-
flcientlvsiiong to beat a horse and caireta. Those Indians
who live habitually 10 the roith of Foit Defiance weie
obliged to abandon that portion of the countiy and move
south with tlleir tlocks and herds in quest of giazm". oa
account of the depth of snow, which, m the mountain's at
-"■"hobase the foit is situated, was over two feet m depth
in. March, —Corieipondcncc. J, Lcfherman, e?
ant Surgeon, U. S. Jl.; Smithsonian Report, I800, pa«e
On the 24th of December, 1853, Captain Whip-
ple experienced snow storms and weather suffi-
ciently cold to contract the mercury 3 JO below
zero, near the San Francisco mountains, and still
further west, in the Aztec Pass, to 24° below
zero, when he experienced another severe snow
storm. So much for the climate of winter 011 the
Albuquerque route.
Let us compare this account of the climate, ex-
tracted from undoubted sources, with that along
the more southern route selected.
