■1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was immediately after
the treaty of Utrecht, in 1713. Very soon after-
wards the nascent spirit of fanaticism began to
obtain a foothold in England; and although large
numbers of negro slaves were owned in Great
Britain, and, as I said before, were daily sold on
the public exchange in London, questions arose
as to the right of the owneis to retain property
in their slaves; and the merchants of London,
alarmed, submitted the question to Sir Philip
Yorke, who afterwards became Lord Hardwicke,
and to Lord Talbot, who were then the solicitor
and attorney general of the kingdom. The ques-
tion was propounded to them," what are the rights
of a British owner of a slave in England?" and
th is is the answer of those two legal functionaries.
They certified that (ta slave coming from the
West Indies to England, with or without his
master, doth not become free; and his master's
property in him is not thereby determined nor ,
varied, and the master may legally compel him I
to return to the plantations." I
And, in 1749, the same question again came up ;
before Sir Philip Yorke, then Lord Chancellor of
England, under the title of Lord Hardwicke, and,
by a decreo in chancery in the case before him,
he affirmed the doctrine which he had uttered
when he was attorney general of Great Britain.
Things thus stood in England until the year
1771, when the spirit of fanaticism, to which I
have adverted, acquiring strength, finally operated
upon Lord Mansfield, who, by a judgment ren-
dered in the cose known as the celebrated Som-
mersett case, subverted the common law of Eng-
land by ju dicial legislation, as I shall prove in an
instant. I say it not on my own authority. I
would not be so presumptuous. The Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] need not smile at my
statement. I will give him higher authority than
anything I can dare assert. I say that in 1771
Lord Mansfield subverted the common law of
England in the Sommersett case, and decided, not
that a slave carried to England from the West
Indies by his master thereby became free, but that
by the law, of England, if the slave resisted the
master, there was no remedy by which the mas-
ter could exercise his control; that the colonial
legislation which afforded the master means of
controlling his property had no authority in Eng-
land, and that England by her laws had provided
no substitute for that authority. That was what
Lord Mansfield decided. I say this was judicial
legislation. 1 say it subverted the entire previous
jurisprudence of Great Britain, f have just ad-
verted to the authorities for that position. Lord ;
Mansfield felt it. The case was argued before !
him over and over again, and he begged the par- j
ties to compromise. They said they would not. |
44 Why," said he, " I have known six of these ;
cases already, and in five out of the six there was ;
a compromise; you had better compromise this j
matter;" but the parties said no, they would stand :
on the law; and then, after holding the case up J
two terms, Lord Mansfield mustered up courage J
to say just what I have asserted to be his decision; ,
that there was no law in England affording the i
master control over his slave; and that therefore
the master's putting him on board of a vessel in
irons, being unsupported by authority derived
from English law, and the colonial law not being
in force in England, he would discharge the slave
from custody on habeas corpus, and leave the mas-
ter to his remedy as best he could find one.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Decided so unwillingly, i
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman is right— ;
very unwillingly. He was driven to the decision ^
by the paramount power which is now perverting !
the principles, and obscuring the judgment of the ;
people of the North; and of which I must say j
there is no more striking example to be found \
than its effect on the clear and logical intellect of j
my friend from Maine. I
Mr. President, I make these charges in relation ;
to that judgment, bccause in them I am supported i
by an intellect greater than Mansfield's; by a judge 1
of resplendent genius and consummate learning;
one who, in all questions of international law, on
all subjects not dependent upon the peculiar mu-
nicipal technical common law of England, has won
for himself the proudest name m theannals of her
jurisprudence—the gentleman knows well that I
refer to Lord Stowell. ^ As late as 1827, twenty
yrars after Groat Britain had abolished ^thc sJa"ve
tiadc, six years before she brou^nt to tne
point of confiscating the property of her colonies
which she had forced them to buy, a case was
brought before that celebrated judge; a case known
to all lawyers by the name of the slave Grace.
It was pretended in the argument that the slave
Grace was free, because she had been carried to '
England, and it was said, under the authority of j
Lord Mansfield's decision in the Sommersett case, j
that, having once breathed English air, she was j
free; that the atmosphere of that favored king- j
doin was too pure to be breathed by a slave. I
Lord Stowell, in answering that legal argument, j
said that after painful and laborious research into j
historical records, he did not find anything touch- \
ing the pecuharfitness of the English atmosphere i
for respiration during the ten centuries that slaves ■
had lived in England. j
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to !
some passages in that celebrated decision, in an- ;
swer to another proposition which the Senators •
who are opposing this bill assume in nearly all ;
their arguments, and that is, that slavery is the ;
creature of positive legislation, and cannot be es-
tablished by customary law or usage. That point
was raised in this case, and Lord Stowell thus
disposed of it:
•! Having adverted to most of the objections that arise to
the revival of slavery m the coionies, I have first to observe
that it returns upon the slave by the same title by which it
grew up originally. It never was m Antigua the creature of
law, but of that custom which operates with the force of
Jaw; and when it is cried out that malus usus abolendus
est, it is first to be proved that, even in the consideration of
England, the use of slavery is consideicd as a malus usus
in the colonies. Is thatawafrts usus which the court of
the King's privy council and the courts of chancery are
every day carrying into full effect in all considerations of
property, m the one by appeal, and in the other by original
causes; and all this enjoined and confirmed by statutes?
Still less is it to be considered as a malus usus in the colonics
themselves, where it has been incorporated into full life and
establishment; where it is the system of the State and of
every individual in it; and fifty years have passed without
any authorized condemnation of it m England, as a malus
u&m in the colonics,."
This, sir, was fifty years after Lord Mansfield's
speech in the Sommersett case: '
"The fact is, that m England, where villenage of both
sorts went into total decay, we had communication with
no other country; and, therelore, it is triumphantly de- |
dared, as I have befoie observed,1 once a freeman, ever a j
freeman,' theie being no other country with which we had j
immediate connection, which, at the time of supposing j
thatsystem, we had any occasion to trouble ourselves about, j
But slavery was a very favored introduction into thf eolo- j
nies; it was deemed a great source of the mercantile interest '
of the country, and was,on thataceount, largely considered .
by the mother country as a gieat Miuiee of its wealth and :
etiength. Treaties were made on that account, and the col- •
onies compelled to submitto those ueaties by the authority,
of this coumiy. This system continued cntiie. Instead of
j being condemned as mains us us, it wad rcgaided as a most
I eminent source of its nches and power It was at a late
I ppiiod of the last centuiy that it was condemned m Eng-
1 land as an institution not fit to existheie, for reasons peculiar
j to our own condition; but it ha-, been continued m oui co!o-
I rues, favored and supported bvour own courts, winch have
! liberally imparted to it their protection and encouragement.
1 To such a system, whilst if is supported. I rather tcei it to
1 b« too strong to apply the maturi, mains vsvs obnlendiis est.
The time mav come when this institution may iall m the
colonies, as other institutions have done in other flourish-
ing countries ; but I am of opinion it can only be effected
at the joint expense of both countries, for it is in a peculiar
manner the crime of this country; and I lather feel it to be
an objection to this species of emancipation, that it is in-
I tended to be a very cheap measure beie by thiowing the
i whole expense upon the country."—2 Haggard's Reports,
! 126, ct seq.
After that decision had been rendered, Lord
Stowell, who was at that time m correspondence
with Judge Story, sent him a copy of it, and
wrote to him upon the subject of his judgment.
No man will doubt the anti-slavery feelings and
pioclivities of Judge Story. He was asked to
j take the decision into consideration and give his
! opinion about it. Here is his answer:
" I have read, with great attention, your judgment m the
slave case. Upon the fuflest consideiation winch I have
been able, to give the subject, I entirely concur in your
views. If 1 had been called upon to pronounce a judgment
m a like case, I should have certainly arrived at the same
result."
That was the opinion of Judge Story in 1827;
but, sir, whilst contending, as I here contend, as
a proposition, based in history, maintained by le-
gislation, supported by judicial authority oi the
greatest weight, that slavery, as an institution,
was protected by the common law of those col-
onies at the date of the Declaration of Independ-
ence, I go further, though not necessary to my
argument, and declare that it was the common
law of the whole continent of North end South
Amcnca alike. Why, Mr. President, tne Intro-
pean continental powers, which joined and co-
operated with Great Britain in the discovecy and
establishment of colonies on this continent, all of
them followed the same views of policy. France,
Spain, Portugal, and England, occupied the whole
continent, North and South. The legislation of
all of them was the same. Louis XIII.,by royal
edict, established slavery in all his colonies" in
America. Everybody knows that it was through
the interference of Las Casas that the Spanish
Grown inaugurated the slave trade with a view
of substituting the servile labor of the African for
that of the Indians, who had been reduced to sla-
very by their Spanish conquerors. As regards
Portugal, she inaugurated the trade; she origin-
ally supplied all the colonies; and the Empire of
Brazil to-day, with its servile labor, is the legit-
imate fruit of the colonial policy of the Portuguese
Government in the sixteenth century. She began
her trade in 1508, and some authors say even be-
fore the colonization of America in the fifteenth
; century.
I say that slavery was thus the common rec-
ognized institution of the New World. I do not
thereby mean to admit for a moment that it was
not the common law'of the Old World when this
nation was formed. Have we all forgotten that
white slavery existed in England until a compar-
atively very recent period ? It did not finally dis-
appear until the reign of James II. What was
that system of villenage, of which all the old law-
writers speak ? They were all slaves. These
villeins were divided into two classes—villeins-
regardantand villeins ingross—bothslaves. The
i only difference between them was, that the vil-
j leins-regardant were attached to the soil; they
: could not be sold away from the glebe; they fol-
lowed the conveyance of the estate into the hands
of the new lord; but the villeins in gross were
mere chattels, sold from hand to hand, just as
negroes are sold at the present hour. If any gen-
tleman is curious to see something on this subject,
he will find a concise account of it in the first vol-
ume of the celebrated treatise of Mr. Spence, on
the equity jurisdiction of the courts of chancery.
That volume contains a very concise and admir-
able history of the* English law. He will find
there some statements in relation to the law of
villenage in England. But, sir, a true picture, a
fair picture of the state of the villeins of England,
i is nowhere better given than in the celebrated ar-
' ejument of Hargrave, the great lawyer who was
1 the counsel for the slave in the Sommersett case. -
One passage will give us his description of what
j the villein was under the common law of Eng-
! land:
{< The condition of a villein had most of the incidents
which I have before described in givingthe idea of slavery
' in general. His service was uncertain and indeterminate,
, such as his lord thought fit to requue ; or, as some of our
' ancient writers express it, he knewnotin the evening what
' he was to do m the morning; he was bound to do whatever
he was commanded. lie was liable to beating, impuson-
nient, and eveiy other chastisement bis lord might prescribe,
except killing and maiming. He was incapable of acquiring
piopertv for his own benefit, the rule being * quicquid acqui-
ritur servo, ccquiritur domino.' He was himself the subject
• of pioperty; as such, salable and transmissible. Ifhewas
a viiiem-icgaidant. he passed with the manor or land to
' which he was annexed, but might be severed at the pleasure
1 of his lord. If he was a viilem m gioss, he was a beredit-
, anient or a chattel real, according to his lord's interest?
j being descendible to the heir where the lord was absolute
• owner, and transmissible to the executor where the lord had
onlv a teim of years in hun. Lastly, the slavery extended
'' to the issue, if both parents were villeins, or if the father
*va« a villein; our law deiiving the condition of the child
from that of the father, contrary to the Roman law, in which
' the rule was 'partus sequitvr ventrem.5 The origin of vil-
lenage is principally to be derived from the wars between
\ our British, Saxon," Danish, and Norman ancestors, whilst
they vveic contending for the possession of this country.
;! Judge Fitzherbert, in his reading on the fourth of Edw. I,
' stat. 1, entitled' extcnta mancriW supposes villenage to have
commenced at the Conquest,bythedistubuiion then made
1 of the forfeited lamk, and of the vanqui-hed inhabitants
: resident upon them. But there were many bondmen in
1' England bpfore the Conq nest, as appears by the Anglo-Saxon
; laws regulating them ; and theietore it would be nearer the
truth to attribute the origin of villeins as well to the pre-
! ceding wars and revolutions in tin" country as to the effeets
:! of the Conquer"—20 Hoi?cU:s State Trials, pp. 35-7.
; I say, then, sir, that white slavery was the
' common law of England down to James II.; and
, if any man is peculiarly curious to learn the pro-
i cess by which it gradually disappeared, and has
, any taste for antiquarian lore, if he will look to
;j the appendix to the twentieth volume of Howell s
1 State Trials, he will find a commission issued by
'! Q,ueen Elizabeth to Cecil, Lord Burleigh, and
1 Sir Willhm Mildmav. giving them authority to
