1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
go into her counties of Gloucester, Cornwall,
Devon, and Somerset, and there to manumit her
slaves, by getting from them a reasonable price for
their liberty. That is the way slavery was abol-
ished in England. It was abolished by the grad-
ual emancipation of the slaves, resulting from the
sale by the lord to the slave himself, of his right
over him. 1 will read a passage of this commis-
sion:
" Elizabeth, by the Grace of God, &c. To our right
truhtie and well-beloved counsellor, sir VV. Oecilf of the
Gaiter Kmghte, lord Burghley and liighe Treasorer of Eng-
land, and to our trustie and right well-beloved counsellor,
sir Walter Mildmay, Knight, chauncellor and under treas-
orer of our exchequer, greetinge.
" Wheieas, divers and sundrie of our poore faithfull and
loyal subjectes, being borne bonde m blode and regardaunt
to divers and sundrie our manors and possessions within
our realm of England, have made humble suyte unto us to
be manumysed, enfraunchised, and made free, with tlieiie
children and sequells by reason whereof they theire children
and &eque!U> may become more apte and fitte members for
the service of us and of our common wealthe.
" We therefore, having tender consideration of their said
eute, and well considering the same to be acceptable to
Alimghue God" 
-Now, we all suppose she is going to give them
their freedom. Not at all. She is willing to sell
them to themselves at a fair price; and so she goes
on:
cc And we do commytt and give unto you full power and
authoritie by these presents, to accepte, admitte, and receive
to be manumysed, enfraunchised, and made free, suche
and so many of our bondmen and bondwomen in blood,
with all and every their children and sequells, theire goodes,
landes, tenementes, and heieditaments, as are now ap-
perteynynge or regardaunte to all or any of our maunois,
landes, tenementes, po?ses?sions, or hereditaments within
the said several counties of Cornwall, Devon, Someisett,
and Gloucester as to you by your discretions shall seme
mete and convenient, co,npoundine;c icith them for sitchc
reasonable fines or snmmesof money to be taken andreceived
to our u>e for the manumy*sion and enfiaunchisement, and
for the pn^-'es^ions, and enjoying of all and singular theire
'andes, tenementes, hereditaments, goodes and chattells
whatsoever, as you and thf y can aggree for the same after
youi wisdom.es and diseietions.,J
Here, then, was slavery in its widest and broad-
est acceptation, in Great Britain, in the time of
Elizabeth, and it never finally disappeared from
the kingdom until the reign of James II.
How was it m France? In Franco they had a
system of white slaves of the same kind. 'There
they called them gens de main morte—mortmain
people, bccause they belonged to the estates; and
they, in 1779, were enfranchised by royal edict, in
these words:
"We have been greatly affected by the consideration that
a large number of our subjects, still attached as slaves to
the glebe, are regarded as fornti ng part of it as it were: that
depuved of the libcity of their persons, and of the rights of
property, they themselves are considered as the propeitvof
their lords; that they have not the consolation of bequeath-
ing their goods, and that, except in a few eases rigorously
ctrcumscubed, they cannot even transmit to their own
clnldien the-fruits of their own labor."
That caused the last remnant of white slavery
to disappear in France in 1779, after our inde-
pendence.
As regards Spain, let any one who is in the :
habit of reading the literature of that country for
the eighteenth century tell me if he remembers a
solitary tale or romance of her authors in which
some Moorish or negro slave is not introduced as
the familiar inmate of the household. As regards
the remainder of the European continent, it is still
governed with beneficent sway by the civil law, j
and all know that that law protects, in every as-
pect, the relation between master and slave.
Thus, Mr. President, I say that even if we ad-
mit for the moment that by the common law of
the nations which coionizcd this continent, the
institution of slavery at the time of our independ-
ence, was dying away by the manumissions either
gratuitous or for a price of those who held the peo-
ple as slaves, yet so far as the continent of Amer-
ica was concerned, North and South, there did i
not breathe a being who did not know that a |
negro, under the Common law of the continent, !
was merchandise, was property, was a slave, and !
that he could only extricate himself from that
status, stamped upon him by the common law of
the country, by positive proof of manumission.
No man was bound to show title to his negro
slave. The slave was bound to show manumis-
sion under which he had acquired his freedom, by
the common law of every colony. Why, sir, can
any man doubt, is there a gentleman here, even
the Senator from Maine, who doubts that if, after
the Revolution, the different States of this Union
had not pv-rjed lav/a upon the subject to abol-
ish slavery, to subvert this common law of the
continent, every one of these States would be
slave States yet? How came they free States?
Did not they have this institution of slavery im-
printed upon them by the power of the mother
country? How did they get rid of it? All, all
must admit that they had to pass positive acts of
legislation to accomplish this purpose. "Without
that legislation they would still be slave States.
What, then, becomes of the pretext that slavery
only exists in those States where it was estab-
lished by positive legislation, that it has no in-
herent vitality out of those states, and that slaves
are not considered as property by the Constitu-
tion of the United States ?
When the delegates of the several colonies
which had thus asserted their independence of the
British Crown met in convention, the decision of
Lord Mansfield in the Sommersett case was recent-
known to all. At the same time, a number of the
northern colonies had taken incipient steps for
the emancipation of their slaves. Here permit
mc to say, sir, that, with a prudent regard to what
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] yesterday
called the u sensitive pocket-nerve,"they all made
these provisions prospective. Slavery was to be
abolished afteracertain future time—just enough
time to give their citizens convenient opportunity
for selling the slaves to southern planters, putting
the money in their pockets, and then sending to
us here, on this floor, representatives who flaunt
in robes of sanctimonious holiness; who make
parade of a cheap philanthropy, exercised at our
expense; and who say to all men, " look ye now,
how holy, ho>v pure we are; you are polluted by
the touch of slavery; we are free from it."
I say that was the position of the delegates
when they met in convention; and it was neces-
sary to make provision in relation to slaves. In
the northern States.slavery was about to be abol-
ished. If Lord Mansfield's decision in the Som-
mersett case was to be followed as the rule, it was
obvious that southern slaves were exposed to
being plundered, robbed, carried away from their
masters. On the other hand, by a compromise
between the North and the South, slaves had en-
tered into the representative basis of the country.
What was to be done ? Two clauses were putm
the Constitution, one to guaranty the South its
property—it provided for the return to the south-
ern owner of the slave that was recognized as his
property, another clause for the North, to prevent
a disturbance of the representative basis by im-
portation of slaves. The North said to the South,
" You shall not increase your laboring population
by importation after twenty years, because we of
the North have an inteiest in that question; we
have agreed they shall be counted in the repre-
sentative basis, and we want protection as well
asyou." Thatisall the Constitution.says on this
subject. It guaranties to the South the sanctity
of its peculiar property; it protects the North
against any abnormal augmentation of the num-
ber of slaves in the South which might give them
an undue preponderance in the representation of
the different States of the Union.
Now, sir, because the Supreme Court of the
United States says—what is patent to every man
who reads the Constitution of the United States—
that it does guaranty property in slaves, it has
been attacked with vituperation here, on this
floor, by Senators on all sides. Some have ab-
stained from any indecent, insulting remarks in
relation to the court. Some have confined them-
selves to calm and legitimate argument. To them
I am about to reply. To the others, I shall have
something to say a little later. What says the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden?] He says:
" Had the result of that election been otherwise, and had
not the [Democratic] party triumphed on the dogma which
they had thus introduced, we should never have heard of a
doctrine so utteily at variance with all truth; so utterly des-
titute of all legal logic; so founded 011 error, and unsup-
ported by anything like' argument, as is the opinion of the
Supreme Court."
He says, further:
" T should like, if I had time, to attempt to demonstrate
the taliacy of tnat opinion. I have examined the view of
the Supreme Court of the United States on the question of
the power 01'the Constitution to carry slavery into free ter-
ritoiy belonging to the United States, and I tell you that I
believe any tolerably respectable lawyer 111 the United States
can show, beyond all question, to any fair and unprejudiced
mind, that the decision has nothing to stand upon except
Assumption, and had logic from the assumptions made. The
nam piopo.-mnu on which that decicion i? founded; ;nc h
corner-stone of it, without which it- is nothing, without
which it fails entirely to satisfy the mind of any man, 13
this: that the Constitution of the United States recognizes
property in slaves, and protects it as such, f deny it. It
neither recognizes slaves as property, nor does it protect
slaves as pioperty."
The Senator here, you see, says that the whole
decision is based on that assumption, which is
false. He says that the Constitution does not
recognize slaves as property, nor protect them as
property, and his reasoning, a little further on, is
somewhat curious. He i
" Qn what do thev found the assertion that the Constitu-
tion recognizes slavery as property*? On the provision of
the Constitution by which Congress is prohibited from pass -
ing a law to pievent the African slave trade for twenty
years ; and therefore they say the Constitution recognizes
slaves as property."
I should think that was a pretty fair recogni-
tion of it. On this point the gentleman declares:
" Will not anybody see that this constitutional provision,
if it works one way, must woik the other ? If, by allowing
the slave trade for twenty years, we recognize slaves as
property, when we say that "at the end of twenty years we
will cease to allow it, or may cease to do so, is not that de-
nying them to be property after that period elapses?"
That is the argument. Nothing but my respect
for the logical intellect of the Senator from Maine
could make me treat this argument as serious, and
nothing but having heard it myself would make
me believe that he ever uttered it. What, sir!
The Constitution of our country says to the South,
Si you shall count as the basis of your represent-
ation five slaves as being three white men; you
may be protected in the natural increase of your
slaves; nay, more, as a matter of compromise you
may increase theirnumberifyouchoose,for twen-
ty years, by importation; whenthesetwenty years
are out, you shall stop." The Supreme Court of
the United States says, " well; is not this a rec-
ognition of.slavery,of property in slaves?" " Oh,
no," says the gentleman,<( the rule must work
both ways; there is a con verse J.o the proposition.5'
Now, sir, to an ordinary, uninstructea intellect,
it would seem that the converse of the proposition
was simply that at the end of twenty years you
should not any longer increase your numbers by
importation; but the gentleman says the converse
of the proposition is that at the end of the twenty
years, after you have, under the guarantee of the
Constitution, been adding by importation to the
previous number of your slaves, then all those
that you had before, and all those that, under that
Constitution, you have imported, cease to be rec-
ognized as property by the Constitution, and on
this proposition he assails the Supreme Court of
the United States—a proposition which he says
will occur to anybody !
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me ? s
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should be very glad to
enter into this debate now, but I fear it is so lau
that I shall not be able to get through to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it is of no con-
sequence.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What says the Senator
from V01 mont, [Mr. Collamer,] who also went
into this examination somewhat extensively. I
read from his printed speech:
" f do not say that slaves are never property. I do not
soy that they are, ot are not. Within the limits of a Sn e
which declares them to be property, they are property, be-
cause they arc within the jurisdiction of that govcrnuicr't
winch makes the declaration; but I should wish to
of it in the light of amemher of the United States Sena:.*,
and in the language of the United States Constitution, if
this be pioperty in the States, what is the nature and exb i>t
of ft? f insist that the Supreme Court have often decided,
and everybody has understood, that slavery is a local nifi-
tution, existing by force of State law; and of course that
law can sive it no possible character beyond the limits of
that .State. I shall no doubt find the idea better expic-*^d
m the opinion of Judge Nelson, in this same Dred Scott
decision. I prefer to read ftrs language. He declares :
{tc T2very State or nation possesses an exclusive sover-
eignty and jurisdiction within her own territory; and her
laws afreet and bind all property and persons residing
withm it. ft may legulate the mannei and circumstances
under which property held, paid the condition, capacity,
and state, of all persons therein; and, also, the remedy and
the modes 01 administering justice. And it is equally true,
that no State or nation can affect or bind property out of
its territory, or peihons not residing within it. No StP.l",
therefore, can enact Jaws to operate beyond its own domin-
ions; and, if it attempts to do so, may be lawfully icfu-rd
obedience. Such laws can have no authority extra-tern-
tonally. This is the necessary result of the independence
or distinct and separate sovereignties.'
u Ileie is the law; and under n exists the law of *lav«ry
m the ditFcrent States. By virtue of this very principle it
cannot extend one mchbeyond its own territorial limits, A
Suite cannot regulate the relation of master anil slave, of
ownei and pi open;.-, Ihe manner and title of dc^conS or
