2092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
which the squatter can cheat the real holder out
of his title. I do not want to detain the commit-
tee; I have done my duty in calling the attention
of the committee to the facts. This whole bill
ought to be killed. We ought never to repeat the
experiment of this bill.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the member
of the Committee on Private Land Claims [Mr.
Blair] who reported this bill I am sorry to see
is not now in his seat. I will, however, make
some response to what has*been said by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. I imagine the member
from Kentucky and myself have in view a like
object; and that is, to enable the people of the
Territory of New Mexico to establish, in the
quickest time and with the least expense to them,
the right to their lands. That I take to be the
gentleman's desire; certainly it is mine; and has
been that of the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The member from Kentucky argues that if this
bill is passed, ail the rights of all the people of
New Mexico will be put off for ten years, if they
are tested in that time; and that before they are
tested, these claims will all have passed into the
hands of speculators. He fiuther states, (and
he gives that as a reason, 1 believe, why this bill,
or indeed any bill, should not be passed by this
House,) that by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo
the rights of these parties are protected by treaty.
3f that gentleman had lived, as I have done, in a
State where Spanish and French titles have not
only been held m abeyance for ten, but for fifty
years, he would have known what difficulties the
people of New Mexico are likely to suffer unless
something of this kind is done for them by Con-
gress. What is a perfect title in New Mexico ?
Can the holder point to any law upon your statute-
book ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I point to
the treaty.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Yes, sir; and I can refer to
a bill upon the Calendar of this House, where, in
a case from my own State, when the title was de-
cided to be perfect by the United States district
court in New Orleans, the Supreme Court of the
United States threw it out, because the title was
imperfect, and, therefore, the lower court had
no jurisdiction in the case, and whore Congress
is now asked to confirm the title. Why was this ?
Because no law has been passed by this Govern-
ment giving power to adjudicate these claims, and
that power now rests here alone. The only way
by which the claims of the citizens ofNcw Mexico
can be protected from what has taken place in
Louisiana, Missouri, and other States, is this:
These claimants must make some showing before
some authority that they have certain claims;
the claims are then marked upon the plats of
surveys, and they so remain until they tire decid-
ed by Congress or by some tiibunal established
by Congiess. In Louisiana, Missouri, and Flor-
ida, the rights of many hundred claimants under
French and Spanish authority have been withheld
up to this period, and have remained undeterm-
ined. Why? Because Congress has not con-
firmed them—claims, sir, recognized as perfect by
treaty, which is considered the supreme law of
the land. Yet while recognized by treaty, they
are as worthless as the paper upon which then-
titles are written, unless confirmed by Congress.
That, sir, is an answer which every man ac-
quainted with the system of private claims in ter-
ritories acquired from foreign Governments knows
to be true.
Now, sir, the, first claim yet acted on in New
Mexico was acted on this morning in this House
by the passage of the bill relating to the Pueblos,
and it is ten years si nee we acquired thatTerntory.
When we have taken so long a time to act in this
case, how long will it be before we shall have
acted in all these cases ? Sir, as I have said, there
are m my State many claims under original French
and Spanish rule which are yet undecided. There
are a number of bi^s here now to confirm these
ciaims. This bill proposes some shorter way for
arriving at the same end. We all know what
kind of delays claimants are subjected to who
come here for relief'. This bill provides that the
claimants shall make exhibits of their titles before
the board of commissioners which is to be organ-
ized under it. You arc to have an agent there to
watch the interests of the Government, If your
agent be dissatisfied with the decision of the
board, he takes an appeal to the courts, and there
the matter is definitely adjudicated.
It is said, however, that the system will be ex-
pensive. I admit that the bill will entail expense;
but the presumption is, that no appeal will be
taken unless in cases where there is good reason
to believe they were not fairly adjudicated by the
board of commissioners. But, in any event, it
would not, perhaps, cost the claimant more money
or more time to procure a decision by the courts
than he is subjected to now that he has to come
to Congress.
But the gentleman from Kentucky suggests very
significantly the question: what is to prevent the
board of commissioners from becoming a board
of land speculators?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman is
mistaken in ascribing such a sentiment to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. He said that a band of
speculators would look at the papers in the office.
Mr. MARSHALL,of Kentucky. Hereiswhat
I said: your law requires that a transcript of the
papers making the chain of title, and the evidence
on which it rests, shall be sent to the office of the
Attorney General of the United States, so that
that officer will become the depositary of the whole
mass of titles of the people of New Mexico. What
is to prevent a horde of speculators here from as-
certaining the land titles of the people of New
Mexico, and resolving themselves into a board of
speculators, to bedevil the New Mexicans out of
their land?
Mr. SANDIDGE. I thought the gentleman
had charged his suspicion on the board itself.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Oh no.
Mr. SANDIDGE. At present, the surveyor
general alone constitutes the board of commis-
sioners; and we have thought it desirable, very
desirable, to change that system, for this reason:
the people of New Mexico are not quite willing
to have their titles decided upon by one man,
who, besides adjudicating, is required to go into
the field and locate them.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Louisiana, if by the present law
it is made obligatory on the owners of lands.to
furnish to the surveyor general abstracts of their
respective titles ?
Mr. SANDIDGE. Yes, sir, that is the law
now, and this bill proposes to take from this one
man the execution of so great a trust. It is be-
cause the people of New Mexico are dissatisfied
with the system, that the committee propose to
establish a board such as has been established in
every State of the Union that was acquired from
foreign countries? We have had a number of
such boards m Louisiana, and such boards have
also been established in Missouri and Flonda.
This is not a depuiture from the rule.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
gentleman from Louisiana, what law it is to which
he refers, which requires the New Mexicans to
submit their claims to the surveyor general ?
Mr. SANDIDGE, The law of 1854, establish-
ing the office of surveyor general of New Mex-
ico.
Mr. BRANCH. I would inquire from my friend
whether, in the case he has supposed, he is of the
opinion that there is a court on this continent
which would hold that ail individual had lost his
title by icason of his failure to bring forward his
title papers ? in other words, whether he supposes
that the act of Congress to which he alludes over-
rides and is superior to the treaty which this
Government made with the Government of Mex-
ico, by which the Territory was acquired?
Mr. SANDIDGE. I can only answer the gen-
tleman in this way. Treaties are said to ht the
supreme law of the land; and yet, practically,
claims of the character alluded to by the gentle-
man from North Carolina have been sold by the
Government. The parties afterwards sought to
establish their claims before the courts, and were
thrown out of court, and then came to Congress
for some sort of indemnification; and Congress, in
all such cases, allowed them to locate tile same
amount of land elsewhere,
Mr. BRANCH. Can my friend mention any
case in which any court held that a title, other-
wise good, had been vitiated by reason of a fail-
ure to comply with an act of Congress ?
Mr. SAN13IDGE. I will not undertake to say
thaf.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am re-
ferred by the gentleman to the eighth section of
the act to establish the office of surveyor general
of New Mexico; and I submit to the gentleman
that it is a much better provision than this bill.
It is as follows:
" Sec. 8. Jhid fyc it farther enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the surveyor general, under such instructions as
maybe given by the Scetetary ol the Intenoi, to ascertain
the origin, nature, character, and extent ol" all claims to
lands under the laws, usages, and customs of Spam and
Mexico ; and, for this purpose, may issue notices, summon
witnesses, administer oathb, and do and perform all other
necessary acts in the premises. He shall make a full report
on all such claims as onginated before the cession of the
teriitory to the United States by the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, of 1818, denoting the various grades of title, with
his decision as to the validity or invalidity of each of the
same, under the law?, usages, and customs of the country
before its cession to the United States ; and shall also make
arepoitm regaidto all pueblos existing m the Territory,
showing the extent and locality of each, stating the number
of inhabitants in the said pueblos, respectively, and the na-
ture of their titles to the land. Such report to be made
according to the foim which may be presenhed by the Sec-
retaiy of the Intenoi; which report shall be laid before Con-
gress for such action thereon as may be deemed ju-st and
proper, with a view to confiiin hona fide grants, and cive
fnii effect to the treaty of J848 between the United States
and Mexico; and, until the final action of Congress on such
claims, all lands covered theieby shall be reserved from sale
or other disposal by the fJovernment, and shall not be sub-
ject to the donations granted by the previous provisions of
this act."
Now, the surveyor general has no right, under
this law, to determine a man's title. He has no
right to do anything at all except to ascertain
whether a private title overlies a particular piecc
of land; and when he ascertains that fact he re-
ports it here, and all that we do is to vouchsafe
to the proprietor of such title, that until we ascer-
tain here in Congress whether it ought to be con-
firmed or not, the Government shall not dispose
of the land Now you are instituting quite an-
other operation.
Mr. SANDIDGE. The gentleman has read
the very law that I referred to. I say this in re-
sponse to him, that I hold in my hand a bill which
originated in the other wing of the Capitol, to con-
firm a large number of claims reported in Mis-
souri, Arkansas, Florida, and Louisiana, of the
same character as the claims contemplated by this
bill. Some of them were reported in 1812. The
gentleman talks about delay. Here are claims
reported on favorably by a hoard of commission-
ersin 1812, nearly fifty years ago, and they have
ne^er yet been confirmed by Congress, and the
claimants have for all that time had no titles to
exhibit.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 would in-
quire of the gentleman whether the proprietors of
these titles have ever been ousted of their posses-
sion in the mean time ?
Mr. SANDIDGE. Yes, sir; and they would
have been ousted in every instance, if the Gov-
ernment, instead of simply reserving the land*
from sale, had gone on to sell them as they did
other lands.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to delay
the committee, and shall add but a word. This
bill proposes to effect one purpose, and one only.
It will give entire satisfaction to the people of
New Mexico, who are more willing to trust their
claims in the hands of a regular board of commis-
sioners tliun in the hands of one man, the sur-
veyor general. The Committee on Private Land
Claims believe that the claims will be sooner de-
cided, if brought before such a board, with the
right of appeal to the courts, than if the claimants
are compelled to come to Congress. That is all
I have to say.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman,
I think the bill before the House is one that ought
to pass. The interests of the Territory to which
it relates require its passage, and any gentleman
who has had experience of the evils growing out.
of the failure, not only to inaugurate, but to carry
out the policy it gives effect to in a Territory in
the situation of INew Mexico, will be fullv sensi-
ble to the necessity for the action proposed now
to be had.
Mr. Chairman, I am a citizen of Louisiana, and
I happen to be familiar with the character of the
titles that existed in the Territory of Louisiana
] at the time of us cession. These titles stood very
j much upon the same footing with the titles which
i now exist in the Territory of New Mexico. The
! necessity which exists now with leference to New
I Mexico existed with reference to Louisiana. The
i Congress of the United States failed to discharge
