1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£1
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate Si Ho. of Reps.
hundred, the former limit. This increase enabled
the Department to employ more vessels of war at
sea; but the number of marines has not been
increased, so thatguards can be provided for them.
To obviate this difficulty, under the authority of
the naval appropriation act of March 3, 1849,
you directed the employment of two hundred
landsmen as marines, in addition to the two hun-
dred authorized to be so employed by one of
your predecessors. By this arrangement the
number employed as privates in the marine corps
amounts to thirteen hundred and sixty-eight,
while the number of landsmen is thereby dimin-
ished. I would respectfully recommend, as has
been done by my predecessors, that the privates
of this corps bo increased. Two thousand men
are deemed necessary for the ordinary detail of
the service.
Wishing to give greater efficiency to this im-
portant branch of the service, I have recently di-
rected that there be furnished to the headquarters
of the corps a battery of two thirty-two-pounders
and four of Dahlgren's field guns, that the officers
and men may be instructed in their drill before
being sent to sea. They will then be able to act
as infantry, serve a division of heavy artillery on
ship-board, or the field pieces on landing.
The naval appropriation act of August 15,185G,
appropriated §96,000 for the erection and com-
pletion of marine barracks at Brooklyn, New
York, and $60,000 for the same purpose at Pen-
sacola, Florida.
The site for those at Brooklyn requiring piling
and filling in, not yet completed, proposals have
not been invited for the erection of barracks there.
Proposals for those at Pensacola were invited by
my predecessor; but as the lowest bid was be-
yond the limit of the appropriation, plans and
specifications were directed to be made for smaller
buildings, and on the 21st of September proposals
were again invited. Seventeen were received,
and those of Mahon & Gibbon for $53,847, being
the lowest, the contract was awarded to them.
The marine barracks at Boston, Philadelphia,
and Norfolk, arc represented to be contracted and
entirely unfit for use; and the commandant of the
corps recommends that provision be made to pur-
chase ground and erect suitable buildings at those
places.
I would respectfully invite your attention to
General Henderson's report for the general con-
dition of the corps.
Two appropriations, each of §20,000, have
been made for the construction and completion of
a'coal depot at Key West, in Florida. A wharf
has been built, but the foundation having partially
failed, it is deemed unsafe. A coal shed has been
commenced, but is neither covered in nor paved.
The constructing engineer reports that a similar
one, parallel to it, is needed for soft coal, that
having been designedforanthracite; tbatthesheds
will be of little use without a substantial and
permanent wharf from which vessels can receive
their supply; that the site of the present wharf
is excellent, having a depth of water of twenty-
five feet; that the construction of two railway
tracks from the whar#to the coal sheds will be
necessary; andthat to complete what, he proposes,
would require nn appropriation of $175,000, the
former appropriation having been exhausted.
In view of the admirable position of Key West
for conveniently supplying with coal the steamers
of the home squadron, I would earnestly recom-
mend that suitable provision be made, by legis-
lation, for the completion, upon a proper scale
and in an economical manner, of this important
public work.
The act of January 28, 1857, authorized the
President to purchase a site for a naval depot on
Blythe Island, in the State of Georgia, and to
erect such buildings, and to make such improve-
ments, as may be necessary to repair vessels-of-
war, and to afford them .refuge. A board of
officers, consisting of Captain Mcintosh, Com-
mander Hartstene, Lieutenant Brooke, and a civil
engineer, Mr. Calvin Brown, were directed to
examine the island and the adjacent waters. In
pursuance of their report, about one thousand
one hundred acres of the southern portion of the
island have been purchased for $130,000. The
Attorney General having certified that the title is
good, and the State of Georgia having consented
to the purchase, and thereby ceded the requisite
jurisdiction, the purchase money has been paid.
Immediate steps will be taken to prepare the site
for the purposes expressed in the act of Congress.
The war steamer building at Hoboken by the
executor of .Robert L. Stevens was first author-
ized by the act of April 14,1842. The present
contract provides that Mr. Stevens should build
the vessel on his own plan, and deliver her to the
Government for the sum of §586,717 84; and that,
after the sum of $500,000 should have been paid
on account, she should be examined by a board;
and if she could be completed for the balance of
the appropriation, then it should be paid. This
balance of $86,717 84 has been appropriated by
Congress to enable the Department promptly to
make the payment when it should be due. On
the 19th of February, 1856, a board was ap-
pointed; and, in their report of March 7,1856,
they estimate that, in addition to the sum of
$500,000 already paid, there will be required the
further sum of §812,033 68 to complete the vessel.
The balance appropriated August 16, 1856, re-
mains, therefore, in the Treasury.
Mr. Stevens and his executor have expended
upon the vessel the sum of §702,755 37. It is
now proposed by the executor that the balafice
of the contract price—that is to say, the sum of
§86,717 84—be paid to him from time to time as
an equal amount in work and materials shall
hereafter be put upon the vessel, the same being
secured to the Government by a pledge of the
whole. As the vessel is already virtually owned
by the Government, and will be of little value
unless completed, it is deemed proper to invite
attention to the inquiry whether it may not be
expedient to authorize the application ot the bal-
ance in aid of the means of the executor, and in
the mode proposed, to the accomplishment of the
work.
The Naval Academy, at Annapolis, now under
the charge of Captain Blake, the successor of
Captain Goldsborough m the administration of
this important and delicate trust, is in a flourish-
ing condition. It is to the Navy what the Mili-
tary Academy is to the Army—an institution not
merely of great utility, but of indispensable ne-
cessity, without wluch, in the present state of
science, an accomplished and efficient corps of
officers could not be secured. There are now
attached to it, for purposes of instruction, one hun-
dred and seventy-six acting midshipmen. At the
close of the last academic year fifteen graduated,
and eighty-nine have since been admitted.
The report of the last annual board of inspect-
ing officers speaks in terms of high commendation
of the discipline and police regulations of the in-
stitution; of the performance of the students in
field artillery and infUntry tactics; in the exercise
of the great guns ill battery, and in shell and shot
practice at the taiget; of the admirable acquire-
ments of the graduating class, and of the success-
ful management of the academy, now no longer
an experiment. It also proposes some measures
deserving earnest consideration, and others which
in due time ought to be carried into effect.
The joint resolution of March 3, 1857, direct-
ing the Secretary of the Navy to cause medals to
be struck and presented to Dr. Kane, his officers
and men, I have been tuiable to carry into effect,
because Congress accidentally omitted to make
an appropriation for that object.
When I entered upon my duties in this Depart-
ment I found a naval court of inquiry already
organized under the act ot January 16, 1857.
Deeming it important that the investigation di-
rected by that act should be brought to an early
conclusion, I immediately organized two addi-
tional courts. These three courts have prosecuted
their labors with great assiduity. The result in
many cases has been presented to you. As to all
those cases in which the courts have recommended
restoration to the active list, or to the service, or
a transfer from furlough to leave pay, you have
approved thojaction of the courts; and when you
shall have presented corresponding nominations
to the Senate, you will have done as to them all
which this act has committed to your discretion.
As to those cases in which the courts have recom-
mended no change, the action of the President,
whether it be that of approval or disapproval,
will not vary the result, but leave the parties in
stutu quo, as if there had been no inquiry. The
President having no power to change the state of
any person already in the Navy, except by dis-
missal, or by promotion with the .advice $na con-
sent of the Senate, or to restore any person to it
except by a new appointment, with the advice and
consent of the same body, it is obvious that little
could be done to remove or palliate the presumed
evil which it was the object of that act to remedy,
except by the prompt execution of the act itself.
Unwilling to be drawn into any allegation against
those officers who had been affected by tho action
of the retiring board, I examined the act of Con-
gress to see if any such duty had been imposed
upon me. I found that it admitted no latitude of
construction. It directed a definite inquiry. It
prescribed the exact limits of the investigation. It
left in the Department no power to enlarge, or to
restrict, or to modify. Tt directed the physical,
mental, professional, and moral fitness of the offi-
cer for the naval service to be investigated by a
court of inquiry. Accordingly the precept to the
court in every case directed that precise inquiry.
Instructions were given to the judges-advocate
in every instance where the party desired it, to
take the initiative, and to present all the evidence
which they intended to introduce before the party
should be called upon to respond to it, and then
to give him ample opportunity. They were di-
rected to consent to depositions when necessary
or convenient. They were instructed, when rea-
sonable objection should be made to any court,
to give way to it, and to interpose no obstacle to
the transfer of the case to another court, to which
there, should be no objection. These instructions
were given to insure a fair, impartial, and faithful
execution of the intentions of Congress.
The policy has been adopted of shortening the
period of the cruise in all remote seas, and sev-
eral ships have been ordered home in pursuance
of it. The necessity of the change has beenjong
felt. It will conduce to the preservation of the
health of both officers and men. Long exposed
to the enervating influences of hot climates, they
are often broken down, or their usefulness in
after life impaired. It will facilitate enlistments.
Making the service more acceptable to seamen by
more frequently returning them to their homes, it
will make them more ready to engage in it. It
will promote economy. The ships returning from
a short cruise of two years, will be ready for sea
again without being subject to those searching
repairs to which they are generally subjected
after one long absence, m view of another equally
long. It will contribute to the increased activity,
efficiency, and usefulness of the JMavy, by making
it more a school of actual experience to officeis
and seamen, and by presenting our ships more
frequently wherever there shall be American com-
merce or American citizens to be protected. These
considerations have led to the adoption of this
change, and it will probably be permanent, unless
experience shall disprove its utility.
At the same time the proportion of landsmen
and boys allotted to a national ship has been in-
creased. There is often great difficulty in obtain-
ing seamen, and still greater in obtaining Ameri-
can seamen—-the best in the world for the United
States service. The employment of landsmen
and boys contributes much to remedy the incon-
venience. They soon become trained and fit to
take the place of seamen; and instead of being
starving supernumeraries in the population of the
larger cities, they become efficient and useful
members of ati improving and valuable class,
without which neither a naval nor mercantile
marine can be sustained.
Congress having,at its last session, authorized
the building of five steam sloops, and appropri-
ated §1,000,000 towards the object, measures
have been taken for their immediate construction.
They will be built at Boston, New York, Phila-
delphia, Norfolk, and Pensacola—one at each of
those places. That at New York will be built by
contract, in the yard of Mr Jacob A. Westervelt.
The act having expressly authorized their con-
struction by contract or otherwise, it has been
deemed expedient to commit one of them wholly
to private enterprise. The objcct is to open tho
