1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
anything else, one inch beyond its teiruory. Then you can-
not, by virtue of the law of slavery, if it makes slaves prop-
erty in a State, if you please, move that propeity out of the
State. It ends whenever you pas fiom that State. You
may pass into another State that has a like law; and if you
do, you hold it by virtue of that law; but the moment you
pa s bejrond the limits of the slaveliolding States, all title to
the property called pioperty in blave?, there ends. Under
such a law slaves cannot be carried as property into the Ter-
ritories, or anywhere else beyond the States authouzing it.
ft is not property anywhere else. Ti'the Constitution of the
United States gives any other and further character than
this to slave property, let us acknowlege it fairly and end
'•II strife about it. If it does not, I a?k, in all candor, that
men on the other side shall ?ay po, arid let thu point be set-
tled. What is the point we are to inquire into? it is this:
docs the Constitution of the United States make slaves prop-
eity beyond the jurisdiction of the States authorizing slav-
< rv ? If it only acknowledges them as property within that
jurisdiction, it has not extended the property one inch beyond
the State line; but if, as the Supreme Court seems to say,
it does recognize and protect them as property further Than
frUat** limits,and more than the State laws do. then, indeed,
it becomes like other property. Tiie Supreme Court rest
this claim upon this clause of the Constitution : c No person
held to service or labor in one State under the laws thereof,
ahall, in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be
discharged from such service or labor ;"but shall be deliv-
ered up on claim of the party to whom such service or labor
may be due.' jVow the cjuestion is, does that guaranty it?
Docs that make it the same as other property? The very
fact that this clause makes piovwon on the subject of per-
sons bound to service, shows that the framers of the Con-
stitution did not regard it as othei property. It was a thing
that needed some provision; other propeity did not. The
insertion of >uch a provision shows that it was notiegaided
as other property. If a man's horse stray from Delaware
into Pennsylvania, he can go and get it. Is there any pro-
vision in the Constitution for it ? No. How came this to be
there, i f a slave is property ? If it is the same as other prop-
erty, why have any provision about it?*'
ft will undoubtedly have struck any person, in
hearing this passage read from the speech of the
Senator from Vermont, whom I regret not to see
in his seat to-day, that the whole argument, inge-
niously as it is put, rests upon this fal!acy—if I
may say so with due respect to him—that a man
cannot have titlein property wherever the law does
not give him a remedy or process for the assertion
of his title; or, in other words, his whole argu-
ment rests upon the old confusion of ideas which
considers a man's right and his remedy to be one
and the same thing. I have already shown to you,
by the passages I have cited from the opinions of
Lord Stoweli and of Judge Story, how they re-
gard this subject. They say that the slave who
goes to England, or goes to Massachusetts, from
a slave State, is still a slave, that he is still his
master's property; but that his master has lost
control over him, not by reason of the cessation
of his property, but because those States grant no
remedy to the master by which he can exercise his
control.
There are numerous illustrations upon this
point—illustrations furnished by the copy-right
laws, illustrations furnished by patent laws. Let
us take a case, one that appeals to us all. There
lives now a man in England who from time to
time sings to the enchanted ear of the civilized
world strains of such melody that the charmed
senses seem to abandon the grosser regions of
earth, and to rise to purer and serener regions
above. God has created that man a poet. His
inspiration is his; his songs are his by right
divine; they are his property, so recognized by
human law; yet here in these United States men
steal Tennyson's works and sell his property for
their profit; and this because, in spite of the vio-
lated conscience of the nation, we refuse to give
him protection for his property. Examine your
Constitution; are slaves the only species of prop-
erty there recognized as requiring peculiar pro-
tection ? Sir, the inventive genius of our brethren
of the North is a source of vast wealth to them
and vast benefit to the nation. I saw a short time
ago in one of the New York journals, that the
estimated value of a few of the patents now before
us in this Capitol for renewal, was $40,000,000.
I cannot believe that the entire capital invested in
inventions of this character in the United States
can fall short of one hundred and fifty or two
hundred million dollars. On what protection does
this vast property rest? Just upon that same con-
stitutional protection which gives a remedy to the
slave owner when his property is also found out-
side of the limits of the State in which he lives.
Without this protection, what would be the
condition of the northern inventor? Why, sir,
the Vermont inventor protected by his own law
would come to Massachusetts, and there say to
the'pirate who had stolen his property, "render
me up my property or pay me value for its use."
The Senator from Vermont would receive for an-
swer, if he were the counsel of this Vermont in-
ventor, "Sir, if you want protection for your
pioperty go to your own State; property is gov-
erned by the laws of the State within whose
jurisdiction it is found; you have no property in
your invention outside ofthe limits of your State;
you cannot go an inch beyond it." Would not
this be so ? Does not every man see at once that
the right of the inventor to his discovery, that
the right of the poet to his inspiration, depends
upon those principles of eternal justice which
God has implanted in the heart of man, and that'
wherever he cannot exercise them it is because
man, faithless to the trust that he has received
from God, denies them the protection to which
they are entitled ?
Sir, follow out the illustration which the Sen-
ator from Vermont himself has given; take his
very case of the Delaware owner of a horse rid-
ing him across the line into Pennsylvania. The
Senator says: "Now, you see that slaves are
not property like other property; if slaves were
property like other property, why have you this
special clause in your Constitution to protect a
slave? You have no clause to protect the horse,
because horses are recognized as property every-
where." Mr. President, the same fallacy lurks
at the bottom of this argument, as of all the
rest. Let Pennsylvania exercise her undoubted
jurisdiction over persons and things within her
own boundary; let her do as she has a perfect
right to do—declare that hereafter, within the
State of Pennsylvania, there shall be no property
in horses, and that no man shall maintain a suit
in her courts for the recovery of property in a
horse: and where will your horse-owner be then r
Just where the English poet is now; just where
the slaveholder and the inventor would be if the
Constitution, foreseeing a difference of opinion
in relation to rights in these subject-matters, had
not provided the remedy in relation to such prop-
ertyas mighteasily be plundered. Slaves,if you
please, are not property like other property in
this: that you can easily rob us of them; but as
to the right in them, that man has to overthrow
the whole history of the world, he has to over-
throw every treatise on jurisprudence, he has to
ignore the common sentiment of mankind, he has
to repudiate the authority of all that is consid- j
ered sacred with man, ere he can reach the con- j
elusion that the person who owns a slave, in a I
country where slavr-ry has been established for j
ages,has no other property in that slave than the j
mere title which is given by the statute law of the l
land where it is found. !
I never heard this question disputed before; I
never heard a suggestion that slaves were not ^
protected as property by the Constitution of the :
United States till I heard it from the Senator ;
from Maine here the other day. In the sixteenth I
volume of Peters's Report there is the report of a i
case which occurred between the States of Mary- j
land and Pennsylvania. It was elaborately ar- j
gued. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania sent
her attorney general into the room below to ;
affirm her right to the legislation which she had !
passed. Although the suit was in the name of j
an individual, really it was the rights of Mary- j
land that were concerned, and it was the State of •
Maryland that was interested in the decision. ;
The case is known by the title in the law books !
of Prigg versus the State of Pennsylvania. Every |
judge on the bcnchgave his decision m that case. |
Every judge on the bench concurred in the decis- J
ion. Judge Story delivered the opinion of the j
court, the other judges delivering their individual j
opinions, where they did not precisely agree 1
with the general language of the court. Amongst
those judges was Judge McLean, one of the dis-
sentient judges in the Dred Scott case. Let us
hear what he says about slaves being property
under the Constitution. I shall read a short pas-
sage, a paragraph or two only. I take this out
of his statement of his opinion at page 661, of
16th Peters. He quotes the clause of the Con-
stitution that protects us in our rights to fugitive
slaves, and he says:
"It was designed to piotect the rights of the master, and
against whom? Not agamst the State, nor the people of
the >?tate in which he but n^ainn the p-opU* 'ind
the legislative of other States, wheie the furtive
f om labor micht he found. Under the confederation, the
master has no lev- mvcino of enfoicmg his iuoiits m a slate
oppv ut\l to \ disregard of rights thus asserted,
was deeply felt In the South. It produced great excitement,
and would have led to results destructive of the Union, To
avoid this, the constitutional guarantee was essential!" •
Now, what is this guarantee.? He tells us, at
page 671 of the same volume:
' cannot perceive how any one can doubt thatthe rem-
edy given in the Constitution, if, indeed, it give any remedy
wiriiont legislation, was designed to be a ppaeefu! One1; a
remedy sanctioned by judicial authority; a remedy guarded
by the forms of law. But the inquiry js reiterated, is not*
the master entitled to his property ? I answer that he is.
His right is guarantied by the Constitution ; and the most
summary means for 113 enforcement is found in the act of
Congress. And neither the State nor its citizens can ob-
struct the prosecution of this right."
That was Judge McLean's language. When
I find language like this, even from the minority t
of the court in the Dred Scott case; when I find
the entire court, man for man, concurring thatthe
constitutional rights of the South are guarantied
in slaves as property by this clause in the Con-
stitution, I must express my intense surprise at
hearing the Senator from Maine declare that the
Dred Scott decision was not to be supported, be-
cause it rested as a corner-stone on the assumption
that slaves were recognized by the Constitution as
property, and that he denied that fact.
But, Mr. President, all these gentlemen who'
thus fail in the slightestdegree to impugn the opin-
ion of the court by argument, attempt to shake
its authority by an assertion entirely destitute of
the slightest foundation. Every Senator who has
spoken on the subject of this decision has declared
that the court said it was without jurisdiction to
determine it, and then determined it. I say that
all the judges declared that they had jurisdiction
of the merits, and determined that point before
they decided the merits; and I am prepared to
prove it. There was not a judge on the bench who
did not declare that he had jurisdiction of the
merits. There were some of the judges who de-
clared that they had jurisdiction of no other ques-
tion; and Judge McLean was one of them. He
said the question of jurisdiction was not before
them at all, and so did Judge Catron; and both
those judges said, that the court had nothing be-
fore them but the merits. Every judge said that
he had the merits before him. I will prove it.
When this decision was first published; when,
as I am sorry to say, two of the judges of that
court so far forgot the proprieties of their ju-
dicial station as to send forth a minority opinion,
to forestall the public judgment, and to produee
among the people of the country the impression
that the integrity of their judiciary was no longer
to be relied upon, and thus to subvert one of Tfhe
foundations of our Government; when those opin-
ions first, went abroad, they were seized upon by
the Republican presses through the land, and it
was said everywhere, 44 this court is usurping
power; it has no such power as that which it as-
sumes; it first says it has no jurisdiction, and then,
after declaring itself to be without power over the
subject-matter, presumes to determine it." Every
Senator 011 this side of the Chamber, who has
spoken, has repeated this. I want to nail the as-
sertion to the counter; the coin is false.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
e to male
tiie court.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand the Senator
to assert that two judges sentforth their opinions.
Did they do anything more than put their opin-
ions on file in the clerk's office, where they were
copied ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think they did; but I am
not going to enter into that now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand it is not the
fact. They simply put their opinions on iile m
the clerk's office, as was the rule of the court;
the others kept theirs back.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman is mistaken
about that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am so instructed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Thegentleman is mistaken.
The copies of those opinions were not furnished
by the clerk of the court.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They were not sent forth
by the judges, that I am aware of.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not mean to say that
the judges themselves took their opinions and
earned them to the printing officcs; but they fur-
nulled them for publication. It is idle to (Jeiiy it.
Everybody knows it.
Now, sir, I come baekto the point from which
