1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2093
the duties which they owed to the people of the
State, and Louisiana suffered for years, and suf-
fers to-day, because of the failure to do that at
once which this act proposes now to have done
with reference to New Mexico. When Louisi-
ana was ceded to the United States there was a
treaty which guarantied to its inhabitants the
possession of their property. That treaty was of
as solemn a character as the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo. Thai treaty has been again and again
expounded by your courts. And what was the
result? That rights of property within the Ter-
ritory of Louisiana were undetermined, and that
individuals whose rights had been guarantied to
them by the faith of the Government of the United
States, were liable to be disquieted day after day
and year aftei year by the operation of general
laws of the United States, relating to the lands of
the United States. Persons whose rights were
derived from the action of the prior Government,
were disturbed again and again by the interrup-
tions of the class of persons to whom the gen-
tleman from Kentucky referred as squatters, and
they were disturbed, not because of legislation of
this character, but because of the want of legis-
lauon of tins chamcter, or of the failure to carry
it into effect.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what is the character of
the titles to lands m Now Mexico? They arc di-
vided into two classes. There are perfect grants,
there are titles with respect to which the Govern-
ment has taken every necessary step, and which
have become what is known under the Spanish
law as perfect grants—lituUs in forma; those titles
arc protected by the treaty; the holdeis of them
have standing in courts of justice, because their
titles arc legal titles. But a large proportion, a
vast majority of the titles in existence in New
Mexico are, as they were in Louisiana, of an en-
tirely different kind; they are not titles that have
been completed by the final action of the Govern-
ment; there has been no perfect grant; they are
inchoate titles. Individuals are in possession of
land which they had been permitted to enter upon
by the Government; they have remained in pos-
session, and under the Government of Mexico
they were not liable to be disturbed, because, un-
der the usage of that Government, they would have
been permitted to remain there, and at a future day
the Government might complete their uties. The
very fact of their takmgpossession, with the per-
mission of the proper officer, gave them an equi-
table n<rht—a light which our iawsdu not recog-
nize, but a light of such a character that it must
be icspected under the treaty, though it has 110
standing in a couit of justice. And how is the
obligation imposed on us by the treaty to be ful-
filled?
A portion of these titles depend upon the polit-
ical action of the Government. That was had m
reference to Louisiana, and that must be had
again by Congress, if justice is to be done with
respect to New Mexico. Now, sir, persons pos-
sessed of sueh claims, having no positive evidence
of a title, such as to enable them to keep off tres-
passers, may, in the event of the passage of a
preemption law, have their lands trespassed upon, ,j
and are liable to bp dispossessed of them by the j
action of the land olTices of the Government, ;j
That occurred everyday in Louisiana. The per- ,1
feet grants needed no presentation. Tivy were
complete. The holders of them could asseit thnr |
rights before a court ofjust.ee. I>ut imperfect
titles had no standing in a court of justice; and .
initil the passage of an act of Congress provid- >
in£ for their completion—in conformity with the
usages of the Government under which they had ;
their origin—the lands embraced 111 them might ■
be sold 8R a part of the public domain. 1
Now, with respect to this Territory, Congress
has already made provision that wh-Te claims are .
filed with the suiveyor general, I he titles shall be :
examined before the lands cmbiaeed in them can
be exposed for sale. Jkit this bill goes further, j
and proudfs that the Government of the United
States Miall proceed 10 the same manner that the ,
Government of Mexico would have proceeded to
complete these titles. The bnl vests in a board of
eonimisMoneis authority to examine and decide
upon the chums piesented on equitable pnnciples
in favor of the claimants, to '.rive tnem the same
etleot as they would have received liom tin* Mex-
ican authorities. But that decision, whetner tor
or against the claim, is subject to an appeal. It, ,
however, marks out a course of action which will
terminate, so far as the United States is concerned,
all controversy in reference to a given claim within
a limited time. If the bill goes into operation,
these claims will be settled finally, and those per-
sons holding claims under an imperfect title will
know what they have to depend on. Unless some
such provision be made, these lands will lemain
in the condition in which a portion of the lands
in Louisiana remained for thirty or forty years,
subject to be encroached upon by those who see
fit to settle upon them under the preemption acts.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand the
gentleman to say that the titles under those old
Spanish grants are of two descriptions—one per-
fect and the other imperfect. Now, I ask the gen-
tleman if this boaid, which it is proposed to cre-
ate, can make perfect titles out of those which are
now imperfect?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Yes, sir. The
eleventh section of the bill provides:
" That the commission herein provided for. arid the dis-
trict and f-upioim: couitr., m deciding on the validnv 01 in-
validity of any ci.uin In ought bonne u 01 them undci ih * pio-
v! -ion-' of tins act. --hall bo irovci tied by the tn\uv of G.ud-
alnpo Hidalgo, the law of nation-:, the I iw<, uvige-*, and cus-
toms 01 ttie Government Irom which ihe chum ^ deiived.
the puncipte-- of equity, and ihe decisions of the thipu-jne
Court of tne United Staler, as !at as they are applicable."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
an imperfect title is one which is deficient in some
essential particular; and how e.an any such board
supply such deficiency so as to make it a perfect
title ?
Mr. BLAIR. The deficiency may be a mere
matter of form.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. The effect of the
bill is to give the board of commissioners authority
to proceed precisely as the Government of Mex-
ico would have proceeded under her laws and
usages. The laws and usages of Mexico were
abrogated at the time of the cession of the Terri-
tory to the United States; and the object of this
provision is to vest in this board authority to pro-
ceed in the same manner that Mexico would have
done.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Louisiana pardon me for asking another
question ? I know he is a veteran lawyer, and will
not be disturbed by an interruption, and 1 desue
to obtain his opinion. I suppose the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo perfected the titles which the
parties had prior thereto. If the laws and usages
of Mexico would have inured to peifect the title
to the holder, prior to that treaty, it of course
strengthens his possession of the title which he
could have obtained from the original Government.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. It is unneces-
sary to enter upon the discussion of that subject.
All I have intended to do was to refer to the prac-
tice of the Government under the treaty of 1603,
by which the people of Louisiana were protected
in their rights uf property. The language of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo is identically the
same. Under that provision of the treaty of 18u3,
the Supreme Court of the United States have h olden
again and again that these titles to which I refer,
as being complete titles, were protected by the
treaty, whether they were presented to the com-
missioners or not. They were valid, but that all
the other classes of titles, those impel feet titles
which may be designated as inchoate titles, re-
quinng the political action of the Government foi
their completion, would not be protected by the
treaty without the confirmation of the board of
commissioners. Now, under this article relative
to the same class of titles, the language of the
treaty is precisely the seme as that in the treaty
for the cession of Louisiana, in 1803. A board of
commissioners is authonzed to procecd, and do
that which the Mexican Government would have
done to perfect the rights which had begun to
exist in the usual manner, and mgood faith, with
the permission of the Government.
Air. REAGAN here made a remark which was
nolheaid bv the reporter.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. In the action
with respect to Louisiana, the same things was
introduced, to which the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] has lvfeuvd,
in order that there might be a demaikanon be-
tween the lands owned by private individuals and
those owned by the Government. \ ou cannot
compel those persons who have peifecl titles to
go before the commissioners for the purpose of
! reestablishing their rights; and the acts in relation
' to Louisiana were drawn up with more care ihan
; the piesynt one, and made a marked distinction
' between persons having perfect titles and those
; with imperfect titles. One class—those with per-
fect titles—were permitted to come before the
■ board of commissioners, while the other—with
I imperfect ones—were required to go there. Itwas
! an object for those holding perfect titles to go be-
! fore the commissioners and present the evidence
; of their titles, because with that evidence, the land
, was represented in the plats of survey by the sur-
: veyor general as private property, and was no
1 longer subject to beencroaehed ou. Where this
, Wtu not done, there have been instances in which
| lauds covered by complete titles have been lost to
! the original holder. And there can bo no doubt
I that under the land system of the United States,
! the interest of all claimants of lands in our newly
i acquired Territories, requires that their claims
! should be registered.
' Now, Mr. Chairman, I have said all I wish to
: say on this subject. I will only state further, as
it is within my knowledge, that within the limits
; of the State of Louisiana, owing to a failure on
the pait of the Government to comply with these
. requisitions, or to en force them, the titles, in a large
: extent of country, remained unsettled, and in con-
j sequence of it large bodies of the public land could
; nor be brought into market because of the jmpos-
| sibility of determining the lines of demarkation
1 between public and private property. Louisiana
1 suffered under the evils growing out of this state
' of things for upwards of thirty years. The settlc-
■ ment of large portions of her territory was pre-
vented duung the whole of that time, because the
publiclaiids witlun herhmits could not be brought
into market. And again, sir, her citizens, because
of the uncertainty hanging over many of their
1 titles, weie prevented from enjoying; to the fullest
extent their rights of property, for this uncer-
! tamty prevented them from making ihe impiovc-
! inents they otherwise would have made upon their
lands. If the House desires that the people of
; New Mexico should escape similar evils, the poi-
| icy 011 which this bdl is founded must be carried
, out.
| Mr. BLAIR obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mi. RITCHIE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I desire to put a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Louisiana m the case
where the titles are inchoate and the land has been
sutveyed and the patent issued by the United
States, is not the patentee under the United States
1 entitled to take possession of the land?
Mr.TAYLOii, of Louisiana. No patent issues
' until there has been action by some tribunal con-
; stituted by the Government.
Air. RITCHIE. Suppose there is an inchoate
title, and that the surveyor general goes on not
knowing the title and surveys the land, and a
patent is issupd, is not that patentee entitled to
take the land on that?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Where there
' is a title unconfirmed by the Government, it is
| always ousted by a title emanating from theUm-
! ted States.
Mr. HilYAN. What, under this bill, would be
the condition of that class of settlers whose titles
were destroyed by an invasion of the Apache In-
diana, at the time the land office at El Paso was
fired ; Texas has had occasion to legislate in be-
halfof her citizens on the northern frontier, whose
titles h td been destroyed during the invasions of
the Apaches, and who had only transcripts given
them by the priest. What, under this bill, would
be the condition of a large body of men m New
Mexico, who would have, for the reason 1 have
. stated, no title ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I have not ex-
amined the bill with all the caie that its import-
ance merits. Theie may be an omission in this
bill. But 111 Louisiana a provision was madethat
parol evidence of the particular fact of possession
should entitle the party toconfiimation. Form-
stance: 111 the Termoty of Louisiana it was dis-
covered, after long experience, that there were a
multitude of individuals who had 110 written evi-
dence of title, thev having been destroyed by fhe
or lost. The Government of the United States,
for the purpose of protecting that class of people
who we'ie in possession of the piopeity to winch
they would have had no difficulty in obtaining a
; new title from the Spanish or the French Gov-
