2094
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
May 12,
ernment, passed an act by which they authorized
the commissioners to take into consideration all
such claims, and to hear testimony showing the
fact of their having entered upon them with the
permission of the proper officer, and of having
possessed them within certain boundaries, and
authorized the commissioners to confirm those
claims. At a subsequent period, when it became
difficult, owing to the lapse of time, to prove the
concession from the Spanish officer, then another
act was passed, providing that a possession for
ten years previously should be presumptive evi-
dence of such a permission having been given.
Mr. LANE. I should like to put a question to
the gentleman and the House, and that is, what
is to become of the other territorial business, if
this debate is to continue?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I am sorry that
I have taken up the time; but the subject de-
manded some explanation.
- Mr. BLAIR. I was unfortunate in not being in
the House when the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] urged his objections to this bill.
I am not apprised of what they arc, only by what
I have heard since I came in.
It has been the settled policy of this Govern-
ment, in reference to its acquisitions, to confirm
claims of the inhabitants to their property; and
acts of Congress, similar to the one now pend-
ing before us, have passed with that end in view.
The members from Louisiana, who have just
spoken, have stated, I think, the effects of the
treaty, in reference to theirState, correctly. These
grants are undoubtedly covcred by treaty; but the
United States required that the claimants should
show (heir titles, in order that the Government
might know what has been confirmed by treaty,
and what not. I undertake to say that there are
no tith-s in the State of Missouri, at least, which
do not emanate from this Government. I say that
no concessions or grants from the Spanish Gov-
ernment would be recognized in our courts, or
have ever been recognized, which were not con-
firmed by the Government of the United States.
Gentlemen have spoken of \Vhat are called perfect
grants. In Missouri there were no perfectgrants,
with a few exceptions. The viceroyal-power on
this continent was so far distant from Missouri
while undei the sway of Spain and then of Prance,
that the forms by which perfect titles were ac-
quired could not be complied with, except m rare
instance*. I cannot, now, call to mind one of
them. The Supreme Court of the United States
has decided, in one or two instances, that these
titles must emanate from, the Government of the
United States.
Mr. QUITMAN. The gentleman is slightly
mistaken. The Supreme Court have not gone
so far as to reject all claims confirmed by treaty.
They have acknowledged the perfectnesx of those
grants recognized bytieaty. I admit that they
have construed the language of the treaty very
strictly a gainst the confirmation, as in acn.se under
the treaty of San I'defonso, Florida, where they
construed the words of the treaty (i shall be con-
firmed," as requiring some future action of Con-
gress before they could be recognized judicially.
Mr. REAGAN. I will add, as an evidence that
the action of Congress is not necessary to main-
tain perfect litles, that, under the constitution of
the late Republic of Texas, the rights of property,
and of action in the courts, was preserved to the
former inhabitants of the country, as the right of
property was reserved to the people of Louisiana
bv the treaty of 1803, and to the people of New
Mexico by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and
that those titles have been adjudicated and sus-
tained in the couits of Texas; and the decisions
of her courts sustaimngthese tides have been af-
firmed by the Supreme Coui t of the United States,
without any other legislative affirmance.
Mr. BLAfR. We had a hill before this House,
this morning to confirm the titles of the Pueblo
Indians of New Mexico—titles granted one hun-
dred and sixty-eight years ago by the Captain
General of Spam, and to lands which have he^n
occupied ever since by those Indians. What is
the necessity for that confirmation r
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. None in the
world.
Mr. BLAIR. If any flaw could be picked by
which those confirmations were made under the
eivil law, their titles would not have been perfect,
and would not have been recognized; and if not
recognized, they would have failed against any
title given by this Government.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will ask
the gentleman whether he does not know that the
right of property has been decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States to exist even in an in-
choate title; and that, though the title be inchoate,
the right of title being secured by treaty, it is made
perfect by force of the treaty?
Mr. BLAIR. I agree with the gentleman that
this Government recognizes, and is compelled to
recognize, the property guarantied under these
treaties; but the Government has a right to know
what that property is. There is a case decided
by the Supreme Court—Massey vs. Menard. The
land embraced a large deposit of iron. It was in
one of the interior counties of Missouri. There
was a grantor concession from the Spanish Gov-
ernment; the Government of the United States
sold the land, and the Spanish grantees sued for
it. The court decided that, although their title
was a good one, still, as the land was not located
specifically, that they ought to have come in and
had the land which was confirmed surveyed, or
else they could not get it. Their title failed, and
the title given by the Government held against
them. The Government, in that instance, was
compelled to make good what those grantees had
been deprived of, by granting them scrip for land
elsewhere; but the land that was valuable was,
nevertheless, taken from them. Their title went
before the court, as I have said, and it was there
decided against them, because it was not surveyed
and located. This bill is to ascertain and settle
these land claims in New Mexico.
One of the gentleman's objections is, that if
they come forward and show their titles, they
will show the weak spots in them. I would ask
whether the land system all over the world is
not open to the same objection 5 Cannot yon go
into any recorder's office in the United States
and find whether or not there is a flaw in this title,
or that, or the 011)01° Certainly you can. It is
absolutely necessary that there should be some
system, that a man may know where to find a
title, and to ascertain whether itis agood or a bad
one.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. In order
that the gentleman may meet my objection, I will
state it. My objection was this: that by this bill
you required in every case the evidence of the
party claiming to be sent to the Attorney Gen-
eral 's office at Washington. To have a recorder's
office in New Mexico, where people who wanted
to buy lands in Now Mexico might look at the
titles, is one thing; but when you require a tran-
script of every title to be made out and sent here,
that is another thing.
Mr. BLAIR. That is an objection to the details
of the bill. If the gentleman from Kentucky, or
any other gentleman, wishes to have the bill
amended, and will offer an amendment to perfect
it, ho will have my cooperation. All I want is,
that the people of New Mexico may have a title
to their lands. They will get none until their
lands have been confirmed. We recognize none
other than our own titles. There are forms which
have to be complied with beyond the treaty guar-
antees. We havetoasceitam and settle these titles.
Mr. Chairman, I know of no mischief which
could befall a people like that of an uneei tainty in
their land titles. The people in New Mexico who
have these titles are the descendants of those who
have lived there for a century; and I say that it is
a shame that, at this day, not one of them should
have a title to the land upon which he lives. There
cannot be a title there not confirmed by this Gov-
ernment; and I ask the gentlemen who are so so-
licitous about the rights of the people there, to
confine themselves to"amending the details of the
bill, and not prevent the passage of any measure
for their relief.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Chairman, I shall detain
the committee but a few moments in expressing
the views I entertain on the subject of this bill. I
agree entirely in the last remark made by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, that no greater evil can
befall any people than uncertainty as to their land
titles._ lfjthere was any uncertainty as to the land
titles in New Mexico, which this bill was calcu-
lated to remove, I should be very much inclined
to give it my support; but on looking thr-ongh the
bill I find nothing, and in the remarks which have
been made here by those who advocate the bill, I
j have heard nothing, that indicates that anybody
in New Mexico is making contests with those in
j possession of the lands.
I Mr. SANDIDGE. If the gentleman will per-
' mit me, I will say to him that I have ascertained
1 from an examination of the claims pending before
1 the Committee on Private Land Claims, that con-
tests have takon place before the surveyor gene-
ral, who at present is authorized to examine such
cases.
Mr. BRANCH, Now, here is a country that
seems to have been settled about two hundred
years. The parties whose claims were included
in the bill which passed the House this morning
had held their lands, it was stated, for one hun-
dred and sixty-eight ypars. These people have
lived in peace and quietness, and we have not
heard of these bitter contests, these pressing exi-
gencies, these dangers to their land titles, until
this bill was brought in for the establishment of
this board of commissioners. It seems to me that
the only party here which is making difficulty
with the people of New Mexico in regard to their
land titles, is the United Stales. On the one hand
are certain private claimants, and on the other
hand the United States, now the possessor, in vir-
tue of its sovereignty over that country, of all
lands not owned by individuals; and the object to
be attained by this bill, and the only object, as far
as I can perceive, is to ascertain, as far as we can,
what lands are owned by private individuals, in
order that the Government surveyors may not run
their lines over those lands, and produce confusion
and difficulty between these claimants and pur-
chasers under the Government. That is the evil
to be remedied, and chat is the only evil, so far as
I have heard in this debate, that is to be remedied
; at all.
| Well, sir, the act organizing the territorial gov-
' ernment of New Mexico provides a remedy for
i that evil. That act provides that parties claiming
i lands under grants from the Spanish Government
I may come in and prove their titles before the sur-
j veyor general, and thereupon the surveyor gen-
! eral is prohibited from having those lands sur-
, veyed and brought into market as lands belonging
i to the United States That remedy is complete,
j It covers the entire case, as far as I can see. It
; reaches every part of the evil that we are to re-
; move; and I can perceive no need of establish-
j ing this board of commissioners—an expensive
; machinery—on the pretense that we are thereby
1 quieting land titles, when wc have already pro-
vided means by which the only contestant of these
claims can be satisfied, in the act orcramzinar the
| Territory.
| Mr. SANDIDGE. With the permission of the
I gentleman, I will state that it is true, as he says,
i that such claims as are presented are noted on the
i maps made out by the surveyor general; but there
! has never been any survey of the lands in New
j Mexico, either by the authority of the Spanish
: Government, or of this Government. The lines
of these private claims are not known. Some of
■ them cover ten, twenty, and thirty square miles,
j They are referred to in the oi iginal grants, by nat-
I ural boundaries, as reaching from one mountain
top to another, or from one stream to another;
! and it is utterly impossible, until the lands have
1 been confirmed and surveyed, that any one going
| to the Territory should know what are public and
i what are private lands. This Government will
not survey these claims until they have been con-
firmed; and the consequence is that there is no
way of knowing what are Government lands and
what private lands.
Mr. BRANCH. I apprehend that the Govern-
nicnt will not survey the private lands at all. It
is no part of the business of the Government to
do it. Ali we need do is to ascertain, to the sat-
isfaction of the Government, what aie private
lands, in order that they may be left out of the pub-
hesurveys. Iundeisturid the act, which has been
repeatedly referred to this morning, to provide the
mode in which that shall be accomplished.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is a principle in this
hill that, strikes me as something new. Itis pro-
posed that we shall put these claimants to the
lands upon proof of their titles when there is no
one contesting their rights. That is against all
my notions of justice and law. Our courts all
hold that if I contest the title of an individual to
a piece of land, and bring an action of ejectment
against him, I must recover on the strength of
