2096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12.
Mr. QUITMAN. My construction of thatsec-
tion is, that it simply protects a landholder against
the United States treating his lands as public lands.
Mr. STANTON. That section makes it the
duty of every landholder in New Mexico to pre-
sent the records and other evidence of his title;
on failure to present them, the land is to be sur-
veyed and to be sold as public lands. Your pat-
ent issues to the purchaser, and the tide of the
original occupant is cut up by the roots. Now,
1 had supposed that a cardinal principle of real
estate law was, that possession was prima facie evi-
dence of title, and that no possession of real
estate can be disturbed or interfered with, or sec
aside, except on the production of superior title.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
says that possession is prima facie evidence of
title. The Government hoids such possession.
Then, if the title produced does not defeat that
prima facie evidence, the presumption is that the
land belongs to the Government. If a man is m
possession and cannot show a higher title than
that of the Government, which title will prevail ?
Mr. STANTON. That is a different proposi-
tion, and 1 will not go into it. 1 do not appre-
hend myself that there is any such possession on
the part of the Government of all the lands within
the territorial limits as comes within the principle
1 have stated. The fact that there has been a
conquest of the country and a change of the sover-
eignty does not change the principle of law appli-
cable to the case. We have merely succceded to
the sovereignty and jurisdiction of Mexico, under
which these people previously claimed. It does
 ot affect their title any more than a change of
administration in the General or State Govern-
ment—not a particle more. Every man m pos-
session of real estate, exercising acts of owner-
ship over it, claiming it as his own adversely to
the Government and to all the world, is presumed
to be the owner until a better title is shown in
somebody else. That, I take it, is the law. Now
here are parties in possession of lands in New
Mexico which they and their ancestors have held
for one or two centuries, claiming ownership
against all the world. This bill proposes that the
parties so occupying shall now be required to pro-
duce the evidence of their title, and file it with
this board of commissioners; and, on failure to
make satisfactory proof of title, the party shall
lose his land, and it shall be sold as public land,
although it may have been in the occupation of
his family for hundreds of years.
Mr. BLAIR. Have the peisons who wore in
possession of land in New Mexico, under Span-
ish law, a fee simple m the l.atuls 5
Mr. STANTON, i do not know.
Mr. iJLAIIi. Well, if they have not, have we
granted them such title ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly we have.
Mr. IjLAIR. If they have possession, and
that gives them a prescriptive right under (he civil
law m Mexico, they can prove it before the com-
missions s and get u fee-simple uric finm the Uni-
ted States; and 1 would like to know if it would
not be better for these people to have their title
fiom the United States than to go on with this
simple prescriptive title?
Mr. STANTON, 1 do not care, for the pur-
pose of my argument, by what name you call the
title of the occupant under the Spanish Govern-
ment. All I claim is, that a party who has claimed
title, and whose claim has been recogmzcd by the
Spanish Government for a time whereof the mem-
ory of man ninneth not to the contrary, shall have
his claim recognized by this Government, as the
successor of the Spanish Government.
Mr. BLAIR, it is recognized at this time.
Mr. STANTON. By tins bill he is required,
before his title is recognized, to file the proof.
Many of these title papers may have been lost.
And for whose benefit and convenience is all this
to be done r For the convenience of the United
States; that we may know our public lands. If
the United States wants to know what lands it
has a right to sell, iei it find that out at its own
expense, and not put the persons who have a per-
fect right to their lands to the expense of filing
their title papeis here.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Did we not ac-
quire New Mexico by treaty ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. What did we ac-
quire thereby?
Mr. STANTON. We acquired jurisdiction
and sovereignty over the whole people, and ac-
quired title to the unoccupied lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then we ac-
quired the fee simple of the whole Territory.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Except so far as
another provision of the treaty recognizes the right
of those who own the land in the Territory. That
is an exception to the general provisions of the
treaty which conveys to us the country. If we
are bound to recognize the right of the citizens to
the lands which they occupy, is it not, then, the
duty of the citizen to show that he comes within
the provisions of the treaty made for his benefit?
Mr. STANTON. I think not;and for this very
plain reason. 1 do not hold that in the absence
of an express grant in the treaty, the conquest of
the country and the cession of thcjurisdiction and
title would vest the title of individuals in real es-
tate in the conquering country. It only convoys
to the conqueror such title as the conquered Gov-
ernment might rightfully convey. And of what-
ever portion of the soil or territory of the con-
quered country, grants may have been made to
individuals, the individual rights of the party are
not affected by the cession of jurisdiction, and of
so much of the soil as was unoccupied.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I happen to have some
familiarity with, and my constituents happen to
have home interest in, a question somewhat sim-
ilar, and which will illustrate this. The State of
Virginia reserved, out of the cession to the State
of Ohio, the lands lying between the Little Miami
and the Scioto rivers, to satisfy land warrants.
Nearly the whole of the territory has been cov-
ered by these warrants; but still there is a resi-
duum of sixty thousand acres. It has never been
surveyed. It has been ceded by the State of Vir-
ginia to the United States, and the United States
holds the title to-day; and there is no means,ex-
cept by a survey, of ascertaining the appropriated
lands from the non-appropriated lands. Now, the
United States might just as well call upon the
landholders m that district to file their title papers,
exhibit their titles, and show their boundaries,
that the Government might know how much land
it has got to lay off and sell, as do so in the case
of New Mexico. Now, I submit to you, Mr.
Chairman, whether the people of that district
would submit to a law calling on some one hun-
dred thousand inhabitants there to exhibit, and
file here,and send to thuAttorney General'soifice,
a eluun of their title, and a description of their
boundaries, that the United States might know
how to survey the lands left >
Mr. BLAIR. Are not these titles, in that dis-
trict, of record ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly they are.
Mr. BLAIR. They can be then ascertained by
the surveyor of the Government. My position
in this matter is, that the title of every man in this
country to real estate should be of record some-
where.
Mr. STANTON. Very well, Mr. Chairman,
that is just precisely the ground on which 1 do-
si-rc to place the United States and the Now Mex-
icans A man may have a title by possession,
and the surveyor can ascertain the extent of his
possession. I ask the United States, in New Mex-
ico as elsewhere, to ascertain at their own expense,
and through their own agents, what is publicand
what is private land, and not subject the owner to
the expense and hazard and inconvenience of filing
his title.
Now I know, and every gentleman knows, who
is famihar with that description of land title which
originates in private surveys, where they are not
made by the public authorities m sections, and
quarter sections, and towns, and townships; but
where the surveyor goes into an unsurveyed coun-
try, and lays off boundaries in whatever shape
they may suit him—every man knows that when
you come to make a minute resurvey of a coun-
try so located, when you come to file descriptions,
and to plant these descriptions, you will find laps
of conflicting surveys, and strips between sur-
veys, shoe-strings, and three-cornered handker-
chiefs, and things of that sort, which create an
immense amourrt of litigation. That is the expe-
rience of everybody who knows anything about
that description of title: and wheneveryou require
these persons to exhibit, and place on plats and
records, at a single office, all their evidences of
title, you will find that you will create and bring^
to light hidden and secret defects in the titles of
parties; you will show links wanting in chains of
title, which will create litigations that the parties
might have escaped for years, and perhaps for
generations to come.
Now I protest against the principle contained
in this eighth section, which, by a single sweep-
ing clause, declares that prima facie no man has
any title there until he exhibits his title papers to
the officers of the Government.
Sir, possession is prima facie evidence of title
against the Government as well as against every-
body else; and I hold that where the officers of
the Government find a party in possession claim-
ing ownership, they should rccognize the validity
of that title until after they had made such inqui-
ries as satisfied them that th<5 title was not valid;
and then they must show the invalidity of the title
of the claimant.
1 can never support a bill of this sort with such a
provision in it. I believe that it would be a source
of endless litigation. • I know the evils resulting
from real-estate litigation. I knowthcre is no end
to them, exccpt from the statute of limitation, and
from the title vested by long possession. Hero
you cut all that off. You say that no length of
possession will avail a man anything. You make
a new beginning to all titles, and declare that there
shall be no possession that will avail the parties
anything except what shall commence after the
passage of this act.
Sir, instead of that, you ought to pass a law
declaring that all parties who have been in pos-
session twenty years, or a given length of time,
shall hold the lands they possess. The amount
that you would acquire by this bill would not be
worth the amount which it would cost the parties
and Government for litigation. I believe it is
utterly unsound in principle, and tljat it would
prove pernicious in practice, and I cannot give it
my vote.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I offer the
following amendment to the bill:
Amend the bill by inserting after the enacting clause as
follows :
Section 1. The United States of America do hereby vest
in the holder or holder* of leal estate in New Mexico, ac-
quired from tfptm or Mexico pnoi to the treaty of Gnuda-
lupe Hidalgo, all the title which would be vested m them
le-peetiveh by a patent fiom The United States of Ameuca:
Pro vide!, The holder or ho!dci-> of such claim shall exhibit
Ins claim before the di utiet cojirt of the United States in
the Temtoiy of New Mexico, and paid couit, being suided
by the treaty aforesaid, the laws ot Spain and Mexico, the
laws of Uie United States, and 'die decisions of the Supremo
Court ot the United Stales, shall decree in favor of the es-
tablishment of such claim, whether the ^ame be inchoate
oi olheiwise: And jnovided fin (her, That twenty veats'
peaceable possession undei claim of title shall by -iiud coiirt
be accepted as conclusive evidence of title, and shall en-
title the claimant or claimant5? to the deuec e-tabh-hmg
his ot then claim. But the United States do not, by author-
r',!.>sr *ur-h decree, Guaranty the title to Mich claimant or
claimants against any title >uneiior in law or equity, con-
flicting with the claim so established.
Rfc. '2. It shall bo the duty of the ele k of the district
coin t to transfer to the office of the suivevoj general ot the
United States in New Mexico an exemplified office copy
of eveiv deciec so iendeied in favor of the claimant, which
the sui voyni ireneial shall ier-ord m his office; and the same,
shall be sufficient teason foi lnm to abstain horn surveying
such claim as public land.
Sfcc. 0. In the event of a ricci-ion by the court against
the claimant, he sba'i be eiitnled to an appeal to the circuit
and Supreme Coait* of the Timed States, the decision of
which Supreme Court shall be final.
I believe that thatamendment embraces all that
we ought to do. I believe that it carries out the
treaty, and invests these people with titles to their
property. It establishes the rule, which bais an
action of ejectment in our courts, that we will
take twenty years' possession as evidence of the
perfection of an inchoate title; and it refers to
the decisions of the Supreme Court as the basi.q
upon which the district court in New Mexico can
establish the titles. What more do gentlemen
want?
Mr. BLAIR. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will simply say that I see no difference what-
ever between his substitute and the bill which I
reported, with the exception that it substitutes
the circuit couit for a board of commissioners;
and if the bill were not a report from a committee
—if it had been introduced on my own motion—
I would willingly accept his substitute. It does
everything that I want done. It covers every
point in the bill, with the exception which I havo
mentioned. It is precisely the bill over again, ex-
cept that it substitutes the circuit court for the
