1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 11.
prove it; but it is no remedy for that, that we
shall admit you as aState into this family of States,
under a constitution formed by one party in the
Territory. We cannot do that. Yousaythatif
the territorial law is carried out, a constitution
wilWe formed by the other party alone. Come
now, we will do justice to both sides; we will pass
a law by which all shall be protected, Free-Soilers
and Democrats, by the strong arm of the Federal
Government, by which you shall be free all to
vote, free all to exercise this vaunted popular sov-
ereignty, free all to make manifest to the nation
that great majority of which you boast." The
Senator from Georgia elaborated a bill for the
purpose with the greatest possible care; and every
possible safeguard that human ingenuity could
throw around the rights of these people to protect
them from invasion, was there employed. Every
Senator on this side suggested amendments, and
when the bill finally passed the Senate, it extort-
ed from the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] the admission that it was fair, that it was
unexceptionable; " give us that, and we are con-
tent."
Now, what occurred? In the progress of the
debate upon that bill the leaders of this Repub-
lican party in the Territory informed their ad-
vocates here, in both branches of Congress, that
that would not suit them; that it would put a stop
to violence; that it would put a stop to uproar and
confusion; and that thus the Black Republican
candidate for the Presidency would be in a very
lean minority, as the injured form of " bleeding
Kansas" could not be presented to the eyes of the
people during the impending canvass. So, sir,
after the Democratic party—being in a majority
in this Hall—had passed the bill to do justice to
these men, and sent it to the other House, they,
who now stand up for the outraged rights of these
down-trodden people, defeated the bill; them-
selves prevented the protection which they now
say it was our duty to give; and then tell us here
to-day that it would be a monstrous outrage to
admit Kansas into the Union with the consti-
tution which the people formed under their own
legislation. Both modes were before them; the
Territorial Legislature was proceeding to pass en-
actments which were to result in the formation
of a constitution for the new State, and the Re-
publican party—the Free-Soil party—was implor-
ing us for help. We told them, "choose now
between the territorial legislation, and take your
own chances at the polls; or take the full, strong,
firm, protection of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, which is now tendered you." They
refused the latter. They said they would have
Topeka or nothing; and having taken that choice,
nothing, with my consent, shall they have. To-
peka ! Topeka! that miserable rabble of insur-
gents; a miserable raking together of men, the
very scum of the large northern cities, seeking
naught but violence and bloodshed; presuming to
set up their populace law, their will, against the
Government of this country; presuming to come
and dictate to the Congress of the United States,
" you shall do this or we will fight; yon shall give
us this Topeka constitution, or there shall be blood
shed !" Miserable, miserable, indeed, would be
our dereliction from duty; despicable, indeed,
would fall the Congress of the United States if it
grounded arms and bowed m submission to the
insurgent violence of these traitors. Every law
that lias been passed for their protection has been
scorned by them. Every attempt to give them
full and adequate maintenance of their rights, has
been repudiated. Now, again, the attempt is made
to make us do what they please, to sacrifice all
rights to their threats of violence, ana we are ags in
told, upon this floor, where a cheap display of
valor is made, that they will be cowards if they
do not fight for their rights; and some Senators
even insinuate an intention of going to help them.
Mr. President, the day of that fight will never
come, and the vaunt coats nothing.
The territorial legislation has gone into effect in
the absence of congressional legislation, which
they refused. All the forms of law, which gen-
tlemen around me so deride, but which I respect,
have been observed, and the last and sole ques-
tion that remains for us, is, shall Kansas stiil be
" bleeding Kansas'" shall she stiil continue to dis-
play her wrongs and to cry aloud to the people
of the land during another presidential canvass?
or shall that noise b  hushed forever? That is
the sole question, sir. The object is to keep up
the excitement for another canvass. We say to
these men, you shall not do it. Their object is
to keep the people of this country constantly in-
flamed and excited. They shall not succeed in it.
And now, now the great wrong and outrage that
is to be done to this community is to admit her as
aState into the Confederacy! Great heavens,
they are crying all around us, " what an outrage,
what an outrage 1" The history of the world has
never seen anything like this.
This outrage, this horrible wrong, consists in
admitting them into the Union! That is all, all.
Who is to organize this State government? Who
is to administer it? Who will have supreme
power over it, uncontrolled by congressional in-
tervention, uncontrolled by the Federal bayonet?
The people of Kansas; none but the people of
Kansas. What a foul wrong it is to give them
sole control of their own affairs! The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] would have us be-
lieve that this is an abandonment of the prin-
ciple of popular sovereignty. Mr. President, it
is its very essence; it is carrying out its true in-
tent and meaning. Let any man here tell me what
higher, what more exalted example can be afforded
of the right of a people to govern its own institu-
tions, than that which is given by the people of
a sovereign State of this Confederacy. That is
the right we now want to bestow upon Kansas.
That is the legitimate fruit of the Kansas bill.
That is the act now before us. For that actl will
vote.
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. WADE addressed
the Chair. ["Adjourn." "Goon."]
The VICE PRESIDENT recognized Mr.
Chandler.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator from Michi-
gan yield me the floor?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWN. Senators ought to recollect that j
the Senator from Michigan is about to make his :
first speech in the Senate, and it is not usual to ;
force a Senator to proceed at this late hour of the |
day; I move therefore that the Senate adjourn. [
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It seems to me |
strange that Senators should undertake to act thus. ;
Mr. BROWN. I insist upon rny motion. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call for the |
yeas and nays. I do not think it right that the
Senate should now adjourn. We are too close to
the time of taking the final vote to adjourn thus
early.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes- .
scmlen, Fitch, Foot, Harlan, Houston, Seward, Simmons, !
Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson—90.
NAYS — Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Big s, Bi;ler, Clay,
Green, Gwln, Hammond, Hunter, Johnson ot Arkansas,
Jolm.-on of Tennessee, Jones, Polk, l'ugli, Sebastian, 311-
dell, Thomson or' W\v Jersey, Wiight, and Yuiee—19.
And thereupon the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 11, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. L. D. Finckel.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
313, to provide for the organization of a regiment
of mounted volunteers for the defense of the fron-
tier of Texas, and to authorize the President to
call into the service of the United States four
additional regiments of volunteers; on which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] was entitled
to the floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. IIickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, a bill (H. R. No. 307) to appropri-
ate money to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations forpaper, m-mting, binding,and engraving,
ordered by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Thirty-Third _ and Thirty-Fourth
Congresses, and which has been executed.
RESOLUTIONS OF TEXAS.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to introduce for ref-
erence only two sets of resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Texas.
Mr. STANTON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. REAGAN presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of Texas relating to Indians west
of the Pecos river; which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Texas, asking the establishment of a military post
and relating to Indians in Texas; referred in part
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and in part
to the Comrr)ittee on Indian Affairs.
BILL TO RAISE VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, as a member
of the Committee on Military Affairs, it is, per-
haps, my duty to state to the House my reasons
for opposing the propositions of both the major-
ity and minority of that committee. If the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] referred
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bcf-
pinton] and myself, when he said that the prop-
osition of the majority of the committee received
votes in the committee which it will not receive
in the House, I have only to say in reply that he
is entirely mistaken. If he will take the trouble
to turn to the minutes of the committee, he will
find our names recorded, with his own, against
the bill reported by the chairman of the commit-
tee from the majority. It is true that we voted
for volunteers in preference to regulars, but we
also voted against any increase whatever.
Mr. FAULKNER. That is precisely what I
stated. I said that you would be found opposed
to both bills; that although you voted for the bill
proposed by the chairman in committee, you
would oppose it here.
Mr. STANTON. I voted against the volun-
teer proposition in the committee; against report-
ing the bill; and my record here will be precisely
what it was in committee. Can the gentleman
from Virginia say as much ?
I desire to say in the outset that, if it is the
pleasure of Congress to make any addition to the
present military force of the country, I have a
very strong and decided preference for the plan
reported by the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Quitman] from the majority, over that reported
by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner]
from the minority of the committee.
In the first place, if it can be claimed that any
increase of the military force of the country is re-
quired, it can only arise out of the disturbances
in Utah, which I think it may be safely assumed
may be settled in a single campaign; and hence
the increase should only be temporary.
In the next place, regular troops who enlist
permanently in the service as a refuge from starv-
ation, will consist mainly of the refuse popula-
tion of your cities and large towns, who have no
knowledge of border life or border warfare, and
will therefore bo peculiarly unfit for the service
which will be required of them. On the other
hand, if volunteers are called into the service,
they will be taken mainly from the border States,
accustomed to border life and border warfare, and
therefore peculiarly fitted for that kind of service.
But there is a still stronger reason for my pref-
erence of the proposition of the chairman of the
committee. By his bill, the volunteers are to be
raised and officered according to the laws of the
States from which they come. It gives the Pres-
ident the appointment of no officer, from a colonel
to a corporal. By the proposition of the gentle-
man from Virginia, the officers are all to be ap-
pointed by the President, and will amount to about
one hundred and eighty-five in number. I am at
all times opposed to any increase of Executive pat-
! ronage. I am especially opposed to it at this time,
because I have no confidence in the President,and
believe that any patronage we may confer upon
him will be prostituted to base and unworthy pur-
poses. I may add that the bill reported by the
majority has been well considered by the com-
mittee, and will be found well adapted to the ob-
ject which it proposes to accomplish.
But I am opposed to any increase of the mili-
tary force of the country, either permanent or
temporary, because I do not believe the exigen-
cies of the service require it. The power to
"raise and support armies" is vested in Congress.
Congress, therefore, is responsible, not only for
the unnecessary expenditure which will be re-
quired for the support of the increased force, but
for the improper and unauthorized use which may
