1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
35th Cong,...1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate &. IIo. of Reps.
possible notice, from remote points, to overawe
or suppress Indian outbreaks. The temper and
spirit of the Indians are entirely unknown to the
War Department, except through communica-
tions from the Department of the Interior, which,
of course, would never be made, except when
forces are deemed necessary for the public safety.
The system of defense proposed through the
double line of posts, herein recommended, would,
I think, in a very great measure, neutralize this
evil.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The surveys heretofore ordered by Congress
to ascertain the best route for the construction
of a railroad from the western boundary of our
States lying west of the Mississippi to the Pacific,
have been carefully made, and the results elabo-
rately set forth in eight large volumes. In the
opinion of competent judges, there is now no
controversy as to the most eligible route for the
railroad, assuming that all the material facts in
the case have been fully ascertained. The route
from El Paso to the Colorado, besides being the
shortest of all yet surveyed, possesses very de-
cided advantages over others in several important
particulars. The grades are lower, the climate
milder, and the distance across the desert region,
common to all the routes, is less upon this.
Water, too, is sufficiently abundant upon the
tract of this survey; so that in selecting a railroad
route between the Pacific and the valley of the
Mississippi, as far as our present information
goes, that by El Paso would be chosen; but the
consummation of this project, freed from all other
d i faculties, would require immense sums of money
and a great length of time. Meanwhile, other
military roads very urgently require special and
prompt opening and occupation. If the railroad
were, to-day, completed from El Paso to the line
of California, a strong and urgent necessity would
still remain for maintaining and keeping open at
least two of the other routes, for the passage of
emigrants and the transportation of military stores
to vast regions of our country accessible only by
these routes. Then, as these routes arc to be
opened in any event, true policy and economy
would seem to indicate that it should be done at
once.
A line of stockade posts upon two of these
routes would not require a very large force to
maintain them, and, if placed at proper distances
apart, would furnish certain means of a safe and
rapid transportation of the mails and perfect pro-
tection to a telegraphic line from one ocean to the
other, which latter object would, in itself, be
worth far more to the country than the cost of
the posts, and the expense of maintaining them.
EXPLORATIONS AND SURVEYS.
There is no appropriation of equal amount, in
charge of this Department, that is productive of
more real and substantial benefit to the public
service than that for military explorations and
surveys. At this time we are actually ignorant
of {he geography and general character of large
tracts of country lying between the valley of the
Mississippi and the Pacific ocean. Every day is
adding new and important facts to our present
stores of knowledge upon this subject. And,
much as has been accomplished witliin the last
few years, it is hazarding but little to say that
we have only begun to acquire what it is so useful
for us to understand thoroughly.
Two expeditions have been fitted out expressly .
to explore tracts of country hitherto wholly un- j
known. The first was sent to the northwest, J
beyond the waters of the Upper Missouri, to- ■
wards the "Black Hills," and will, no doubt, !
bring valuable information. The other is en- I
ga^ed in exploring the Colorado of the West, of ;
which, to this time, nothing seaicely has been \
accurately known. I am not without strong hope i
that this exploration will result in discovering j
the best means by which the transportation of !
aimy storescan beeffccted to the interior of New i
Alexico and Utah. * \
But for the assistance rendered these explora- i
tions by the troops detailed for the purpose, the j
appropriations would prove wholly inadequate j
for any material results. j
I transmit herewith the report of the Bureau ;
of Explorations and Surveys, for more detailed
information of the expeditions fitted out for these
purposes, and of the progress made in the experi-
ment of artesian wells.
MILITARY ROADS.
The military roads heretofore in charge of this
Department are progressing satisfactorily, under
the superintendence of the officers having them
in charge.
Amongst them is one from Fort Dcfiance to
the mouth of the Mojave river, which deserves
special notice from tlie plan adopted for its con-
struction. The appropriation for this work was
only §50,000, whilst the length of the road was
about five hundred and fifty miles. I directed
Edward F. Bcale, Esq., to whom I intrusted the
construction of this road, to pass over and survey
the route throughout the entire length, to lay out
the road and make it passable for wagons at all
difficult places.
With this party I sent thirty-five camels of
those recently imported under the direction of my
predecessor. Tins was intended as an experi-
ment to test the efficiency of those animals as
beasts of burden and transportation through the
barren and difficult country of the great mountain
range separating the Mississippi valley from the
Pacific ocean. From the recent reports received,
from Mr. Beale, it would appear that the camels
are likely to answer fully the high expectations
entertained of them for military purposes by the
honorable Secretary who introduced them into
the country.
ARTESIAN WELLS.
Nothing worthy of special note has occurred
since the last report upon the subject of artesian
wells. I think there is not much doubt of the
feasibility of procuring abundant supplies of good
water by this means, and the benefits resulting
, from a successful prosecution of this enterprise
are too palpable to require any illustration. For
military purposes, these wells arc altogether in-
dispensable. The desert .country, impassable
now for want of water by any considerable mil-
itary force, will, upon completion of the system
of wells, be easily traversed from Fort Fillmore
to Albuquerque, and from Fort Union to Santa
Fe. The work is still under the direction of Cap-
tain Pope, who has hitherto had it in charge.
MILITARY RESERVES.
Several military reservations, heretofore estab-
lished for the occupation of troops upon the Indian
frontier, having become useless for any military
purposes, and calculated to retard the settlement
of the country, have been sold under a law passed
at the last session of Congress. With the ex-
ception of the reserve at Fort Ripley, the prices
offered for these lands were satisfactory. The
bids for the lands of the latter reservation being
considered too iow, thcsalc was set aside, and
the property retained.
MILITARY ASYLUMS.
Under a law of the last Congress directing the
sale of the western military asylum at Harrods-
burg, Kentucky, an effort was made to consum-
mate it, but without clFect. After due and exten-
sive advertisement of the day of sale, and upon the
assembling of bidders, the property was offered
at public outcry, but the highest sum offered was
considered by the agent for the sale so inadequate
that the property was withdrawn.
The asylum in this District is, to a limited ex-
tent, answering the purposes for which it was
established. It furnishes a quiet and abundant
home for the invalid soldiers who are admitted
to it.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY.
The importance to the public service of estab-
lishing a national foundery has been so often
brought to the attention of Congress by my pred-
ecessors, that nothing but a conviction of its
great consequence to the public and private in-
terests of the whole country encourages me to
mention it again. *
A well-managed national foundery would very
speedily develop and establish facts which would
add immensely to our national wealth. It is
scarcely to be credited that, with the infinite vari-
ety of iron ores and their boundless extent in the
United States, we should not have yet discovered
a mine capable of making the very best gun, or5
if such be discovered, that there are no means by
which the public service can be benefited by it;
but such is the fact.
A national foundery would serve as a great lab-
oratory at which the qualities and value of metals
throughout the whole Confederacy would be
tested and fixed. Every variety of iron, with its
especial adaptation to particular uses, would, in
a few years, be familiarly known to the country,
and individual enterprise would be saved in ex-
periments many times the amount which the works
would cost, whilst a great national branch of in-
dustry might, by this means, rcceivo a legitimate
and efficient encouragement.
There is but little doubt that many American
iron ores are equal at least to those of Norway,
and yet the national armories are driven by ne-
cessity to purchase from abroad the Norwegian
iron for the manufacture of small arms. Choos-
ing to have the best quality of arms, we must go
abroad for the best quality of iron. A national
foundery would soon teach to improve the manu-
facture of iron, and we would be saved the mor-
tification of bringing iron from abroad, and the
money, too, we have to pay for it.
The cost of heavy guns would presently be di-
minished, and their quality would be, undoubt-
edly, very materially improved.
It therefore appears to me that every consider-
ation of sound policy and economy demands the
establishment of a national foundery, which I
accordingly respectfully recommend.
ORDNANCE.
The report of the Chief of Ordnance will ex-
plain in detail the condition of that most import-
ant branch of the public service. Its general
operations have, in the main, been satisfactory.
The manufacture of small arms at the two na-
tional armories continues with very much the
same results as heretofore. The arms fabricated
aie of the most superior quality, although it is
more than questionable whether the rifled or
grooved musket is any improvement whatever
upon the musket of the pattern adopted in 1842
for the use of infantry in the field.
The valuable property at Baton Rouge belong-
ing to the Government is being greatly injured
by reason of the decayed condition of the wooden
inclosure, which was constructed many years
since. It is, therefore, advisable that some pro-
vision be made for building a substantial iron
fencc, and thereby preserving the buildings and
grounds, which are now subject to serious dam-
age and constant depredation.
I would also advise that, for the purpose of
still further improving the grounds, authority be
given to purchase a jut of land near the principal
building, and to soil a piece of land at the ex-
treme end of the property, of little value for Gov-
ernment purposes. For these objects a small
appropriation will be required.
As a school of practice for the artillery is es-
tablished at Fort Monroe, which is much needed
by the service, it is very desirable that one or
two small tracts of land in the immediate vicinity
of the post, and dircctly affected by the target
firing, should belong to the Government; there-
fore .authority ought to be given to purchase this
land, and thus remove all obstructions to the
satisfactory establishment of the school at this
important post.
THE NATIONAL DEFENSES.
The report of the Chief Engineer will inform
you of the character and condition of our sea-
coast defenses. It will be seen that these works
are gradually, but certainly, advancing towards
completion, and, when finished, will constitute
a system of maritime defenses formidable in ex-
tent, and of great magnitude.
New York, the great heart of commerce on
this continent, where more and greater interests
concentrate than at any point on our Atlantic
coast, may be considered as impregnable from
any attack from the sea when the fortifications
now in progress shall be finished. The fortifi-
cations will be better, the guns heavier and more
numerous than those of Sebasiopol.
