1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2099
with his remarks, a few facts in regard to this
matter ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I had no op-
portunity to make any statement of facts before
the committee, as the Senator himself is aware.
I did not know that any gentlemen on the com-
mittee, other than the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Green] and the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] had any doubt as to the propriety
and necessity of this bill. If I had known that
there was a necessity for a further explanation to
the Senator from Illinois, I should have given it
to him. I will state now to the Senate what is
the exact condition of the case.
When Arkansas was organized as a State in
1836, the whole State was made one judicial dis-
trict. There was then annexed to that judicial
district all the Indian-country west of that State,
being a region of country more than one and a
half times as la>*ge as the State of Arkansas itself,
for the enforcement of the intercourse laws of the
United States with all the various tribes of In-
dians. In 1848, upon the matter being presented
here by the late Senator Ashley, upon a bill which
had been previously passed in the House of Rep- 1
resentatives, it was considered necessary, from
considerations of humanity, that a court for the
trial of offenses within the Indian country should
be established upon the border, within reach,
where people charged with the commission of
offenses m the Indian territory could be brought
to be tried, and where, when in prison, they could
secure their witnesses attheir trial, and have some
hope, at least, of obtaining relief justly when it
was within their power; and where there also
should be some hope that the United States, with-
out very great cost, should be able to obtain their
witnesses for the prosecution.
Under these circumstances, an Indian court, in
point of fact, was created; that is, a court for the
trial of offenses in the Indian country. It was
styled the western district of the State of Arkan-
sas; but it was not a district of the State of Ar-
kansas, properly speaking, for there were but
five counties of the whole State included in it,
and those five counties were taken, and the court
located within them, immediately upon the. bor-
der of the Indian country, for the purpose simply
of giving the court a locality, and a point at which
it could get jurors and public officers to reside.
That act has continued in force for ten years,
and the court has been held twice a year. A pros-
ecuting attorney exists for that district; a marshal
existsfor that district; a clerk, of course, exists
for that district. The entire court is in exist-
ence for that district, but no additional judge was
deemed ncccsary at that time, for the reason that
the duties of the judge of the eastern district were
not heavy, and it was supposed that he could hold
all these courts. The facts in regard to the east-
ern, as well as in regard to the western court, now
show the necessity of having a judge for each dis-
trict. The Supreme Court judges of the United
States never, in any instance, go to that country
and hold the circuit court, and have not done for
many years. The judge of the eastern district,
therefore, piesides in the circuit court as well as
the district court. The circuit court in Arkansas,
up to the present time, has held but one term a
year. Those gen'lemen here who are lawyers,
and are accustomed to the practice of the courts,
aie aware that a great amount of jurisdiction ex-
ists in the circuit court which does not exist in a
distiict court. The business has increased m that
court, and it has been kept back from increasing
as rapidly as it otherwise would, from the fact
that the court itself could not, under the present
law, render relief within any proper time, for the
leason that but one term can be held in a year.
The public business there demands that there
should be two terms of the circuit court in the
eastern district in each year. It amounts to a
denial of justice to the people of every other State
in the United States, who may have claims or
debts to collect, or causes that would carry them
into the United States courts in Arkansas, to say
to them, " You shall go into a court where, if
from any cause, light or trivial, there is a contin-
uance granted, th.u continuance shall be for one
en tn c year." Public justice imperatively requites
that a second term of the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States should be held within that district.
That being so. there can be no question, I take
it, that Congress will grant two terms cf the cir-
cuit court of the United States to be held within
that State. That will increase the duties of the
district judge. As I said, in the absence of any
Supreme Court judge, for they never go there in
fact, he holds the circuit court. Now, he is to
hold four terms a year; two terms of the circuit
court, and two of the district court in the eastern
district. If, to that duty, you add two more terms,
to be held at the distance of one hundred and fifty
miles, embracing all the Indian business of a re-
gion of country one and a half times as large as
the State of Arkansas, you require him to hold
six terms a year. Such a burden would be too
heavy, and he could not possibly do justice to it.
Under these circumstances, when asking for an-
other term of the circuit court of the United States
in the eastern district of Arkansas, thus throwing
additional burdens on the judge, and requiringad-
ditional time to perform his duty, it became neces-
sary that the Indian district court should be taken
off from him. Hence this bill provides that, for
the two terms there to be held, and the circuit court
jurisdiction which is granted by the act creating
that western district, there shall be an additional
judge. These are the facts of the case.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to ask my friend from Ar-
kansas a question. We understood m committee
that there were already a marshal and attorney
in each district, so that there would be no addi-
tional officers of that class. Is that the fact?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is the
fact. I would also call attention to the circum-
stance, that the Departments, in the annual mes-
sage and documents before us, have recommended
that a district Indian court shall be created; in
other words, that the court now held in the west-
ern district of Arkansas shall be transferred to the
interior of the Indian country. I shall be com-
pelled, from considerations of public duty, to op-
pose that proposition, because there can be no
jurors inside of that territory but Indians, and
a white man has no chance before them. That is
one reason; and there are several other reasons
why it will not do to puta court inside of the In-
dian country, beyond the reach of impartial and
intelligent, jurors. This is the Indian court, and
as the burden is on the eastern judicial district,
where there are four terms a year, two of the
circuit court, and two of the district court of the
United States, the Senate of the United States, I
trust, will perceive at once that it is not reason-
able to expect that so much service shall be ren-
dered by one single judge. If there be other ques-
tions which the Senator from Illinois desires to
understand, I shall be very glad to answer him.
I saw from his first remarks that he supposed it
would be necessary to create an entire set of new
officers. That is not so, I assure him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had forgotten, if I had ;
ever been aware of the fact, that there were already j
existing a district attorney and a marshal in the j
western district of Arkansas; but that circum- j
stance does not change the reasons which I have j
for opposing this bill. I have no hostility to the «
creation of this particular judgeship more than i
any other. I am opposed upon general principles I
to that species of legislation which, in my judg- j
ment, has a tendency to draw within the vortex j
of the Federal Government business and powers
which the men who made the Government in-
tended should remain with the States. Now, the
United States courts are swallowing up the whole
litigation of the countiy; they are diawing within
their vortex business which there is no particular
reason for bringing within their jurisdiction—
business which could be transacted just as well
before the State courts; and by multiplying the
United States courts and by establishing them at
points convenient to every part of a State, yon
bring a great deal of business into those courts
which legitimately does not belong to them.
The intention of the Constitution was to pro-
vide courts where suitors could obtain justice
without any prejudice against them because they
were residents of another State in the Union. It
was apprehended that there might be a partiality
in favor of the citizens of the State where the cause
of action arose, when the controversy was be-
tween them and the citizens of some other State •
and to provide a«amst that class of ca«v«s ehirily,
these courts were established, as also to decide
questions arising under the laws and Constitution
of the United States, But I apprehend that much
the largest amount of the business which gets into
those courts, and which is swelling their juris-
diction so unreasonably that now the judges of
the Supreme Court of the United States have been
compelled to abandon their circuit duties, and
which has swelled the docket to such an extent
that it takes years to obtain a decision in that
court, is in cases between citizens where there is
no peculiar reason for resorting to the Federal
jurisdiction, and where citizens would not resort
to it except that it becomes more convenient, and
enables them to get a judgment quicker than they
can in the State courts.
I know how it is in the State of Illinois. When-
ever a non-resident has a claim against a citizen
there, if he can get a judgment quicker in the Uni-
ted States court than he can in the State courts,
he will resort to that tribunal. By multiplying
the terms of that court, having it held frequently
and at different points in a State, you afford that
opportunity; and the result is, that the collection
business of the country is thrown into the United
States court, not by reason of any prejudice ex-
isting which would prevent a non-resident from
obtaining a judgment in a State court, but because
he can get a judgment more speedily in the Fed-
eral tribunal. This was not the intention in the
formation of the Constitution of the United States.
We have at this time pending before Congress
many applications for dividing judicial districts;
this is not the only one. Numerous applications
have been made to divide judicial districts, ap-
point new judges, marshals, and district attor-
neys. There is such an application from Indiana;
there is one from Iowa, one from Texas, and I
do not know how many more. I am opposed to
the whole of them; and I wish to present a fact
or two to the Senate, if I can get its attention, in
regard to this case in Arkansas.
The House of Representatives adopted a reso-
lution at the last Congress, requiring the Secre-
tary of the Interior to ascertain from the clerks
of the United States courts in the different States,
thcamount of business before them; and in a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior
transmitted to the House of Representatives on
the 23th of February, 1858, in answer to that res-
olution, we have that statement. I find in it the
amount of business in Arkansas, in one of the
districts; there is no report from the other. In the
State of Arkansas the whole number of cases on
the docket, on the 1st day of January, 1856, in the
eastern district was forty-nine. Now, how many
do you suppose were added during the whole year
185G ? Ten, and ten only. The eastern district
court of Arkansas had but ten cases brought in it
during the year 1856, as is shown by this official
report. From the western district of Arkansas
there are no returns; I cannot state how many
cases there were there.
Now the Senator tells us that the judge is re-
quired to hold four terms in the eastern district,
and he makes up the four terms by speaking of
two terms of the circuit, and two terms of the dis-
trict court. We all understand, sir, that the cir-
cuit and district courts are held by the same per-
son, and the district and circuit court meet at the
same time. I do not mean at the same instant;
but the same judge holds those courts, and sitting
upon the bench he will one hour call the docket
of the district court, and the next hour he will lay
aside that docket and call the docket of the circuit
court. It is really but one court.
Mr. FOSTER.. He tells the crier to adjourn
the district court, and open the circuit court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They do not even go
through that formality in my State. They do not
go through the formality of having the crier to cry
that the district court has adjourned. The judge
just lays aside one docket and takes up the other,
and goes on with circuit business or district busi-
ness as suits him, so that really there are no four
terms; there are but two terms a year.
Now, 1 ask the Senate where this course of
things is to stop. I ask State-rights Senators,
gentlemen who are in favor of preserving the
lights of the States, and opposed to a great con-
solidated central government, that shall swallow
up ail the powers of the States and the rights of
th* citizens, and bring them all within its control,
are they prepared to vote a new judge to a State,
in regard to which, it appears, that in one of its
districts there were but ten cases to be tried du-
ring the whole of the last year leported ? Is there
