1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
-sent members to come in, and to secure a full
House on the vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 89, nays 129; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
BarksdaIe,*Bocock,Bonliam, Bowie. Bryan, Burnett, Oss-
icle, John ii. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clmgman, Cobb, John
Crtdhrane, Coming, James Craig, Barton Craige, Crawiord,
Corrv Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dimmick,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence,
Gaitrell, Giliis, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Hatch, Haw-
kins, Hopkins, Houston, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins,George
W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Jacob M.
Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Ma-
son, Miles, Millson, Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips,
.Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Reillv, Ruffin, Russell,
Scales,.Scott, Searing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter,
Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stall-
worth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot,
Miles Taylor, Tiippe, Underwood, Ward, Warren, Wat-
kins, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augus-
tus R. Wright, and John V. Wright—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Andrews, Bennett, Bd-
lmgljurst, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Boyee, Brayton,
Buffinton, Burlingame, Burroughs, Campbell, Caruthers,
Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Cockerill, Colfax,
Coinins, Covode, Cox, Cragm, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd. Durfee, English, Farns-
worth, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Giddmgs, Gilman, Gilmer,
Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Thomas L. Hams, Haskin, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Horton,
Howard, Hughes, Kellogg, Kelscy, Kilgore, Knapp, John
C. Kunkel, Lawrence, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy,McKibbin
Nichols, Olin, J>aluiei,Paikcr, Pendleton, Pettit, Pike, Pot-
ter, Pottle, Purviance, Ricaud, Undue, Robbms, Robeits,
Koyce, Savage, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman. Judson W.
Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William Stew-
art, Tappan. Thayer, Thouip-on, Tompkins, Wade, Wnl-
hridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadnaladei Washburn, El-
lihu B. Washbuine, Israel Waslibuui, Wibon, Wood, and
Zollicoffer— 129.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the vote,
Mr. EDIE stated that he had paired off on all
questions, till Monday at twelve o 'clock, with the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Moore.]
The question then recurred upon the appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. This matter
involves a very important question of parliament-
ary lav,', upon which I should like to consult the
books. I move that this question be postponed
till to-morrow at one o'clock, p. m.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have no sort
of objection to the motion of the gentleman^from
Kentucky, if,as I suggested yesterday, the House
•will allow the majority of the committee to make j
their report. Then set down the. consideration of j
the subject for to-morrow, or any day the gentle- |
man from Illinois [Mr. Harris] pleases, when |
the subject will legitimately come up; and it may
be recommitted to the committee, or the commit-
tee may be discharged from its consideration.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman from
Georgia is willing that, this question shall be post-
poned until to-morrow, provided the report which
lie says he offered to present yesterday shall be
allowed to come before the House.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
Is this motion of the gentleman from Kentucky
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is debatable to a limited
extent.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Has the gentleman
from Indiana the right to take the floorYrom me ?
That gentleman is prolific in questions of older.
I say the gentleman from Georgia is willing this
question shall be postponed until to-morrow, pro-
vided the House will give its unanimous consent
to the reception of the report which lie yesterday
asked to leave to make. So far as the propiiety
of having that report go with the proposition
which I make is concerned, I shall not object to
it. It then comes in as a part of the minutes and
proceedings of the committee, which I proposed
to read to the House. I think it may very prop-
erly be embodied as a part of the minutes and
proceedings of that committee.
Mr. SEWARD. What is before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky to postpone.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I find that report
published in the Union of this morning. By what
authority that was done I shall not now under-
take to discuss. It is a most singular proceeding
that this report should have thus gone before the
country without the authority of the House, and
in contravention of the rule of the House. It is
in keeping with the whole proceeding on this
question. But, sir, the report, as published and
printed here, I believe is the same as that read to
the committee and adopted by them. I have no
objection whatever to its being embodied in the
minutes of the proceedings of the committee, as I
now desire to present them, and have the whole
printed by the House, and postponed until some
given day for consideration. But, sir, I am not
willing to accede to the proposition of the gentle-
man that his report shall be received as the report
of the committee for the action of the House, when
I stand here as the representative of six other col-
leagues on that committee, who unite with me in
declaring that the committee, in their action, have
not executed the order of the House. We deny
that a report can properly emanate from that com-
mittee until it has executed the functions which
were imposed upon it by the House. I am unwil-
ling, therefore, and I will not consent, that their
report shall come before the House as the report of
the committee. I am, however, willing, as I have
said, that the report which was read to the com-
mittee and adopted by them shall go into the
minutes of the proceedings of the committee and
be printed with them, so that the House may see
and judge to what extent the committee has exe-
cuted the order under which it was raised. The
gentleman from Georgia, by that means, will ac-
complish his purpose of getting his report printed,
which he desired yesterday to have done.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Illinois is not discussing the
question of postponement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes the gen-
tleman from Illinois will confine his remarks to
the question of postponement.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am peculiarly un-
fortunate in being interrupted. When the gen-
tleman from Georgia rose to submit his report,
which had nothing to do with the question of
privilege which I had presented, there was no
objection, no interruption of points of order; but
when I attempt to speak in reply, I am inter-
rupted at least three times in four minutes. It is
still m keeping with the whole proceedings, from
the beginmng'to the end of the Kansas question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman from Illinois is hardly in-or-
der. The gentleman from Georgia has the right
to submit a point of order.
Mr. SEWAIID. If this whole question is to
be opened to debate on both sides, I withdraw
all objection.
The SPEAKER. On the motion to postpone,
a genera! discussion of the question is not m or-
de'r. The Chair hopes that gentlemen will con-
fine themselves to the question of postponement.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will endeavor to
confine myself to the question of postponement.
The gentleman from Georgia stated that he did
not object to the postponement proposed, pro-
vided he should have an opportunity of present-
ing his report. I have endeavored to confine my
remarks to the question of the propriety of his
presenting that report as the report of the com-
mittee. 1 will say again that 1 presume there is
no gentleman in the House who will object to
having that report go as a part of the minutes of
the proceedings of the committee. Let it be
printed, and go before the country.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The effect of
the proposition of the gentleman from Illinois is
just this: to deny to the majority of a committee,
appointed by this House in pursuance of its own
resolution, to make this report, and to give to a
minority of the committee that right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
must confine himself strictly to the question of
postponement.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am confining
myself strictly to a reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois were objected to as not in order.
The Chair feels it to bo his duty to insist that gen-
tlemen must confine their remarks to the question
under consideration.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I believe all
objection was waived. But, sir, I do not wish to
detain the House, and will confine myself strictly
to the merits of the motion pending. The object
of the gentleman from Illinois "s, that the report
of the majority shall never be brought before the
House. He says he will allow me to put it upon
the minutes.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will allow me a minute: he says it is my object
that the report of the majority shall never come
before the House. I deny that such is my pur-
pose. I said this: that if the House shall determ-
ine, from the records which I propose to place
before it, that the committee has executed the
order of the House, then I shall not object at all
to the report being made.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is a ques-
tion which the House can judge of when their
own committee have made their report. That is
what I said just now; and what I said yesterday.
According to parliamentary law, a majority of
& committee constituted by the House certainly
have the right, in due time and order, to present
their views in response to the instructions of the
House. I am, therefore, willing to pursue that
course. Let the majority make their report, and
if, in the opinion of the House, the majority have
failed to execute the order of the House, let the
report be recommitted, or the committee dis-
charged, or the committee enlarged. Let gentle-
men then take such course as they please.
But, as I stated and I must repeat, as I under-
stand the motion of the gentleman, it raises this
extraordinary question of privilege—the privilege
of a minority of a committee to come into the
House, and to say that the majority have not dis-
charged their duty. Ransack parliamentary law,
from the beginning of the British Parliament, and
the like of it cannot be found. No such motion,
no such precedent, I venture to say, from the
foundation of the British Parliament, can be found
either in England or in.this country.
I cannot discuss the merits of this matter under
this motion; but I was anxious yesterday, and 5
repeat it now, that the majority of the committee
should be permitted, by general consent of the
House—as was the case last Congress with the
Kansas investigating committee, and as is usual
in all such cases—that they may presenttheir re-
port, and then the question will come up. Let us
make our report; let the question then be post-
poned until to-morrow, or the next day, or any
other day the gentleman may desire, ana then the
whole question wilt be before the House as to
whether the committee have discharged their duty
or not.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to correct
the statement of the gentleman from Georgia.
The report of the Kansas investigating committee
was presented, and strenuously objected to upon
the other side of the House; and it was only ad-
mitted as a question of privilege as affecting the
right of a Delegate to a seat upon this floor. The
objection was strenuous, and the report was only
admitted after a vote on the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I recollect very
well that the report was received, and that there
was an understanding that the minority should
have ten days to prepare and present a minority
report; and that then themajority and minority re-
ports should go together and be printed. I have
nothing further to say.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman from
Georgia, in reply to remarks made by me, has
undertaken to denounce the proposition which 1
introduced this morning as one unheard ofin par-
liamentary proceedings; that you might ransack
the whole parliamentary law and find no prece-
dent for it. I think the gentleman will find him-
self mistaken, when he comes fo examine this
question; and if there were not a particle of law
upon the question, a common-sense view of the
matter would make a law for the occasion. I
think the gentleman will find law sufficient to jus-
tify any member of the committee, or any member
of the House, on any occasion, whenever he sees
fit, to rise in his place and bring to the knowledge
of the House that its order upon any subject
whatever has not been obeyed. If the question
is postponed until to-morrow, 1 will present the
law on this point, which I think will satisfy the
House.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois how it is possible for this House to hear
from the committee until they receive the report?
It seems to me that the gentleman from Georgia
is perfectly right, and that the House cannot
move in the matter in order, until they have re-
