2100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
any necessity for it ? If this precedent is set, and
if ten cases are as much as a judge can attend to
in a year, the State of Illinois will want forty
judges. The judge of the northern district of Illi-
nois holds court neajly the whole year ? We had
areportfrom that district last year, I think, show-
ing that the judge held court some three hundred
days in the year. This statement before me
shows the number of cases. I have not before
looked to see how many there were, but I see
now at a glance that seven hundred and fifty-four
cases were added to the docket during the year
1856, in the northern district of Illinois. In the
district of Arkansas there were ten.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. How many
terms of the court are held in each year in that
Slate ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not prepared to say,
probably more than two regularly. I do not re-
collect, but the court is in session by adjourn-
ments nearly the whole year. There is a great
deal of admiralty business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Where does it
sit ?
Mr.TRUMBULL. It sits at Chicago, and was
in session, I think, something like three hundred
days last year. We had a statement, I know, in
regard to it. I may not speak with entire accu-
racy, but I think it was three hundred days. You
see from the number of cases, seven hundred and
fifty-four, put on the docket during the last year,
that there is a great deal of business for the judge
in northern Illinois to do.
Now, sir, I do not think there is any necessity
for another United States judge in the State of
Arkansas, so far as any documents before us
show, and tins is but the beginning. It is already
said they have a district attorney and marshal.
True, but there is now an application pending be-
fore Congress for a jail for the western district of
Arkansas. I am for putting a stop to this species
of legislation; and it must be an urgent case, so
far as lam concerned, that will induce me to vote
one dollar to build court-houses and build custom-
houses and cieate Fudeial offices where they are
not actually needed by the wants of the country.
If wc mean to prevent this monstrous expendi-
ture of money oy the Federal Government, and
this monstrous accumulation of power in the
hands of the Federal Executive, we must stop
this class of legislation; and I think here is a good
place to begin, and this is a good time.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I concur in a
good deal of what has been said by the Senator
from Illinois—indeed almost all of it; but he makes
a wrong application of the principle. While I
was a member of the Judiciary Committee, these
questions came up, and I think the committee very
generally concurred with him in the views he ex-
pressed to-day, and all these applications were j
rejected but this one; and this was made excep-
tional for a particular reason. The western judi-
cial district of Arkansas has jurisdiction over those
vast regions where the Choctaws, Chickasaws,
and other Indians live, west of the Mississippi
river. All violations of intercourse laws; all other
violation of'law in the Indian country, are brought
to this point to be tried, and therefore it is much
more a territorial court than a State court; and
while the committee rejected every similar appli-
cation made at this session, they made this case
an exception because it was not local. That very
reason was given, that here was a vast extent of
jurisdiction, extending over a country running to
the Itocky Mountains, applying to persons going
there and committing crimes, violating the inter-
course laws, or guilty of" any other offenses against
the United States; and that this court was simply
held in Arkansas, and was not for the use of the
citizens of Arkansas, in any sense-whatever. That
is the reason why, as a member of the committee
I supported it, and I believe on that principle the
committee agreed it was an exception.
Therefore, ail the argument of the Senator on
the general principle is out of place here, though
exceedingly appropriate and justin regard to other
propositions. I agree m every bit of his argument
exceptits application to this case. The jurisdic-
tion of the Supreme Court of the United States is
very great and increasing, and it ought to be dimin-
ished. Their jurisdiction in admiralty is out-
rageous. Their jurisdiction in bringing in corpo-
rators of different States under the pretext that
thev are within the rule, is outrageous, and it
ought to be arrested. The system ought to.be ar-
rested by which, where controversies are really
between citizens of the same State, claims are trans-
ferred to a person living out of the State merely to
give jurisdiction to the Federal courts. That is
the proper subject for the Judiciary Committee
to consider in reporting general legislation. It
was brought before the committee while I had the
honor of being a member, and a bill was ordered
to be prepared for the purpose of removing these
very evils. Unless these various heads of juris-
diction are restrained and limited, the district
courts will break down, the circuit courts will
break down, and the Supreme Court here will
break down. They have stretched out their arms
and embraced within their jurisdiction questions
properly belonging to the State courts, and which
they are totally incompetent to discharge. You
talk of relieving the court below. You may
leave it as Eneas said the gates of hell were, al-
ways open, and it never could discharge its busi-
ness; it is impossible. This subject is attracting
the attention of the Committee on the Judiciary,
who have come to a conclusion thereon, and I
have no doubt will report a remedy for this great
and crying evil.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Georgia stated exactly the reason that influenced
the members of the Committee on the Judiciary
who were in favor of making an exception as to
creating this new judge.* Two districts exist in
Arkansas. There is a peculiar jurisdiction con-
nected with the Indian country which we sup-
posed would be more properly exercised by a
judge for that particular district. That is the gen-
eral basis on which we went. We were satisfied
that it was right it should be established. The
district is already organized. There will be no
additional expense except the salary of the judge.
We do not propose to give any additional* juris-
diction to the Federal courts, or to increase their
oxisting jurisdiction in one atom.
I am as little disposed as.the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois to increase the jurisdiction of
the Federal courts, though I think that, to the
extentto which the Constitution intended it should
go, it ought to be carried, and no further. I am
equally satisfied that the whole judicial system of
the United States requires reorganization; but
whether we shall be aole to agree sufficiently in
opinion to reorganize it until the system becomes
even more complicated in its details, and the evils
of the present system become more apparent, I
am doubtful. 1 am satisfied, however, that in
this particular case the recommendation of the
committee is in accordance with what is right,
owing to the peculiar character of the functions
performed by the judge of the western district of
Arkansas I have but little reliance on the mode
of statement resorted to by the Senator from Illi-
nois, who, to show what are the dutiesof a judge,
gives an abstract taken from a report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior. The mere number of
causes may show nothing of judicial labor. If
they are collection causes they may be disposed of
in a single day. The judicial courts of the Uni-
ted States arc, in the general, organized—except
for admiralty and maritime jurisdiction—not for
the purposes of the people of the State in which
they exist, but they are organized under the Con-
stitution to give an option to the people of the
other States to seek the Federal tribunals for the
adjudication of questions existing between them
and the people of a State in which the suit is
brought, if they see fit to do so. It was not the
intent that they should interfere with, or should
draw jurisdiction as between, the citizens of a
State from the State judiciary. But in the par-
ticular case before us, as it is all Indian country,
of necessity the judge in the western district must
administer that species of justice between the peo-
ple resident there, and it is more in the character
of a territorial court.
The honorable Senator from Illinois has brought
into this debate also the application for a jail.
What has that to do with the merits of this prop-
osition? The committee have reported on that
subject, I believe the opinion of the committee
was against any act of that kind, and the Senator
had the authority of the committee to report ad-
versely on that proposition. It has no connection
with the propriety of appointing a judge there.
Whether we shall build jails or not, there or else-
where. is a totally distinct question. Nor docs it
at all follow, from establishing a separate judge
for a peculiar character of jurisdiction, that we
shall therefore build a jail.
In reference to the paper alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, 1 will say that the true.measure
of the business of a court will be found far more
in its jury trials and in the length of its sessions.
' These are far better evidence of the time occupied
by the judge, and the labors of the court, than
the mere enumeration of the number of suits
brought, which, to my mind, amounts to very
little. It fluctuates in different years. Suits may
oftentimes be frivolous in themselves. They may
be mere collection suits arising out of a com-
mercial crisis, or other causes, in a particular year;
but they afford no true indication of what may
be the general business of the court, the occupa-
tion of the judge, or the length of time necessary
to enable him to perform hisjudicial duties. Some
consideration also must be paid to the extent of
area of the State, and the peculiar jurisdiction
which the judge has to exercise in this case as
regards the Indian country.
For these general reasons the committee made
this an exception. In all the other cases in which
applications have been made for a subdivision, so
general was the opinion of the committee that
Federal jurisdiction had gone far enough in the
crcation both of Federal offices and judicial dis-
tricts, that I am under the instruction of the com-
mittee, in all these cases, about to make adverse
reports, and shall do so before the session closes.
I am in hopes that this bill will pass. It is founded
on the fact that there is adistiict of a peculiar
character, and that there should be an allotment
of a judge to that district because he has peculiar
duties to perform.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There are sev-
eral points in the remarks of the Senator from Il-
linois, to which I should like to reply. They can
be easily explained and replied to; but I see that
the hour for the special order is so close that I
may not get action on the bill if I say anything,
and therefore I shall waive it, in view of the rep-
iesentations made by Senators from the Judiciary
Committee, and I hope we may have a vote on
the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have an amendment that
I desire to offer. It is to insert as an additional
section:
*flnd be it farther enactcd< That in any suit at law or m
equity for the recovery of any debt or demand arising upon
contract, express or implied, prosecuted in any distnet or
circuit court of the United States, unless the amount recov
ered shall exceed the sum of $2,000, the plaintiff in said suit
shall not recover any fees, costs, or disbursements of any
nature whatever, nor any fees or cost& m the execution of
any mesne or final process.
I should like to have this matter lie over until
to-morrow morning.
Mr. HUNTER. The hour for the considera-
tion of the special order has arrived.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This-is the hour
set apart for the consideration of the special order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator himself call up this bill, if it goes over ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes , sir; to-morrow morn-
ing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I shall
consent, that it go over.
The bill was postponed until to-morrow.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all the
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1859.
Mr. CLAY. I have hitherto yielded to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance upon such
motions; but now, as we have approached the
close of the question on the fishing bounties, I
trust the Senate will consider it this morning, and
give us a vote.
Mr. HUNTER. If I had any assurance that
the vote could be taken at once, I would waive
my motion; but T have no hope that it will be
taken at once, and I feel it to be my duty to sub-
mit my motion. The Senate will decide whether
I to go on with the appropriation bill or not.
j Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
i on this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask whether the question
cannot be divided, so as to take the vote first on
postponing? because, if the prior orders be post-
