1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2108
country. I was not one of those who fixed the
day of adjournment in June. I voted against it.
I was voted down; and having been voted down,
what else can I do but press the necessary appro-
priation bills with all proper dispatch ? Let it be
taken up; and, if the Senator says time enough is
not given for considering1 these bills which appro-
priate so much money, does he not perceive that
the best way to obtain that time is to take them
up at once and devote whatever time is neces-
sary? The longer we postpone it, the less time
we shall have to consider these expenditures.
There is every reason, therefore, it seems to me,
for taking up this matter for consideration.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on the motion of Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Doolitfle,
Douglas, Durkee, Fessentlen, Hamlin, Ilailan, Johnson of
Tennessee, Jones, King, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen,Bayard, Benjamin, Biglei, Blight,
Cameron, Clark, Clay, Ohngman, Collamer, Crittenden,
Davis,Dixon, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Green,Gvvin. Hammond,
Houston, Hunter, I verson, Johnson of Arkansas, Mallory,
Mason, Pearee, Polk, Pugh, Rice. Sebar-tian, Shields, Gli-
ded, Thompson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and Yti-
le e—35. /
So the motion was not agreed to. %/
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 201)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1859.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance was in page 8, after line one
hundred and sixty-five, to add the following:
Botanic Garden.
For procuring manure, tools, fuel, renans, pniehasing
trees and shrubs, foi botanic garden, t<> he expended under
the direction of the Lihiary Committee of Oongiess, >>"2,300.
For pay of horticulturist and as-i^tant* in the botanic
garden and green-houses, to he expended under the direc-
tion of the Libtaiy Committee of Congiesss, 51).
For rpglazing and impairing dinmgo-? to the gieen-houses
by the hail storm, of June, 1857. *1.044 16.
The amendment was agreed to. #
The next amendment was in page 10, after line
two hundred and twenty-one, to add:
To enable the Secietaiy of State to carry into effect the
act entitled, "An act for the admission of the State of Kan-
sas into the Union," ^lO.OOO.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a mistake. I am au-
thorized by the committee to move §5,000, instead
of $10,000.
Mr. COLLAMER. I prefer that that change
shall not take place. I think the amount ought
to stand at $10,000. I think the chairman should
give some reason for the change. I understand
that the sum of $10,000, to carry through the
election in Kansas, is asked by the Secretary of
State. Why should we not vote what he consid-
ers is necessary? Is it pretended that you shall
cut it down, so that you shall not have money
enough to carry out the election?
Mr. HUNTER. I will explain. The estimate
was for §510,000, but the Committee on Finance
thought £5,000 would be enough, and they cut
it down one half on that supposition.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the only effect will
be that the Secretary of State will have a good
excuse for not carrying out the election at all, on
the ground that he has"not money enough. Give
him what he wants.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought that we should
have pleased the Senator from Vermontby cutting
down the appropriation.
Mr. BRIGHT. Perhaps it is proper I should
stats that I asked the Secretary of Stare if he had
any data on which to make an estimate for this
anticipated service. He said ho had not, and
thought it a little conjectural, and after making the
ailculation he thought #8,000 would be sufficient.
1 voted in committee to make it $5,0UU, but 1 see
no ohj^rtion to reinstating; the original estimate
of $](j,U00. I suge^t to the chairman that it
would be better to put it at that.
Mr. HUNTER. If that is the sense of the
Senate I will withdraw my amendment and leave
it at ^10,000. If it is not wanted, it will not be
expended.
Air. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Do I under-
stand the chapman of the Finance Committee to
say that they have no data at all by which to es-
timate the amount wanted m the Lull?
Mr. HUNTER. There is a conjectural esti-
mate from the State Department. On what data
the Secretary of State made it, I am not able to
stiy. It was that amount which he supposed
would be necessary to carry out the act. Of course
it has to be a matter of discretion. They cannot
estimate with certainty and precision.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then it is
mere supposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I differ from my friend
from Vermont on this point. I remember the in-
formation we had from th^Secretary of State, and
it was mere guess work. There was no compu-
tation about it at ail. It was a general opinion,
just such as anybody could form precisely as well
as the Secretary of State. He guessed $10,000;
the majority of the committee guessed $5,000; and
therefore put it at §5,000. That is the simple fact
about it. Jf a majority of the Senate think it will
take $10,000, so be it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to add to the items
for the general purposes of the Southeast Execu-
tive budding, the following:
And the authoritv conferred upon the principal clerk of
public lands, of Acting Commissioner ad interim, in the ab-
sence, and so forth, of the Commissioner, by the second
section of the act rcorganiztnsrthe Geneial Land Olhee. ap-
pioved tfie-fth of July, I83J. >iiall be. and me same neieiiy
is, tiansferrcd to the chiefcleikot said General Land Olfiee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to add the following
items, in page 17, amongst those for the contin-
gent expenses of the Department of the Interior:
Foi the preservation of the collections oi the exploun^
expedition^ of die Government, § 1,^00.
For the tianoer to, ami new ,u iaugment of tho&e collec-
tions in, the Smithsonian Institution, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert amongst the
same items the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Inteiioi to pay rlie super-
intendent of the building occupied 1>> said Secretary and ins
Department, from the Nt day of Jannaiy, 18"), to the 30th
day of Juno. 1$>9, the allowance to be made to -meh super-
intendent, with his s-alaiyas cleik. not to excecd two thou-
sand dollar per annum, the s>um of $"<00.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the items
for the same Department, on page 19, the follow-
ing:
For cleik hue, office rent, fuel, an-! h_rhts at the ?eveial
district land othees of the land Suti'> and Tei rito« io«s, to be
apportioned m such manner as, in the judgment of the
Secietaiy of the Intetioi. the puMic interest mav requite,
$50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, in page 31,
the following'
Territory of Minnesota.
For defraying the expenses incurred m taking the census
of tli'"" T'-ni't'.iv of .Minnesota, under the act appioved 26ih
February. .^OO.tKiO: Piowled^ The compensation to
the office!s takmu the same >hall not exceed that allowed by
the. acts of *2Ud May, and 30th August. iP50, to thrwe
who took the census in California, Oregon, Utah, and New
Mexico.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert among the ji
items for the office of the Attorney General, the ■
following: ,'j
For services of special conn-el, and other extraordinary
expenses, ni defending the itrleoi the United States to pub- ;j
lie pu-peiiy 111 California, $10,000. ji
I Fot thn"cniplojment of Mich ntirnbei of clerks, not ex- ,i
j coedins three, by the di-ti i< t attorney of the nortnesn dw- i
I tnet of'Cahfoii'M. as may lv neee«-ary to nan-cube the
j iecoid-N of the difttuot oouit, in land easo^, upon which up- ;i
I prids have been 01 mav be taken to the Supreme Court, '!
' -ueh sum as may be nece-'aiy is heiebj nppiopiuted, pio- ,
1 \ided the compensation ^linll not e.vcced one hundred ai.d j1
1 fiitv dollars n montli for each. .
! Foi the lea-onabie cxpi.n«f« of iho late and pie^nt dij- ;;
■ tuet iiltotnevs for the noithern di-tnet of Caiuonna, for
! a-i-tancc in tin ir otliee. «wh >um is to he pan! out ot the j
] judicial fund, if such e\[><>n-'^ s-liaH he appioved b\ the At- 1!
1 toui''\ Ceuoi,".!- Providtd. That tho-p e\peiw-v thai! not
■I evceed thtee huiidn-d dolhu- per month- •And piovuhd |
further. That thi  onpi'ipimnon shall he applicable oulv to !:
the pto-onf fi-eal j ear. and the nevt fiicceeauig fiscal year, :
wlncli wiii terminate on the 30th day of June, 1^59. I
The amendment was agreed to. |
The next amendment was to increase the ap- '
propriation for the support and maintenance of ,
the penitentiary of the District of Columbia from ;
*5,511 Xo to $7,920, and to add the following: !
For compensation of two additional guards, hereby au- j
thotizrd. $1,320. j
The amendment was agreed to. 1
The next amendment was a substitute for the
second section on page 3G. The section was in
these words:
" Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted. Thai no part of the
amount appropriated by anv act of Congie^s fur tlm servic(
of any one fiscal year&hall be used for or applied to the ser
vice of any other year, noi be transferred to or used for anj
bianch of expendrtuie than that tor which it may be spe-
cifically appropriated: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall apply to appropriations for tiie present or next
fiscal year."
It is proposed by the amendment to strike out
all after the word " that," and insert:
Hereaftei, the estimates for the various Executive Depart-
ments sfiatf de«i'nnate not only the amount required to be
appropnated for the next fiscal year, but al>o the amount
of the outstanding appropriation, if there bo any, which will
probably be required to be used foi each particular item of
expenditure.
Mr. HALE. I hope that section will not be
stricken out. 1 think it is one of the greatest
measures of reform that has ever been proposed
by the House of Representatives; and if we mean
to preserve our control over the Treasury, and
discharge our constitutional duties, we ought to
retain it. I simply ask for the yeas and nays on
striking it out.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. This section proposes to
change the mode of keeping accounts and using
the public moneys, which has hereto-fore been
practiced throughout the whole history of the
Government. The part which seems to commend
itself to the approbation of the Senator from New
Hampshire is, that it puts an end to transfers en-
tirely. Well, now, this system of transfers has
always been found necessary. It is limited by
law, the transfers which can be made are speci-
fied by existing statutes, and there are a great
many laws on that subject to which it can hardly
be necessary now to refer. Those laws have been
passed as experience has suggested them; but the
effect of abolishing the power of transfer would
be this: we should only have to increase the sum
appropriated specifically under each particular
head; we should have to appropriate not only
enough, but something more in order to piovide
against contingencies, or else we should hold out
a temptation to still larger deficiency bills than
are now presented to us. The cheek which is
designed, and which is afforded in the present
system of accounts, is that an appropriation lasts
but two years; after that it has to be balanced up,
and the balance goes to the surplus fund; it can
no more be used. An additional check is, that
these expenditures have to be repoited annually
to Congress; and if members of Congress were to
examine them particularly, year by year, as they
arc published, it would be a sufficient check; but
unfortunately this is not always done; perhaps it
is hardly practicable with the engagements they
have. ^Theie was one othpr protection wilich
suggested itself to the Committee 011 Finance, in
order to complete this chain of responsibility, and
to make it, as it seemed to us, perfect, and that is
to require the Secretaries, when they send 111 their
estimates, not only to estimate for the amount of
new appropriation which they want for each par-
ticular item, but also to show the outstanding ap-
propriation which they propose to devote to that
purpose.
When that is done, it seems to me we have all
the responsibility we can require. We know an-
nually the receipts and expenditures; we know-
annually what is proposed to be appropriated, not
only in'new appropriations, but what is proposed
to be used out of the outstanding and existing
appropriations; and for the rest, for the facility
and convenience of the Departments, we allow the
approptiations to be used for two years, requiring
them to be balanced at the end of two years, and
to pass to the surplus fund. Now, I think ex-
perience has shown that this system works well.
I believe that if we were to alter it, it would lead
to a great deal of inconvenience; and for that rea-
son the Finance Committee thought it was better
to strike it out, and substitute this provision re-
quiring a different form of estimate.
Mr.'HALE. If the Senate concludes to adopt
this reform—for I cannot call it anything but re-
form—of the House of Representatives, I will tell
you what the effect will be. It will compel the
Administration in making their esumates to be a
little more specific. It is little more than a joke
to call our appropriations specific, for they gather
together m one general clause a hundred objects.
