•2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
as dissimilar as the races of mpn, and appropriate j
a sum in gross for that, taking millions, and leav- j
ing it to the discretion of the Administration to I
distribute it as they see proper. Then, in addi-
tion to that, a general power of transfer from
one head of appropriation to another is allowed;
and we have no sort of control over the expendi-
tures. For instance, the Postmaster General will
ask for §100,000 for mail-bags perhaps, and not
buy a mail-bag -, but he will go and spend that
money in establishing a new Tine in some State
or Territory, or giving some additional mail facil-
ities, or something of that kind- I only give that
as an illustration.
Now, sir, some gentlemen here are very learned
in regard to all the kingdoms of the earth. I do
not know what the practice is in the British Gov-
ernment, but 1 am told that they do not have this
power of transfer. One thing I do know, because
I have looked at their estimates frequently in this
connection; their estimates are vastly more spe-
cific than ours arc. When the British Adminis-
tration come to the Commons for money, they
put in one column what they want for a very
minute purpose and in a parallel column, they
give precisely the pounds, shillings, and pence
which they spent for that identical object the year
before, so that the expenses cannot grow up with-
out the Commons knowing something about them.
We have nothing of that sort here. Our appro-
priations are loose and indefinite to such a degree
that it is a false name to call them specific. They
are general and gross, and then the power of
Uansfer on the top of that, virtually takes away
all our discretion, especially when we have re-
tained what I consider to be a very vicious fea-
ture of legislation, and that is the power in the
Quartermaster General and the Secretary of the
Navy, while Congress are in session, to pledge
our credit for ten millions or any number of mil-
lions without asking us. The Constitution says
no money shall be taken from the Ticasury but
by appropriation we make. We sit still and let
the Administration pledge ourcrcdit to an indefi-
nite amount. We have allowed that; and then with
these general appropriations and the power of
transfer, we might as well give up at once and
pass a general act that the Administration may
help themselves at their pleasure out of the Treas-
ury and come here next year and tell us how they
have spent it if they please to do so, and if they
do not, they need not.
I would rather do that than to keep up the
forms of the Constitution, the pretense of guard-
ing the Treasury, the pretense of specific appro-
priations, when our appropriations are general, in-
definite, and with a poWer of transfer, and a power
to the Cabinet to run us in debt to any amount.
If we mean to take into our hands that trust which
the Constitution imposes on us, we must make the
appropriations specific. We must annihilate this
poworof transfer, or else our control is buta name.
1 hope the Senate will not on this bill, which ap-
propriately, and by the universal custom of the
Government, comes to us as an original bill from
the House of Representatives, put themselves in
opposition to the other House, who are the legit-
imate guardians of the Treasury, upon this great
measure, which is so necessary for the full dis-
charge of their duties as guardians of the public
Treasury.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I wish the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire would pointout where-
in the appropriations we make for the support of
the Government are so general and vague as he t
declares them to be. 1 think if you will examine
the bills you will find that our appropriations are
about as specific as it is possible to make them.
In regard to transfers he seems to think that there
is a general power to transfer from one object of
appropriation to another. That is not so. The
law has prohibited transfers from the service of
the G-overnment in one branch to the service of ■
the Government m another branch, except m cer-
tain specified cases. I recollect that us fate as 1852
we made provisions on that subject. There aie
aboutthirty laws on the subject scattered through-
out the whole book of our statutes, and in 1852 we ;
made two provisions in regard to it; the first in j
reference to the Navy; ;
" Ail acts or parts of acts, authorizing the President ofthe
United States or the Secretary of the pioper Department'
under his dnection, to transfer any portion of the moneys ;
hereby appropriated for a particular branch of expenditure !
in that Depaiunent, to be applied to another branch of ex- i
penditure in the same Department, be and the same are
hereby, so far asielates to the Navy Department, repealed."
That is in the naval appropriation bill. Then
we come to the Army appropriation bill, and we
find that the power of transfer there has been re-
pealed except in specified instances, for which, I
think, ample reasons were given, and which have
been already reproduced at this session of Con-
gress and sanctioned by the Senate:
" All acts orparts of acts, authorizing the President of the
United States or the Secretary of the proper Department
under his direction, to transfer any portion of the moneys
hereby appropuated for a particular branch of expenditure
m that Department to be applied to another branch of ex-
penditure in the same Department, be and are hereby, so far
as relates to the Depai tment of War, repealed ; and no por-
tions ofthe moneys appropriated by this act phall be applied
to the payment of any expenses incurred prior to July 1,
1852. But nothing herein contained shali be so con&tiued
as to prevent the President from authorizing appropriations
for the subsistence of the Army, for forage, lor the medical
and hospital departments, and for the quartermaster's de-
paitment,to be appiied to any other of the above-mentioned
branches of expenditure in the same department."
That is the exception. No such power as the
gentleman seems to suppose, exists.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. That only applies to the
Army and Navy.
Mr. PEARCE. I know that; hut is there any
authority of law, or will-any gentleman allege
there is a practice of transferring the appropria-
tions for the pay of diplomatic agents to pay for
Indian agents? I presume not. I think, at all
events, when gentlemen indulge in these'general
charges, it would be as well to specify. Let us
know wherein such a case has occurred.
Mr. HALE. I will. I have sent for the ap-
propriation bill we have passed this session to
supply general deficiencies, to answer one branch
of the question of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. PEARCE. It comes within the excepted
cases provided by law, I suppose.
Mr. HALE. I do not mean the transfer. I
mean the generality of our appropriations, instead
of being specific. Now, I will give him an exact
answer to his other question. He asks me if I
know of any case? and he wants a specification.
I will give him one, and I will refer to one brought
before the Senate not long ago. Congress appro-
priated some two hundred thousand dollars, more
or less, to run the boundary line with Mexico.
Major Emory brought home with him $100,000.
It was appropriated to run the boundary with
Mexico. When he got home, Major Emory re-
ported to the Secretary of the Interior that he had
not spent all the money, and he would like to use
what was left for engraving the illustrations in
the work he was about to publish; and Secretary
McClelland, of the Interior Department, on his
own uuthoiity, without coming to Congress, told
him he might take the. $100,000 which had been
appropriated to run the line, to make the illustra-
tions and ornaments of his work. I amnotgoing
to say that it was not a proper appropriation to
make of the money; but I do say it was an appro-
priation that should have been made by Congress,
and not by the Secretary of the Interior. This
limitation, whioh the Senator from Maryland says
exists against transfers, has been applied only to
the Army and Navy, but has not been applied to
the other Departments. He has asked me for a
specimen of our general mode of appropriating
moneys. At the expense of being a little tedious,
I ask the attention of the Senate while I read one
part of a section of our appropriations to show
that they are obnoxious to the charge which I
brought against them. Here is an appropriation
of I do not say how much, but I will read you the
different subjects which are included within one
single appropriation:
" For the incidental expenses of the quartermaster's de-
partment, con.'wm^ of po-stnire on k'tteis and packages le-
ceived and sent by officers of the Army on public seivice ;
expenses of courts-martial and couits of inquiry, including
the additional compensation to judges-advocate, lecordeis,
members!, and witnesses, while on that service, under the
act of Ma: ch 16,1802; extra pay to soldiers employed under
the dnection of the quartet master's department, in the elec-
tion of barrack-., qu<ntcr>, storehouses, and hospitals; the
conduction of road-:, and other constant labor, for periods
of not less than ten days, under the acts of Maich 2,1819,
and August 4, 1851, including those employed as clerks at
division and tJepaiunciit headquaiters; expenses ot ex-
presses to and from the frontier posts and aimies in the
field'5 
Mr, HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask what he is reading from }
Mr. HALE. The deficiency bill, passed this
year, I am only telling you what we have done,
because I am answering a question of the Senator
from Maryland. Now, going right on in one head
of specific appropriation, I find:
" Expenses of escorts to paymasters, other disbursing offi-
cers, and trams, when military escorts cannot be furnished ,
expenses of the interment ot non-commissioned officers and
soldiers ; authorized office furniture ; hire of laborers m the
quartermaster's department, including hire of interpreters,
spies, and guides, for the Army; compensation ot clerks to
officers of the quartermaster's depai tment; compensation
of forage and wagon masters, authorized by the aot of July
5,183R; for the apprehension of deserters, and the expenses
incident to their pursuit; the following expendituie required
for the two regiments of dragoons, the two regiments of cav-
alry, the regiment of mounted riflemen, and such companies
of infantry as may be mounted, namely: the purchase of
traveling forges, blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and
mule shoes and nails, iron and steel for shoeing, hi/e of vet-
ennary surgeons, medicines for horses and mules, picket
ropes, and shoeing the horses of those corps, §190,000."
I hope the Senator is answered.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I stated that
the appropriations were as specific as it was pos-
sible to make them. Now, in regard to the very
items the gentleman has read, who is there that
believes that any Secretary of War, or any other
officer in the employment of that Department,
could by possibility ascertain beforehand what
the precise expenditure in each case would be?
Who knows how many men are going to desert ?
How^an he ascertain the sum? He would refer
to th£ practice of previous years. He would es-
timate there would probably be so many; so many
have deserted in one year, and therefore probably
so many will in another year; and he forms his
estimate on that basis. But if you were to appro-
priate a precise sum, say five thousand dollars,
for the purpose of apprehending deserteis, and
you should expend the whole of that sum m the
recovery of a given number of deserters, and
twice that number should happen to desert, you
must let-them go scot free because of this very
specific system of appropriations. Sir, it is not
the thing, and it has not such marvelous utility
in it as the Senator seems to imagine. Under
that system, the Army Department would be tied
up so that they could not pursue these other de-
serters. Who can tell what will be the move-
ment of troops in the course of a year; what the
exigencies of the Government may require; what
Indian outbreak may require a necessity for the
movement of troops in the large military depart-
ments m the United States? We may require
movements of large bodies of troops; and who
can specify how many traveling forges it will be
necessary to take along?
So of every one of these items. You cannot
ascertain them beforehand because they are un-
certain in their nature, and it is impossible to es-
timate with precision what these expenditures
will amount to. If, therefore, you appropnate
only a given sum to be applied to one of these
objects, and the course of service in the year should
demand a larger appropriation, the service must
go unperformed; the Army must travel without
its forges; the cavalry officers are to go unshod be-
cause you have not appropriation enough to cover
the demands of that branch of the service. It is
very obvious that it is not in the nature of human
affairs to appropriate with that specific accuracy
which the Senator from New Hampshire seems
to demand. It is enough that we specify all these
different branches of expenditures andappropii-
ate such a sum as upon fair and reasonable cal-
culation seems to be sufficient to supply all de-
mands in that regard. Any attempt to do more
than that would only produce confusion and loss
and injury to the public service.
Mr. HALE. When I took up this bill I read
the first section that came under my eye, and I
think it was enough to satisfy anybocly that it did
not deserve to be called specific. But there is
another item commencing in the thirty-first line,
and covering three pages of about ninety lines,
and it will average a separate appiopnation for a
line, more than ninety different objects all gathered
together in one heap, and the round sum of
$5,400,000 is.appropriated for them m one single,
collection. I will not take up the time of the Sen-
ate in reading the whole, but I will only mention
a few of them.
u For franspoitation ofthe Army, including the baggage of
the troops, when moving either by land or water; of cloth-
ing, camp and garrison equipage lioni the depot at Phila-
delphia to the .several posts and army depots; horse equip-
ments and of subsistence from the places of pui chase and
fiom the places ol delivery under contract, to such places as
the circumstance* oi the set vice may requneit to be sent; of
