1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
to.add, that my intense objection is to theprinci-
pie of the institution; to its inherent injustice,
which no kindness on the part of the master can
compensate, though such kindness may be, and
probably is, quite generally practiced; for I have
never supposed our southern brethren to be sin-
ners 'above all others. I dismiss this thought
without further comment, content that for the
present my remarks shall be confined to the
rights of freemen,and the manner in which they
are treated and proposed to be treated by the
President; alluding only incidentally and neces-
sarily, if at all, to the rights or interests of any
other class. The subject demands great plain-
ness of speech; and that demand is a sufficient
apology for its use. The President has set the
example. He has not been choice in his words,
or mealy-mouthed in his opinions. Those words
and opinions are immediately in my way. I
cannot avoid them if I would; though he is old,
and I am young.
Towards the close of his message, the President
throws out a suggestion upon which he had done
well to have acted if he would have it control
the actions of others. He tells us, as in his an-
nual communication, thatli already have the af-
fairs of Kansas engrossed an undue proportion of
the public attention." Ah! have they ? Why
did not this occur to him at the outset, and, as has
been well suggested by others, induce him to send
us the Lccompton constitution, as he did that of
Minnesota, without lengthy comments of his, in-
stead of accompanying it with a long argument,
every sentence of which is provocative of discus-
sion, and acrimonious discussion too ? Not thus
will he succeed in calming the troubled political
sea; not thus can he brush away "the dark* and
ominous clouds" to his vision il impending over
the Union." Sir, when from his high position he
assumes to pass judgment upon ten thousand free
citizens of Kansas, pronouncing them rebels, in-
surrectionists, and traitors, when he substantially
tells us that by their conduct they have forfeited
all right to complain, that though the burden of
their wrongs be never so heavy we must not hear
them groan, he should remember that these men
arc our brethren and kinsfolk, that they have sym-
pathizing friends in cveiyfrce State certainly,
probably in every State, of this Confederacy; that
hut a little time ego they were a part of the seven-
teen millions of northern freemen, that every con-
gressional district m the free North has contnb-
uted its fifties and its hundreds to the population
of Kansas, and of these, ninety-nine of every hun-
dred are now standing and acting with those
whom he denominates usurpers and rebels.
Besides, sir, the President is probably familiar
with the political platforms of 1856. It will be
recollected that he yielded his personal identity
to the solicitations of patriotic friends, and was
no longer James Huchanan, but the impersonation
of one of them. He doubtless studied the others,
and can hardly have forgotten that the Topeka
constitution and movement, which he asserts to
have been, from the first, the ultimatum of his
Kansas rebels, received the indorsement of the
Republican organization of that year. The work
of a convention elected by a popular vote m its
favor larger than the aggregate of that cast for
tin"1 members of the late Lecompton convention,
and latififd by a vote nearly or quite as large,
they deemed it then the voice of the people, which
t'ongress should heed. When, therefore, he
brands that measure as rebellious and treason-
able, he indirectly makes everv Republican of that
year an abettor of these monstrous crimes. He
has studied American character to little purpose
if he has not learned that such charges, from any
quarter, must provoke severe scrutiny and criti-
cism. Rebellion, charged against Ame/ican cit-
izens grates harshly*\)n American ears, and he
must not complain if facts and precedents are ex-
amined to determine its justice and propriety.
My colleague [Mr. Hughes] told us that " the
President had struck the Ley note of all this diffi-
culty," and that was "rebellion! tiebellion!"
lie might have added that, having struck it, he
adhered to it with marvelous steadiness. There
were no half notes, nor even thirds or fifths in the
whole strain. Let us cull some of the mellifluous
sounds which still linger on the ear—first pausing
a moment to inquire to whom they are applied.
They are designated in the message, beyond a
pcradventure, by names and localities. They are
called Republicans and Abblitionists; the locali-
ties are " the towns, cities, or counties where the
Republican party have a majority," or u Law-
rence, the hot-bed of all the abolition movements
in the Territory." The persons accused are " the
great mass of the Republican party of the Terri-
tory." True, these designations occur in the more
ancient dispatches of Governor Walker—dis-
patches sent off while he was SaatJinstead of Paul;
before the scales had fallen from his eyes; but the
President incorporates them in his message, and
makes their sentiments his own. Who does not
know that the men thus designated are none other
than the free-State party of Kansas, very few of
them being Abolitionists; manyofthem not claim-
ing to be Republicans, but old-fashioned Demo-
crats rather, who went there to carry out what
they thought to be '* the true intent and meaning"
of the organic law, but found themselves of ne-
cessity siding with the party of freedom in that
Territory, and have therefore been dubbed Repub-
licans and Abolitionists by the loyalists there and
elsewhere.
IIow are these men and their acts character-
ized in the message ? Why, sir, as having from
the first " endeavored, by force and usurpation,
to overthrow the government established by Con-
gress," as subverters of government, " de-
fying government," and 4t setting up a revolu-
tionary government." They are spoken of as
insurgents, as insurrectionary, rebellious; and to
those deeds of shame, all culminating in the To-
peka movement, we are told they have adhered
" with treasonable pertinacity." These are speci-
mens, only, of the choice literature of the Ex-
ecutive. llow many times some ©f these adjec-
tive phrases occur in the message, I cannot say.
They constitute its warp and woof; and, to return
to the figure of my colleague, are but the same
key-note, or its octaves above and below. What
a harmony of soft words, if not of soft music !
While the tones of its lofty patriotism and
heaven-born charity yet captivate the sense, while
friends are praising its signal ability and oppo-
nents smarting under its benevolent castigations,
it is grievous to be compelled to say, in truth,
that the production is scarcely original. Key-
note and all, it is little more than a recast of an old
chant—of a tune sang many years ago, perhaps
before Yankee Doodle had become a national air.
Painful as the task may be, and precious as my
lime certainly is, I must take occasion briefly to
demonstrate this, both as a matter of justice to the
dead, and that the living mav see which way the
Administration is drifting. The data may also be
useful to the friends of the President elsewhere.
His message has been assailed by the Opposition
press as being without parallel or precedent in the
past. To his friends throughout the country it
must be interesting to learn that in sentiment it is
not new to American history. Republicans are
prone to refer to early writings to sustain their
doctrines—to show that they were those of the
fathers; that even their territorial policy had its
origin in a Jeffersoman ordinance older than the
Constitution. And while the public heart vener-
ates the deeds and the patriotism of those great
men, they will not appeal m vain to the voice
which comes to them through the vista of years,
and assures them they are right. It must please
the friends of the Administration (not here, but
in the rural districts) to learn that they, too, can
appeal to writings older than the present Govern-
ment to vindicate the language of this remarkable
State paper—to show that in tone, argument, and
phrases, it has its prototype in the productions
of that past generation whose law-loving spirit
the President so beautifully commends.
This earlier document 1 have before me. It is
an unpretending book, occupies but little space,
and has probably attracted little attention among
the sixty thousand volumes of your congres-
sional library. Certainly it is a kind of literature
to which Republicans are not partial, and of which
Democrats, in other days, were not specially fond.
It was written m 1774. That, like the present,
was a time of excitement. Then, as now, there
was a controversy between Governors and gov-
erned; then, as now, a party which asserted the
Governors ever right, the governed ever wrong.
To this party the author seems to have belonged
His name does not appear in print, but some hand,
(I had almost said an unkind one,) has penciled
it on the title page; it shall not escapc my lips.
He was undoubtedly a Tory; but he has gone to
his grave? and no descendant of his, if he has one,
would thank me for proving, or intimating, this
work to be the deed of his ancestor. 11 is entitled—
" A Friendly address to all Reasonable Americans
on the subject of our Political Confusions, &c.,"
and seems to have been published for purchasers,
at the moderate price of one shilling sterling. A
few extracts from both will show the striking
resemblances between the ancient book and the
modern message. I begin with the latter. The
President says:
" A great delusion seems to pervade the public mind in
relation to the condition of parties in Kansas. This arises
from the difficulty of inducing the American people to real-
ize the fact that any portion of them should be in astate of
rebellion against the Government under which they live.
When we speak of the affairs of Kansas, we are aptto refer
merely to the existence of two violent political parties in
that Territory, divided on the question of slavery, just as we
speak of such parties m the States. This presents no ade-
quate idea of the true state of the case. Tlie dividing line
there is not between Uvo political parties, both acknowl-
edging the lawful existence of the Government, but between
those who are loyal to this Government and those who have
endeavored to destroy its existence by foice and by usurp-
ation— between thosaWjiksustain and those who have done
all in their power to ovenhrow the territorial government
established by Congress. Tips government they would long
since have subverted, had it not been protected from their
assaults by the troops of the United States. Such has been
the condition of affairs since my inauguration. Ever kinee
that period, a large portion of the peoplfi of Kansas have
been in a state of rebellion against the government, with a
military leader at their head of a most turbulent and dan-
gerous character. They have never acknowledged, but have
constantly renounced and defied the government to which
they owe allegiance, and have been all the time m a state
of resistance against its authority. They have all the time
been endeavoring to subvert it, and to establish a revolu-
tionary government under the so-called Topeka constitu-
tion m its stead. Even at this very moment the Topeka
Legislature are m session."
Similar in sentiment is the extract from one of
the dispatches of Governor Walker, adopted by
the President, which says:
" Lawrence is the hot-bed of all the Abolition movements
m thid Territory. It the town established by the Aboli-
tion societies of the East; and, whilst there are leypectable
people there, it is filled by a considerable numbei of merce-
naries who arc paid by Abolition societies to perpetuate
and diffuse agitation throughout Kansas, and pievout a
peaceful settlement of this question. Having failed in in-
ducing their own so-called Topeka State Legislature to or-
ganize thig insurrection, Lawrence has commenced it hei-
self; and if not arrested, the rebellion vviil extend throughout
the Territory. And agam: In order to send this commu-
nication immediately by mail, I must close by a-saumsyou
that the spirit of rebellion pervades the great inns? of the
Republican paity of this Territory, instigated, as I entertain
no doubt they are, by eastern societies, having m view re-
sults most disastrous to the Government and to the Union."
In the same strain are the two following key-
note extracts:
"The truth is, that up till the present moment, tiip ene-
mies? of the existing government still adhere to their Topeka
revolutionary constitution and government."
u This Topeka government, adhered to with such treas-
onable pertinacity,   a government m direct opposition to
the listing government presenbed and recognized bv Con-
gress."
Observe, sir, the grave charges and causes of
complaint: "regular authority defied rnd denied;"
loyaltyat a discount, leaning on paid soldiery for
support; particular places in open revolt, and by
their hot-bed movements striving to make the
dire disturbance universal; legal officials repudi-
ated, and legislators, Governors, even a turbu-
lent and dangerous miliary leader of their own
choice set up in their stead ! And yet the people
all unconscious of an existing continued rebellion.
The picture is graphically drawn, but lacks one
great merit—originality, as a few extracts from
the book before mo will clearly prove. In the
deeds and designs of his countrymen eighty-four
years ago, the author saw and painted the same
rank mischief and treason that constitute the start-
ling features of the modern drawing. He says:
" Friends, countrymen, and felluw-subjects: Let me en-
treat you to rouse up at last from jour slum bet, and to open
your eyes to the danger that suiround* you—the danger of
being hurried into a state of lebellion befoie ^ on aie aware
of it, and of suffering ail that lesentmcnt winch a mighty
nation can discharge on a d. fens^Je^s people.-'7 * *
it you persist in thp steps which many ot you have taken,
the time cannot be distant m which hoth you and thrv will
be legally proclaimed rebels and traitors—they as ptmcipals,
you as their abettors; and especially if you go on to encour-
age the New England fanatics to attack the King'* troops!"
Again he says:
"To this wretched and accursed state of n hellion, the
principles that have been propagated, and several step-s that
have been taken in the American colonies, directly tend.
Nay, a rebellion is evidently eommeueed m New E.igland,
in the county of Suffolk, without loom for retreating; the
inhabitants of that large and populous county have openly
