1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
bid defiance to the united authority of the King, Loids,and
Commons in Parliament assembled; they have most con-
temptuously rejected the regulations of their courts of jus-
tice, &e., established by Parliament; and not only to, but
they have set up in direct opposition to their authority a
Government of their own. In the spiritof outragous licen-
tiousness they have compelled, by brutal violence, those
respectable gentlemen that held commissions under the
Ciown to resign them, in forms of their own inditing, and to
relinquish their stations, and they have appointed others of
the same factious and turbulent disposition with themselves
to fill their places, till their long piojected Republic shall be
settled ; which is the glorious object. They hare already,
if we may believe credible information, marked out the in-
land town of Worcester tor the seat of this Republic; they
are now collecting artillery for its defense, and some of them
have nominated the man who is to be their Protector.
Whether this he so or not, it appears from authentic intelli-
gence from Boston, that they have done as bad. For the se-
lectmen and committee of correspondence have proclaimed
the King's troops to be public enemies."
Quoting from a dispatch of the King's Gov-
ernor, he makes the charge against these Bosto-
nians yet more explicit; for Boston then, and that
New England region, like Lawrence now backed
by its New England aid, seems to have been the
hot-bed of sedition. Plymouth Rock is, I believe,
somewhere in that vicinity, and it seems that the
pernicious principles of the Pilgrim Fathers were
even then working out legitimate fruits ! The
Governor (not Mr. Buchanan's, but the King's)
says:
"They have given orders to prevent all supplies for Eng-
lish troops; straw purchased for their use is burnt, vessels
with bricks sunk, carts with wood overturned, arid all this
is not the effect of ra^h tumult but of evident tsjbtem."
Why, sir, you can scarcely find in the history
of Lawrence such systematic lawlessness as this,
unless in that spontaneous municipal organiza-
tion that demonstrated its contempt for the au-
thorities, in the willful removal of sundry dead
animals from the streets of that town, and ren-
dered the presence of United States troops neces-
sary to preserve order! Our author adds:
" Now these rebellious republicans, these hair-brained
fanatics, as mad and distracted as the Anabaptists ef Mun-
ster, are the people whom the American colonies wish to
support."
Let full justice be done to both productions. In
the message we are informed that there " are re-
spectable people in Lawrence." So in the elder
author we learn that even in Boston there were
"many innocent and respectable persons—many
more than was commonly imagined."
The comparisons made sufficiently indicate the
family resemblances; but there are others equally
striking and suggestive. More than once we are
told in the message, m reference to the Lecompton
convention and its results, that if that body did
not represent the sentiment of the Territory, if its
doings were an outrage upon the wishes of the
people, it was their own fault*, that by their votes
that should have sent to that body different men-
men representing their views—and having failed
(refused, if you please) to do so, "it is not for
them to complain that their rights have been vio-
lated." What an argument, sir, for a statesman
and moralist! The plain English of it, as we must
applyit,is this: admit that this constitution does
violate the people's rights: they committed the
first wrong, and that will excuse ours. We may,
therefore, tlmist it down their throats without
even asking them how they relish the prescription.
When and where did the President learn that in
politics, more than elsewhere, one wrong justifies
another? Ah I I forget myself; he might have
learned it in the very book before me.
In those early days, as we all know, the legisla-
tion of the parentGovernmentintcrfered with the
tea drinking of the Colonies—imposing a tax on
thatdomestic institution." Then arose a contest
among the people—the rebellious asserting that
they should have a voice in the making of laws
that taxed them. Our author, ever loyal to those
in power, was upon this grave question true to the
administration. He first denies the ri^ht claimed
by the people, and then concludes his argument
as follows:
a Yet, notwithstanding all this, they (the people of the
Colonies) have lately been told by their agents, who had it
from ihc best authority, that if they chose to send ovpi per-
sons to represent them in Parliament, they should be ad-
mitted to sc.iu in the House. In my opi.non, they have ,
done wisely m not accepting the otfVr; but after refusing
it, rhc> Miivly have no io^ou to complain that they have no ,
repiesentam <\s m the Parliament that must govern tiiem.'1 :
Sir, if the work is good authority, the language
of the is vindicated by a precedent of
respectable years.
The analogies are by no means exhausted.
Passing from the question of right, the Executive
missive invites our attention to arguments of ex-
pediency. We are asked to consider the benefits
that will result to Kansas and the country from
its immediate admission and the disasters which
may follow its rejection. In the catalogue of ben-
efits to be assured by itsadmission, we have "do-
mestic peace restored, and that fine Territory,
hitherto torn by dissensions, rapidly increasing
in population and wealth, and speedily realizing
the blessings and comforts which follow in the
train of agricultural and mechanical industry."
The figures of the other and darker picture are
not clearly brought out. We have dim images
©f "agitation renewed in a form more alarming
than it has ever yet assumed," " people of sister
States estranged from each other with more than
former bitterness," and " consequences which no
man can foretell," on a background of " dark and
ominous clouds impending, which, if Kansas is
rejected, will become darker and more ominous
than any which have yet threatened the Consti-
tution and the Union." I shall not attempt to
finish the picture, especially when it is intimated
that the background may yet require a deeper
shading. But our ancient author, in his " ad-
dress to reasonable Americans," left neither of
these sketches unfinished. He reminded them that
under British laws and protection " they were
already rich, from practicing at their ease the
peaceful arts of agriculture and commerce; and
they had but to pursue the same path to flourish
and prosper, till, in process of time, they would
excite either the admiration or envy of the whole
world." Then, turning the canvas, he pointed to
them "the darkness o£a rising tempest," while
"the roar of distant thunder broke upon their
ears." In bold relief stood out the frightful images
of his grouping. The demon of discord rising to
distract; the dogs of war let loose; brother fight-
ing against brother; the rebels vanquished and
treated accordingly; their estates forfeited and
confiscated; themselves handed over to the hands
of the executioner; and " only the lower classes
spared," to speak of the mercy of their conquer-
ors !
All honor to those same reasonable Americans,
for whom arguments of advantage had no con-
trolling charms; pictures of disaster no restrain-
ing terrors; whose steady and practical reply to
all expediency men was that noble adage, " mil-
lions for defense, not one cent for tribute;" or
that other immortal sentiment, " give me liberty,
or give me death !"
In strange contrast with the reasoning just con-
sidered is the argument of insignificancc to be
found in the old work as well as in the new, the
subjects discussed being different, but the princi-
ple involved the same. In the former, submis-
sion to British power was counseled, because the
tax imposed was too insignificant to be ground
of complaint, and bccause the people could them-
selves cure the evil, and yet be loyal to const:-
tued authorities. The author says:
" In what do you suffer ? Why, it seems a duty of three
pence a pound has been laid by Paihament upon their teas
expoited to America; and we cannot purchase the tea with-
out paying the duty. But. if this may be called a burden,
so may the weight of an ato:n on the shoulders? of a giant.
Besides, this huiden maybe easily avoided; for we have
no occasion to purchase the tea. and unless we do purchase
it, we are under no obligations tu pay the duty.''
Sir, why did not this argument settle the con-
fusions of'l774 ? Because, above and beyond the j
insignificance of the tax demanded, rose the eternal j
principle that the people's consent must be the
basis of all laws to which they arc subjected; and |
because trifling- and insignificant violations of it
were then, ns now, more dangerous to the public
good than flagrant denials of its justice. The one,
adopted, might become a precedent; while the
other, if successful, would be branded as tyranny.
And yet, though the same principle is involved
now as then, we are told in the message—
" If Kansas is rejected, agitation more alarming than we
have ever known will be icvived; and thid from a cause
more fnfling and ins;;nnficant that has ever stirred the ele-
ments ot a great people to commotion/5
What is the argument by which we are to be \
convinced on this point? Why, in substance,!
this: if the proposed constitution does not accord 1
with the popular will of Kansas, we have only j
to drag her into the Union under it, and then the j
I people can immediately help themselves ! Thus, j
! we are told there is " only a difference of time" 1
between us. Granting the legal viewto be sound,
(and upon that I express no opinion now,) why-
do we not yield the point at once, and have done
with this angry strife? Because thereby we would
yield that undying principle which, in the eyes
of our fathers, towered like a mountain peak above
the trifling impost that violated it, and which must,
never, ntvtr be surrendered—the assent of the
governed to laws, and above all, fundamental laws,
to be imposed upon them. When that principle
is involved, nothing which demands its abandon-
ment, or postponementforasinglehour,istrifling
or insignificant.
One other characteristic of both documents de-
serves a passing notice. It is the common stand-
point from which they view and judge the actions
of the authorities on the one hand, and of the
people on the other. Read the old hook through,
and from beginning to end you can find in it no
admission of any real wrong on the part of British
power. The rulers were ever right, submission
to their behests ever a duty; the people-were aU
ways wrong, their remonstrances unreasonable^
theiraction "brutalviolenceandrebellion." Sb,
sir, in the message, from its first line to its last,
there is not an intimation that, in a solitary in-
stance, pretended authorities or real ones have
outraged public decency or private rights in Kan-
sas; not a word from which you can infer that
there has been the slightest excuse"'for the con-
tinued rebellion and pertinacious treason which
is charged, without scruple, upon ten thousand
freemen in that Territory. Like the Tory writer
of 1774, the President sees no act of the authori-
ties in Kansas to condemn, scarcely one act of its
people to approve. I shall return to this feature
of the message soon, and therefore dismiss it for
the present.
Enough, perhaps, has been said to show, not
where the President did find, but where he might
have found, "the key note" of his message—
enough to remove all wonder that even Democrats
are startled at the strain and loth to keep time to
the tune. And now, sir, I have done with com-
parisons between these extraordinary produc-
tions. As to the justice and propriety of the one,
the public voice, if consulted, would give no uncer-
tain sound. Let but an American come forward
now and thusspeak of the deeds and men of eighty-
four years ago, and he would be deafened with
the hisses of the civilized world. Let us leave the
author where we found him, sleeping in a political
oblivion that perchance should not have been dis-
turbed, while we return to the document of our
own times, with the charitable prayer that simi-
lar errors may not ultimately be rewarded by a
similar repose.
Time fails me to notice many important propo-
sitions of the message. I must be content with a
hasty glance at one or two more. Here is one
deserving attention, not only for its indication
of executive partiality, but for its grave error as
to the real issue to be settled. It is a sort of post-
script to the argument of insignificance which has
been considered, and shows that in the Presi-
dent's opinion the struggle may not be so trifling
to others as it is to the people of Kansas. He says:
In considering this question it should never be forgot-
ten that—m proportion to its insignificance, let the decision
be what it may, so ftr as it may affect the few thousand in-
habitants of Kansas who have, from the beginning, resisted
the constitution and the laws—for this very reason the le-
j ecnon of the constitution will be so much the more keenly
felt by the people of fouiteen of the States of this Umou
where slavery is recognized under the Constitution of the
United States."
Sir, does the Presidentimagine that northern men
are statues, that in the free States of this Union
there will be no "keen feeling" on this question ?
Jfoursouthernbrethrenmaybesostrenuousabout
a barren victory, may not we as strenuously decline
to yield ? Suppose we reverse the argument, and
say, "in proportion to its insignificance, &c.; for
this very reason the adoption of this constitution
will be so much the more keenly felt by the people
of the sixteen States of this Union where slavery
is aot recognized." Is not the reasoning equally
sound? Yethe seems to be blissfully unconscious
that the people of the North have any interest, or
any right to be interested, in this matter. But on
this I do not dwell. I wish rather to refer to a
graver error, apparent in the passage last quoted,
and more prominent still in other parts of themes-
sage. It is the assumption that this constitution
is to be rejected, if at all, because it tolerates a
