2106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
■would be great practical difficulty in administer-
ing the Army. The right of transferring appro-
priations is very much restricted at the present
time, and I know of no instance in which it exists,
where I do not think it should remain.
Again, the proposition of the House of Repre-
sentatives is to make every excess of appropria-
tion a surplus at the end of one year, the prac-
tical working of which would be to hasten the
expenditure of the appropriation within the year,
when a more just economy would lap over into
.the next year. At present, at the end of two years,
an appropriation always lapses and passes to what
is called the surplus fund, unless, upon the appli-
cation of the head of the Department, it be con-
tinued on the books of the Treasury, subject to
the purposes for which it originally was appro-
priated. It thus is made a public transaction at
the end of two years, and sometimes it will hap-
pen, as oftentimes it has happened, that at the end
of two years money has not been expended; and
an honest man could not have expended itfor the
purpose for which it was appropriated,and it re-
mains in the Treasury. The head of the Depart-
ment believes it will be necessary to expend it
within the next year; and he asks, therefore, that
it shall continue subject to the purposes for which
it was appropriated. This is merely diminishing
the labor of Congress. It relieves the head of a
Department of no responsibility, and gives him
no discretionary power which it is not for the in-
terest of the country he should possess.
I know of no instance in which this power has
been abused. In the one specially referred to,
where money was applied by the Secretary of the
Interior to the publication of a work, the appro-
priation, as my memory serves me, included, as
one of its purposes, the preparation of a report;
and under that language the office was keptup by
the Secretary of the Interior, and the maps finally
engraved. Nor can I join in this clamor which
seems to prevail at the present moment against all
illustrations in a work. When I heard a reference
made to that particular report, I turned to the il-
lustrations—I am notable to read the text—and
I found but three on which 1 should have any
doubt. They may or may not be useful; I am not
able to say; but throw the three out, if you please,
as merely ornamental, the rest were absolutely
necessary to define the line for posterity. The
mere marking of the line on the surface of the earth
and setting up monuments along it is but a tem-
porary work. The topography, however, on each
side of the line, if it be accurately defined, and
with the report of the survey recorded upon the
map, stands forever. The monuments may be
taken away; the surface of the country maybe
changed by settlement and cultivation; but the
great topographical features of it remain, and the
line can be traced at any future period. Other-
wise it is a line traced upon the stars and not upon
the eat tli.
I hope, sir, in the first place, that the section as
contained in the House bill will be stricken out;
and m the next place, that the provision reported
by the Senate committee will not be adopted: but
if the question is to be taken on the whole together,
I must vote for the amendment as reported.
Mr. HALE. As the honorable Senator from
Mississippi has stated that he has never known
this power of transfer to be abused, I will not say
that it has been; but I want to give a history of it
m one case in the Treasury Department, since I
have been a member of Congress. Some dozen
or more years ago we passed a bill foi raising a
certain amount of funds by Treasury notes, and
it turned out that the Ttea^urer and the Register
charged acent a piece for signing the notes, winch
came to some hundreds or thousands of dollars, I
<V> not know which, more or less. Congress were
dissatisfied with it. There was a good deal of
dissatisfaction expressed m the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the next time that Congress passed
a bill for Treasury notes they inserted an express
provision that -no part of the money raised by the
bill ebouid be appropriated to pay any officer who
iiad a salary, for figmng" these Treasury notes,
and they thought they had done the business.
Well, sir, the bill pnssed with this provision m it,
that i3o pait-of it should be paid to pay these per-
sons for signing the notes; but next year, when
the accounts came in,it appeared that the Treas-
urer and Register had got just exactly the same
turn, a cent apiece, notwithstanding this provision
in the law. An inquiry was instituted at the
Treasury Department to know why it was that
these men were paid in the face of this provision
of law, and it turned out to be under the transfer
power. There was some other appropriation in
the Treasury that was not expended; and inas-
much as the"bill only prohibited taking any of the
money raised by the Treasury notes to pay these
officers, the Secretary transferred some other ap-
propriation and paid them. Now, with all def-
erence, I would ask the honorable Senator if he
thinks that was a fair and honest exercise of the
transfer power?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator at once.
I know nothing of the case which he cites; T know
nothing of it now beyond what he has stated; but
it was not an abuse of the power contained in the
law, but a usurpation of power not granted m the
law, as he states it. I cannot conceive how any
claim of transfer, under the strict limitations of
the law, would authorize such a practice as the
Senator has described. I know nothing of the
facts of the case.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator docs not un-
derstand me. The prohibition was, that no por-
tion of the money raised from the Treasury notes
should be used to pay the officers of the Treas-
ury; but they went on and signed notes as before,
and were paid as before; and when the inquiry
was made how they were paid, the only answer
was that they were not paid from the fund raised
fiotri the notes, but from another fund.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood tiie Senator per-
fectly, and my answer was intended to cover his
remark—that it was a usurpation of power not
authorized by law; and the restriction is to be
found, not merely in that appropriation act, but in
a dozen laws, spread over a long portion of time.
An officer surely cannot draw from the appropri-
ation for one purpose an amount of money to in-
crease his salary, and call that the power of trans-
fer. It is prohibited in various acts in different
language.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I did not hear
the extent of the remarks made by the Senator
from Mississippi in regard to one case in which
the tmnsferpower was used—the case of Emory's
boundary commission.
Mr. DAVIS. I cited the case of transfer from
forage to transportation accounts.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I thought the
Senator spoke of the boundary survey.
Mr. DAVIS. The answer that I made on the
case of Emory was, that according to my recol-
lection the appropriation act for the boundary sur-
vey contained authority for the publication of the
report, as well as the running of the boundary
line.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Well, sir, in the
course of a discussion here jn regard to the ques-
tion of transfer, 1 took occasion to vote against
an amendment embodying this provision as it
comes from the House of Representatives, and I
shall vote against it again, because I am not dis-
posed to take away from the Treasury entirely
the power of transfer: but there is one case in re-
gard to which, after considerable discussion in a
committee of which I am a member, there was
not a dissenting: opinion as to the propriety of its
abolition. I allude to the transfer of a fund ap-
propriated by law for the running of the Mexican
boundary to the preparation of the report and
printing it after it had been prepared. Congress
was afterwards involved in the printing of a con-
cern not complete in itself, and which has brought
us now to the printing of a second volume of what
iy culled an appendix, the cost of which must
amount to oyer one hundred thousand dollars,
with, I think, two hundred and seventy or two
hundred and eighty plates of natural history. All j
this we are involved in by an act of transfer which j
I do not believe any proper construction of the
law would have authorized. !
i should not have alluded to this matter but for j
the fact that the Senator from Mississippi speaks i
of a clamor that has been raised upon this subject. I
Now, if I undeistand the definition of the word, j
a clamor is a senseless noise. I do not know of j
any clamor that has been raised about this mat- \
ter. I do not think that what has been said is en- j
titled to that designation at the hands of the Sen- |
ator. He has not been here during the time these i
discussions were up. I presume that he has read j
everything that has been said on the subject; and I
it may sound to him as clamor; and, if he had
been here to give us the light of his information,
it might have been apparent to us that it was a
clamor, and'we might have had it in our power
to correct our impressions. We knew, however,
that these matters had run to very great excess.
The Senator from Mississippi has twice made
this remark, or I should not have noticed it. ' I
did not choose to notice it the first time. I do not
think any clamor has been raised here; and I must
therefore protest against his asserting that there
is a clamor upon the subject of illustrations of
public works, or upon the extent to which the
publication of any of them has gone. Whilst I
take the same view that he does of the power of
transfer as a general principle that should con-
tinue to exist in the Treasury, I must, at the same
time, declare that, with reference to the question
of commencing the publication of explorations
hitherto made, it has been carried to too great an
extent, and ought to be abridged and abolished;
for I am satisfied it has not been justly exercised.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Arkansas
attributes to me the use of the expression to which
he alludes, as directed seemingly against the com-
mittee of which he is the worthy chairman. The
use of the word, whether well or ill selected, was
not directed against the committee, certainly not
against the chairman. There has been complaint
in the Senate which I think unjust, and there has
been complaint in the country too, which I think
is certainly unjust; and I believe the remarks in
the Senate have given rise to great misapprehen-
sions through the country. In regard to these
misapprehensions, I think the censures which
nngjit have been attached properly to some works,
have been improperly applied to those where the
illustrations were generally topographical, such
as were necessary to make the boundary stand
for posterity. The great mass of illustrations in
the report of Emory is composed of topographical
sketches, which.sketches alone, as I endeavored
to explain, could define the line so as to make jt
permanent. The Senator did not hear my re-
marks, or he would not have supposed that I
urged that question as one of transfer. I did not
so consider it. If money has been transferred
from the purpose for which it was appropriated,
namely: to run and mark the boundary, to prepare
the report beyond what was legitimate under the
use of that term, to the printing of books outside
of the preparation of the report, (which would be
confined merely to such printing as might be done
cheaper than copying in manuscript, and to such
engraving as would be necessary, and which I
suppose would be the form in which it reached
Congress;) if that be the case, it would not come
under the head of a transfer authorized by law;
and if the Senator had heard my remarks, he
would not have supposed my application to be
made to his view in relation to the printing of
these books.
But a word more in relation to that report made
by an officer in every way worthy as a gentleman
and a man of science." In reference to the second
volume, which is spoken of as an incomplete one,
he desired only the publication of a very small
edition. If thuL very small edition had been pub-
lished, the great expense to which the Senator
from Arkansas has referred would not have been
incurred. That volume was not the report of the
officer; it was the discussion of those specimens he
had broughtin, whether of ornithology, entomol-
ogy, or of the mineralogy of the country. Those
reports made by scientific men were afterwards
presented to Congress. If Congress ordered alarec
edition, it is apparent they must have expected to
incur a large expense. No large edition of that
volume was necessaiy. It is not popular in its
nature. It is only required for learned men and
learned societies. They alone will read it. Such
a book is composed mostly of illustrations.
It is not fair to say that the expense has been
incurred in engraving, for colored engravings of
that character multiply the expense each time you
repeat them. The expense of mere engraving is
soon covered; but every new repetition of a col-
ored engraving increases absolutely the whole ex-
pense. They are thrown into the country; they
support the supposition that the Senate is print-
ing picture books; they are but mere picture books
except to the learned men; they are picture books
to those who cannotexamine them with anyview
to classify them, who merely look at them as
