1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2107
beautiful engravings, the more beautiful to them
because they are colored, and colored properly-
only because they thus present the specimens in
the true light in which they should be brought to
the eye of the naturalist. I think the corrective
there would have been the publication of a small
number of copies. It was not necessary, because
the first volume required a large edition to be
thrown into general circulation, that therefore the
second, which was purely a scientific volume,
should be published upon the same scale.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 26,nays 18; as follows:
YEMS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Brod-
enck, Blown, Clay, Clmgman, Davis, Green, Gwm, Hous-
ton, Hunter, 1 version. Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Mallorv,
Mason, Pearce, Polk. Rice, Sebastian, Shields, Stuart,
Wright, and Yulce—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler. Clark, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Fostei. Hale, Uamlm, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee,
King, Pui*h, Seward, Simmons, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—18.
So the amendment was agreed to. i
Mr. HUNTER. I send up another amend- :
ment. In page 2, line twenty, strike out all after
the word " messengers," and insert "at $1,080
each." That is to carry out a change made two
or three days ago in the office of the Secretai y of
the Senate. He had formerly two messengers,
one at $1,080, the other at $730; and, by resolu-
tion, both have been put on the same footing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment.
On page 3, line forty-five, to strike out " $7,584,"
and insert " $7,914." That is to make the
amounts correspond. It belongs to the same sub-
ject.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. On page 3, after line forty-
six, insert:
Fort ho additional compensation allowed by the ^solu-
tion of the Senate of the 11th of May, 16f>*. to a mps^encer
in the office of the £ ccictaiy ot the Senate, for the fiscal
year ending the 30th ot Jime, $330.
That is to carry out the same resolution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment;
in page 3, after line sixty-one, to insert:
Foi stationery for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1838, §5.000.
That is an estimate furnished by the Secretary
of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to add:
For mi--pollaneou5i items foi the fiscal year ending t!" e
30th of June, £3.000.
Mr. COLLAMER. Miscellaneous items for
what service r
Mr. HUNTER. The contingent fund; it is
for money that we voted to the representatives of
Senators who died—Senators Bell, Butler, and
Ru s k.
Mr. COLLAMER.. For the use of the Sen-
ate?
Mr. HUNTER. All this is for the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I haveanotheramendment in
page 6, line one hundred and twenty-nine, strike
out " seventy" and insertfifty." The item in
the bill from the House is:
" For binding twenty-four copies <>f the Con<m'--iorial
fllobe and Appendix lor c.ieh nvmber ami d ■{> gate ot the
second se-MOn of tiie TIurtv-Fifth Cmitrro-. sKO'JT GO:
Pronded. Thar no meatei puce shall be paid iui file same
than <-<Jv<'un cent-* loi each volume, <u pan, actually bound
and dehveied "
The Committee on Finance move to strike out
"seventy cents" and insert 44 fifty cents," which
we understand is the price we pay for the same
service.
Mr. BR.OWN. I think the Senator is mistaken
about it. My recollection is that the price we
pav is sixty cents.
Mr. HUNTER. That information was given
ns by the Senators on the Printing Committee
from Pen itsyl vama and Maine.
Mr. BROWN. It w:\Hehanged at the last ses-
sion, 1 thnik, oil my motion. 1 move to amend
the amendment by insuring " sixty" instead of
'k fi ft v "
Mr JIUNTER. Our object was to put it the
same as it is here, is the Senator certain about
it'
Mr FESSENDEN. What ix the remark of
the Senator from Mississippi5
Mr. BROWN. I think fifty cents was found
to be too small, and we increased it to sixty cents.
That is my recollection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that, in the
new printing bill that we passed the other day,
the price fixed for quartos is fifty cents, and that
is ascertained, on examination, to be sufficient to
cover the cost of binding.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; let it go.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move, on page 21, from
line four hundred and ninety to line four hundred
and ninety-four, to strike out:
" For compensation of the surveyor general of Utah, and
the clerks in his office, $6,000.
"For lent of the suivoyor geneial's office in TTfah, fuel,
books, stationery, furniture, and other incidental expenses,
$1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. On page 7, lines one hundred
and forty-three and one hundred and forty-four,
I move to strike out:
u Draughtsmen, and cleiks upon the land map«."
The explanation of that is this: It seems that
they have had m the Land Office heretofore nine
clerks, appointed by the Clerk of the House of
Repiesentatives, at a salary, I think, of $1,800
each. Tiie House of Representatives, upon de-
bate, diminished the number from nine to five,
and appropriated for that number here; but it
seemed to us that it was improper that the Clerk
of the House of Representatives should appoint
clerks in the General Land Office of the United
States. They keep their office in the Department j
of the Interior. They are there not under his i
control, and the Committee nn Finance move to
strike out the appropriation for these clerks.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. In line one hundred and forty-
six, I move to strike out " seventeen" and insert
" eight." That is to carry out the same object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I have an amendment from
the Committee on Claims to offer:
To enable the Clerk of the Court of Claim-'! to pav the
two laborers employed bv the court, m oider to make their
compenMitionf orty dollais pei mouth fiom the commence-
mentot*then employment.
I will state the fact that there are two laborers,
colored freemen, who have been employed by
the Court of Claims from the commencement of
the sessions of the court up to the present time.
The amount appropriated heretofore to pay the
expensesfor laborers, &c., did not authorize the
clerk of that court to pay these two laborers forty
dollars a month. 1 think they have got only
twenty-five or thirty. It is now proposed to pay
them forty dollars a month for the time they have
been employed, that being the smallest compen-
sation allowed to any laborers about the Capitol
I con bear testimony to the efficiency of these
laboreis. Thev have been waiting upon the Com-
mittee on Claims during the piesent session.
They are clever men, both of them. In this bill
an amount is appropriated which covers forty
dollars amonth for them hereafter from the lstof
July next, butdoes notprovido forthe compensa-
tion of torty doliars for the time they have been
employed.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we have generally
treated that matter of back pay a a a puvare claim.
If the appropriation is made prospectively for (he
next fiscal year, it seems to me that is as much
as the Senator from Georgia ought to ask. It
| will be a matter of private claim to give them
| this compensation hereafter.
| Mr. IVERSON. It is never considered n pri-
! vate bill. You add twenty per cent, on the gen-
| t-rai itppiopnation bill to the pay of laborers and
: mes.;,ei'irers. You increase saiai les m thennpro-
pi iat 10u bill. i t is gei mane to the subp et-m after.
Air. TOOMBS. I hope tins aniciKlmcnt wd!
not be adopted. I thmk if the bill contains such
a piovision as mv colleague suggests it ought to
! l e amended ; but certainly I do not see any leavm
for going back and giving this additional pay for
' pa^t years. These peisons have >seived m that
capacity, it appears, for some veats past, and I
think hod vry ample compensation. I see no
reason for grung more, unless it be. that in the
general looseness which prevails, the Government
is to pay more than individuals would for the same
service. I believe I can hire in this city excellent
men of the class these are, of the same descrip-
tion, for fifteen or twenty dollars a month. I have
done it frequently. The only object is to make
little jobsfor these people. As good colored men
as can be got in the District can be had for fifteen
or twenty doliars a month. I think if we want
men for this purpose, the best plan would be to
buy a couple, because then they would only cost
the interest on the purchase money. They could
be bought for $1,000 apiece, and the interest on
that sum would be but §120 a year; whereas, the
forty dollars a month would be $960 a year. If
there is any wisdom in having these men, I think
it will be better to buy a couple of them [laugh-
ter] than to hire them for this purpose; but cer-
tainly to go back and give them forty dollars a
month back pay is ridiculous. -
Mr. IVERSON. The object of this amendment
is to place these laborers on the same footing with
all others employed by the Government. Others
have got forty dollars a month, and these have
not got it because there was not a sufficient appro-
priation.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does not this show what ought
to be the rule of appropriation? Ought the Gov-
ernment to pay twice orthnce what the lowest un-
skilled labor can be had for at this place ? or is the
Government to pay the same as individuals? I
take the sound rule to be, that it ought to pay the
price for which labor of that description can be
hired at the place where it is wanted. Everybody
knows that you follow no such rule, and hence
you are worried to getoffices and places for men,
because you are profligate, because you make
them jobs. You do not act so as to get the public
work done on the terms on which honest men get
theirs done, but you set up offices to be given out.
Everybody knows that fifteen or twenty dollars
a month will hire the best labor m this city, and
do twice as much work as these men who wait on
the Court of Claims. To give them back pay is
clearly wrong; and if the committee have reported
a provision allowing them forty dollars a month
in the future, I shall propose to strike out the
forty dollars, and fix it at twenty or twenty-five
doliars. Surely it ought to be no more than that.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know where there
is such a provision in the bill as the Senator from
Georgia suggested. 1 am not awaie of it.
Mr. IVERSON. I will tell you where it is.
Mr. SIMMONS. While the Senator is looking
for what lie wants, I will say a word. As the
Senator from Georgia does not propose to buy
these men, I hope he will not conclude to starve
them. Rather than do that, I would almost agree
with him to buy a couple, though that would not
be quite according to our rules. I understand
that these men hare been employed for some time
without receiving the ordinary compensation of
laborers who perfomi the same service. I have
been called out of the Senate hyoneof them, who
I find keeps a pretty good run the appropria-
tion bills. 1 believe he is as good a servant as
there is in the employment of the Government;
and I do not see why he should not have the same
pay for taking care of these rooms that the o'her
laboreis about the Capitol have If you will go
for striking them ah down, I shell make no objec-
tion to that; but I do not know why laborers in
one suae, of rooms hcie should not have the same
price that the laboiers m another suite of rooms
have when thev do tile same work. All I ask is,
that you shall not visit this economy on one or
two victims, but make a pretty ironeral rule of it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I take all abuses as they come.
Air. SIMMONS. Why do you not go on a
larger scale;
Mr. TOOMBS. I take them all when I come
to them, but you do not take them at all.
Mr. HUNTER. The item to which the Sena-
tor fiom Geoigia alludes is on the c!th page of the
bdl:
'•Foi l.ib'ji a>ul miscellaneous items for the C'ouit of
Claim-. * ! 000. '
Here is n general estimate. We did not know
at what prices they intended to employ laborers.
The appropriation of $4,000 for miscellaneous
Kims seemed to be reasonable. It these appro-
priations weie used propeily, one advantage ot
making them in a lump, as miscellaneous items
would be, that they could employ laboreis tem-
poiarily at less than the existing wages given, be-
cause, as has been very properly said, the Gov-
