1857.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48
35tii Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Pensions.
Senate &■ Ho. of Reps.
preceding fiscal year; and, under the second, to
the year ending the 30th of September. For con-
venience arid readiness of comparison, I have
adhered to this plan.
PENSIONS.
The accompanying table, marked A, exhibits
the number of original claims for Army pensions
and applications for increase of those previously
granted winch have been admitted during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June last, and the aggre-
gate annual amount of the same in the several
States and Territories.
Table marked B, shows the amount of arrears
of pension allowed and payable at the date of
allowance in the several States and Territories
during the same period.
Table marked C, is a statement of the number
of Army pensioners on the rolls 30th June last, in
the several States and Territories, and the aggre-
gate yearly amount of their pensions.
Table maiked D, shows the amount paid for
Army pensions in the several States and Territo-
ries during the last fiscal year.
Table marked E, exhibits the balance in the
hands of each of the agents for paying Army pen-
sions on the 30th June last.
Table marked F, has exclusive reference to
Navy pensions, and shows—
1. The number and yearly amount of original
applications and number of claims for increase of
Wavy pensions admitted during the last fiscal year.
2. The number of pensioners on the rolls in the
several States and Territories, on the 30tli June
last, and the aggregate yearly amount of their
pensions.
3. The amount paid for Navy pensions in the
several States and Territories during the last fiscal
year.
4. The balances in the hands of the several
agents for paying Navy pensions, at the close of
the fiscal year.
The whole number of original Army pension
claims admitted during the year under the act in
force, was eight hundred and seventy-two, in-
volving the aggregate annual sum of $>64,619 03;
and the number of pensions previously allowed,
-which have been increased, was one hundred and
seventy-seven, amounting to the sum of $8,950 48.
The total amount of arrears of pensions involved
in these admissions, and which were payable at
the date of issuing the certificates, was $230,50172.
The whole number of original Navy pension
claims allowed during the same period was sev-
enty-five, amounting m the aggregate to the annual
sum of $9,464 50; and the number of pensions in-
creased was four, for the sum of $121 25. The
aggregate sum of the arrears due and payable it
the time of issuing the certificates, was $10,833 68.
The total amount paid for Army and Navy pen-
sions at the several agencies during the past fiscal
year, was $1,365,717 54. The whole number of
pensioners on the various rolls on the 30th June
was thirteen thousand one hundred and eighty-
six, whose annual pensions amounted to the sum
of $1,136,386 50.
The sum of the balances in the hands of the
paying agents on the 30th of June last was
$174,346 08, being $53,754 03 less than at the
close of the preceding fiscal year. This results
from the care taken to prevent the undue accu-
mulation of funds in the hands of the agents by
unnecessarily large advances to them.
Of the $230,501 72 arrears in virtue of Army
pensions admitted during the last fiscal year, the
sum of $19,658 was allowed under acts granting
invalid pensions; $52,162 59, under the acts of
loth May, 1828, and 7th June, 1832, granting
pensions to revolutionary soldiers; $125,682 93
under the several acts granting pensions to the
■widows of revolutionary soldiers; and $32,998 20
to the widows and minor children of deceased
officers and soldiers who have been pensioned for
service subsequent to the revolutionary war.
The first act of general application, granting
pensions for revolutionary services, was that
passed on the 18th of March, 1818, which gave
a pension to all officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, privates, musicians, mariners, and marines,
who had served in the Continental Jinny or Navy
to the close of the war, or for a period of nine
consecutive months—an allowance to commis-
sioned officers of twenty dollars, and to non-com-
missioned officers, privates, &c., of eight dollars
per month, "if, from reduced circumstances, they
should be in need of assistance from the country
for support." The amount paid out under this
act, to the 30th of June last, was, in round num-
bers, $22,320,000.
The next in the series of revolutionary pen-
sion acts was that of 15th of May, 1828, which,
without qualification as to property, gave, in ef-
fect, to all officers and soldiers who served in the
continental line of the Army to the close of the
■war, or, in the case of officers, if they became su-
pernumerary, the amount of their full pay in said
line, not to exceed in any case, however, the pay
of a captain m the line. Under this act, the
amount paid to 30th of June last was $2,601,000.
Then came the more comprehensive act of 7th
of June, 1832. The provisions of this act cm-
braced all persons who had been engaged, in
a military capacity, in the revolutionary war,
whether m the militia, State troops, the navies
of the several States, or in the continental line,
provided the term or terms of service aggregately
amounted to as much as six months—a service
of two yeais entitling the paity to the full pay of
his grade, and a shorter period of service to a pro-
portionate allowance. The amount expended un-
der this act, to 30th of June last, was $18,090,960.
Then followed a series ofacts gianting pensions
to the widows of revolutionary soldiers.
The first of these acts—that approved 4th July,
1836—granted for life to widows of revolutionary
soldiers the same amount of pension their hus-
bands would have been entitled to receive under
the provisions of the act of 7tli June, 1832, pro-
vided their marriage had taken place prior to the
expiration of the last period of their husband's
service. The amount paid out under this act, to
30th Juno last, was $6,183,581.
The act of 7th July, 1838, granted to those
widows whose marriage took place subsequent to
the expiration of the last period of their husband's
service, but prior to the 1st of January, 1794, a
like amount of pension, but for five years only.
These pensions were renewed for a further period
of five yeais, by the acts of 3d March, 18-33, and
17tii June, 1844. The amount expended under
these three acts was $7,045,317.
By the act approved February 2,1848, the class
of pensions created by the act of July 7, 1838,
was placed upon the same footing as to duration
as the class provided for by the act of 4th July,
1836, viz; for life; and by the act of 29th July,
1848, like provision was made for those widows
whose marriage took place at any time prior to
the year 1800. The amount paid under these two
acts up to 30th June last was $3,275,166.
The last of this series of widows' acts, as they
are called, is that of February 3, 1853,, which
created still another class of pensioners, viz: those
widows of revolutionary soldiers who had been
married at any time subsequent to the year 1800;
and under this law there had been paid, to 30th
June last, the sum of $1,798,596.
It will be perceived that, under the acts enu-
merated, upwards of sixty-one million dollars in
pensions have been paid on account of revolu-
tionary services, either to the soldiers themselves,
their widows, or their representatives.
You have recently decided, in accordance with
the legal views of the Attorney General, that the
practice wliieh has heretofore prevailed—but not
wholly without interruption or question as to its
legality—of permitting the children or other rep-
resentatives of such deceased persons as might
have got themselves placed upon the pension rolls,
to present and establish such claims, and leceive
the pensions the soldiers or their widows might
have enjoyed during their lives, was without war-
rant of law; and, by your direction, the practice
has been discontinued. What portion of the vast
amount above stated was paid to others than the
soldiers and their widows could only be ascer-
tained by an examination of all the numerous
claims heretofore admitted. This would involve
a length of time and amount of labor which would
not be justified by any practical result to be ob-
tained. In order, however, that some idea might
be formed on the subject, I caused a partial ex-
amination to be made, and found, of the aggre-
gate amount of arrears allowed and paid during
the fiscal year ending June 30,1856, under all the
acts granting pensions to the widows of revolu-
tionary soldiers, (excepting the act of 3d Febru-
ary, 1853,) one half was allowed after their de-
cease, and paid to their representatives; and that,
of the $232,498 96 allowed and paid under the
acts of 15th May, 1828, and 7th June, 1832, as
arrears during the four years intervening between
the 1st July, 1853, and 30 th J une, 1857, $199,454 03
(being about six sevenths of the whole amount)
was paid to the representatives of deceased sol-
diers.
Although these facts do not furnish correct data
by which to arrive at the proportion paid at ear-
lier dates under the pension laws to revolutionary
men and their widows on the one hand, and to
their representatives on the other, still they con-
clusively show that a very large amount has here-
tofore been paid the latter. At this late day, but
few, if any, valid original claims can be presented
by revolutionary soldiers or their widows, except
those widows of the class provided for by the act
of 1853. If, therefore, the practice of permitting
the representatives of those parties to establish
and recover such claims should be legalized, they
would become, in future adjustments of pensions,
with but a fractional abatement, the sole recip-
ients of the bounty granted by Congress to the
beneficiaries designated in the various pension
laws as the proper objects of the beneficence of
the nation.
In view of the possibility that the practice in
question may be revived by law, and extended so
as to entitle grandchildren or other representa-
tives where no children of the soldiers or their
widows survive, I, deem it proper to state, in ad-
vance, that not even an approximate estimate
could _be made of the additional amount which
would be required under it, as the office could
have no information as to the number of cases
outstanding, and which have not been presented
in any form because of the well-known fact of the
exclusion of representatives other than children,
by the rules of the Department, from any benefits
under the pension laws. 1
When it is considered that the large amount
herein shown to have been paid out by the United
States in the form of pensions on account of rev-
olutionary services, is exclusive of the disburse-
ments made to revolutionary invalids; of the pen-
sions granted by private acts and paid out of special
appropriations; that it is exclusive of the amount
paid to the officers of the Revolution as commu-
tation m lieu of half pay for life, (estimated to
have been $5,000,000,) and of the amount paid
under the provisions of the act of July 5, 1832,,
by which the United States assumed the obliga-
tions incurred by Virginia to a portion of her State
tioops; that it is exclusive also of land bounty
provided by the United States, and of pensions as
well as land bounty provided bythe several States;
and exclusive, as matter of course, of all sums
which will hereafter be paid to pensioners now on
the rolls and to those who may hereafter be placed
thereon, itcan no longer be justly charged that the
Government has been unmindful of its obligations
towards those patriotic men of the past who will-
ingly sacrificed, in their country's cause, every-
thing but their honor.
Attention lias frequently, and in various ways,
been invited to the discriminations between the
invalid and half-pay pensions provided for the
Army, and those for the Navy, whether as re-
gards the rates, the conditions under which
granted, or their duration. For instance: in cases
of total disability, the highest rates of pension are,
iu the Army, $30 per month; in the Navy, $50.
The lowest rates for the same are, in the Army,
$8 per month; in the Navy, $3; and in the marine
corps, $3 50. Can any just reason exist for these
discriminations against the higher grades of the
Army, and the lower grades of the Navy and the
marine corps?
But as regards the half-pay pensions to widows
and orphans, the inequalities are still more strik-
ing, as well as more numerous. As an illustra-
tion: Two officers, or others, one of the Army,
the other of the Navy, die whilst in the service.
The widow of the tatter only is pensioned, be-
cause in Navy cases it is sufficientif the husband
shall have died of wounds or disease incurred in
the service, and in the line of duty; whereas, in
