2108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
eminent gives a higher rate of pay for labor than
private individuals. It was supposed that when we
made these allowances for contingencies, they
would not be brought within the general rule of
large expenditures; but would lead to a more eco-
nomical application of the money. "When the
appropriations made for the court were smaller,
it seems it employed laborers for smaller wages,
and they were glad to get it. It may be safe to
appropriate for contingencies; but first under an
appropriation for contingencies they get messen-
gers who are not allowed by law because they pay
for them out of the contingent fund, and the next
thing is they come in and ask to put them on a
regular salary, and thus enlarge the corps of offi-
cials employed. I am opposed to that. The num-
ber of messengers is fixed by law, and if the Court
of Claims, out of its contingent fund, chooses to
employ laborers for temporary purposes, let it
employ them at the usual prices.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in the
chair.) If no exception be taken, all the amend-
ments agreed to in Committee of the Whole will
be taken together.
Mr. GWIN. I wish one on page 19, after line
four hundred and nineteen, reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be taken on all the others in the aggregate.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
nowis on concurring in the amendment indicated
Dy the Senator from California, as follows:
For elf rk hire, office rent, fuel, and lights, at the several
district land offices of the land States ami Territories, to
be apportioned in such manner a?, in the judgment of the
Secretary of the Xnteiior, the pubhc interest may require,
$50,000.
Mr. GWIN. I move to strike out " $50,000"
andinsert " $60,000;" and I am authorized by the
Committee on Finance to do so. It is on astate-
ment made by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office that the addition of two land districts
in California, which lias been passed very recently,
will involve additional expense, and I move that
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state that this amend-
ment comes in this way: under a section of the
law passed in 185G, the Secretary of the Interior
was required to make a general statement before-
hand of the expenditures in the way of clerk hire
ami rent that would be necessary for the offices
of the registers and receivers. He did make a
statement under that law, and it was supposed
ho might have had the authority to make the
expenditure if he had chosen to. He made no
expenditure until he consulted Congress. He did
make an estimate of $134,000. The committee
cut it down to $50,000, buton considering the cir-
cumstance stated by the Senator from California,
they have agreed to raise that sum to {160,000.
The amendment to the amendment was agi*eed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to move an amend-
ment to come m the ninth line. After the word
" dollars," insert:
And a suliicient sum in addition thereto to pay the mile-
age of tho newly-elerted memltei-. of the Senate in attend-
ance at the called executive session, commencing on the
4th day of Maiel), 18j7 ; hut nothing liciem contained shall
he ho construed as to allow con^tl uctive mileage.
So that the clause will read:
For compensation and mileage of Senators $163,750, and
a sufficient sum in addition thereto, to pay the mileage of
the nowly-elected members of the Senate, &c.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise no question of order
on that, because it relates to members, and it ought
to be tlie privilege of every member to move it. I
will vote to pay the expenses of tho trip, but 1 do
not know that I can vote to give a third mileage
for the Congress. I merely say this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would state, in regard
to the question of order, that I have the authority
of the Committee on the Judiciary to offer the
amendment, and I suppose there can be no ques-
tion of order about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairun-
derstands that no quest ion of order has been raised.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I aslc for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time: It was read
the third time, and passed.
SAN FRANCISCO POST OFFICE.
Mr. CLAY.- I move now to proceed to the
consideration of the next special order, being the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. BRODERICK. Yesterday I gave way to
the Senator from Alabama, when a resolution call-
ing for information from the Post Office Depart-
ment was under consideration. I have since con-
ferred with the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and I am ready now
to offer a resolution that will cause no debate, and
I hope it will be passed at once.
Mr. CLAY. I yield to that.
Mr. BRODERICK. I offer this resolution:
Resolved, That the Postmaster Genera) be requested to
inform the Senate whether any sums and if so what sums
have been returned by the postmaster of San Francisco as
rents received for the use of the post office lobby from July
1,1854 to December 31, 1857.
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be also requested
to inform the Senate at the same time, whether there are on
the files of the Post Office Department any complaints of
malfeasance in office, or violations of law on the part of the
San Francisco postmaster ; and if so, when the same were
filed, and in what manner they are substantiated, and the
nature of the charges, the specific sections of the law which
the alleged acts aic in violation of, and what action, if any
has been taken in regard thereto.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
CAPTAIN CRAM'S REPORT.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs and Militia, to whom was referred the re-
port of the Secretary of War communicating, in
compliance with the resolutions of the Senate of
the 15th of February and March 8, a copy of T. J.
Cram's military topographical memoir and report,
with maps on the departmentof the Pacific, with
a letter from the Hon. I. I. Stevens, and a letter
from Captain A. A. Humphries on the character
of that memoir, have had the same under consid-
eration, and report that the Secretary of War, in
his communication, dated March 15, 1858, says:
" The resolution of the Senate having directed my atten-
tion to the report of Captain Cram, I find that a laige por-
tion of it i<? devoted tofubjeots melevant tothe>e objocts as
indicated by tho title, and contains certain animadversions
upon public functionaucs winch are out of place in n topo-
graphical communication, and which are in no sense sanc-
tioned or indorsed by tills Department."
The committee, under the circumstances, aslc
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the report, and that the memoir be returned to
the War Department. I have had no ability to
examine the report. I find, however, the reasons
set forth in the letter of the Secretary of War
quite sufficient, I think, to justify the committee
in the request which they make to the Senate to
be discharged from the further consideration of
the subject, and that the papers be returned to
the War Office. With the consent of the Senate,
1 ask that that order be made at once.
It was so ordered.
FISHING BOUNTIES.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 10) repealing all laws or
part of laws allowing bounties to vessels employed
in the bank or other cod fisheries, tho pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Trum-
bull, to add "sugar" to the amendment offered
by Mr. Allen.
Mr. HARLAN". My colleague and myself re-
gard ourselves as instructed to use all fair means
to secure a repeal of the duties on sugar, and I
prefer to present this ease in the precise words of
the Legislature of Iowa giving these instructions.
They say:
u Your memorialist*?, the General Assembly of the State
of Iowa, lespeetfully repiesent that, in tiie opinion of this
General Assembly, tho pi esentduty oftvventv-four per cent.
ml valorcmon bugan imported imposes a grievous burden on
the people of the United States."
Mr. DOOLITTLE requested the Senator from
Iowa to yield to him the floor, that he might move
a reconsideration of the vote by which the appro-
priation bill had just been passed.
Mr. HARLAN yielded; the vote was recon-
sidered, and a long discussion ensued on a pro-
posed amendment to add an item for the usual
compensation of tho reporters. Without dispos-
ing of the subject, after a session of nearly seven
hours' duration, the Senate adjourned. [The re-
mainder of this day's proceedings will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
be made.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 13, 1858.
The House met at eleven o 'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. J. N. Hank.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a correc-
tion of the Journal. The Journal omits to state
that the report accompanying the bill for the or-
ganization of the Territory of Nevada was ordered
to be printed, as well as the bill itself.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be mat}
The Journal was then approved.
MEMBERS FROM MINNESOTA..
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, the Represent-
atives from the State of Minnesota are present,
and I now present their credentials, and move that
they be sworn in.
The Clerk read the credentials:
I, Samuel Medary, Governor of Minnesota, hereby cer-
tify that at a general election held on the 13th day of Octo-
ber, XS57, under the constitution adopted by the* people of
Minnesota piepaiatory to their admissiou into the Union as
a State, W. W. Phei.vs received a majority of the votes
cast at said election as one of the members of the United
States House of Representatives of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress, from the State of Minnesota; and by an official can-
vass of said votes was, on the 17th day of December, 1857,
declared duly elected one of said membeis.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand, and
f Great Seal l cau&ed to be affixed the great seal ofMm-
< of > nesota, at the city of St. Paul, this 18th day
(Minnesota.) of December, 1857. g MEDARY
The certificate of James M. Cavanaugh, which
was read, was in the same terms.
Mr. PHILLIPS took the floor, but yielded to
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I object to the
swearing in of the persons named in those creden-
tials; and I will submit the reasons why I object.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I have not yielded the floor,
and it was my purpose to call for the previous
question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask whether, in view
of the facts in this case, these credentials ought not
to be referred to the Committee of Elections?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moves that the oath be administered to
the members elect from Minnesota, and on that
motion he calls for the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I thought I had
the floor before the previous question was called.
I only desire to state my reasons for objecting. I
do not wish to discuss the question atanylength.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania retained the floor.
Mr, SHERMAN, of Ohio. I hope the previous
question will not be seconded, in order that I may
submit my reasons for objecting to the swearing
in of these alleged members.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The Senators from Minne-
sota have been sworn in, and I do not see why
the State should be longer withheld from repre-
sentation here. I will yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio if lie will renew the call for the
previous question when he has concluded his re-
marks.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I seldom call for
the previous question; and in this case I do not
care to call it. I hope the House will vote down
the previous question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, and take my chance of getting
it again.
Mr. REAGAN and Mr. SHERMAN took the
floor at the same time.
The SPEAKER recognized Mr. Sherman.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Speaker, if I am entitled
to the floor, I wish to call for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has yielded the floor to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. REAGAN. Had he a right to do so?
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question was withdrawn; and then the gentleman
from Pennsylvania yielded tho floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio to state his objections.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, we
know from the constitution of Minnesota—which
ih now a part of the records of the country, the
State having been admitted under it—that it pro-
vides for the election of three members by general
