46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[October 15,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the Army cases, death must not only have re-
sulted from the same causes, but such causes must
have originated in time of war. On the other hand;
the death of the Navy officer must have occurred
in the service, while, as to the Army claimant, it
is immaterial whether the death occurred in or
out of the service. Again, as to the duration of
half-pay pensions: Army pensions to widows are
for the term of five years, renewable for a second
term of five years. If terminated by marriage,
Uie right thereto is revived by subsequent widow-
hoocj. Navy pensions to widows are during life
or widowhood; and if terminated by marriage,
are not renewable upon recurrence of widowhood.
These discriminations are obviously unjust,
and ou^ht to be removed; and the pension system
so modified as to make equal provision for the
officers and men of both arms of the service, (hav-
ing proper regard to their lelative rank,) and for
their widows and orphans.
I would also particularly invite your attention
to the insufficiency of the lower grades of pension
to afford, what was doubtless the benevolent inten-
tion of Congress, the means of support. It cannot
be supposed, for example, that $3 50 per month
would support either an invalid totally disabled,
or a widow; especially should she have, as is often
tin.4 case, helpless children depending upon her;
and as disability is the meritorious ground of
claim upon the country for assistance, the relief
afforded should commence and end with the dis-
ability, and be subject to corresponding muta-
tions, and be increased or diminished accordingly;
but no person holding a Federal office, or in the
receipt of a regular salary, should be allowed at
the same time to draw pension as an invalid; nor
should any officer, &e., of the Army or Navy be
permitted to draw a pension whilst m the service
and in the receipt of pay equal to that of the rank
held at the time of becoming disabled.
bounty land.
The several acts ol Congress granting bounty
lands to certain of the officers and soldiers of the
Revolution, of the wan of 1812, the war With
Mexico, and the various Indian wars §ince 1790,
which were passed prior to that of 3d March , 1855,
had then been so nearly executed that it seems
useless longer to recapitulate the annual operations
of the office under them.
On the 30tli tfcptcmhfT, UTifi, ihe number of bounty land
elain^on the tilen, under tlieuctoi 3d Muroh, 1835, which
had been examined and Mis-pcmlcd, ami were awaiting
iUplaihUiun in additional evident«\ and, theiefoie, con-
stantly liable to he culled up for reexamination with a
view to their adim^ion, or to answer imjmnes lelaung
thereto, was      io
The number then in the oilier, or in the various
officer when* the rolls are kept, and wlneh had
never been examined, was  •11,4-19
The number of claims icemved at the office. ic^is
teied and referred dm in* the year ending 30th
Septembci, ttS7, was  23,000
Making the whole immbet of claims before the of-
fice duimg theia&tyeai    108,7K9
During the year 41,483 warrants havo been is-
sued, requiring to satisfy them 5,952,]GO acres of
the public domain, as follows:
2£>,311 warrantor lf>0 acres each, tetjuiring -1,090,240 acres.
7,.'>'()•! " u 1*50 " « H7< ,'W0 "•
4,764 " « HO t( « « yKL.ldO "
13 « - oi) « '< " ,K) «
87'  * 40 <  «  < 3, ISO "
3
WJ
300
41.4W
r .<r 2,l(>0aere*
The number of claims on the suspended files on
fhe 30th of September last, was 59,190; so that,
at that time, the whole number of chums in the
different offices where the rolls are kept, and those
undergoing some of the various processes in this
office prior to final action, was ft,llG.
The quantity of land granted under operation
of all the bounty land laws of the United Status,
to the 30th September lust, is as follows;
revolutionary war.
wan ant- to the commissioned officers of the conti-
ij.-nial line- of the revolution.uy army, toi quanti-
ties \amu<i nom J,"50 to 1,100 aercs, and bem , in
t!ir a^ie^ate  828,o2t) acies.
12.G30 \\dtKino> to thenon-commzsMoned
ofheeiN, bee , of the tevolutionaiy
war, for 100 acres each, making., 1,1^00,600 "
War 0/1812.
28,069 warrants to the non-commissioned
officers, &c., for 160 acrcs each,
making    4,491,040 "
1 warrant under a special act, for.. 480 "
1,102 warrants undei the act of Decem-
ber 10, 1814, for double bounty, or
320 acres each, making  352,640 "
276 warrants to commissioned and non-
commissioned Canadian officers,
for, in all  75,792 "
Mexican War.
80,181 warrants to non-commissioned of-
ficers, &c., for 160 acres each,
making  12,828,960 "
7,534 warrants for 40 acrevS each, making 301,360 "
Under actQSth September, 1850, and
amendatory actofQUd March, 1852.
200,973 warrants of all denominations, call-
ing for the aggregate quantity of.. 13,848,880 "
Under act of 3d March, 1855, and
amendatory act of 14th May, 1856.
214,394 warrants, covering, in the aggre-
gate r... 26,710,670 "
Making the entire quantity of pub-
lic land donated by the United
States for military service  60,704,942
During the past year ten persons have been
convicted, and are now undergoing punishment,
for the presentation to this office of false and
forged bounty land claims, for the purpose of de-
frauding- the United States. Others are under
indictments yet pending; and there arc several
others against whom the evidence of guilt was so
conclusive that steps have been taken for then-
arrest. The quantity of land involved in these
fraudulent applications is about sixty-three thou-
sand acres, all of which will doubtless be saved to
the Government by the timely entry of caveats
against the issuing of patents in cases where war-
rants had issued before the frauds were discovered.
But while the office has been fortunate enough in
most cases fo detect the fraud in time to prevent
loss to the United States, it has not always been
able to do so in time to institute the proper judi-
cial proceedings within the period of two years
fixed by the statute of limitation. If any change
in the statute of limitations, in respect to frauds
or offenses generally, be repugnant to justice or
sound policy, it is, nevertheless, respectfully sug-
gested whether the ease with which frauds may
be perpetrated against this office, and the difficulty
attending the collection of the proofs, should not
constitute an exception to the general policy.
There is another class of frauds, but for which,
it has been decided in the United States circuit
court in the State of Ohio, punishment cannot be
inflicted under existing laws, viz: the imitation
or counterfeiting of bounty-land warrants or cer-
tificates. The office is aware of lecent attempts
to renew this kind of imposition, but to what
extent, or with what success, is not known. The
attention of Congress was invited to this subject
by your immediate predecessor; but no remedy
for the evil having been provided, it is thus brought
to your notice for such further action as you may
deem necessary and proper.
The labors of the office under this head during
the past year do not compare favorably with those
of the preceding year, if we look alone at the
number of bounty land claims received and war-
rants issued. It should, however, be borne in
mind that the reexamination of suspended claims
involves greater care and more patient investiga-
tion than original or now claims do; that with the
lapse of time since the passage of the act, the
: impatience of parties to learn the fate of their
| claims increases the number of inquiries to be
| answered by letter and otherwise; that a consid-
! crablo portion of the clerical fmcu of the office is
j now engaged in reexamining and corrcctmg the
' old temporary registers, and in the preparation
of new and permanent ones; and that, withal, the
number of clerks employed was reduced during
the first six months of the year from one hundred
and thirty-five to eighty-seven, and the expendi-
tures on account of cleik hire from §195,640 to
$129,240, besides mateiial reductions m the con-
tingent expenses.
The business of the office is generally as nearly
up to date in its various branches as its nature
will permit.
I cannot, with justice, close this report without
bearing willing testimony to the fidelity and zeal
manifested by the officers connected with this
bureau, in the discharge of their various duties.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant, GEO. C. WHITING,
Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior,
Report of tlic Commissioner of Public
Buildings.
Office Commissioner Public Buildings,
October 15, 1857.
Sir : I am required by the fifteenth section of
the civil and diplomatic act approved August 4,
1854, to report to you annually the operations of
this office, and the manner of applying the ap-
propriations to be disbursed under its direction,
in time to accompany the President's message to
Congress, and I now respectfully proceed to dis-
charge this duty.
In addition to the usual annual repairs of the
Capitol, I have been obliged to repair the heavy
damage it sustained from the great hail-storm that
occurred on the 21st of June. Every skylight in
the building was broken, not only the exterior,
but the costly interior glass; and the copper roof
was materially injured. The roof also unavoid-
ably suffers much damage from the work going
on in rebuilding the dome, but by carefully watch-
ing it, and making repairs as soon as needed, I
think it can be preserved from leaking. I have
also caused such portions of the wood and iron
work about the Capitol as was likely to be in-
jured from exposure to the weather to be re-
painted. The chandeliers in the Senate Chamber
and Hall of Representatives, which had become
much defaced and out of order from long use,
have been thoroughly repaired and renovated, and
all the gas fittings throughout the building are
now in good condition. The annoyance occa-
sioned by the frost in the winter and spring of
1856, in frequently preventing half the lamps from
burning, induced me to send an agent last fall to
the northern cities to inquire into the manner of
lighting, and the means of preventing the trou-
bles which were the source of so much complaint
in this city. His inquiries resulted m the ascer-
tainment of much interesting and useful informa-
tion in regard to the whole subject of gas light-
ing. He was enabled to apply an effectual remedy
to the evils of which we complained, and ever
since there has been no interruption to the lights
from the effects of frost. The roof of the Pres-
ident's house has also suffered much damage
from the hail-storm. The copper was perforated
in many places, and the joints generallyloosened.
The consequence was, the roof had to be over-
hauled, thoroughly repaired, and painted. This
involved a considerable expenditure, which was
not taken into account in
preparing my estimate
for the usual annual repairs of the house and
grounds.
Thegreen-housesin the President'.-?garden were
likewise very much damaged by the hail: more
than five thousand panes of glass were destroyed.
The ceiling of the east room and the wood-
work of the principal stories have been appro-
priately painted. Many other improvements have
been made in and about the building, which were
absolutely necessai y, and with which it would not
be proper to lumber this report. I will, however,
mention that a ventilating flue was built from the.
basement to the upper story, which has evidently
p/oduced a great improvement in the atmosphere
of the house, which before was pent up and damp
whenever the windows were closed for a few
hours.
The new stable for the President's house has
been erected, and is ready for use. A conserv-
atory has been built on the west terrace, and is
so near completion that in a few days the plants
may be transferred to it. The President's house,
as is well known, is in a very unhealthy location,
itsmmatesare subject tointermittcnt fever, which
of late years has proved obstinate and difficult of
cure. I he knowledge of this fact lias frequently
elicited the suggestion that a country residence,
convenient to the city, ought to be provided for
the 1 resident, where he could take up his abode
during the sickly months of summer and fall.
A new building m some other part of the city
