1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2109
ticket. The ninth section of the schedule is in
these words:
" For the purposes of the first election, the State sliall
constitute one dirftnct,and shall elect three memberst'o the
Jiouse ot Representatives of the United States."
I desire to know, then, where are the creden-
tials of the third member? Are they here? and if
so, are they in the same terms as those which
have just been read? I would like the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to answer my question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will say that those are the
only credentials which I have ever seen.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If those are the
only persons elected from the State of Minnesota,
it is clear that they have not been elccted in pur-
suance of the constitution of Minnesota, and nave
no right to represent that State here; for that con-
stitution provides for the election of three mem-
bers by joint ticket, and those two gentlemen can-
notappearhere with separate certificates claiming
to hold their election under that provision of that
constitution.
There is another ground of objection. These
certificates are signed by Samuel Mcdary. Is he
the Governor of the State of Minnesota? You
will see from the particular manner in which these
credentials are drawn up that this question is
avoided. He signs himself Governor of Minne-
sota; whether the Territory of Minnesota or the
State of Minnesota he does not say. We know
that he is not Governor of the State of Minnesota.
We know that he was appointed Governor of the
Territory of Minnesota. Now, Mr. Speaker, by
another provision of this same constitution, the
term of the Governor of the State of Minuesota
did not commence until after Congress had admit-
ted Minnesota into the Union. I will read it:
" Sec. 7. Th<> term of each of the executive officers named
in this article shall commence vpon taking the oath of officc
after the State shall be admitted by Congress into the Union,
and continue until the first Monday iu January, l£t>0, (ex-
cept the auditoi. who shall continue in office until the first
Monday in January, 1861.) and until their successors shall
have been dul> elected and qualified."
Therefore the term of the Governor commences
after Congress shall have admitted Minnesota into
the Union as a State; and the only mode by which
we can judge of the election of a member of Con-
gress is by the certificate of the executive officer
of the State, under the seal of the State. Samuel
Medary,sir, is not Governor of the State of Min-
nesota; on th? contrary, the term of the first Gov-
ernor commences after Congress shall have ad-
mitted this State into the Union. Minnesota was
admitted but the other day, and who is Governor
of the State is a contested question, not yet de-
termined.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my friend allow me to
correct him ?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. When the gentleman says
that nobody can certify but under the seal of a
State that a person is elected to Congress, he is
mistaken. In my own State, the sheriffs meet,
compare the polls, and give the certificates, trans-
mitting one copy here, and giving the other to
the member elect. The Governor has nothing to
do with it.
Mr. SHERMAN", of Ohio. There is one point
which my friend from Virginia will not deny,
and that is, that the credentials of a member elect
must be certified from some officer of the State
government pointed out by the constitution or jaw
of the State. Not only that, we know as a matter
of history, and we know from the official records
of the Government, that Samuel Medary, whose
name is affixed to these credendials, is postmas-
ter at Columbus, Ohio, and is a resident of that
Slate now. So, then, these gentlemen come here
with credentials signed by a resident and office-
holder in Columbus, Ohio, who has no connection
with the government of Minnesota; and with such
credentials, they ask to be sworn in as members
of Congress.
If any persons are entitled to seats here as mem-
bers of Congress from Minnesota, they are those
three who, under the constitution of that State,
were elected on joint ticket. There are no cre-
dentials, no papers, showing that three persons
were elected members. And, sir, I do not know
by what power, by what authority, or ill what
lottery or scheme of chance, these two particular I
persons were selected out of the three voted for.
Where is the other man? Who is her Blow J
many votes did he get? How many did each
of these get? Why are these credentials drawn
up in this singular and disingenuous language ?
Why is a certificate given to each of these mem-
bers, when they were elected by joint ticket, if
they were elected at all?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will answer the gentleman.
When the members elect came here from the State
of California, theycame, although elected on joint
tickets, with separate certificates. They came
here, and their credentials were presented exactly
as these from Minnesota are presented to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The difficulty did
not occur in California, because she elected but
two members, to which number she was entitled
under the law. Here the State of Minnesota elect-
ed three members, when she was only entitled to
two.
Mr. PHELPS. These members from the State
of Minnesota have been elected on joint ticket. I
need only refer the gentleman from Ohio, to re-
lieve him of his objection, to the eases in the
Twenty-Eighth and Twenty-Ninth Congresses.
My first election to Congress from Missouri was
under the joint-ticket system; and yet my certifi-
cate was issued to me separately. I was elected
by the duly qualified voters of the State of Mis-
souri. In the preceding Congress the question of
the power of Congress to piovide for the election
of members to this House, by the States, by sep-
arate districts, was discussed, and was decided
by the House adverse to the principles of that
law.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I know that there
are many instances where, in violation of law,
members have been elected by joint ticket, but i
know of no case where more members have been
elected than the State was entitled to.
Mr. REAGAN. AVhat is the question before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. Shall the members elect,
whose credentials have been read, be sworn in as
members of this House from the State of Min-
nesota ?
Mr. REAGAN. I did not know that that ques-
tion was directly before us.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will follow the
precedent, which he thinks is a correct one, which
was set in the case of the California members.
The Chair did not undertake then to decide that
the members should be sworn in when they pre-
sented themselves, inasmuch as the Constitution
of the United States provides that each House
shall be the judge of the election, returns, and
qualifications of its own members. The Chair
then referred the question to the House to let it de-
cide whether the members purporting to be elected
should be sworn in or not. Therefore the Chair
now entertains the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips] as a proper one,
which refers the question to the House to decide
whether they should or should not be sworn in.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. In my judgment,
Minnesota, under the enabling act of Congress, is
entitled to but one Representative in this House;
and, I believe that, as yet, no Representative has
been legally elected. Under the law which was
recently passed, she is entitled to two Represent-
atives; but these two Representatives have not
been elected at all. It is no hardship to require
the State of Minnesota to elect now two Repre-
sentatives by separate districts in accordance with
the law. I again ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania by what arrangement, chance, or lottery,
was it that these two men were selected out of the
three ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not know the fact that
the gentleman assumes in his question, and con-
sequently I cannot answer it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Does not the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania know that the people
of Minnesota voted for three members of Con-
gress by general ticket'
Mr. PHILLIPS. I have so heard; but I have
never seen any credentials except those which I
have presented to the House.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man if he does not know from the constitution it-
self, for which he voted, that three members have
been elected to this House by the people of Min-
nesota, and I desire to know by what chance,
scheme, or lottery, these two were selected out of
the three ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me to remind him, that by the act admitting
Minnesota, this House has laid down its own
rule, to wit: that two members shall be admitted,
and it is a matter for the House to decide which
two shall be admitted?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Virginia how he would select
these two. Three were elected. By what mode
do you propose we shall exclude one and admit
the others ? I desire to know whether the gentle-
man will vote for Messrs. Cavanaugh and Phelps,
or for the other, Mr. Becker, who, I am told, re-
ceived the highest number of votes?
If this House is to elect members for the State
of Minnesota, let the names of the three gentlemen
be sent to the Clerk's desk, and let us all have a
chance of voting by ballot which of the three shall
have the seats. We can then determine whether
the members of Congress from the new State of
Minnesota shall be elected by lottery, by chance,
by the members of this House, or by the people
of Minnesota. Three members of Congress, if
any, have been elected by the people of Minne-
sota, and we have no right to say which of the
three shall hold the seats; nor have they a right
to say which of their own number shall hold the
seats. They have no right, by tossing up a cop-
per, or by any other mode of chance or lottery, to
say which two out of the thuee shall hold the
seats. I think that, under the circumstances, nei-
ther of these gentlemen ought to be sworn. There
is no doubt that at the October election two gen-
tlemen will be elected in separate districts to rep-
resent Minnesota, and will come here on the first
day of the next session. Until then Minnesota
has no Representatives in Congress. I move that
the credentials be referred to the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. REAGAN. I move the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me, I have prepared a resolution which
; I think will accomplish the purpose he has in
i view.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the certificate and credentials of W. W.
Phelps and James M. Cavanauqh, claiming seats as mem-
beis of this flou^e from the State of Minnesota, he referred
to the Committee of Elections, with instructions to inquire
into and ropoit upon the light of those centlomen to be ad-
mitted and sworn as members of this House.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. That is the sub-
stance of my motion, and I accept it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Texas to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question. I should like to say a few words.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. Is the order, assigning this day to ter-
ritorial business, superseded by this application?
The SPEAKER. This is a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But the order is a
special order.
The SPEAKER. The special order would take
precedence of a privileged question, but this is a
question of privilege.
Mr. REAGAN. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. PHILLIPS obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether the resolution of the gentleman from
Virginia proposes to refer these credentials to the
Committee of Elections after these gentlemen
have been sworn m ?
[Cries of " No!" "No!" and laughter from the
Republican side of the House.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is what it
ought to be.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, if the gentle-
man from Ohio had manifested any desire for the
admission of Minnesota into the Union, why,
then, we mi^ht give him credit for thus seeking
to keep her Representatives out of their seats; but
opposed as the gentleman has been to the admis-
sion of Minnesota, I think it is not right or fair
for him now, when Minnesota has been, by a
large vote of this House, declared to be in a fit
condition for admission, and by the concurrent
vote of the Senate, and the approval of the Pres-
ident, has been admitted into the Union, to en-
deavor to keep the State without representation,
when she presents herself here, through her
chosen Representatives, in the same condition in
which each one of us presented ourselves here.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania answer me one question? I desire
it to govern my vote. I wish to know of the gen-
