48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[October 15,
35th Cong...-1st Sess.
Report of the Co7ninissioner of Public Buildings.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
quence has been, they are now in such bad con-
dition that it is with^the utmost difficulty they
can be traveled. It is due to the public who travel
across the bridge that these roads should be re-
paired by some authority or other. My own
opinion is, that they should be placed under the
control of the levy court, which has jurisdiction
over all the other highways of the county. It
would not be just, though, to saddle the county
with themintheirpresentcondition; and I would,
therefore, respectfully recommend that an appro-
priation be made sufficient to put them in first rate
order, which shall be paid to the levy court on
condition that the court agree to take charge of
them, and forever keep them in repair.
The Anacostia bridge is in good condition. The
usual annual repairs will, without an accident,
preserve it sound for many years.
The grading of Judiciary square has progressed
as far as was contemplated by the appropriation
for that purpose, but much still remains to be
done before the grading is completed. I, how-
ever, think the work, preparatory to ornamenting
the square, has proceeded to such an extent that
duo notice ought now to be given the Corporation
of Washington to remove the school-house stand-
ing upon it, and I the more incline to this opin-
ion as opportunity ought to be afforded for the
erection of another building for the accommoda-
tion of the school before it is deprived of the use
of the one now in its occupancy.
Eighty-one lamps have been set up in George-
town, and are now regularly lighted with the
other lamps of the town. They give great satis-
faction, and are duly appreciated as an evidence
of the kind interest which the Government takes
in (lie town. The appropriation was not suffi-
ciently large to allow of as many lamps being put
up as would fully light the streets. Thirty lamps
more would accomplish that object, which will
cost #K1(), ail complete. It is no fault of mine
that the appropriation was not huge enough, as
I was not e;illed upon for an estimate. The in-
formation was derived from other sources, usually
very reliable, but in thi* instance incorrect. 1
carefully regarded in my expenditures the re-
striction of the proviso to the clause making the
appropriation. The lamp-posts and lamps cost
considerably less than those on Pennsylvania
avenue, and I pay the same price for the gas con-
sumed by them.
The west wing of the Patent Office building,
with the < xception of the saloon, which will soon
h<> finished, haw been completed, and is nowocui-
pied. The portico has also been erected, (t
ailoids nre pleasure to aNStireyou that the whole
work of this wing has been constructed in the
most substantial and satisfactory manner, and
that great credit is due to Mr. Clark, the archi-
tect, for the intelligent and vigilant superintend-
ence he has exercised over it. in oider to over-
come, in some measure, the great depression in
the square at the corner of V and Ninth streets,
it will bo necessary, in laying the pavement on
]Nriulh street, to set the curb as high as possible,
consistent with the proper grade of the street.
This will devolve upon us the necessity of filling
up Ninth street at least two feet, which will not,
however, raise it above the established grade.
Oontiacls have been made for the granite and
marble work of the north iront of the building.
The sub-basement has been set, and workmen
aic now engaged in preparing the granite and
marble, so as to be ready to take advantage of the
eailiest opening of spring to press forward the
building. We hope, at the close of the next ses-
sion, to make a handsome show of the amount
of work that lias been done.
The floods occasioned by the heavy rains of the
past summer have proved that the plan adopted
for the protection of the botanic garden against
the violence of Tiber creek was ineffectual. The
walls of the eteek having been laid dry on foun-
dation# not sufficiently d*ep arid solid, the water
percolated them, and, washing out the earth fiom
behind and beneath them, they were in many
places thrown down. The work ought to be re-
constructed on a timber foundation similar to that
tinder the cuiveit across Indiana avenue, which
should extend from Pennsylvania avenue to the
canal, and, instead of dry walls, they should be
laid in full cement. The plan I most approve
would be to raise the walls two feet above high
water mark, from which a very fiat slope, well
sodded, should extend to the general surface of
the grounds. This plan would afford a larger
bed for the stream when swollen, diminish its
forcc, and lessen the chances of its doing mis-
chief, and it would unquestionably present a much
more elegant appearance than the present one.
I beg leave to renew the recommendations con-
tained in my last report for the improvement of
Franklin square, of the triangular spaccs formed
by the intersection of New York and Massachu-
setts avenues and Tenth and Twelfth streets,
of the triangular spaces on Pennsylvania avenue
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets, and
of the space on the south side of Pennsylva-
nia avenue between Twentieth and Twenty-first
streets; the grading of North Capitol street, of
Sixteenth street west, and of Delaware avenue;
the removal of the naval monument from the Cap-
itol grounds; the purchase of a lot, and the erec-
tion ofahouseforthe keeper of the upper Eastern
Branch bridge, and the reorganization of this of-
fice.
East Capitol street is directly in front of the
center building of the Capitol, and in stepping on
the portico it"immediately arrests attention. It
should be graded and graveled. This improve-
ment is not only required for public convenience,
but is necessary to give the Capitol proper effect
in approaching it from that direction, and to pre-
sent a fine vista in looking out fiom its mam por-
tico.
Boundary street extends from Rock creek to
the Anacostia, around the entire northern portion
of the city. The remaindcrof the city is bounded
by water courses. All of the large avenues run
out to Boundary street, with the exception of
Pennsylvania and Virginia avenues. It is skirted
nearly its whole length by beautiful groves of
forest trees, and if opened and graveled, would
make a pleasant ride around the city, which is at
piesent very much wanted.
As it was doubtless intended for the benefit of
all residents and sojourners in the city, and cannot
be of any special advantage to those who live in
its immediate vicinity, it would seem that Bound-
ary street is one of those that present peculiar
claims to the favoiable consideration and liberal-
ity of the Government.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
decided that the fee simple to all the avenues and
stieets in the city is in the Government. The ag-
gregate length of the stieets is one hundred and
ninety-nine miles, and of the avenues sixty-five
miles. The city has taken upon itself to open
and grade the streets under authority given to it by
the Government, but is unwilling to do anything
to the avenues, unless absolutely necessary for
public convenience, and Congress will not make
provision for them. This unwillingness proceeds
from a want of ample means, and a strong con-
viction that the Government is bound in justice,
as its share, to constiuct the avenues. Most of
the streets have been opened and graded, and the
work is prosecuted as fast as the revenue of the
city will justify, but still it lags far behind the
march of the improvements.
Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, Penn-
sylvania, and Maryland, are the only important
avenues that have been opened and graded, and
they only partially so.
The grand jury having repeatedly condemned
the jail as unsafe and m all respects unstated for
the purposes of a prison, the Interior Department
was called upon by the Senate for estimates and
a plan for such a budding as would meet the de-
mands of the public. A plan was accordingly
prepared with great care and submitted at the
last session of Congress. The estimated cost of
erecting the building was $150,000. There was,
however, no definite action had upon the subject.
The presentjail is situated on Judiciary square,
in the very heart of the city, which is certainly
a most improper location for a prison.
The judges of the several courts of this District,
and the members of the bar, addressed a commu-
nication to your predecessor setting forth the great
want of suitable accommodations for the criminal
court and the important records of the clerk's of-
fice, and earnestly requesting him to bring the
matter to the attention of Congress. Then* re-
quest was complied with, and a plan was pre-
pared for the extension of the court-house portion
of the City Hall in harmony with the general plan
of the building, the cost of which, including fur-
niture, heating apparatus, inclosure, &c., was
estimated at ยง30,000.
The orphan's court and the office of register
of wills occupy very contracted and inadequate
rooms in the city's portion of the same building.
If the extension of the building should be made,
which I think is very necessary, suitable pro-
vision can be made in it for the accommodation
of the orphan's court and register of wills.
I ask your attention to the fifteenth section of
the city charter, approved May 15,1820, and the
twelfth section of the amended charter, approved
May 17,1848. You will perceive that they require
of me to make certain improvements, and to pay
the expense of the same out of the proceeds of
the sales of city lots belonging to the Government.
All the Government lots that could command a
purchaser have been sold. The few remaining
lots are so situated that they would not bring
their very low assessed nominal value. I could
not, when recently offered at public sale, obtain
a purchaser for them at any price.
The improvements provided for in the sections
to which i have asked your attention are indis-
pensable, and as the source from which the means
to pay for them were to flow has dried up, it
strikes me that there is no alternative but for the
Government to make a small annual appropria-
tion for the purpose.
The great nuisance heretofore complained of as
occasioned by the Center market-house, has in
some respects been mitigated. Commodious sheds
have been erected in the rear of the market-house,
on Canal street, for the accommodation of vend-
ers, and consequently, the misshapen shanties
which used to disfigure Pennsylvania avenue have
been removed. Wagons and other vehicles which
attend market, are no longer permitted to occupy
and obstruct the avenue, andit is now free of the
litter they produce, which, for a series of years,
had been complained of as an abominable nui-
sance. But the old white-washed, moss-covered
market-house still remains to mar the beauty of
the avenue, and to excite the wonder of strangers
that such an unsightly building should be per-
mitted to occupy so conspicuous a position. Un-
less the corporation shall soon make provision to
have it taken down, and to erectm its stead some
more appropriate and imposing building, the Gov-
ernment ought, in my opinion, to resume control
of the reservation, and not suffer it any longer to
be occupied as a market-place.
The time is at hand when the work of extend-
ing the Capitol grounds ought to be commenced.
The extent to which they should be enlarged is a
niatter for Congress to determine, and, therefore,
it does not become me to express any preference
between the various plans that have been sug-
gested. I may, however, be permitted to express
a hope that some plan will be adopted in the early
part of the approaching session, and an appro-
priation made to carry it out, so that the work
may be commenced as soon as the spring opens.
It is well known that great numbers of strangers
are attracted to this city in pursuit of different
objects. Many of them are taken sick, and not
a few are destitute of the means of procuring the
necessaries of life and medical treatment. It
would be unjust for the city to be saddled with
the expense of taking care of this class of persons.
To provide for its own destitute sick is as much
as can be expected of it. Congress, actuated by
a humane and benevolent spirit, annually makes
an appropriation for the admission of eighteen
sick non-resident paupers in the Washington In-
firmary, where they are well provided with every
necessary comfort, good nurses and skillful phy-
sicians. It will be perceived, on reference to the
reportofthe resident physician, hereto appended,
that during the year ending the 30th of J une last,
one hundred and nineteen patients were medically
treated in this institution on the charity of the
Government, of which number eighty-nine were
discharged as cured or improved, only eleven died,
and nineteen still remained under tieatment. It is
useless to make any comments upon this repoit.
It tells for itself of the great amount of human
suffering relieved and of human life preserved.
