1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
108?
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and is
hei eby, requested to furnish for the information of the Sen-
ate, a statement of the progress of the report of Major W.
II. Emory, on the United States and Mexican boundaiy
survey, together with the cost of engraving the maps, views,
sections, &c., pertaining to this report, specifying the sev-
eral classes of maps and lustrations, and the number in
each class, and where those maps and illustrations are being
executed, and by what authority, and who are now engaged
up">u the preparation ol matenals tor the continuation of
this icport, how many volumes it will require to complete
the work, at what tunc the compilation will be complete
and prepared for delivery to the Public Printer, and an esti-
mate or the approximate cost of publishing the enure woik,
if if be within hn power, as ordered by the Senate and
House of Representatives.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
192) to provide for the general introduction of an
international code of marine signals; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
197) providing for the arrest and return of fugi-
tives from justice in the District of Columbia;
which was "read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 41) for the relief of Manuel Leisa, Jo-
achim Leisa, and others, and to provide for the
location of certain private land claims, reported
it with an amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of A.
S. II. White, reported a bill (S. No. 195) for the
relief of Ashton S. H. White; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of A. Waterhouse and
others, reported a bill (S. No. 193) authorizing
the issuing of certain bounty land warrants to the
legal representatives of deceased persons entitled
thereto; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of James Bawden, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 194) for the relief of James
Bawdcn; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr DURKEE,from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of the Domestic and Foreign Missionary So-
ciety of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the
United States, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 196) authorizing the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in the United States to enter a
certain tract of land in the State of Wisconsin.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
JOHN HAMILTON.
Mr. WILSON. 1 am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to report back to the Sen-
ate, with a recommendation that it pass, the bill ,
from the House of Representatives (EI. 11. No. 8) !
for the relief of John Hamilton. 1 should like to •
have the bill considered, ami put on Us passage
at once. I
The Senate, ns m Committee of the Whole, '
proceeded to consider the hid It directs the Sec- j
retary of the Treasury to pay $*00, with interest <
from the 1st of June, 1852, to John Hamilton, of j
Champaign county, Ohio, in full compensation
fur lua tune, services, &.C., during his imprison- ;
ment with the Indians in the war of 1812 with |
Great Britain. ;
The bill was leported to the Senate; ordeted to j
a thud leading, read the third time, and passed. j
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. !
A message was received from the House of ;
Representatives, by Mr. Au,j.nt, its Clerk, an- ,
nounomg that the House had passed the Senate ,
j'unt resolution tu authorize cuitum olliccii and
men engaged in the search for Sir John Franklin
; to receive ccrtain medals presented to them by the
Government of Great Britain.
NAVAL COURTS OF INQUIRY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the joint resolution (S.No. 4) to extend
the operation of the act approved January 16,
1857, entitled <c An act to amend an act entitled
i An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy.'99
"Except os to any ca^e pending, undetermined, before
any court of inquiry under the act of,the 17th of January,
1857, at the expnauon theieof."'
The Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate
reported back the amendment of the House of
Representatives, with an amendment to strike out
" 17th"and insert " 16th," which was agreed to;
and the pending question is on the following
amendment, offered by Mr. Fe&senden, to add
to the House amendment:
And excepting, also, the case of any officer who was ab-
sent from the country at the tune of the passage of said act,
and had not returned* previous to the 16th of January, 3858,
and any such officer *hall be entitled to ail the privileges
conferred by said act: Provided, He applies for the benefit
thereof at any time within s>ixty days after hid return.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi, who is now absent, [Mr. Da>is,]
gave notice of an amendment; but it has not been
offered.
Mr. STUART. I would inquire if there was
not also an amendment proposed to change the
date from the 17th to the 16th of January?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was agreed
to. But the absent Senator from Mississippi gave
notice of his intention to offer an amendment,
which will be read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the resolution
and amendment lie on the table informally.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to make a motion in reference ;
to the business of the committee of which I am j
chairman. We have a large accumulation of busi- j
ness m the Committee on Private Land Claims, I
but have not sufficient help to dispose of it. We j
have now sent to us all tine private land claims >
from New Mexico. I have the consent of the i
Senatorfrom Missouri [Mr.Poiat] to move thatlie
be added to that committee. He is familiar with
that class of business, and his services would be
exceedingly valuable to us. I hope there will be
no objection to his being added to that committee.
I make that motion.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no serious objection
to the passage of the motion of the Senator from
Louisiana, with an amendment. The Senator
from Missouri is upon the Committee on Claims,
of which I have the honor to be chairman, and
that committee is piobablv the most laborious
committee of the Senate. It has a vast number
of cases to examine, some of them of a very com-
plicated character; and I understand the Senator
from Missouri is also upon another committee
already. If we now put him on the Committee
on Private Land Claims, which is also a very labo-
rious committee, it will detach him from the ser-
vice of the other committees of which he is a mem-
ber. I have no objection to letting him go on the
Committee on PnvateLand Claims, provided the
Senate will give the Committee on Claims another
member. We have now but five; and I move to
amend the motion of the Senator from Louisiana,
so hs fo add .mother member to the Committee
on Claims, to be appointed by the Chair.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER I would inquire if we can
add to our committees without changing the fixed
rule which provides the number of which each
committee shall consist? Can this rule be alteied
on a meie motioi
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would
xsrest to the Sen-
ator from Vermont that this is not a proposition
for a permanent increase of the number of the
members who constitute the Committee on Private
Land Claims. This motion, if acceded to by the
Senate, will e\-,,ire by its own -imitation on tie1
termination of tin* piesen? rosier.. It do. s not
change oui ru!-\ It merely gives a temporary ad-
ditional foiee a commie- wltK'h n o\> i -.h?vgt'd
v. nh bu;;:ncj-:. I do notch ml: wo arc clui'igins: the
permanent rule, or affecting it. I do not propose
to make any change in the rule which says the
Committee on Private Land Claims shall be com-
posed of a certain number of members; but simply
that, for the time being, the Senator from Mis-
souri, who is willing to giveushis assistance, be
added by the Senate to the committee. It is not a
change of the rule at all, that I propose.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman is more
astute, probably, in legal discriminations than I
am, but I cannot understand why the addition to
a committee does not change the rule. That the
addition is to be but temporary, does not remove
my objection. It is, for the time being, pro hae
vice, a change of the rule. I take it, if we have
a committee composed of five, and we make it
six, and that man vote in commute, he determines
the report. If, by his casting vote, he determine
the report, it makes it a different committee for
the time being, and, consequently,a different rule
for the time being. I ask for the decision of the
Chair whether this is not, in effect and practi-
cally, a change of the rule? and whether this
change can be made in this manner?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, upon
reference to the rules, thinks the point taken by
the Senator from Vermont is well taken.
Mr. BIGGS. I suppose, however, it can be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. COLLAMER. But I do not consent to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Georgia to say his com-
mittee was composed of but five members.
Mr. IVERSON. That is under the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides,
then, that both of these motions are out of order,
objection being made.
Mr. IVERSON. If I am in order, I should like
to move to add another member to the Committee
on Claims. I am satisfied, from my experience
on it, that we have not enough.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
give notice of a motion to change the rules in that
respect.
Mr. IVERSON". I give notice, then, of my in-
tention to move to change the rules to-morrow in
that respect.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. GREEN. As there seems to be nothing
of pressing importance before the Senate, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 161) for the admission of the State
of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. STUART. 1 am entirely willing that the
Senate shall proceed to the consideration of that
bill if my colleague is ready to proceed with his
remarks on it.
Mr. GREEN. He is ready. I consulted him
on the subject.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it was
not my intention originally to participate in the
debate on the Lecompton constitution. I had in-
tended to leave the subject to older and abler and
more experienced colleagues; but the occasion
seems to me to be so great, and the consequcnccs
which may result from our decision so dangerous,
that I cannot permit this bill to pass without, at
least, entering my protest against it. I shall
oppose this bill for the following reasons: First,
because the whole matter was conceived and exe-
cuted in fraud; second, because this constitution
does not emanate from the people of Kansas Ter-
ritory, or express their will; third, because it is
one of a series of aggressions on the pait of the
slave power, which, if permitted to be consum-
mated, must end in the subversion ot the Constitu-
tion and the Union; and, fourth, because it strikes
a death blow at State poveieignty and popular
rights. I shall proceed as bi it-fly as possible to
give the reasons upon which I base these objec-
tions.
It is well known, sir, that, at the close of the
revolutionary war, and af the formation of this
Federal Government, all the States of the Union
were slave States, but all looked upon slavery as
an unmitigated evil; and all looked forward hope-
fully to the day when it should no longer exist.
No man, then,* was bold enough to advocate the
extension of slavery oreven its long continuance,
but ail lookul forward to an early period when it
