2112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13.
The report was read, as follows:
The undersigned, Committee of Accounts.being required
by its 102<l rule to "supenntend and control the expendi-
tures of the contingent fund of the House of Representa-
tives,*' and " to audit and -etfle aii accounts winch may be
charged thereon," &c., having had under consideration the
accounts of persons said to be employed by the Doorkeeper
of the House of Repiesentatives, report:
That prior to the commencement of the present session
of Congress the Doorkeeper of the House of Representa-
tives was authorized, by resolutions of the House, passed
from time to time, to make the following appointments,
namely: One superintendent of the folding room ; one su-
perintendent and one assistant superintendent of the doc-
ument room; one messenger in charge of the Hall ofRcp-
sentatives ; with salaries ranging from one thousand seven
hundred to one thousand eight hundred dollars per annum,
and thirteen other messengers with salaries ranging from
one thousand two hundred to one thousand five hundred
dollars a year. On the 23d of December last, on the motion
of a member from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] six additional
messengers were allowed hnn, as it was very properly sup-
posed that the comfort of the members required an increase
in these assistant officers after the House had removed its
sittings to the present Hall. The total number of this class
of officers to be appointed by the Doorkeeper, is therefore
limited by law to twenty-three. Notwithstanding this
express limitation of Ins authority and power, the Door-
keeper, it is believed, ba^ issued his appointments to thirty
or more persons, who claim compensation for their services
as messengers of the House. Twenty-three of these mes-
sengers, as above stated, are returned by the Dooikeeper
on Ins pay-rolls monthly, with the receipts of the parties
named therein attached, who are regularly paid the propor-
tions of annual salaries due each of them respectively, ft
is known, however, to the undersigned, that some of thein
are not performing the customary duties belonging to the
nature of their employment, and for which they are paid.
Three of them are detached, and constantly engaged as
book-keepers and assistant clerks in the foldingioom ; one
of them is a private secretary or clerk of the Doorkeeper;
and two others are used as firemen to the furnaces m the
vaults of the Capitol under the old Hall of Representative4!;
whilst on the other hand, peisons who are known to be
daily in attendance as messenccrs and assistant doorkeep-
ers, during the sittings of the House, and who attend upon
the several committee rooms, not being returned by the
Doorkeeper upon his regular monthly pay rolls, have le-
ceived no compensation lor then services, but depend upon
the grace and bounty of the House for remuneration. Tins
gro&s abuse of the confidence and trust repo«cd by the House
in one of its chief officers cannot be too severely cen&ured,
and m the judgment of the undersigned requires an imme-
ate remedy. He has been admonished, again and ag.un, to
eoirect these abuses, but without effect, as he still persists
in acting against both usage and law, and openly defies the
control of this committee,
Abnsps of a similar or worse nature exist in tlio folding-
room. It will be seen by reference to •' A statement show-
ing the names of each person employed by the Dooikeeper
of the House of Representatives of the United States, the
nature of their employment, time appointed, amount of sal-
ary paid each one, and the authority for the same," (Mis*
House Doc., 109,) made by Mr. It. B. Hackney, Dooikeeper,
m response to a i evolution of the liou^e, that he represents
the unusually large mimbei ot laborers and fojdeis employed
theio, amounting in the aggregate to thirtv-Jour, as by au-
thority of the Cominittecof Buch is not the case.
That M,aiement made to the Hou<e is false.
By lesotuhons of the llou.se of Aiurtut 8, 1854, and De-
cembers, 1857, the Doorkeeper is authorized to employ
eiuht lahoreis about the Hall,and in attendance in the cloak
looms, &e. He nevertheless repif'sent'* the committee as
giving him authority to employ eleven.
He had instructions from said committee to employ not
more than four regiilai folders, at $■> 50 per day He has
rcpoited the committee to the Ilou&c as his authority for
the employment of six at that price. The salaries of the
four regular ibldeisauthorizcd by the coumiitiee amount to
$300 per month, winch it was supposed would be sufficient
to defray neatly one half the usual expendituies heretofore
incidental to the folding loom.
The economical object of your committee has been en-
tirely frustrated, and the expenditures thus increased from
an average amount of si.\ or eight hundred dollars to two
thousand or twenty-five hundred dollars pei month. Here,
too, the tegular folders, who arc returned on the pay-rolls,
and are paid as such, do not perform any such duty. Uut
a throng of piece-folders, unauthorized by youi committee,
are employed by Mr Hackney, who peinnts false returns to
be made on the books of the amount of piece-work done,
and returns false accounts of the same to be audited and
settled by your committee, as is shown by the following !
comparative table, made out by the Clerk of the House, and
comiastmg the number of documents actually delivered
during the three months ending May J, bv the Superin-
tendent of Public Piinting, and the number alleged and
returned as folded by the Dooikeeper.
Office of Hofse of Representatives CJ. S.,
May 6, 1858.
Sir: In compliance with your expressed wish, I h«i\e ex-
amined the subject of folding documents for the months of
February, March, and April last; and find that the nuin- !
bei of documents folded in the folding room of the House
of Representatives, for each of the months above named, IJ
according to the pay-rolls returned to this office, to be as
follows, namely: for February, 73,274; March, 194.539; h
extra documents 2,329 ; total 196,868 ; and for April, 30,804; h
extra documents 19.708; total 50,512; for all of which 1 j,
have declined payment, for the reason that, according to the j!
returns as furnished by the Superintendent of Public Print-
mg, there appears to be too gicat a disci epancy between the '
number of documents purported to have been folded and
the number actually delivered by the said Superintendent.
Below I submit a comparative table, showing the number
of documents delivered during the la«t tluee months by
the Superintendent, and the number alleged to have been
folded, as returned by the Doorkeeper:
Delivered by the Superin- Alleged to have been folded
tendent in the month of during the month of Feb
February   45.921 ruary    73.274
Do. March  45,935 Do. March 196.868
Do. April  30,790 Do. April  50,512
Total 122,646 Total 320,654
Or, in other words, there appears to have been an excess
of 198,008 documents folded over the number as delivered
by the Superintendent.
Very respectfully, J. C. ALLEN,
Clerk of House of Representatives, United States.
Hon. J. M. Kunkel, Committee of Accounts.
There are other charges of mal practice in office and venal
character preferred against Mr. Hackney; but your commit-
tee conceive that it would not be strictly proper to report
the declarations of Mr. Hackney's subordinates, over whom
he domineers most unjustly.
In conclusion, the undersigned, Committee of Accounts,
are unanimous in believing Mr. R. B, Hackney unworthy
of the trust reposed in him by this House. They believe that
he is either entirely and hopelessly incompetent to perform
the duties belonging to his office, or shows a willful and de-
liberate purpose to pervert impropeily and abuse the power
with which he is invested.
Your committee, therefore, unanimously recommend the
adoption of the following resolution.
JOHN DICK,
JOHN A. SEARING,
FRANCIS E. SPINNER,
J. M. KUNKEL.
PAULUS POWELL.
Rpiolocd, That Richard B. Hackney, the Doorkeeper of
the present; House of Representatives, be, and he is hereby,
dismissed forthwith from that office.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I do not desire
to occupy the attention of the House now, but I
am willing to answer any interrogatories that may
be propounded. As this day has been set apart
for territorial business, I move that the report be
printed and made the special order for Saturday,
at twelve o'clock.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Mary-
land to indicate some other day, and let us have
Saturday for private business.
Mr. COVODE. We can dispose of this matter
in a short time to-day, and I think we might as
well do so.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, no.
Mr. HOUSTON. It will hardly be insisted
that the House shall take action on this report at
this time. There is a principle of justice which
ought to control the action of the Plouse, as well
in the disposition of a case like this as of any other
matter. We ought to see the report printed. It
may be that something can be said on the other
side. I know nothing about it, and I certainly
would be unwilling to dispose immediately of a
case of this magnitude, involving all that is dear
to the Dooikeeper of the House.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to make a motion in
connection with this matter; and that is, that the
party who is arraigned here shall have leave, be-
tween this time and the time to be fixed for the
hearing, to file with the Clerk of the House any
written statement which he may desire to submit.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. We have a
special order for to-day, and we cannot have
another day this session for the consideration of
territorial business. I therefore trust that without
further debate, this matter may go over till Mon-
day, that we may take up territorial business.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the House will dis-
pose of it on Saturday. That will give ample
time for its consideration.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to
amend the motion by striking out Saturday, and
inserting Monday, at twelve o'clock. We want
Saturday for private business.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The proposition as amended was then agreed
to.
The report, and such statement as the Door-
keeper may submit, were ordered to be printed.
OHIO CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, from the Committee
of Elections, to whom was referred the memorial
of Clement S. Yallandigham, contesting the right
of the Hon. Lewis D. Campbell to a seat in the
House of Representatives as a member of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress from the third congres-
sional district of Ohio, made a report, stating that
a majority of the committee were unable to agree
upon a report; that one minority was in favor of
reporting that Mr. Campbell was entitled to his
seat; that another minority was in favor of report-
ing favor of the claim of Mr. Vallandigham;and
still another minority was of opinion that neither
of the gentlemen was entitled to the seat; and rec-
ommended that the case be sent back to the peo-
ple.
The committee asked that the views of their
minorities respectively accompanying this report,
may be received by the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. In compliance with
the directions of the committee, I now ask that the
views of the several minorities be received, laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed; and I
present the views of a portion of the committee.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of order.
Can there be a report from a committee, unless
the majority of the committee agree to it?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. As soon as the re-
ports have been printed, I shall call up the case—
perhaps on Tuesday or Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman ffcom New York, that this paper
appears to be a majority report.
Mr. KELSEY. It is not a report on any ques-
tion submitted to the committee. It is merely a
report that they cannot agree.
Mr. GILMER presented the views of aportion
of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. LAMAR presented the views of another
portion of the committee*.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. What be-
comes of the question of order raised by the gen-
tleman from New York?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overruled the
question of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Do I un-
derstand that the House has consented,upon this
report, that the views of these minorities shall
be brought here r The majority of the committee
report that they cannot agree, and that is all.
They cannot, therefore, report, and they ask the
House to suffer the views of the minorities to be
brought before the House. I do not understand
that the House has yet consented to receive those
views of these minorities. 1 regard it, in fact, as
a declaration upon the part of the Committee of
Elections, that they cannot agree to a report.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. What is the ques-
tion before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky rises to a question of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the report
of the Committee of Elections has been brought
in, and it means what I suppose it means, I sup-
pose that it would be proper to refer the case to a
special committee, in order that the House may
try and see if it cannot raise a committee that can
make a report. And, under the circumstances,
I will move that the Committee of Elections be
discharged from the further consideration of the
case, and that it be referred to a select committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order. I understood my colleague to rise to a
question of order; and my point nf order is, that
if he rose to a question of order, it is not compe-
tent for him to submit a motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Kentucky to rise to a question of
order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I did rise
to a question of order. My point of order was,
that the I-Iousc had not consented to receive the
views of the minority, and that, therefore, they
could not be submitted. If the Chair decides that
a report of a majority has been made, I wish to
submit my motion.
The SPEAKER. The report was submitted
by the gentleman from Illinois as coming from a
majority of the committee. It was proposed by
him that the minorities should submit their views.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gil-
mer] submitted a paper which he asked should be
considered as the views of a portion of the com-
mittee. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Har-
ris] presented another paper, and the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar] another. The
Chair is of opinion that the objection of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky comes too late.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 'I call the
attention of the Chair to the fact, that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Kelsey] raised the
question of order that this was no report. These
documents have not been received. The Chair
says that my objection comes too late. But the
documents have not been received. There has
been no action on the part of the House; and it is
clearly a violation of the parliamentary rule, as
