1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12.
Should cease to exist These views being prev-
alent throughout the land^ one of the early acta
of the .Continental Congress was the adoption of
tile ordihan'ce of 1787, forever prohibiting slavery
a ml involuntary servitude in all the then Territo-
ries 'of these United States. _ This was itself a
southern measure to a considerable extent, al-
though, at that tirpe, there was no diversity of
opinion in regard to it. Some of the northern
States, as was well known, intended to abolish
Slavery at a very early day, while some of the
southern States desired that it might be deferred
to a much later period. Those States which ex-
pected to be cursed, as they then termed it, with
the institution for a longer period, desired the
power of reclaiming their fugitives from service
or labor if they should escape. Those States that
proposed soon to abolish the institution yielded
that power; and upon that compromise the ordi-
nance of 1787 was adopted. Many of the mem-
bers of the Constitutional Convention were like-
wise members of the Continental Congress, and
the ordinance of 1787 was one of the compro-
mises which led to the adoption of the Constitu-
tion itself; and, without that ordinance, it is ex-
tremely doubtful whether that instrument would
ever have been adopted by the States.
This was a finality upon the slavery question.
It settled that question forever. No further agi-
tation ever could take place upon the subject of
slavery, it was supposed, under that compromise.
The settlement was this: slavery was a creature
of municipal law; it was left to the States in which
it then existed to continue it or abolish it, when-
ever they might see fit; and in all the Territo-
ries of the United States it was forever prohibited.
This was the finality of a finality. There never
could be any further agitation of the question of
slavery in the Union, under it.
Under this settlement, the country remained in
peace for more than thirty years. No agitation
of the subject took place, and none could take
flace, for ii was not in a position to be agitated.
say the country remained in peace, for more than
thirty years, and until the State of Missouri ap-
plied for admission into the Union as a slave
State. During the intermediate time, the Louisi-
ana territory had been purchased, and Louisiana
had been admitted as a slave State, without ob-
jection on the part of the North. It was quietly
assented to; scarcely a protest was entered against
it; but when Missouri applied for admission as a
slave State, the North objected to the admission
of any more slave States, and declared that it was
not only distinctly understood, but agreed to, that
no more slave States should ever be admitted into
this Union. The North claimed that that was the
basis of the original compromise, the ordinance
of 1787. Agitation ran high. The South then,
as now, threatened a dissolution of the Union,
unless all her imperious demands were assented
to. The North then, as now, denied her right
or her power to dissolve the Union for any such
reason, or for any reason.
During this excitement the hearts of brave men
quailed in view of the danger to the Constitution
and the Union, and finally a proposition of com-
promise was brought into Congress fiom the
South, as a southern measure. The compromise
was upon this basis: you of the North consent to
the admission of Missouri as a slave Slate, with
the tacit understanding that when Arkansas ap-
plies she shall likewise be admitted as a slave State;
and we will guaranty to you forever that the or-
dinance of 1787 shall be spread over all the ter-
ritory lying north of 36° 30'. So utterly objec-
tionable was this compromise to the North, that
not a single man who voted for it was ever heard
of again, politically, at the North. Each northern
man who voted for that compromise voted for
his own death-warrant, politically—not as has
been asserted at the North, because they voted
to prohibit slavery north of 36° 30', but because
they voted to admit the State of Missouri as a
slave State into this Union. For that they were
blamed, and not for assenting to the restiictive
line.
Cut, sir, the compromise was adopted, and
peace again reigned throughout the land. The
question was settled, anil settled forever. Here
wes another finality, so far as agitation upon that
subject was concerned. The South was to have
the State of Missouri and the State of .Arkansas
by tacit consent, whenever she should apply for
admission into the Union; the North, as an equiv-
alent, was guarantied all of that territory lying
north of 36°30' forever. -The South received her
equivalent in the States of Missouri and Arkansas;
the North waited patiently for the day when she
should receive hers. The compromise was acqui-
esced in, and again the country had peace so far
as agitation on the slavery question was concerned,
and continued at peace, with some slight ripples
here and there, until Texas applied fpr admission
into the Union. Then again there was an agita-
tion; then again the Union was threatened, and
threatened from ^ie South; then again another
compromise was entered into; to wit, a renewal
of the Missouri line. The country remained in
peace until, in process of time, a new light broke
upon the vision of the people of these United
States; to wit, the light of popular sovereignty.
It so happened that many of the slave States,
during the fall of 1847, in solemn poli tical conven-
tions resolved that they would support no man
for the Presidency who was not opposed to the
principles of the Wilmot proviso, so called. In
December, 1847, my illustrious predecessor, for
reasons best known to himself—although he
had time and again expressed his r&gret that the
Hon. John Davis, of Massachusetts, should have
talked against time to the end of a session, thus
depriving him of the power of recording his vote
for the Wilmot proviso—wrote the "Nicholson
letter," in which he said:
" But certain it is that the principle of inteiference should
not be carried beyond the necessary implication winch pro-
duces it. It should be limited to the creation of proper gov-
ernments for new countries, acquired or settled, and to the
ileeessaiy provision for their eventual admission into the
Union. leaving, m the mean time, to the people inhabiting
them to regulate their internal concerns m their own way.
They are just as capable of doing so as tiic people of the
States."
Here, sir, permit me to say, you find the basis
of the Democratic Cincinnati platform, which has
been commented on time and again; here you find
the basis of the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and, in
fact, you find the basis of this very Lecompton
constitution m the Nicholson letter. This was
the first time this doctrine was inaugurated at the
North: scaiceiy a man at the South ever uttered
the sentiment. But I will read further:
" Bi iciiv, then, I am opposed to the exercise of any juris-
diction by Congiess ovei this matter; and T am in favor of
leaving to the people of any territory which may be here-
after acquired the right to regulate it for themselves under
the general piinciples of the Constitution.51
" Subject only to the Constitution," I believe,
in the new version; but this is the original text.
££ Leave to the people who will be affected by this ques-
tion. to adjust it upon their own responsibility, and in their
own manner, and we shall render anothar tnbute to the
pri neiples of our Government, and furnish another guarantee
for us permanence and pro-perity."
There, sir, is the origin of this great fraud upon
the North, yclept "popular sovereignty," and
" perfect freedom for the people of a Territory to
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way." It is true, that when the doctrine of squat-
ter sovereignty was first introduced, some of the
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber en-
tered a faint protest, but it was so faint that it
never reached the ears of northernmen; and when
on the stump, before the people of my State, I
asserted that the doctrine which is now introduced
hero as the doctrine of the Constitution, was the
doctrine of the Democratic party, I was told that
that was not the doctrine of the Democratic party;
that it was merely the opinion of some few south-
ern fire-eaters; that the great national Democratic
party was firmly planted on the principles of squat-
ter sovereignty, the right of the people of the Ter-
ritories to regulate their domestic institutions in
theirown way, includingtlie institution of slavery.
Sir, up to the writing of the Nicholson letter,
the right of Congress to make all needful rules
and regulations for the Tenitorics of the United
1 States was never called in question. No Execu-
tive of the United States ever doubted it; no Con-
gress of the United States ever doubted their full
power to legislate for the Territories as they saw
fit; and up to that date the Supreme Court never
ji doubted tlie power of Congress to legislate on sla-
!' very in the Territories as they saw fit. That was
i the inauguration of a new principle; to wit, the
principle of squatter sovereignty—not popular
|! sovereignty, as is here explained, but squatter
"j sovereignty—the right of the people to introduce
or prohibit slavery in the Territories, while they
were m a territorial condition.
The South held up the glittering fantasy of a
presidential nomination before the eager eyes of
the northern aspirants for that honor, and at the
same time exhibited the Nicholson letter, as the
highest bid that was made, and asked, " who bids
higher?" Mr. Fillmore followed with the fugi-
tive slave law and, the compromise measures of
1850. Mr. "Webster followed again, with his 7th
of March speech; and last, though not least, came
the repeal of the Missouri compromise line.
I do not propose to discuss the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. If I should enter upon
that discussion, I should only weary the Senate,
for I should not know -where to leave off. I look
upon it as the greatest fraud ever perpetrated be-
fore the eyes of this nation. The price had been
paid, and the terms of the bargain were repudi-
ated after one side had received the equivalent
It was a violation of a solemn compact. But 1
do not propose to go into the discussion of it at
this time.
But, sir, how did you pay those ipen who were
bidding and overbidding, and outbidding each
other for presidential nominations ? First, to the
writer of the Nicholson letter you gave the empty
honor of a nomination for the Presidency, and
then defeated him by southern votes; to the sec-
ond, you refused even the poor compliment of a
nomination in a national convention, when it was
well known to everybody that under no circum-
stances could he have been elected if he had re-
ceived the nomination. The third you consigned
to the grave. He received but four southern votes
in the convention to which I have just referred,
and it broke his heart. The fourth you are now
pursuing with all the powers of this Government;
with the keen scent of the blood-hound; you are
after his scalp; and yet, sir, this Administration
owes to him, more than to any other man, its pres-
ent possession of power. There are three men in
this nation to whom the present Administration
owe their present position more than to any other
three thousand men in the United States. Those
men it is needless for me to name, although I will
do so. One of them is the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] another Mr. Walker, late Gov-
ernor of Kansas, and the third is John W. Forney,
of Pennsylvania. But for these men, James Buch
anan, President of the United States, would be
rusticating at Wheatland, instead of occupying
the White House. Poor pay indeed have they
got for their subserviency to southern interests,
and their rejection of the principles upon which
they had previously acted.
Mr. President, while all these aggressions of
the slave power were made their cry was, " stand
by the Constitution and the Union." I have heard
it from every stump in Michigan: it was the ral-
lying cry while they were undermining the Con-
stitution and sapping the foundation of this Union.
Although I am not a lawyer, 1 wish to refer to
two or three clauses of-the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; for I claim that it is so plain in language,
and its intent so transparent, " that the wayfar-
ing man, though a fool, need not err therein."
I do not believe that it requires any hair-splitting
of lawyers to comprehend that immortal instru-
ment, the Constitution of the United States. It
is true that the Supreme Court has endeavored to
mystify two or three of its plainest provisions in
its late opinion, or late speeches, delivered on a
question that was not before it; but, sir, it does
not require a lawyer, in my estimation, to show
that that instrument is not what they are attempt-
ing to make it, and what the framers of it ab-
horred, a pro-slavery instrument. I claim that
slaves are not recognized as property in that in-
strument anywhere. They lay great stress upon
that clause of the Constitution which protects the
slave trade for twenty years. I consider that fully,
fairly, and forever answered by the honorable
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.] If prop-
erty in slaves, he said, is based upon that clause
i of the Constitution allowing the slave trade for
j twenty years, of course, at the end of those twenty
1 years, that property ceases to receive the protec-
| tion of that clause of the Constitution: it extends
j protection to it only for twenty years. But 1 shall
! say no more upon that point. There is, however,
j one other clause upon which the court dwells yet
j more fully, and that is the fugitive-slave clause,
| so called:
I <* No person held to service or labor in one State, under
1 the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
