1858.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
35th Cong....1st Sess. Nicaraguan Affairs and the Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Lamar.
Ho. of*Reps.
lature, then, in assembling this convention, were fully sus-
tained by the act of Congress."
Again ho says:
" The people of Kansas, then, are invited by the highest
authoiity known to the Constitution, to participate, fieely
and fairly, in the election of delegates to frame a constitu-
tion and State government. The law has peifoi med its en-
tire function when it extends to the people the light of suf-
frage ; but it cannot compel the performance of that duty.
Tlnoughout our whole Union, and wherever free govern-
ment prevails, those who abstain from the exercise of
voting authorize thos£ who do vote to act for them m that
contingency; and the absentees are as much bound, under
the law and Constitution, where there is no fraud or vio-
lence, by the act of the inajonty of those who do vote, as
though all had paiticipated in the election."
It is true that the distinguished a,uthor of the
bill denies that it confers any such power. And
ybt the very ground upon which he rests his
opposition to the admission of Kansas seems to
break the moral force of this denial. His position
is, that the Kansas bill intended that the consti-
tution, when adopted, should be submitted to a
direct vote of the people; that this was its intent
and meaning. JSfo\v, sir, if the bill went so far as
to prescribe the mode of adopting the constitution,
it certainly contemplated the framing of it. A
constitution cannot be submitted to the people until
it is formed.
Having demonstrated that this convention, as-
sembled to form the constitution, possessed every
attribute heretofore regarded requisite to complete
the work effectually, it is easy to refute the ob-
jection that before itcan present a valid title to this
Congress, it should be first submitted, for adop-
tion or rejection, to the people; not to the people
whose delegates framed it, but to them ana such
settlers as may have come into the Territory
during its progress to completion ! In order to
show how empty and ridiculous are the pretexts
for rejecting Kansas, I propose to give this argu-
ment m the language of its author. Speaking of
what the President says of the convention at Le-
compton, the distinguished gentleman to whom I
refer [Mr. Douglas] says:
" The President does not say, he does not mean, that this
convention had ever been recognized by the Congress ofthe
United States as legal or valid. On the contrary, he knows,
we hero know, that during the last Congress I reported
a bill from the Committee on Territories to authorize the
people of Kansas to assemble and form a constitution-lor
themselves. Subsequently, the Senator fiom Geoigia[Mr.
Toombs] brought forward a substitute for my bill, which,
after having been modified by lam and myself m consulta-
tion, was passed by the Senate. It is known in the country
us the '* Toombs bill." It authorized the people of Kansas
Ten itory to assemble m convention and form a constitution,
prcpaiatory to their admission into the Union as a State.
That bill, it is well known, was defeated m the Iloiwe ot
iJepre-jpntatives- It matters not, for the purpose of this ar-
gument, what was the reason of its defeat. Whether the
leason was a political one; whether it had leference to the
then exi&ung contest for the Presidency ; whether it was to
keep open the slavery question; whether it was the convic-
tion that tne bill would not be fanly carried out; whether
it was because there was not people enough m Kansas to
justify the foimation of a State; no matter what the reason
wasj the Hou&e of Representatives letused to pass that bill,
and thus denied to the people of Kansas the right to foim a
constitution and State government at this time."
Proceeding then to discuss the power of the
Territorial Legislature to call a convention, he
concludes as follows:
" If you apply these principles to the Kansas convention,
you find that it had no power to do any act as a conven lion
forming a government; you find that the act railing it wa<t
null and void fiom the beginning;, you find the Legislature
could confer no power whatever on the convention."
Upon a subsequent occasion, defending his po-
sition, he says, as follows:
"In other woids, I contend that aconvention constituted
in obedience to an enabling act of Confess prnv loudy giv-
ing absent, is a con&ututmnal body of men, with power and
authority to institute government; but that a convention
assembled undei an act oftheTemtorialLegislature, with-
out the assent ofCongress previously given, has no author-
ity to institute government." * * * * *
" This was my position m legard to the effect of an en-
abling act. I then went on to show that, theie having been
no enabling act passed for Kansas, the Lecompton conven-
tion was irregular."
It is rather late in the day for this gentleman
to begin to rectify such irregularities. We need
go no further back than California. She was be-
gotten by a military general, and forced into the
family of States by the Ceesarean operation of an
executive accoucheur. [Laughter.] Yes, sir, with-
out any previous assent of Congress, without
even the authority of a Territorial Legislature;
without any census; a land of roaming adven-
turers was lugged into the Union over all law and
precedent, as the coequal of the oldest State in
this Union, because it happened to be a free
State. What then said this stickler for enabling
acts? How spoke the putative father of these
latter-day doctrines? Mr. Douglas said, in
1850:
"I come now to consider California as a State. The
question is now presented, whether we will receive her as
one of the States of this Union; and, sir, why should we
not doit? The proceedings it is said, m the formation of
her constitution and State government, have been modular.
If this be so, whose fault "is it? Not the people of Cali-
fornia, for you have refused, for the period of two yeats, to
pass a law in pursuance of winch the pioceedirig.s would
have been regular. Surely you will not punish the people
of California for your own sins—sins of omission as well
as of commission.
" It will be recollected by every Senator present—I trust
the fact will not be forgotten—that more thJin one year ago
I brought in a bill to authorize the people of Cnliiorma to
form a State constitution, and tocomeintotlvITmon. Had
that hill passed, the pioceedmgs would have been tegular.
" Well, the hill was defeated, and the people of Cali-
fornia, acting upon these suggestions, and relying upon the
precedents cited, have formed a constitution and piesented
themselves for admission. Now they are to be told that
they cannot be received because Congress failed to pass a
law, and the proceedings are jfiegular without it. I do not
precisely undeistand what is meant by the irregularity of
these proceedings. I have examined the precedents m all
the cases in which new States have been admitted into the
Union, from Vermont to Wisconsin. I will not go over
them in detail," &c. " Those precedents show that there
is no established rule upon the subject. There are several
cases in which there have been no previous assent of Con-
gress, no census taken, no qualifications for voters pre-
scribed. Theieisnorule,and consequently can be no irreg-
ularity." ******* + *
" I hold that the people of California had a light to what
they have done—yea. they had a moral, political, and legal
right to do all they have done."
How different is his language to Kansas ! The
very refusal of Congress to pass an enabling act
for California is urged as a justification of her
monstrous proceedings, and is presented as her
strongest title to admission. But when Kansas
applies, the same action by Congress is relied
upon as an insurmountable obstacle to her admis-
sion. The California convention had the perfect
right, moral? legal, and political, to do what they
have done. Butthe Kansas convention, although
acting under an act of Congress which pledged
the faith of the nation to her admission as a State,
acting under a regular and legal call of her people,
every safeguard provided, is held to have no power
to do any act as a convention forming a govern-
ment, that the act calling it was noil and void
from the beginning, and that Congress, in refus-
ing to pass an enabling act, (no matter what the
motive,) denied to the people the right to form a
constitution and State government.
Sir, how are we to reconcile such glaring in-
consistency ? There is but one solution, and every
day is riveting it in the southern mind; and that
is, where a State applies for admission with a con-
stitution excluding slavery, no irregularity can
be too enormous, no violation of precedent too
marked, no disregard of constitutional procedure
too palpable, no outrage can be too enormous for
its admission as a State into the Union; but when
a State applies for admission with slavery in its
constitution, no excuse can be too trivial, no pre-
tense too paltry and ignoble, to keep her out.
Sir, the direct tendency, and with some the avowed
object, of all this opposition, is to delay the ad-
mission of Kansas until she becomes a free State.
1 do not charge this on that gentleman. But why
does he pursue this course ? It is but an offshoot
of that damnable policy which has been preying
upon the vitals of the South for the last forty
years—that of buying peace from the turbulent
and fanatical at the expense of the quiet and or-
derly. When Missouri applies for admission,
Abolitionism gets up an excitement about slave
territory. For peace sake Congress overleaps the
Constitution, and marks out a line beyond which
slavery shall not go. Abolitionism raves to be
heard in Congress about slavery generally, and
for the sake of peace, Congress allows it to fill the
Capitol with abolition petitions, which it has no
power on earth to grant. Abolitionism hires armed
bands to go and drive slaveholders out of Kansas,
and Robert J. Walker, for peace sake, would hand
it over to them. To pacify a band of rebels, reek-
ing with the blood ot southern men, women, and
children, to whom he is indebted for all he is,
he turns against his benefactors, he violates his
pledge, abuses his trust, disgraces his office^
truckles to the vile, tramplesxm the just, and scat'
ters the firebrand of discord throughout Kansas,
the Union, and the Capitol. And Stephen A;
Douglas, who was for lassoing California and
dragging her into the Union overall law and pre-
cedent, and the violated rights of fifteen of the
sovereign Statesof this Union, would now subject
Kansas to ail the rigors of the Inquisition to keep *
her out of the Union,
But we are told that it is a contempt of the au-
thority of the people of Kansas—that it is an in-
road upon popular sovereignty to withhold from
them a revision of their constitution. Sir, the
authority of the people is fully recognized; pop-
ular sovereignty, as a principle, is fully enforced
when an opportunity is afforded to the legal voters
to deposit their votes for delegates to a conven-
tion. Sir, are not those delegates the people's
agents? Is there a lawyer present who would
teach his clientthat the acts of an authorized agent
are invalid if not submitted for ratification to the
principal? Would he tell them that such acts un-
submitted would be insulting to the principal's
dignity, or intrusive upon his prerogatives?
Would you say that no respect should'be paid to
the acts, or to the principal himself, if he suffered
them to go forth as his own, unratified? The
truth lies jtist in the opposite direction. "The
rigiit of electing delegates to a convention," in
the language of the profoundest writer on the phi-
losophy of government, " places the powers of
the U-o'vernment as fully in the mass of the com-
munity, as they would be had they assembled,
made, and executed the laws themselves without
the intervention of agents or representatives."
The people act in their sovereign capacity when
they elect delegates; and the delegates thus elected,
and convened,are,forall practical purposes,iden-
tical with the people. Sir, 1 take higher grounds.
1 hold that the highestembodimentof sovereignty3
the most imposing political assemblage known to
our Constitution and laws, is a convention of the
people legally assembled, not en masse—for such
an assemblage is unknown in our representative
system—but by their delegates, legally elected.
When such a body, with no declared limitation^
upon their powers, are deputed to form a consti-
tution, and they execute their trust, the constitu-
tion, ipso facto, becomes the supreme law of the
land, unquestionable and unchangeable by any
power on earth, save that which ordained it. This
i.s no novel doctrine. It has the sanction of the
wisest and greatest men known to American his-
tory. Mr. Calhoun, speaking of a convention of
the people, says it implied "a meeting of the
people, either by themselves, or by delegates
chosen for the purpose in their high sovereign
character. It is, in a word, a meeting of the y oo-
ple in the majesty of their power—in that m which
they may rightfully make or abolish constitutions,
and put'up and down government, at their pleas-
ure."—(Calhoun's Works, volume 2, page 612.)
Our present Chief Magistrate, in standing by the
action of the Lecompton constitution, is only act-
ing in accordance with his opinions, long since
recorded. In the debate on the veto power, he
said:
"The Senator [Mr. Clay] asks, why has not the veto been
given to the President on acts of conventions held for the
purpose of amending our constitutions? If it be necessary
to lestram Congress^ it is equally necessaiy to restrain con-
ventions. The answer to this aigument is equally easy. ^ It
v'ould be absurd to qrant an appeal through the intervention
of the veto to the peo-ple themselves against their own acts.
They create conventions by urtue of their own undelegated
and inalienable sovereignly; and when they speak, their
servants—whether legislative, judicial, or executive—must
ho silent."
Such was the convention of Lecompton, and
the constitution it presents was established under
laws, Federal arid territorial, to which every man
in Kansas (except rebels) has given his consent.
These laws direct the election, prescribe the order
of it, the qualification of voters, and the times of
holding; the meeting, and the duties and qualifica-
tions of the presiding officer. In this way the
delegates were elected. They niet, and upon ma-
ture deliberation framed a constitution—a con-
stitution republican in form,and securing to the
people of Kansas all those great institutions of
freedom which have ever been regarded as-the only
