THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Sessiox.
SATURDAY, MAY 15, 1858.
New Series No. 133.
laid down by the Chair, that a minority of a com-
mittee can make a report or submit us views with-
out the action of the House. I take the floor, and
submit my motion just as soon as I have an oppor-
tunity. These papers are not before the House,
although these gentlemen may have sent them to
the Clerk's desk; because there has been no per-
mission given by the House, and no action upon
the report of the majority.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I do not wish to
djscuss this question; but if the gentleman from
Kentucky had paid attention to the reading of the
report he would "have observed that these views
of the minority accompany the report. The report
was the unatmnou.s icport of the cummittee, and
was accompanied by these papers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considered the
report as being properly presented, but his atten-
tion was not particularly called to the portion of
it relative to the papers accompanying it as a part
of it. The paper was presented as a report from
a majority of the committee. Whether it is a sat-
isfactory report to the House or not, is another
question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I certainly
do not want to interfere with the territorial busi-
ness which has been assigned for to-day. Do I
understand the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois to be to print all these reports and docu-
ments5
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. My motion is, that
the report of the committee, which has been read,
and the accompanying papers, be laid upon the
table,and printed.
Air. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, that
is a new mode of getting minority reports before
the House. That is all I have to say about it.
But I \\ ill let it go.
Mr. Harris's motion was then agreed to,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now call for
the regular order of business.
PAID FIRE DEPARTMENT FOR WASHINGTON.
Mr. MORR.IS, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
report a bill in relation to the District of Colum-
bia, in oider that it may be printed and be ready
when that business comes up.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania., then, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, reported
a bill to organize a paid fire department in the
District of Columbia: which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
COURTS IN TERRITORIES.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of a bill (H. R. No. 59) in regard to courts, and the
holding of the terms thereof, in the Territory of
Nebraska, reported yesterday from the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the stale of the Union with
an amendment, m the nature of a substitute, mak-
ing the bill apply to all the Territories.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
The title of the bill was then amended, so as
to read: "A bill in regard to courts, and the hold-
ing of the terms thereof, in the several Tcrrito-
lic3 of the United States."
Mr. FAULKNER,. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. i
M r. S rEPIIENS, of Georgia. I insist on coll-
ing the committees lor reports of territorial busi- i
ness.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Virginia j
moves that the rules be suspended for the purpose j
of going into the Committee of the Whole on the j
state of the Union. i
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust that the j
gentleman from Virginia will not insist on his i
133
motion. There is much business yet to be re-
ported.
Mr. FAULKNER. Very well, I will withdraw
the motion.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. BRANCH, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, Thar the Secretary of the Inteuor cause to be
prepaied and submit to the Hou*e—
1. A plan for a building pimnbfp for the accommodation
ji of the executive offices and Legislature of one oi the Tei-
riroues, with detailed estimate- of co*t, raking, as the ba h
! of his estimates', the avciage price* of labor and material*
r in the States
■ 2. A plan lor a jail, or public pi ison, with similar estimates
' of CO-4.
| 3. Tli at he procure from tho Governors of the several
. Teiritotie?in wlneh public building- have been commenced
; anil are yet unfinished, or which the appropriations already
i made are insufficient to finish, infonii.iiioii as to the M/,e and
1 mat<Mials of each of -aid building-*; how much has been ex-
pended, and how much monej will be needed to complete
, them, and to lay said information beloie the House at the
[ eailie>t ptacticablc time.
j Mr. BRANCH. I am instructed by the Com-
| mittee on Territories to say, that there have been
; large appropriations made by Congress, from time
| to time, for the purpose of erecting public build-
| ings in the various Territories: but there has been
; no system or plan adopted on which these appro-
i priations have been made. In some of the Terri-
tories the appropriations have been expended,
, but the buildings are incomplete. In others they
have not been commenced, because it was sup-
, posed the appropriations made were not large
1 enough to complete such a building as the local
I authorities desired. For other Territories no ap-
propriations at all have been made. In one m-
I stance, after all the money appropriated by Con-
| gress liad been expended, the local authorities
i have advanced money for the purpose of eomplet-
1 ing the public buildings, and arc now asking to
■ be reimbursed by Congress for the advances made
j by them.
I The Committee on Territories, taking into con-
; sideration all the circumstances of tho case, have
! determined, inasmuch as it is now Utein the season
i —too late for much to be done during the present
! season if we weie now to make an appropriation—
; and as it is desirable that there should be some
i system adopted for the expenditure of the public
| money, to instruct me, and they have instructed
i me, to report that resolution, with a view ofadopt-
j ing some system or plcin which shall be applica-
1 ble to all the Territories hereafter. Theobjectof
1 the committee is not only to consult economy in*
the expenditure of the public money, but also to
bring about such a system as will do justice to
the several Teiritories, so that the expenditure j
of this branch of the public service shall place 1
all the Territories, in future, upon the same foot- j
ing, and under the control of Congress, and not
under that of the local authorities who aie in- !
trusted with the power of expending these appro-
priations. i
I am further instructed by the Committee on !
Territories to report adversely upon the several
bills referred to them making appropriations for
public buildings in the several Territories. But,
in making these reports, the committee do not
' intend to be understood as determining not tore-
, port appropriations for these buildings in future,
i but simply to recommend that no further appro-
! prianons shall be made until some plan shall be
j devised which shall be applicable to all the Ter-
; ritorses. The committee will thmi be prepared to
, report such appropriations as shall be necessary
: to complete the public buildings. I move the
, previous question on the passage of the lesolu-
; tion.
[ Mr. OOVODE. I ask the gentleman to allow
' me a moment.
Mr. BRANCH. I should be veryglad to accom-
modate the gentleman, but there will be a dozen
I other gentlemen who will desire to be heard.
; Mr. OTERO. I desire to say a woid in rela-
: tion to the appropriations contained m the bills
! relative to the public buildings in New Mexico.
The SPEAKER. That question has not yet
come before the House.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. BRANCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. In
i pursuance of the policy
, 1 now ask leave to report
which I have indicated
back the various bills making appropriations for
public buildings in the Territories, which have
been referred to the Committee on Territories
with the recommendation that they be laid on the
'able, and the committee discharged from the fur-
ther consideration thereof.
The following bills were then reported back,
the Committee on Territories discharged from
their further consideration, and the bills laid on
the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 180) making additional ap-
propriation for the erection of the buildings m
Washington Territory?
A bill (H. R. No. 433) making appropriation
Ka
ritory;
for the erection of a public prison in Kansas Tcr-
A bill (H. R. No. 387) to provide for building
a penitentiary m the Tei ritory of Nebraska; and
A bill (H. R. No. A'2-i) to complete the capitol
building of Nebraska Territory.
Mr. URANCH, fiom the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported back bills of the following titles,
and moved that (hoy be laid upon the table, and
the committee discharged from their further con-
sideration:
A bill (H. R. No. 11 A) making appropriation
for the completion of the capitol building of tho
Terntory of New Mexico; and
A bill (H. R. No. 173) making appropriation
for the completion of the penitentiary building of
the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, while
I agree in the main with what the gentleman from
North Carolina has said in respect to the public
buildings in the Tei ritories,and while I admit the
necessity for estimates for these buildings, I do
not think that the two bills just reported from the
Committee on Territories ought to be laid upon
the table. On the contrary, I think that they
ought to be passed. Estimates have been made
already for these buildings in New Mexico, and
have been furnished to this House from the Treas-
ury Department. The capitol and the pemten-
jj tiaryare now in a state of progress. The super-
ji intendont of public buildings of New Mexico has
J recommended these appropriations, and I hope
|j they will be made. 1 move to disagree to the re-
. port of the Committee on Territories.
!j Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would sug-
,i gest that the gentleman from ""Missouri move to
jj refer the bills to the Committee of the Whole on
:] the state of the Union, where the subject can be
considered. The bills cannot be actcd on in the
,j House, as they contemplate an appropriation.
:j Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I propose to mike
, i my remarks now, to show why the House should
disagree to the report of the Committee on Ter-
ritories. I presume that is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to my col-
league that he pursue the course proposed by the
gentleman from Georgia. Let the bills be referred
to the Committee of tiie Whole on the state of the
Union, and then when the bills come up there my
colleague will have an opportunity to express his
dissent to the views of the committee.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I make the^mo-
tion, then, that these bills be referred to the Com-
mittee oft he Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
not a dollar has been spent on the penitentiary
building, and, indeed, that no building has been
begun.
Mr. OTERO. The gentleman is mistaken. The
