5*2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 13,
35th €ong....1st Sess. Nicaraguan Affairs and the Lccompton Constitution—Mr. Lamar.
Ho. of Reps.
ilnd surest bulwarks of civil liberty. Violating
no law, inconsistent with no principle of the Fed-
eral Constitution, it preserves and guaranties to
the people of Kansas all the great agencies of free-
dom, the> right of habeas corpus, trial by jury, free-
dom of the press and speech, and liberty of con-
science, as inviolate and pure as when they were
first given to us,.baptized in the blood of our rev-
olutionary fathers. Now, sir, can a greater insult
* tye offered to the understanding of the American
people than to say that a constitution thus estab-
lished wpuld gain anything of credit or sanctity
by a ratification like that contended for ? I grant
that the people, through the Legislature, may re-
serve to themselves the right of'ratification, or the
delegates may recognize it in the constitution
itself; and in either case a ratification would be-
come necessary to the validity of the instrument;
but without those terms it would become absolute
as soon as sanctioned by the delegates.
I go further. I boldly maintain that wisdom,
prudence, and policy demand that the delegates
should be entirely untrammeled in framing the
fundamental law. The people in mass cannot de-
liberate upon a constitution, adopt what is good,
and amend what is faulty in it. They must adopt
or reject itin the entire; and thus, on account of
objections to a single clause, they might reject
the most admirable constitution ever devised by
the wisdom of man. The radical error which un-
derlies the whole argument of these gentlemen is
this: 'they assume that there is a general agree-
ment of opinion, a collective sentiment of the peo-
ple, as a unit, as to what shall be the principles
and provisions of their fundamental law, and that
this common sentiment is to be ascertained only
by a direct vote of the people. And yet, sir, such
a course might result in a grave and capital delu-
sion. If a method could be devised for collecting
the opinion of each citizen, upon each clause of a
constitution, the diversities of sentiment would
be equal to the number of voters, and, perhaps,
greater. The theory of ratification, however,
aoes not allow to the people the right of framing
a constitution, or even offering amendments and
modifications. They can only, like a witness 011
cross-examination, answer "yea" or "nay."
And 1 repeat, a constitution which might stand
an imperishable monument of human wisdom,
could be voted down by an immense majority, of
which! each individual member might be in an
actual minority on the particular subject-mutter
of his dissent. Such a process, so far irom evok-
ing the general pervading sentiment of a people
as to what shall be their fundamental law, may
signally fuil iu eliciting the true view of a single
individual.
Sir, 1 admit that a direct vote of the people is
a fair tost of tboir will, when you submit to them
a single isolated proposition, such as the question
o! excluding; slavery, submitted by the Kansas
convention. But whether it is the best mode or
not, depends upon circumstances. It depends,
for instance, upon the number voting 011 the ques-
tion of ratification,as compared with the number
who vote for delegates. Now, so far as I have
observed, the elections in which the people man-
ifest the least interest arc those in which they are
called upon to pass upon constitutions and con-
stitutional questions. It is not the way the peo-
ple choose to exercise their right of self-govern-
ment. In the ancient city of Athens, where dem-
ocratic absolutism existed in its purest form, the
number of citizens entitled to vote amounted to
about twenty-five thousand persons; and yet not
more than five thousand were generally given on
the most interesting questions. And 011 questions
of ostracism, six thousand votes were sufficient.
If you will consult the poll-books of the different
btates of this Union, where men and proposi-
tions claim the suffrages of the people at the same
time, you will generally find that the men get
three votes where the proposition gets one. I
could call attention to numerous instances of this
kind, which have fallen within my own observa-
tion. 1
We accordingly find that nearly all writers on
governmental and social science, repiesentiii'1'
every class of opinion, (except a few run-mad red
republicans of Germany and Prance,) unite in
condemning this theory of direct appeal to the
people. Montesquieu, in his " Spirit of Laws,"
speaking of democracy, says:
The people, in whom reside the supreme power, ought
to do of themselves whatever conveniently they can ; and,
what the}7 themselves cannot rightfully perfoim, they must
do bv their ministers.
"The people are extremely well qualified for jchoo^ng |
those whom they are to entrust with a part of their author- |
1 iy. j
" Should we doubt of the people's natural ability, in re- !
spect to the di?cernmentof merit, we need only cast an eye 1
on the continual ^eiies ofsmpn^ing elections, made by the
Athenians and Romans, which no one surely will atrnbiite '
to hazard. But are they .^ble to manage an intricate affair: 1
to find out and make a proper us.e of plaecs, occasions, mo- J
ments? No; as most citizens have a capm-ity of choosing, !
though they are not sufficiently qualified to be chosen, so '
the people, though capable 01 calling others to an account
for theiradmmUtiauoii7 aic incapable of the administration
themselves." ,
A distinguished Senator has laid down the prop- I
osition that, under the power to admit new States,
Congress is forced, by a paramount duty, to see 1
that the constitution of a State asking admission ;
into the Union imbodics the will of the majority |
of the people. Sir, I hold that a constitution I
presented by the regular and legally constituted j
authority, is conclusive upon Congress as to the !
will of the people. We will not allow any such j
issue to be presented. We assert the right of the |
people to form their government; but we hoid, j
and I think I have already shown, that the highest 1
and purest exhibition of their sovereign will, is |
a people acting by their own chosen delegates in
convention assembled. The Federal Government, !
and half of the States of this Union, were formed
in this way, and they need no improvement from
the constitutional tinkering of this day. :
To object that the convention may have abused I
its powers, and that the constitution should be
submitted to a direct popular vote, in order that !
it may be ascertained whether it accords with the \
will of the people, is to beg the question, and to j
strike at the very root of all constitutional and le-
gal authority. It is an objection not to the con- '
stitution of Kansas alone, but to the very genius [
and framework of all representative government.
Upon the same ground that a constitution framed
by delegates should be submitted to the people, it
may also be demonstrated that every law enacted
by Congress, or by a Legislature, and that every
verdict by a jury, or decision of a court, should
likewise bo submitted for the approval of the peo-
ple. Sir, a delegate may misrepresent the pconle;
abenatoror Representative may misrepresent'his
constituents; but the remedy does not lie here in
this central power of the Republic, (more liable to
abuse than any other;) it lies in the hands of the
local constituency, to whom the representatives
are immediately responsible. And here lies (he
efficacy and power of our form of Government.
I he direct responsibility of our rulers to their
constituents, the right of suffrage among the peo-
ple, aided by that great moral engine of freedom,
the liberty of the press, are the vis mcdicalrix na-
tural of our political system, sufficient to remedy
every disorderiuid throw ofEevery impurity, with-
out resorting to violent irregularity and revolu-
tionary action.
When a State applies for admission, Congress
13 bound to subject her to no restrictions exceot
such as Congress may constitutionally impose
upon tho States already composing the Union.
t 1 here is but one limitation which you are bound
r to impose, and that is, that her form of govern-
h ment should be republican. But, under the power
j to guaranty a republican form ofgovernment, you
j ,ve "ot 'no right to range with unlimited discre-
ji ion through every provision of her constitution,
il " crflr.r? menial and local distribution
|j of political power, adjust questions of majority
ij and minority, lay down arbitrary rules of your
j own as to what constitutes republican govern-
ment, and, by compelling her to conform to them,
■! f'n'f I16 f Co"Srcss for hers as to
t: whdUshall be her fundamental law. Are not the
,, constitutions of the original thirteen States pretty
I tail- tests as to what constitutes republican gov
eminent? Can any one say that the ICan*™
We are told by a distinguished gentleman that
he would " pass over forms, ceremonies, and or-
ganizations, to get down deep to the will of the
people." Sir, the will of the people can only be
obtained through these forms, ceremonies, and
organizations; and the structure of our Govern-
ment is intended to provide these forms and or-
ganizations, through which the people can speak
1 authentically and authoritatively. What can he
mean by passing over and disregarding these
forms ? The Constitution of the United States is
a form. Times, places, and maimer of holding
elections, and qualifications of franchise, are but
forms, through winch the people exercise their
j power. This matchless Government, springing
i fiom the Constitution and the division of power
! between the Federal and State Governments, is
butan organization. Would he pass over all these
to get down to what he sees proper to consider
the will of the people ? The doctrine is monstrous,
dangerous, and disorganizing. It gives to the ac-
tion of the regular government no more authority
than belongs to an ordinary, voluntary assem-
blage of citizens, outside of the Constitution and
law. If these views be correct, we had better, at
once, tear down this splendid fabric of American
architecture, and discard conventions, legislatures,
and Congress, as inconvenient, cumbrous super-
fluities, and resort at once to the democratic ab-
solutism of Athens. The doctrine has been in
Europe omnipotent for pulling down forms, cer-
emonies, and organizations, but powerless for
reconstruction; like those serpents in the East,
which, while they inflict a death-blow, breathe
out their own life in the wound of their dynv vic-
tim. " °
We were told by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox,] that the constitution is not republican in
form, because it prohibits amendment, alteration,
or change, until after 1864, and then hampers the
perfectly free action of the people by requiring a
majority of two thirds of the Legislature to con-
cur before they will allow tho majority to call for
amendment. But the climax of anti-republican-
ism is the provision that " no alteration shall be
made to affect ihe rights of property in the own-
ership of slaves;" a doctrine that would tumble
, into irretrievable ruin the Federal Constitution,
. and the constitutions of half the States in the
| Union, including that of the gentleman's own
! u'ate; for there is not one of these which does
not contain as stringent and dilatory limitations
as are tound in this Kansas constitution. The
argument by which he supports this view is, that
the " Democracy, as taught in Ohio, believes in
the repeatability of everything by the popular
voice. Do the Democracy of Ohio consider tho
j clauses of tho Constitution securing all those great
lights such as freedom of speech, freedom ofthe
press, liberty of conscience, inviolability of prop-
erty—repeal,iblc by the popular will? Do the
Democracy of Ohio believe in the repeatability .of
that clause guaranteeing the right of a Slate to
equality of representation in the Senate of the
j IJ in i ed States r T. his may be Democracy in Ohio;
;! I hope it is a Democracy confined to Ohio
;j alone, it may be republicanism, but it is not the
I, constitutional republicanism of America; it is the
11 red republicanism of France. The very tenure
j by winch tho gentleman exercises the privileo-e
i of uttering these objections against-the Kansas
constitution, is an oath to support a Constitution
liable to them all; a Constitution imposing the
heaviest lestrictions on the power of amendment;
a Constitution whose framers intended it, not as'
an instrument of power, but as an instrument of
protection against power.
It would be well for these gentlemen to consider
when, and by whom, this particular mode of
adopting a constitution, which they insist is the
only true mode, was first established. It was not
. „   — 'uiju^au KUV-
ernment ? Can any one say that the Kansas con-
: stitution, tried by this test, the only one which
}ou can rightfully apply, is not a republican form
^ of government? _ Where is the feature in it con-
,, t.aiy to our republican institutions, or repugnant
■ to tho paramount Constitution ofthe Union?
by the fathers of this Republic—the men of 1770.
The Federal Constitution was not submitted for
adoption to a direct vote of the people, nor were
the constitutions of the Old Thirteen. The first
instance in modern times, so far as my reseaiches
go, was the constitution of 1799, which was sub-
mitted the people of France, and accepted by
a vote of three million to fifteen hundred. This
was m accordance with the teachings of Rousseau
the doctrine of unlimited, indivisible, undel-
