1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him to specify any one law there that is copied
exactly from the Missouri code?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not the Missouri
code before me, but if I had time I could point out
a great number. I have examined them, and in
the main they are identically the same. If it were
not so, I want to know why they adopted this
little addendum? If it were not so, what does this
ciause mean ?
Mr. POLK. I will state that that takes for
granted that ail those who voted there were from
Missouri.
Mr. CHANDLER. More than six sevenths
of them were, as I can prove at the*other end of
the Capitol. I can prove to your satisfaction, or
10 that of any man on this floor, that more than
six sevenths of the votes cast at that election were
from Missouri. I will prove it by over three hun-
dred witnesses. I will prove it by three men who
spent weeks in comparing the census list with the
poll list. I have the evidence on hand to prove
what I assert.
Mr. POLK. I shall be glad to have you prove it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I can prove itat anytime.
Icouldsend to the other House now,andgetthree
men, and put them under oath, and they will swear
to the truth of every word I say. It would take
some time to go over the testimony.
Mr. POLK. I should like to know their names.
Mr. CHANDLER. William A. Howard and
John Sherman; the other I forget. 1 go by the
record. I shall have occasion to allude to certain
of those laws that were not taken from the code
of Missouri, but which were considered an im-
provement upon the Missouri code; but I pass
tiicm by for the present.
Under, this code of laws the territorial govern-
ment was organized; and the Armyof the United
States was sent there to enforce them. Men were
hunted down by sheriffs and by posses from other
States, by border-ruffianism everywhere, under
the color of law. Sir, the State of Michigan has
over one thousand of her people in Kansas to-day.
Three of her citizens, and many other good men,
have been murdered in cold blood. Two of them,
Barber and Brown, I know were as good men as
can be found on the face of the earth. The other—
Gay—was Mr. Pierce's land agent for the Terri-
tory. lie was a Nebraska pro-slavery Democrat.
He was met one day, with his son, on the road,
and asked whether he was for free-State or pro-
slavery. He had become a little free-Statish in
his views, and not dreaming of danger, he said,
44 1 am a free-State man," and he was shot down;
and his son, in attempting to defend his father,
received a bullet in his hip, and is now a cripple,
in Michigan. I speak with some feeling, sir. I
have a right to speak with feeling. My own con-
stituents, my own people, have been brutally
murdered, and I should be recreant to my trust
if 1 did n'ot speak with feeling on this subject. I
know the men ftom Michigan who are in Kansas
to be as good men as can be found witlun these
United States, and when any man says that the
emigrants from Michigan to the Territory ofKan-
sas are picked up from the purlieus of cities, I tell
him he knows nothing about the .subject, and that
it is not true. They are as wood men as the State
of Michigan produces; they are honest and brave;
they know liicir right*, and knowing, dare defend
them.
I come next to the election of members of the
constitutional convention. The laws to which 1
have referred were still in force. In the mean
time the Governot s had been changed three times,
and Governor Walker was then m office. We
are not Left to assertion with regard to the frauds
m the election of the constitutional convention. I
refer you to Executive Document No. 8, for the
present session, page 128. There I find a letter
from the Lion. Robert J. Walker, Governor of
Kansas, to the Hon. Lewis Cass, Secretary of
State, supplied to us by the Department of State,
in which Governor Walker says:
"On reference to tlx? territoiial law, under which the
convention \v as assembled, thirty-four re<julaily organized
counues wort- named as election di*mcts for delegates to
tin* convention. In each and all of these counties it was
inquired bv law that a census should bo taken and the voters
roistered ; ami when this was completed, *V delegates to
the convention bhould he appomoiied aceoidnigly. In nine-
teen of these counties there wag no census, and therefore
tijere could be no such apportionment there of delegates
based rpon Mich ceiniH. Arid in fifteen of these counties
of v>tvi >.
il These fifteen counties, including many of the oldest
organized counties of the Territory, were entirely disfran-
chised, and did not give, and (by no fault of their own)
could not give a solitary vote for delegates to the conven-
tion. This resultwas superinduced by the fact that the Ter-
ritorial Legislature appointed all the sheriffs and probate
judges in all these counties, to whom was assigned theduty
by law of making this census and registry. These officers
were political partisans, dissenting from the views and opin-
ions of the people of these counties, as proved by the elec-
tion in October last. These officers, from want of funds,
as ihey allege, neglecterl or refused to take any census or
make any registiy m these counties, and, therefore, they
were entirely disfranchised, and could not,and did not,give
a single vote at the election for delegates to the constitu-
tional convention. And here 1 wish to call attention to the
distinction, which will appear in my inaugural address, m
reference to those counties where the voters were fairly
registered and did not vote. In such counties where a lull
and free opportunity was given to register and vote, and they
did not choose to'exercise that privilege, the question is very
different from those counties where there was no census or
registry, and no vote was given or could bo given, however
anxious the people might be to participate m the election
of delegates to the convention. Nor eoukl it be sa«l these
counties acquiesccd, for whenever they endeavored by a
subsequent census or legistry of their own to supply this
defect, occasioned by the previous neglect of the tenitonal
officers, the delegates thus chosen were rejected by the con-
vention.
" I repeat, that in nineteen counties out of thirty-four
there was no census. In fifteen counties out of thirty-four
there was no registry, and not a solitary vote was given, or
could be given, for delegates to the convention in any one
of these counties. Surely,then,it cannot be saidthatsuch
a convention, chosen by scarcely more than one tenth of the
present voters of Kansas, iCprcsented the people of that
Territory, and could rightfully impose a constitution upon
them without their consent. These nineteen counties in
which there was no census constituted a majority of the
counties of the Territory; and these fil teen counties in which
there was no registiy gave a much largervote, at the Octo-
ber election, even with the six months' qualification, than
the whole vote given to the delegates who signed the Le-
compton constitution on the 7th November last."
Here the fact is shown that for the constitu-
tional convention the people of Kansas did not
and could not vote. It is not true, as has been
asserted, that even in other counties, whore a re-
gistry was taken, it was fairly taken. I was in-
formed by the Mayor of Leavenworth, one of the
oldest citizens there, said to be a man of wealth,
certainly a man of respectability, that his own
name was not placed on the registry list, nor were
one half the names of the free-State settlers in that
city. In every county where a registry was taken,
it was taken fraudulently; free-State men were left
off, and pro-slavery men, who were never known
or heard of in the Territory, were placed on the
list.
When more than half the counties in that Ter-
ritory were disfranchised, when no fair registry
was taken; when the very parties who had de-
frauded the people twice in previous elections,
were to count the votes and make up the poll
lists, it is not surprising that the free-State men
of Kansas did not and would not vote at the elec-
tion for delegates. They could not vote, as is
asserted by Governor Walker. This, it mustbe
remembered, is the evidence of the favorite Gov-
ernor,'of James Buchanan's own selection. This
is no free-State Abolitionist. This is a man who
went there honestly intending to make Kansas
a slave State if he could; but like all other honest
men who have been sent to Kansas, he was very
soon converted from the opinion that the ruffian-
ism was on the side of the free-State people, and
law, order, and peace on the other side. Sir, I be-
lieve? that if you or any other member of this body
—I care not who it be—were sent to Kansas as
Governor, and should remain there three months,
you or ho would stand where Governor "Walker
stands to-day. There is not a member of this
Senate that I would not trust there; and I aver
that such would be the result. But I shall allude
to that matter hereafter. I now proceed to the
submission of the constitution.
Illegally elected as it was—elected by only two
thousand votes, when, as is asserted by "Gov-
ernor Walker, there were more voters in the
counties where no registry was taken than cast at
this election—the convention met. I assert it to
be the truth that but for the pledges given by Gov-
ernor Walker and Secretary Stanton, that con-
vention would never have assembled in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. You had not United States
bayonets enough there to have kept it in session
but for the pledges given by Governor Waiker and
Secretary Stanton, that the constitution should
be fairly submitted to a full vote of the people.
But, sir, I come to the submission. President
Buchanan, through his Secretary of State, Gen-
eral Lev/is Cass, gave the following instructions
to Mr. Walker when he went to Kansas as Gov-
ernor:
" It is c the imperative and indispensable duty of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to secure to every resident
inhabitant the free and independent expression of Ins opin-
ion by his vote. This sacred right of each individual must
be preservedand,1 that being accomplished, nothing can
be fairer than to leave the people of a Terntoiy free from
all foieign intei ferencc to decide their own destiny for them-
selves, subject only to the Constitution of the United
States.'  
Again:
" When such a constitution "shall be submitted to the
people of the Territory, they must be protected in Uv3 ex-
ercise of their right of voting for or against that instiument;
and the fair e\piession oft he popular will must not be inter-
rupted by fraud or violence."
These are the instructions under which Gov-
!j ernor Walker acted. Mark the words: "When
such a constitution shall be submitted"—not when
a slavery clause, but when the " constitution shall
be submitted" to the people of the Territory—
" they must be protected in the exercise of their
right of voting for or against that instrument."
But again, on page III of the same document
to which I have alluded, you will find, in Gen-
eral Cass's letter to Mr. Stanton, the same lan-
guage reiterated as late as November 30, 1857:
" When such a constitution shall be submitted to the peo-
ple of the Terntory, they must be protected in the exercise
of their right of voting for or against that instiument, and
the fair expression of the popular will must not be inter-
rupted by iraud or violence."
Here is iteration after iteration that the consti-
tution should be submitted to the peop'e, and that
no fraud or violence should interfere with its fair
submission. Then we come to the assurances
given by Governor Walker, which satisfied the
free-State people that it would be submitted, and
submitted to a fair vote. He says, m his letter
of Jufy 15:
" It was, however, universally admitted that, but for the
position assumed m my inauguial address, and emphati-
cally lepeated at Topeka, the people of Kansas, so far as
my powei extended, should be permitted, by a full vote
ot the actual lesidents of Kansas, to decide upon the great
question of the adoption or iejection of the State constitu-
tion to be prepared by the constitutional convention which
should assemble at Lecomptori in Septembei next, that the
moic violent eoui&e would have pievuiled, and the Terri-
tory have been immediately involved in a gcneiai and san-
guinary civil war, postponing, for the present at least, if not
indefinitely, any pacific settlement of these momentous
questions."
fte says further, in the same letter:
" I urged that they were pursuing a course in opposition
to the laws, which never could lead to any sucee?sful re-
sult, and urged them to unite in voting lor or against the
adoption of su«.h a constiiutiou as might be i-ubniitted for
their consideration by the constitutional convention winch
would assemble in September next on the call of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature. i endeavored to convince them thatthe
so-called Republican paity of Kansas, and theii ossociates
in the United States, had endeavoied, and still denned, as
set forth in their platform, to deprive the people of Kansas
of the light to adopt their own social institutions, and had
icfcired tin?, question to Congress, wheic the people of the
Ten itory would have no vote whatever; and continued my
efforts on tins ground, in connection with other topics, to
sepaiate the free State Democrats from any alliance with
the Republicans."
Here we get the meat in the cocoanut at last:
" to separate free-State Democrats from nny alli-
ance with Republicans." They were going to de-
stroy the Republican party then ! These pledges
were given in the broadest and most emphat-
ical manner—given every where—from the stump,
from the rostrum, in private conversation, and
everywhere throughout that Territory. Governor
Walker, under the instructions which I have read
you from James Buchanan, through his Secretary
of State, Lewis Cass, that it should be submitted,
gave them the most positive assurances that, in
any event, this constitution should he submitted
to a fair vote of the people. Then, speaking of
the Democratic convention in Kansas, he says:
" A resolution was offered by the pro slavery delegate,
instiucfmg the nominee of the paity for Congress to *-uppoi t
thete the adoption of the State constitution, winch might be
fiamod by the constitutional convention which should as-
semble in September next, whether the-ainehad been sub-
mitted for! anfication by the vote of the people or not. Very
able addresses weio made on this resolution,and especially
by Judge Elmore, of Alabama, who carnestlv advocated the
submission of the constitution to the vote of the people, as
the only cour.-e that was safe oi proper. This is the more
iinpoitant, as Judge Ehnoie a man of veiy decided ability
and ofeat influence with the pio slevery party. Uo was
pie-ideut ol this Demoeiatic convention, "and is a delegate
to the constitutional convention which assembles in Sep-
tembei nevt. Tin* resolution, which was regarded as sub-
stannally* against the submission of the constitution to the
vote of the people, wa<* laid on the table a3 a test vote, by a
vote or foity-two to one."
Forty-two to one of this Democratic convention
