2114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
penitentiary building of New Mexico has been
begun, and I have the estimates before me of the
superintendent of public buildings in that Terri-
tory. These estimates have been furnished by
that superintendent to the Treasury Department.
I hope that the course suggested by the gentle-
man from Georgia will be adopted, and that the
bills will be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken on Mr. Clark's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I hope that, by
unanimous consent, the bill in reference to the
capitol of Nebraska Territory, at Omaha City,
will be taken from the table, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I wish to say simply that there has been a great
deal of work done 011 that capitol. It has been
certified to by the proper officers, but the amount
has not been paid on account of the appropriation
having been exhausted. I undertake to say that
there is money now due on that capitol to me-
chanics and laboring men for work done and
materials furnished. It has not been paid for the
reason I have staged. Let us, if we do nothing
more, provide for the work done and the materials
furnished.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 thought that the
bill to which the gentleman has referred was dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. It has been laid upon the
table, and the gentleman now asks unanimous
consent of the fiouso for leave to take it from the
table, and refer it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I cannot give my
consent. I want some system adopted.
Mr. BLAIR. I state to the gentleman the facts
in this case, and then if he objects, of course the
bili must pass by. A large amount of money is
duo to mechanics and laboring men.
Mr. McQ.UEEN'. I object to debate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill to complete a capitol
building in Nebraska Territory was laid upon the
table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to; and then,
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the bill
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEES DISCHARGED.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, it
was
Ordered, That the Committee on Torn tone-; ho (It^ohar^rod
from the fiuther eotwdeiaium of n m.'inoi ral for indemnity
tor property lost m Utah; and iliat the same be hud upon
the wide.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on a resolution of the
territorial convention of Oregon, praying for an
appropriation 10 jmyihe expenses of the conven-
tion which framed the constitution of the Terri-
tory; on a memorial of certain citizens of New
York with reference to an overland mail route to
the Pacific; and on a memorial of the constitu-
tional convention of the Territory of Utah pray-
ing to be admitted into theUnion as aSuto; and
asked that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of them respectively; and
that the reports be laid on the table, and printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. ZOLLICOPPER, from the same commit-
too, presented an adverse repoit on the petition
of certain citizens of Memphis, Tennessee, with
reference to donations of land to actual settlers in
Arizona, and asked that the committee he dis-
charged from the further consideiation thereof;
and that the report be laid 011 the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. GRANGER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Territories to report adversely on a
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, asking for an appropria-
tion for the benefit of public schools in said Ter-
ritory, and to ask that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the peti-
tion be laid on the table.
It was so oidered.
Mr. GRANGER. The committee has also had
under consideration a memorial of Abelard Guth-
rie, praying for compensation as a Delegate from j
the Territory of Nebraska, and I am instructed to
report adversely thereon. The service for which
this remuneration is claimed was done before Ne-
braska was a Territory. I ask that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial, and that it be laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. ICNAPP, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on the memorial of John Bee-
son, and asked that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration thereof, and that
it be laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on'Territories what has become
of the bill which I introduced at the beginning of
the session, and which was referred to that com-
mittee, providing penalties against polygamy?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The Commit-
tee on Territories have made no report on that
subject. My attention was called to it yesterday,
and I have searched for the bill, but could not
find it among the papers of the committee.
Mr. GROW. That bill, I believe, was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have searched
among the papers of the Committee 011 Territo-
ries, and have not been able to find the bill. I do
not wibh, however, to have the time of the House
this morning taken up with that subject.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
I now move the usual resolution, closing de-
bate on House bill No. 544, in five minutes after
its consideration shall have been resumed in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. English in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of territorial business.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The first bill on the Calendar of territorial busi-
ness was House bill (No. 544) to ascertain and
settle the private land claims in the Territoiy of
New Mexico, the pending question being on the
following amendment, submitted yesterday by
Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky:
Amend the bill by m ertmg after the enacting clause as
follow-*:
Skctiov. I. The United States ofAinenea do hereby vest
in the holdci 01 holdeis of real estate in .Vevv Mexico, ac-
qiiued I10111 Spam or Mexico puor to the treaty of (Jtnda-
lupe Hidalgo, all the title which would be vested m them
ie-.peetiveiv by a patent fiom the'United State* of Amenca:
9Piovi<1ed, The holder orholdeis of smcli claun shall evinbit
Iuj claim before the di-jtuci court ot the United States 111
the Tenuoiy of Now Mexico ; and said court, toeing guided
by the tieatv aforesaid,'the laws of Spam and Mexico, the
laws of the United States, and thedeciMons of the Supreme
of the United .State?*, shall desire m favor of the Co-
tiibln-hment of such claim, whether the same be inchoate
oi otherwise: *1nd provided further. That twenlv venrs'
peaceable possession under claim of title shall by t.aid couit
bo accepted as conclusive evidence of title, and -hall cnti-
tic the claimant or claimants to the decree establishing ins
or their claim. But the. United Stares do not, bv author- J
lzmg such deciec, guaranty the title of such cla'unaut or
claimants against anv title superior in law or equity, con-
flicting with the claim so established.
Sec. 0. ft shall b<3 the duty of the clerk of the district
court to transfer to the office of the surveyor general of the
United States in New Mexico an exemplified office copy
oi every decree so rendeied in favor of the claimant, which
the -uuvcyor general shall lecoul ni his office ; and the same
shall be sufficient reason for b m to abstain fiom suiveving
such claim as public land.
Sec. (3. In the event of a decision by tbe couit against
th" claimant, he shall be entitled to an appeal to the circuit
and Supreme Couils of the United State:,, tbe decision of
which Supreme Court shall be final.
Mr. OTERO. I desire to occupy the time of
the committee for a few minutes 011 the bill now
under consideration. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky provides for the
rectification of these land claims by the courts of
the Territory of New Mexico. Now, I submit
that the United States courts in the Territory of
New Mexico have got something else to attend
to than adjudicating private land claims. Under
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo the Government
ot the United States is under an obligation to ratify
and make our land titles good. It is not, as the
gentleman from Kentucky says, that, by the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, they are good; but
the Government is bound to make them good.
And how is it to be done ? Only by carrying out
the provisions of this bill; by sending a board of
commissioners, as you have sent boards to Lou-
isiana and to Missouri; and by ascertaining and
fixing private land claims there. That is the only
way m which you can carry out the provisions of
I the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. I agree with
i the gentleman from Kentucky that, by that treaty,
| we are secured in our titles; but you must make
! them good in some other form. It is necessary
| that Congress and the Government should act
j upon this matter. Squatters come and settle on
| our lands, and dispute our rights. We have to go
1 before the courts; and everlasting litigations will
j come up. If I have three leagues of land, the
1 squatters may come by hundreds on my property;
1 and I have got to bring ejectments against each
one of them. They do not recognize any act of
Mexico, or any treaty. They have not done so
in California. Everybody knows that the squat-
ters went on the lands of the Mexicans there, and
never recognized any of their rights. They will
do the same thing in ourTewitoiy. This bill has
been prepared by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office. The surveyor general of the
Territory recommends that such a bill should be
passed. The Secretary of the Interior has also
recommended it. He says:
" A due regard for the public interests, as well as a proper
respectfoi the prosperity and advancement ot New Mexico,
1 would justify if not loudly call upon Congress to establish
] a land office and <1 board of commissioners for the adjudsca-
; tion of Spanish and Mexican claims in that Teintoiy. it
I is impoitant to its future prospeuty promptly to separate
j puvate ptoperty fiom public lands, before the settlements
j become dense, and consequent conflicts of claims and titlea
i arise."
; That is what the Secretary of the Interior says,
i Your public surveys cannot go on in the Territory
, of New Mexico until you separate the private land
claims from the public domain; and no lands can
! consequently be put up for sale.
[ Here the hammer fell, the hour having arrived
\ at which the general debate upon the bill was
| closed by the order of the House.
I Mr. SANDIDGE. I offer the followingamend-
j ment to the substitute of the gentleman from Ken-
j tucky, [Mr. Marshall:]
j til bectiim one, after the word claim," insert the words,
, " u, hi hundred and torly acres of land, including the home-
I s.-te.-.d,'1' so that it will read :
j JImI provided further. That twenty years' oeaceable pos-
! sesr-ion under claim of title shall by said couit be accepted
a.s conclusive evidence of title, and shall entitle the claim-
j ant or claimants to the decree establishing hi> or then claim
to t-.v: bundled and forty acres of land, including the home-
stead.
And at the end of the second section add :
'v And the boundaries thereof shall be e-tabhr-hed by «aid
sui vcyoi gpuciaJ, and reported to the Government f' so that
it will lead :
Sf-c \> It (.hall he the duty of the clerk of the district
com t to transfer to the officoof the surveyor geneial of the
United Wfates in New Mexico an exemplified office copy
of eveiy dccicc so rendeird in favor ofthe claimant, which
the surveyor jreueial shall record in hte office ; and the same
shall be Midieienf rea>on (or him to abstain from survey nuj
such claim us public lund ; and the boundaries thereof shall
be established by said surveyor general, and lepoited to the
Government.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to oppose that
amendment. It seems to me that it is rather a
novel proposition. Suppose a man in New Mex-
ico owns one thousand two hundred and ei-r'ity
acres of land: is it to be insisted here undertli;.s
amendment that he shall have only six hundred
and forty acres of what he actually owns ? or if
he is only entitled to three hundred acres, and owns
no raoie, is he to have six hundred and forty acres
under the orders of this board ? My friend fr.nn
Oregon suggests that we might as well give up all
the lands in New Mexico. I think it very prob-
able that they will never yield much from land
sales. This donation act wiil give them nearly all
the land in the Territory pretty much as fast as
they can come in to occupy it; and until the lands
are taken up by the donation acts, nothing like
regular sales can be had.
But, sir, I really do not see the necessity of any
legislation upon this subject at all. Here we are
legislating for the protection of the land titles of
these parties, when nobody is controverting the
titles, or raising questions in regard to them. Now,
who is assailing the claims of these parties in New
Mexico ? Who is raising questions in regard to
