1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§3
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Increase of the Army—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
rented power of the people—a doctrine almost
identical in terms to that upon which the opposi-
tion to the admission of Kansas rests. What was
the lesult? Tne sovereignty of the people was
established and recognized, the Iving was be-
headed, the nobility were banished, the religion
abolished, property confiscated, and France con-
verted nito one moral and political volcano, from
the conflict of whose discordant elements arose
the demon of centralization and military despot-
ism, the rod of Whose power smote down all the
•valuable rights of the people, and the cherished
interests of humanity. It was during the prog-
. i ess of this fanatical and bloody- drama, that one
of its most conspicuous and sanguinary actors,
appalled by the magnitude of the power which
he had invoked, exclaimed, " Do you not see the
project of appeal to the people tends but to de-
stroy the representative body? It is sporting
with the sovereign majesty of the people to return
to it n work which it charges you to terminate
piomptly."
The next constitution submitted to the people
was the consular constitution of 1803—only three
years later—making Napoleon Bonaparte Consul
tor life, and conferring on him the power of naming
his successor and the Senate; in other words, a
despotism. It was submitted to the vote of the
people of France, and accepted by three million
five hundred and sixty-eight thousand eight hun-
' died and eighty-five against eight thousand three
hundred and seventy-four. And from that time
the unlimited sovereignty of the people has been
the potent instrument by which the Napoleons
ha\e fastened upon France a despotism more
grinding and debasing than that of the Autocrat
of Russia. The fathers of our Republic proceeded
on principles totally opposite. Adoptingas a fun-
damental dogma that all political power springs
fiomthe people, they insisted, and incorporated it
into their organic law, that tins power should not
be unlimited and absolute. They accoidingly es-
tablished our grand system of representative gov-
ernment, with its checks, balances, guaiantecs,
and organic laws—Uie noblest political institution
that adorns the pages of the history of civiliza- !
tion, and which experience has shown to be the
only means of securing and diffusing among the
people that broad, civil liberty which constitutes
the distinguishing features of the American and
Ihiush Governments. I say British Government;
ft11 the statesmen of 1776 founded our institutions,
rot upon Utopian theories, but upon those great
fundamental principles of the common law inher-
ited from our Saxon ancestois, which guarantied
to lCnglish freemen the right of personal security,
pei.sona! liberty, and private property, with their
ju«i icial safeguards and protecting forms, as invio-
lable and irrepenlable by any power on earth.
The convention in Kansas, having declared in
tin ir fundamental law that the right of pioperty
iii isiavt s, already existing, shall not be interfiled
wiih, has only given a constitutional sanction to
h principle as old as the foundations of free gov-
ernment. And, sir, Congress is bound by the
most solemn obligation that honor can impose, to
admit her with this very clause in her constitu-
tion. Sir, we of the South demand the redemp-
tion of your pledge. The issue is boldly tendered,
and we are ready to go before the great Areopa-
gus of the American people upon it. And when
the enemies of Kansas shall attempt to justify
their opposition to her by invoking a principle
which has deluged Europe m blood, only to sink
her into more degraded despotism, we will justify i
her admission upon the principles which he at
the foundation of our Republic. We will call
tipon the people to stand true to the traditions of
our ancestors and the practice of the Government
when Washington was President, and the men of
the Revolution ministered at the altars of liberty.
One word on the bill introduced into this douse
by a member from Massachusetts, [Mi. Banks,]
calling another convention in Kansas for the pur-
pose of training a second constitution to be sub-
mitted to the people for acceptance or rejection.
3Vlr. Chairman, Congress has no more right to
call a convention of the people of Kansas than it
has to call such a convention in New York. By
9 the act of Congress, and the action of her people,
the entire relation of Kansas to this Government
■ has been changed.. It is no longer a Territory of
| these United States. She has, oy your own au-
| thority and permission, thrown off'the habiliments
| of territorial dependence, and stands now a State,
I clothed with all the attributes and powers of a
| State, and asks admission as an equal m this noble
i confederation of sovereignties. You may reject
j her application, if you will; butitwill be at your
| own peril. To remand her to her territorial con-
j dition you cannot, any more than you can roll
| back to their hidden sources the waters of the
j Mississippi. Kansas is a separate* organized,
' living State, with all the nerves and arteries of life
in full development and vigorous activity. Be-
tween your laws and her people she can interpose
the broad and radiant shield of State sovereignty,
and may laugh to scorn your enabling acts;
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
SPEECH OF HON. JEFF'N DAVIS;
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the Senate, February 10 and II, 1858.
[revised by iiimseu'.*]
The Senate having under consideration the bill to increase
the military establishment of the United States, and the
pending question being ou the motion of' Mr. Toombs to
strike out the first section, in the following words:
" That there shall be added to each of the regiments of
dragoons, cavalry, infantry, and of mounted riflemen, two
companies, to be organized m the same manner as the com-
panies now comport)? fhe«e arms respectively*, and to re-
ceive tile s-iune pay and allowances, and to be eutuled to the
same provisions and benefits in eveiy u'speet, as are au-
thorized by the existing laws ; they shall be subject to the
rule^and aitlelesof war,and the enh>t ;d men are to be re-
ciuited in the ^amc; manner as other troops, With the same
conditions and limitations"—
Mr. DAVIS said:
Mr. President: The proposition before the
Senate is to strike out that section of the bill which
provides foraddingtwocompanies to certain regi-
! ments of the Army, being those regiments which
| now have but ten companies. I hope.the Senate
| will decide to retain that section,for reasons which
I will offer at this time.
I think the organization, as I stated on a former
occasion, will be more complete, because it will
give regiments divisible into three battalions of
i four companies each. It will give the power to di-
! vide regimpnts without dividing battalions so as to
I garrison three posts by each regiment, or, if you
j please, six posts, without reducing any post to a
single company. 1 will here say to Senators as
a military question, that it is a very great disad-
vantage to troops to separate them into garrisons
consisting of a single company, and that that dis-
advantage is not to be overcome by multiplying
the rank and file. You must have the number of
officers to perform the duties that devolve on com-
missioned officers, and cannot advantageously be
intrusted to anybody else. To maintain discipline
and to perform the duty in a responsible manner,
| you require at least the number of officers that
will be afforded by two companies. You cannot,
therefore, without injury to the public service, rely
on one company to constitute a gairison instead
of two, though the rank and lile may have been
doubled.
That is one reason. Another is, that by increas-
ing the number of companies, you give thatadvant- ;
age which the Senator from Texas [Mr. Hous-
ton] has illustrated in stating his opinion of the
present defect in the Army—the want of an op-
portunity of promotion and inducement to the rank
and file. These additional companies not only
increase the number of non-commissioned, but
also the number of commissioned officers. They
give an increased opportunity to worthy men,
who enter the ranks of the Army by enlistment, to
rise to the grade of commissioned officers. They
give additional nucleus on which, in time of war,
you can aggregate the raw material of recruits,
and increase the power of the standing Army of
the United States.
Here I would say to the Senator from Texas,
that he was egregiously mistaken in his argument
that a law had grown up by usage, which, for the
benefit of thegiaduates of the Military Academy,
* For the original report, see pages 643 and 687 Congres-
sional Globe."
now excludes the rank and file from promotion in
the Army. He said it is not as it was in the war
of 1812. I wish to correct that error; for, in the
wisdom of Congress upon the recommendation
of the last Administration, the two Houses of the
last Congress, adopted a provision, for the first
|| time in this Government, which made it quite easy
for the Executive to provide for the certain pro-
motion of a non-commissioned officer who proved
himself -worthy. For the first time, I say, since
the organization of our Army, the last Congress
did provide forconferring brevets on non-commis-
sioned officers, and thus made them certain of
promotion, though the graduates of the Military
Academy should be equal to all the vacancies
which should occur within the ensuing year. The
Senator, therefore, was mistaken in assuming that
I the door to promotion had been closed against the
j rank and file of the Army.
| Another Senator (the Senator from Georgia
j [Mr. Toombs] I think it was) asserted that, for a
great number of years, no such promotions had oc-
curred. There the mistake wasequallygreat; such
promotions have been made from time to time.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is mistaken; I
expressed no opinion on that point.
Mr. DAVIS. It was not,then, the Senator from
Georgia, but somebody else; but as I am nftaking
points, not on individuals, but on the merits of
tho question, it makes no difference who it was.
Whoever it was, it is erroneous. Promotions of
that kind have been made by nominations to the
Senate, and confirmations by the Senate. Those
who had been sergeants were also appointed to
the grade of commissioned officers in the new
regiments that were provided for three years ago;
where no vacancies exist for an appointment, the
recent law authorizes promotion by brevet; and
never before, in the history of the Army, has the
rank and file had so wide and open a door, during
peace, to enter into the grade of commissioned
officers as now. Nor is this opportunity for pro-
motion rendered illusory and impracticable of at-
tainment for the want of that high degree of edu-
cation which the standard of West Point requires
of its graduates. A military examination is re-
quired , and is necessary to prevent the attainment
of such promotion by favoritism only; but that
examination requires only the elements of a com-
mon school education; no more than is necessary
for the proper discharge of a subaltern's duties.
This proposition to increase the number of com-
panies is but widening.that door which admits the
rank and filo to rise to the gVade of commissioned
officers. It increases the numberof commissioned
officers who will serve in detached posts, thus
relieving them from the danger and the toil of a
responsibility which they cannot properly meet if
reduced to the small number of two or three, to
perform, not only their regular duties, but ail the
staff duties of a garrison.
I hope, therefore, that the Senate, if they think
that the addition of the thirty companies and the
increase of the maximum of the strength of each
company to ninety-six will give more troops than
are required, will prefer rather to keep down the
maximum, as itis now, to seventy-four, and give
the additional companies. I believe it will createa
more effective force than is to be obtained by in-
| creasing the maximum of the rank and file of the
j Army—a measure which will have really but little
j effect, on account of the power of the War-De-
! partment to send out unattached recruits, and
| thus bring them to the distantpostsatatimewhen
J the company has been wasted below the maxi-
' mum of seventy-four.
! If, then, the purpose of the Senate be to limit
the size of the Army to any certain standard, it is
suggested to them that they shall, in consideration
of the great interest which is involved, strike from
the bill the second section, taking the numerical
strength away which that would confer, and leave
the first section, which perfects our system and
enables us to occupy the great number of posts we
! now have with our small Army, without reducing
the number of commissioned officers at each post
below that which will enable them efficiently to
perform every duty.
On account of the statements which have been
made in relation to the strength of the Army, so
; greatly exaggerated beyond the reality, I have
