1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nication it might be his pleasure to make, have
performed that duty, and received for answer that
he would immediately make a communication to
each House in writing.
Mr. J. B. Henry, the President's Private Sec-
retary, shortly afterwards appeared below the bar,
and said:
I am directed by the President of the United
States to deliver to the Senate his annual mes-
sage in writing, with the accompanying docu-
ments.
The Secretary read the message. [See the Ap-
pendix for it.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. I offer the following:
Ordered, That the usual number of copies of the message
and accompanying documents be printed, and fifteen thou-
sand additional copies of the message and accompanying
documents be printed for the use of the Senate.
Before I yield the floor, 1 desire simply to state
that'I have listened to the message with great
pleasure, and concur cordially in much the greater
part of it, and in most of the views expressed;
but in regard to one topic—that of Kansas—I to-
tally dissent from all that portion of the message
which may fairly be construed as approving of
the proceedings of the Lecompton convention.
At an early period I shall avail myself of an op-
portunity to state my reasons for this dissent,
and also to vindicate the right of the people of
the Territory of Kansas to be left perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way according to the organic act.
Mr. GWIN. I offer this as a substitute for the
resolution of the Senator from Illinois. I think
it covers more ground:
Ordered, That the usual number of the message and doc-
uments be printed, and that fifteen thousand copies of the
message and accompanying documents, in addition to the
usual number, be printed lor the use of the Senate, by the
Printer of the Senate for the last Congress, at rates not ex-
ceeding those established by existing laws, and that all other
orders for printing made, until a Printer shall be chosen, be
executed by the late Punter on the same terms.
This is a resolution simply to point out the
manner in which the work shall be printed, and
by whom.
Mr. STUART. I do not propose to say any-
thing on the subject of this last proposition; but
I deem it my duty to say a word in concurrence
with what has been said by the Senator from Illi-
nois. The principal topics of the President's
message hare been treated in a manner which not
only meets my entire approbation, but I think I
may safely add, in as able a manner as was
within the power of any man.
In respect to that portion of the message relat-
ing to the constitutional convention of Kansas,
if I could agree with the President in his reason-
ing, in so far as he seeks to show that the prin-
ciples of the organic act of that Territory have
been complied with, I might agree with his con-
clusions; but believing that the principles of the
organic act have been violated by the action of
that convention, and that in no event can the peo-
ple of the Territory be left as that act declared
they should be—"perfectly free to form and reg-
ulate their domestic institutions in their own
way"—unless there shall be some future light
which will show me that the action of this con-
vention has been misrepresented and is not cor-
rectly understood either by the President or by
myself, I never can give it my support.
At a future day I shall deem it my duty to go
into this subject at length. I shall now conclude
by saying that in my action upon this subject
hereafter, as heretofore, I will insist to the extent
of my ability that the people of Kansas shall be
treated like all other people, and shall have the
fullest, the freest opportunity to form and regu-
late such institutions as they may see fit to hve
under; and whether they are in accordance with
my tastes or against them, will not at all affect my
action on the question.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think it is pre-
mature to discuss the message. I do not propose
to do so. The remarks of the two honorable
Senators on my right seem to be directed entirely
to the action of the convention, and to the phrase
about the people being left free to form their in-
stitutions in their own way. I could scarcely
institute an argument on a proposition so plain as
that the people may act either by popular vote or
through their delegates; and it is a denial of sov-
ereignty to the people to say they have not the
power to elect their delegates and to invest them
with authority to form an instrument which shall
be binding on the body-politic. They might, if
they chose, by popular vote settle the whole
question. They did choose to have delegates in
convention. They might, if they had so chosen,
have directed those delegates to refer the question
back to them; and so might the body-politic direct
the Legislature to submit every act to a popular
vote. It rests on them to decide one way or the
other. I do not understand the doctrine to the
extent of the remarks that are made.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall certainly not engage in
any discussion of the main question at this time;
but as two distinguished Senators from the north-
ern part of the Union, of my own party, have de-
clared an emphatic difference with the President
on so much of his message as relates to the affairs
of Kansas, I desire simply to say, that I just as
emphatically concur in these views. I cannot
agree with my friend from Illinois as to the con-
struction he has given to the rights of the people
of Kansas. Nor can I see that any right of theirs
under the organic act, or that their liberty to any
extent, is to be impaired by the doctrines of the
message. Of course it would be unbecoming to
go into the details of the argument at present. I
do not intend to do so. I simply rose for the pur-
pose of declaring that when we shall have heard
the extended remarks of the Senator from Illinois,
with all deference to his admitted intelligence and
ability on this subject, I shall make the best reply
I can, unless he convinces me that the President
is mistaken as to the facts and theory of this case;
of which I have no apprehension.
Mr. BROWN. I think that a discussion of
this question now is altogether premature. Inti-
mations are thrown out first on one side and then
on the other, which I think, in the present aspect
of the subject, can lead to no good result; and
that we may all sleep to-night on the message
before we undertake to discuss it, I move that
the Senate adjourn
Several Senatoks. Oh, no. Withdraw the mo-
tion .
Mr. BROWN. If the vote on the order for
printing can be taken without further discussion,
I will not press the motion.
Mr. HUNTER. If there is to be a debate on
this question, I ask to be allowed, by general con-
sent, to move that the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury be taken up, with a view to its
printing.
Mr. GWIN. There is no objection to print-
ing the message.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is something to be
said m regard to that.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to ask the Senator from
California a question in reference to his amend-
ment. Does the motion to print the ordinary
number of copies of the message include the doc-
uments ? The journal of the convention, the con-
stitution, the census which was taken, the appor-
tionment, and some other documents relating to
Kansas, I should like to have printed, at as
early a day as practicable; for my own opinion
will depend, in a great degree, on what is con-
tained in them. I hope the Senator will make his
motion so that not only the message, but those
documents which relate to the aftairs of Kansas,
may be printed in advance of any others, that
we may have copies within a few days, espe-
cially if there is to be a debate on the subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. The two resolutions be-
fore us, as I understand them, involve very dif-
ferent subjects. That of the Senator from Illinois
is merely for printing the President's message,
and extra numbers of that message; the other is
a proposition for printing extra numbers of the
message and accompanying documents,and regu-
lating the manner of their printing. This is a
subject which ought to be discussed and consid-
ered. For one, ! have no objection at ail to print-
ing the President's message, but I have an objec-
tion to printing extra numbers of that message.
My objection is simply that it is utterly useless.
Formerly, in the early stages of our Government,
i these extra numbers were printed for purposes of
! distribution. Now, before we can get a copy of
i the message printed here and sent off, it will be
{ in all the papers of the Union, and in every house
| in the country. I have no objection to printing
: the message for the use of members, but I have
an objection to printing extra numbers of it, be-
cause to do so is utterly useless; and I trust that
this usage of the Senate, which originated early,
may cease. As to printing extra numbers of the ac-
companying documents,! take it that is a subject
whicli should go to the Committee on Printing.
In due time we can consider it, but it should not
be passed on at the present moment.
. Mr. GWIN. My proposition is in almost the
same words as the resolution adopted two years
ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark to the Senate that, under the rule, the
usual number can be printed, by a vote of a ma-
jority of the Senate, at once. A motion ,to print
extra numbers must go to the Committee on
Printing, when such a committee shall be organ-
ized, unless by unanimous consent the reference
be dispensed with.
Mr. HAMLIN and others. The usual num-
ber is enough.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from California, in order to
I ask that the resolution
as now amended maybe read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That the usual number of the message and doc-
uments be printed, and that fifteen thousand copies of the
message and accompanying documents, in addition to the
usual number, be printed for the use of the Senate, by the
Printer of the Senate for the fast Congress, at rates not ex-
ceeding those established by existing laws; and that all
other orders for printing, made until a Printer to the Serrate
shall be chosen, be executed by the late Printer on the
same terms.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With regard to the last
part of the proposition, as to who shall do this
work, I have no interest in that matter, and de-
sire to say nothing about it. Most of the Sen-
ators who were members of the last Congress,
will undoubtedly recollect that we had a slight
discussion on the question of printing at the be-
ginning of the last session. I do not know that
it would do any good to allude to the point, but
there is a little question of economy in reference
to it, which you, sir, and I, are familiar with from
having considered the subject in the Committee
on Printing of which we were then members. It
is useless, as stated by my friend from Vermont,
to print extra copies of the message proper. It
was urged very strongly then that it was per-
fectly useless; but certain Senators desired and
perhaps thought it was important to send this
matter to their constituents in the form of a printed
sheet, and therefore it passed. The expense of
that alone is not great; but the resolution as it
stands involves the printing of all the documents,
and printing them immediately. The Printing
Committee last year came to the conclusion, as
many others did, and as must be obvious to every-
body, that there is a vast deal of matter commu-
nicated to Congress m the annual message and
accompanying documents that is not of the slight-
est service in the world to anybody. Nobody
ever reads it, and it would be of no consequence if
it were read. I allude to the tables and bids for
contracts, and all sorts of things, that only go to
lumber up the books, and make them unwieldy
and unprofitable in every particular to us and
their readers, and yet which involve a large ex-
pense in printing.
Now, what I am about to suggest is, that before
we adopt the order for printing the usual number
of copies, the whole matter, with regard to the
documents, should be sent to the Committee on
Printing. Let us have that matter investigated
and reported upon before making the order, be-
cause the moment you print the usual numberof
copies, that involves the printing of the whole;
and, when the whole is printed, or put in type
ready to be struck off, the argument is, that it is
a very slight expense to print the extra number,
and therefore we may as well print the whole,
now that we have begun to print a portion. I
ask whether the motion to printcannot be divideu
so that we may take the question in the first
place on the motion to print the message alone,
which is of immediate interest, with extra num-
bers, if members desire that extra numbers be
prin ted; and that the question with regard to print-
ing the documents accompanying the President's
message may first go to the Committee on Print-
inn- in order to ascertain how much of the matter
that is communicated it is advisable to print. If
it is in order, I ask for a division of the question,
so that we may vote first on printing the i
alone.
