54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 10,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Increase of the Army—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
thought it necessary to make an exact statement
of what the Army is. It is now composed, includ-
ing ail arms of the service which go into the field,
(not including engineer soldiers or ordnance sol-
diers,) of one hundred and ninety-eight compa-
nies, which, according to the fixed establishment
of the Army, to be found in a table in the Army
Register of this year, at page 41, gives a number
of privates equal to nine thousand and sixty-six,
supposing every company to be full up to the
organization of the peace establishment; adding
non-commissioned officers and musicians, you get
the total of enlisted men eleven thousand eight
hundred and thirty-eight. In 1850, on account of
the necessity of troops on the frontier, Congress
provided that at distant stations, and on the emi-
grant routes, the President should have authority
to increase the privates in any company so em-
ployed to seventy-four; and this is the number
which is taken frorii the Secretary of War's report.
It is not the peace establishment; it is not the fixed
establishment of the Army; but it is the increase
authorized by Congress to be made in certain con-
tingencies. The Army being now stationed almost
entirely on the frontier, art authorized and actual
strength is casually obtained as set forth in the
report of the Secretary of War. If every com-
pany in the Army was on frontier duty, or in cam-
paign, there would be a still higher possible num-
ber. It might in that contingency go up to about
nineteen thousand.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him. I have an authentic statement
from the Adjutant General's office, showing the
present numerical distribution of the Army by
military departments. The department of the
east, including forts and fortresses, has eight hun-
dred and sixty-nine men; the department of Flor-
ida, thiee hundred and thirty-seven; Kansas, Ne-
braska, Minnesota, and Arkansas, three thou-
sand six hundred and seventy-six; the department
of Texas, two thousand and forty-nine; New
Mexico, two thousand two hundred and forty;
the department of the Pacific, two thousand five
hundred and seventeen; the army of Utah, one
thoiisandeighthundrcdnndeighty-sevcn; making
the total of the Army of the United States at
present only thirteen thousand five hundred and
sevonty-five. That is the whole Army at pres-
ent.
Mr. DAVIS, flint is in consequence of the
wasting which occurred after the month of June,
when the actual force was stated in the report of
the Secretary of War, which has been so often
read to the Senate. The actual number is a fluc-
tuating number; and the only thing upon which
any calculation can bo made in relation to the
broader question of the policy of the Government,
is the fixed or legal establishment—not, how many
men may happen to be in the service to-day, or
may be to-morrow, fluctuating under the sliding
scale established by tl^e act; of 1850, but what it is
proper to have for a"permanent peace establish-
ment. That should be determined by principles
of statesmanship much broader than the mere
question of how many men are necessary to chase
down some Indian tribe. The policy of our mil-
itary establishment was framed by men who stood
upon a higher pedestal, and looked over a wider
sphere. It was to carry out the policy proclaimed
by Washington, "in peace prepare for war."
It was enabling our Government to move step by
step, and keep easy progress in military science
with foreign nations with whom we might be
involved in war.
A certain portion of the Army was from the
beginning employed m the defense of our frontier
settlements, then an easy task. As that task in-
creased in difficulty, the Army was increased, and
past attempts at reduction have proved unfortu-
nate. It has been very well established that the
■war, with the Sacs and Foxes, commonly known
as the Black Hawk war, which extended over
two campaigns, resulted from the fact that we
had not a sufficient number of troops in a posi-
tion to prevent the first acts of aggression. It
has equally well been established in regard to that
long and vastly expensive war in Florida, where,
per capita, more money has been disbursed than
one would deem it possible could have been fairly
expended on a worthless Indian tribe; that if
one, or at most two regiments had beenJn posi-
tion when the first movement commenced, those
expensive wars of 1838 and 1842 might have been
avoided.  
But, as already stated, our predecessors had a
broader policy than merely protecting the frontier
settlers. They had the policy of keeping out-
Army instructed in all that belongs to civilized
war; training artillery, and other arms of service
in that science of war which is not to be learned
merely by campaign duty.
The necessities for frontier service, outstripping
the augmentations of the Army which have been
made, have caused its whole disposable force to be
thrown to the interior of our territory, and scarcely
any are left to hold the great fortifications along
the sea-board, and there to learn those lessons in
artillery practice that would be so essential to
us in war. We have no dragoons or cavalry in
schools of instruction or practice. They are kept
constantly on the frontier; and only so much as
may be learned in winter cantonments, in long
marches, and after hot pursuits of Indians in occa-
sional encampments with jaded horses, can be
taught the cavalry arm of the United States. It is
not the increase of the Army, but the refusal to
keep up those garrisons where military instruction
may be perfected, which is the great departure
from the policy of our fathers.
According to the report of the Secretary of
War, we now have one hundred and thirty-eight
posts. According, also, to his report, we have
an exterior boundary of eleven thousand miles;
and of emigrant routes requiring military super-
vision by the military force, we have six thou-
sand seven hundred miles; giving a total of sev-
enteen thousand seven hundred miles. From this
aggregate is excluded the whole amount of our
Indian frontier, being two lines, extending from
our northern to our southern boundary, and the
whole amount of the reservations where, by the
reports to the Secretary of the Interior, from his
agents in different parts of the country, it is made
apparent that the fulfillment of our obligations to
the Indian tribes require the establishment of new
posts. This may be taken as quite equal to the
amount stated in the report of the Secretary of
War; and then we have seventeen thousand seven
hundred miles stated, which may be considered
as about half the demand; and for which we may
possibly have, by posting them as stated, an army
of seventeen thousand five hundred men, or less
than one man to the mile; or if you include the
Indian frontier and the Indian reservations, less
than one man to two miles. That is the Army the
augmentation of which is considered so great as
to become dangerous to the peace and liberty of
the country ! Taking the posts at merely the num-
ber we now have, one hundred and thirty-eight,
the companies of the Army being one hundred and
ninety-eight, it follows that you have not com-
panies enough in the Army to establish two com-
panies at each post; and less than two never should
be the garrison ofany post. Itdestroys discipline;
it impairs responsibility; itgreatly depreciates the
efficiency, and I might say respectability, of the
troops, to segregate them into such small detach-
ments, and leave them, like mere policemen, to a
round of fatigue duties which wear out all military
j ardor.
j The main argument m opposition to an increase
j of ihe Army, as I understand it, has been that
| there has been no showing of the necessity. I
S have, therefore, referred to what is to be drawn
from the report of the Secretary of War, and the
j report of the Secretary of the Interior; and without
j wearying the Senate to read from it extensively,
will merely refer to a single passage at page 6:2 of
the report of the Secretary of the Interior, where
he reports the number of Indians three hundred
and twenty-five thousand, of whom three fourths
belong to the hostile and roving bands. Two hun-
dred and forty-three thousand five hundred of our
Indians belong to bands of that roving and hostile
i character which requires the interposition of mili-
i tary supervision. Where Indians of friendly tem-
j per have been drawn into reservations, I have, in
I looking hastily through this volume, found, in a
j great majority of cases, that the report of the sub-
! agent superintending the reservation says there
' is a necessity for the establishment of a military
post to perfect the plan of the Government for
bringing these Indians to an agricultural condi-
tion, and to give them that protection which is
essential for their future progress. This is all in
addition to what is contained in the report of the
Secretary of War. These reports, too, are further
sustained by the report of the Commanding Gen-
eral and of the Adjutant General, and in each of
them it is shown, as I think, very conclusively,
that the necessity exists for a force greater than
we now have, and that economy is best to be
promoted by increasing the regular army of the
United States.
Thus it is that in urging this measure I do not
make it rest on the necessities of the expedition
against Utah, nor the necessity of keeping troops
in Kansas. I did not say, as sometimes repre-
sented, that no troops were necessary for Utah, or
for Kansas. I assumed no such position, nor
proposed an increase of troops for that purpose;
because I believe if those difficulties were ended
to-day the troops would be necessary; and thus
now they can be used in one or both of these
places, only by withdrawing them from otherpur-
posesfor which troops are required. I have not
said that there is no necessity for the use of troopi
in either of those Territories, and decline now to
enter into the question as to whether the campaign
should have been commenced against the Mor-
mons or not.
I hope the anticipations of the President, that
in a contingency which he expects soon to occur,
troops will no longer be required in Kansas, may
be realized; but, at the same time, it is due to can-
dor to say that I do notentertain the hopes which
the President expresses, having yet seen no evi-
dence that the reign of terror in Kansas is to term-
inate in any contingency now foreseen. It seems
more probable that the lawless are to continue
their aggressions; that men are to be intimidated
for political ends, their houses to be burned, and
assassinations to occur all over the Territory, the
moment the strong arm of the Federal Govern-
ment is taken away. I cannot go to the extent
of the Senator from Georgia, and refuse to give a
man to preserve peace. I cannot go to the extent
which would declare that I prefer that civil war
should rage in the land, rather than to increase
the Army and maintain order by the presence of
troops in the Territories of thte United States. In
the first place, I should be willing to use troops
anywhere to put down civil war and insurrection
within the United States, when a contingency,
such as is contemplated by the law, arises.
In the next place, I do not hold that the Terri-
tories occupy the same position as States. I do
not admit, as I have never subscribed tt> the doc-
trine of squatter sovereignty, that the Government
of the United States has no more power in a Ter-
ritory than in a State. I hold that the Territo-
ries are dependencies of the Federal Union; they
are in a condition of pupilage, to be governed by
the States; the property of the States; and that if
men, either foreign or native, should aggregate
themselves upon a Territory of the United States,
and raise the standard of rebellion against the Gov-
ernment, and in defiance of its laws, it is not only
within the power,but it is the plain, palpable duty
of the Government to put down such an insurrec-
tion, and to compel obedience.
1 am at a loss to understand how any one enter-
taining the doctrine that this Government has
power to acquire territory, can at the same time
deny that it has power to control it. If we may
acquire a Territory with a population notcompie-
heudingour institutions, having no attachment to
them, can we admit at the same time that we have
no more right to use coercive measures within the'
limits of that Territory than in one of the equal
States of the Union ? It would be the Dead Sea
fruit ashes on the lips of those who gathered it.
-Tile population mightat'once erect a government
anti-republican, destructive of all the great prin-
ciples that lie at the foundation of our Constitu-
tion. If we may acquire an island, or a Territory,
or a subjugated State, the whole population of
which were in a State of barbarism, or from edu-
cation attached to monarchical government, will
it be contended, after we had expended thousands
of lives and millions of treasure, that the popula-
tion should be allowed to do what they please
