1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
rity of the Union itself, reqaite that the line of the Missouri
compromise should be extended to any new territory which
we nmy acquire from Mexico."
The James Buchanan who wrote this letter is
now astonished that any man should ever doubt
that slavery existed in Kansas under the Consti-
tution of the United States! Again, in the same
letter, he says:
« Such has been my individual opinion, openly and freely
expressed, ever since the commencement of the present
unfortunate agitation ; undo!" all places in the world, X pre-
fei to pot rhem on record before the incorruptible Democ-
racy of oid Berks. 1 therefore beg leave to offer you the fol-
lowing sentiment:
♦* The Missouri Compromise—Tts adoption in 1820 saved
the Union from threatened convulsion. Its extension in
1848 to any new territory which we may acquire, will se-
cure the like happy results." j
And that compromise covered the very Terri- !
tory that he is astonished anybody should ever j
doubt was covered with slavery ! But again, from .
the same distinguished authority, we find this: j
" Having urged the adoption of the Missouri compromise, i
tlie inference is irresistible that Congress, in my opinion, ,
possesses (lie* power to legislate upon the subject of slavery
in the Territories."
This is the man who is astonished that any one
should ever doubt that slavery exists in all the
Territories under the Constitution of the United
States I It is only ten short years since he wrote
the letter; it is less than ten years since he uttered
the sentiments I have just quoted.
But I have other distinguished authorities on
this very point; among them, the honorable Sec-
retary of State. You see we have had distin-
guished teachers. We have learned our lessons
from high authority, and our doubts are honest.
General Cass, in his speech at Romeo, in Michi-
gan, in 1854, said:
" But you cannot put your finger on the power thereby
ceded to carry slaves into our new Territories. Does the
Constitution give authority to interfere ? No. The woid
slave is not to be found in tliat instrument."
True.
"There is no power of interference recognized by our
statute-books except in the case of fugitives. Go to the Con-
stitution, and if authorized, interfere, but otherwise touch
not the festering evil."
"And further, he says:
"Again, it has been said that the passage of this bill opens
Kansas arid Nebraska to the slave power. There never was
a worse misrepresentation."
This is General Cass, the present Secretary of
State, who utters that sentiment—-" there never
was a worse misrepresentation " than that the
repeal of the Missouri compromise opened these
Territories to slavery:
" Slavery is created by municipal law, and Judge McLean
says that without law slavery cannot exist. The negroes
of Kentucky and Pennsylvania would alike be free unless
slavery had been legalized. How can the master hold slaves
without positive law ?"
This is General Cass in 1854. Now, sir, had
Mr. Buchanan any reason to utter the sentiment
I have road from his letter to the gentlemen from
New Haven ? I hold that he had not. It was
under his teachings and those of his present Sec-
, retary of State that I learned the doubt. But again
he goes on—I have not done with this letter to
New Haven—
" If a confederation of sovereign States acquire a new
territory at the expense of their common blood and treasure,
sorely one set ot the partners can have no right to exclude
the others from its enjoyment, by prohibiting thein from
taking into it whatsoever is recognized to be property by
the common Constitution. But when the people, the boria
fide residents of such Territory, proceed to frame a State
constitution, then it is their right to decide the important
question for themselves whether they will continue, modi-
fy, or abolish slavery. To them, and to them alone, does
this question belong, free from all foreign interference."
"What I have read before of Mr. Buchanan's t
former views answers that in full, and therefore
I shall not comment on it; but here is what 1 am
coming at:
" I have entire confidence in Governor Walker that the
troops will not be employed except to resist actual aggres-
sion or in the execution of the laws, and this not until the
power of the civil magistrate shall,prove unavailing. Fol-
lowing the wise example of Mr. Madison towards the Hart-
ford convention"—
Now I am not disposed U? take this evidence in
regard to the Hartford convention unquestioning-
ly; for it is a well-established principle of law that
a man who turns States'evidence must have some
confirmatory testimony, or you cannot convict.
I am not disposed to take this imputation unless
there is some corroborative testimony, and I do j
not find any; therefore, I do not give any weight;
to this slur 6n the Hartford convention or the
Topeka convention—
" illegal and dangerous combinations, such as that of the
Topeka convention, will not be disturbed, unless they shall
attempt to perform some act which will bring them into act-
ual collision with the Constitution and the laws. In that
event, they shall be resisted and put down by the whole
power of the Government. In performing this duty, I shall
have the approbation of my own conscience, and, as I hum-
bly trust, of my God."
Mr. President, what laws are these that he is
going to use the whole power of the Government
'to enforce? There was a code of laws enacted
in Kansas which the present Secretary of State,
General Cass, declared to be a disgrace to the
age—a code of laws-which the same high author-
ity declared to be unconstitutional,and therefore
void. It certainly cannot be those laws which he
was going to bring the whole power of the Gov-
ernment to enforce. Let us see. Let us see what
those laws are that he proposes to bring the whole
po.wer of the Government to enforce, and then
humbly trusts he will have the approbation of his
conscience.and his God ! In the code of Kansas,
at page 605, will be found the following enact-
ment:
" Sec. 11. If any person print, write, introduce into, pub-
lish, or circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed, writ-
ten, published, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or
asMst m bunding into, pnntmg, publishing, or circulating,
within this Terntoi), any hook, paper, pamphlet, magazine,
handbill, or circular, con taming any statements, arguments,
opinions, sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innuendo, calcu-
lated to piuducc a diboiderly, dangerous, or rebellious dis-
aifection among the slaves in this Territory, or to induce
such slaves to escape fiorn the service of their masters, or
to resist their authority, he shall be guilty ot felony, and be
punished by imprisonment and hard labor for a term not
less than live yeais."
And yet the Constitution, to which I called your
attention a short time since, declares the freedom
of speech and of the press shall not be interfered
with. This enactment is unconstitutional and
void; and yet Mr. Buchanan says, in the enforce-
ment of this law " all the power of the Govern-
ment shall be brought into requisition, and in per-
forming this duty I shall have the approbation of
my own conscience, and, I humbly trust, of my
God." Sir, I do not know of what material his
conscicnce may be made, but there are few men
who would have the approbation of their own con-
sciences in that, and there is no attribute in the
Divine Being that authorizes any man to "say that
he humbly trusts he will have the approbation of
his God in such an effort.
But again:
" Sec. 12. If any free person, by speaking or by writing,
assert or maintain that persons have not the right to hold
slaves in tlmlVrntory,orshall introduce into this Territory,
punt, publish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced
into this Territory, written, pnnted, published, or circulated
in this Terntory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or
circular, containing any denial of the right of persons to
hold slaves in this Territoiy, such person shall be deemed
guilty ot felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard labor
for a term of not less than two years."
This law he is going to enforce in the same way
and have the same approbation ! I might go on
ad libitum, but I shall detain the Senate but a mo-
ment on this point. I will read one more law:
" Seo. 4. If any person shall entice, decoy, or carry away
out of this Territoiy, any slave belonging to another, with
the intent to deprive the owner thereof of the services of
&uch slave, or with the intent to cffect or procure the free-
dom of such slave, he shall be adjudged guilty of grand lar-
ceny, and, on conviction thereof, shall suffer death, or be
imprisoned at hard labor for not less than ten years."
For the enforcement of that law all the powers
of the Government are to be brought into requisi-
tion, and Mr. Buchanan, in performing this duty,
will have the approbation of his own conscience,
and, he humbly trusts, of his God. I have done
with that New Haven letter. It would be better
if it had never been laid upon our table, in my
estimation.
Mr. Buchanan asserted in his message—I read
from page 20 of the first volume of the Message
and Documents for this year—
" The fiiends and supporters of the Nebraska and Kansas
act, when strugghug on a recent occasion to sustain its wise
provisions before the great tribunal of the Ameuean people,
never differed about its true meaning on this subject. Every-
where throughout the Union they publicly pledged their
faith and then honor that they would cheerfully submit the
question of slavery to the decision of the bona fide people of
Kansas, without any restriction or qualification whatever.
All were cordially united upon the great doctrine of popular
sovereignty, which is the vital principle of our free institu-
tions.
" Had it been insinuated from any quarter that it would
be a sufficient compliance with the requisitions of the or-
ganic law for the members of a convention, thereafter to be
ejected, to withhold the question of slavery from the people,
and to substitute their own will for that of a legally ascei-
tained majority of all their constituents, this would have
been instantly rejected. Everywhere they remained true
to the resolution adopted on a celebrated occasion, recog-
nizing 'the right of the people of all the Territories, in-
cluding Kansas and Nebraska, acting through the legally
and fairly expressed will of a majority of actual residents,
and whenever the number of their inhabitants justifies it,
to form a constitution, with or without slavery, and be ad-
mitted into the Union upon term=? of perfect equality with
the other States.'"
I think that the friends of Mr. Buchanan pledged
more than that. I aver that throughout the whole
North the subject of slavery, in thatconstitution,
was never alluded to as the question to be submit-
ted to the people. I aver that pledges were given
that the whole constitution should be submitted
to the people, and to a fair vote of the people of
Kansas. I have shown that there was no submis-
sion even of the slavery clause itself; but that was
not enough. They pledged more. They pledged
Mr. Buchanan as being favorable to making Kan-
sas a free State; and, in my own State, the em-
battled hosts of the Democracy marched to de-
feat under Haunting banners of " Buchanan and
free Kansas." In Pennsylvania, I am told, it
was the same. Mr. Buchanan was everywhere
throughout the North represented as being in
favor of making Kansas a free State, and it was
asserted over and over and over again that the
surest way to make it a free State was by the
election of James Buchanan. James Buchanan
occupies the presidential chair to-day in conse-
quence of the belief of the people of the North
in these fraudulent representations. But for these
false assertions he never would have been elected.
He never would have carried a single northern
State but for the belief in these fraudulent asser-
tions. Now let them carry out their pledges made
before the election. Let the constitution be sub-
mitted to a fair vote of the people, or else let the
whole subject be sent back again to the people to
manage their domestic institutions in their own
way.
Sir, throughout the North, for many years past,
we have had a set of men in great trouble and
tribulation about this Union. From every stump
in my own State the cry has gone forth, time and
again, of " dangerto the Union." Throughout all
the northern States the same cry has gone forth;
and whenever an aggression has been made by
the South upon the North, these Union-savers
have come before the people, and, in piteous tones,
averred that they assented to it to save the Union.
That set of people, who have been in labor, and
suffering, and trial, for so long a time on account
of the Union, have passed off the stage. In their
places are men who love this glorious Union, anf1
love it as it was made by the fathers; men who
will not whine " danger to the Union;" but brave
men, who will fight for this Union to the death.
The race of Union-whiners, the old women of the
North, who have been in the habit of crying out
44 the Union is in danger," have passed off the
stage. They are dead; their places will never be
supplied; but in their stead we have a race of men
who are devoted to this Union, and devoted to
it as Jefferson and the fathers made it and be-
queathed it to us.
Any aggression upon the Constitution has been
submitted to by the race that have gone off the
stage. They were ready to compromise any prin-
ciple; anything to save the Union. Sir, the men
of the present day will compromise nothing. Th ey
are Union-loving men; they love all portions of
the Union; and they will sacrifice anything but
principle to save the Union. They will, how-
ever, make no sacrifice of principle—never, never.
No more compromises will ever be submitted to
to save this Union. If it is worth saving, it will
bo sav(3d; but if you sap and undermine its found-
ations, if you place it in such a situation that it
must topple, what can you expect but the legit-
imate results of your own action ? The only way
that we shall ever save the Union and render it as
permanent as the everlasting hills, will be by re-
storing it to the original foundation upon which
the fathers placed it. Those are the " mud-sills"
that cannot be undermined; and there, sir, this
great national Republican party proposes to place
it. Sir, we are the national party of the Govern-
ment, and in opposition to us is a purely sectional
party that knows no issue but one, and that is the
slavery issue.
But! am occupying more time than I intended,
and I must hasten to a conclusion. One question
