1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2117
mountains are of paramount importance. The largest and
most foimidable tubes of Indians on our boiders, yet un-
subdued, occupy Hie valleys of the Yakima and other ad-
jacent stream*. The ties connecting these Indians with
mo^e on the Sound are of a close nature, owing to mar-
riages and other causes, and the feeling of the tribes on the
Sound may be generally inferred from the attitude of those
living east of the mountains. The time will ^oori come
when the subjection of the tribes living on the waters of
the Columbia will be essentially necessary, and it is prob-
able that this will be attended by an Indian war on the
Sound. In this contingency, it will readily appear that the
means of communication by way of the mountains cannot
bo too good.
3. JBili No. 5S, military road fiom Fort Vancouver to Fort
Steilacoom, Washington Terutory.
Jn my last annual report an estimate of.$15,000 was sub-
nutted to continue the load fiom the Covvhu plains to Mon-
ticeilo, neai the mouth ot the Cowlitz rivet. To continue
the road up the Columbia from the Cowlitz to Vancouver,
a distance ot lifty miles, the minimum estimate submitted j:
13 §500 per mile— m all, .-$25,000. j
4. Bill No. military road fiom Fort Vancouver to Fort !
Dallas, Oregon Terntory. j
The amount estimated for by my ptedecessor for the im- :
piovcment ot the tiail between the points named, would ^
doubtless be sufficient fot the purpose; and as the quarter- ;
masters depaitment annualh sends many anunah fiom one !
post to the other, ucncrully by steamboats, at the late ol !
eight or ten dollars per head, a large expense might be saved
by tins improvement, as then they could be sent by the ,
trail. i
5. Bill No 178, load from the mouth of the Columbia ,
river, by Shoal water bay and Gray's hnrboi, to Oiympia. ;
I have no reliable mfoimatton ot suliieient extent to en- j
able me to s-peak with eritne confidence on thisioad- The :
condition ot ihe toad touching Gray's harbor will much in- 1
eiease it  length or neees.-itate its location tlnougli a *ec- ;
lion of eountiy quite unknown, namely: between Giay-'s j
harbor and Oiympia. A road from the mouth of the Colnm- i
bia river, by way ol Bhoahvater bay, would be about rov- •
enty miles m leiiath, interesting the Vancouver and Sieil- i
acootn mihtaiy load at Davids, mx miles south of Skookum j
Chuck. To take in Graj's haibor, the load would be fiom I
one hundred and twenty to one hundred and forty miles m |
length. Tne toutesaie appioximatcly located on the ac- ,
companying map A minimum estimate of the co^t ot con- !
stiuction would be ,5.">00 poi nule. The country is heavily
. timbeied, and w aho quit" mountainous. !
1 quite coucut i,i tin- view-of the tmieau. as expressed in i
tlip repoitot Fi'brnaiy 10.1^58, as to the impoitance of these ■
load- _ I
6. Dill No. 1.8, military road from Oiympia to Tort To,vn- :
send. |
Little is known of the country to be tiaversed by this route. |
Tt is mountainous and doubtless, like most othei section* of ■
the Teiiitoiv, is lieaulv timbeied. The di-mnce n liom '
one hundted to one hnndied and twenty miles; $.500 per j
mite will be neee^aiv fin its construction. 1
7. Bill No,, 118, mihtaiy load liom Seattle to Foit Col- j
ville, ,-£5l>,00(j. '
The route to be followed by this road would doubtless be j
by the Snoqnahnoo Pass, winch has beenpiov< d to be the !
best through tne Cascade mountains, being piaUicabic w lien ,
none others ar<'. :
The countiv, for pethap-. one bundled miles east of Scat- \
tie, is heavily timbeied and mountainous The amount pro- j
po^ed will doubtless be sutficientto make a passable wagon i
road over the Jme. I
This loute I would suggest as one of the mo<t important |
of tho^e proposed It is certain that \erj eon-idei<tble set- >
tlement* will be made at and near Fort Colville. and, as is ■
obseived bv the bmeau, Seattle is a natural outlet of the j
oountiy. A better road, at a less expense, could be made )
on tins route than on any other over the Cascade mountains, ;
and would be, m mv opinion, mo-t essential in case ot' In- j
dian hostilities, which hostilities may always be expected. !
A map, sufficiently aecmate to show the position ot some j
of the pioposed loutes. is tian'-niitted
With more time and opportunity to collect facts, much j
more cotiid be said m favoi of these roads, and it is to be
iCL'ietted that it is impossible now to do justice to the sub- 1
jects. !
One can -caicely be wide of the mail? m building loatK
in Washington Territory, wheie the surtacc of the eountiy j
piesents so many difficulties, arid wheie the population is j
too spare to overcome them ; and it may be said that ex- .
pensive watsma\ be anticipated with the Indian tribes there ,
lor many yeais to come % j
Dunns 'he hi-t w;n upon the Sound, much difficulty was
experienced, owing to the lgnouuice of all a> to the topo-
graphy ot the eoUiitrv. and to the want ot communication. ,
jMulIi del vy and weic entailed upon the Govern- :
inert fiom thc- e causes, mid 1 would icLMtd the eon--tiue- ^
tion of the^e roads a- measiiies ot econoinv. in view ot an !
almo-t certain jecuiienee ot* tin- state ot affair. j
I am, tir, voiv retpccllully. vonr obedient servant, |
* C. II. MEM)ELL, ;
First Lieutenant Topographical Eiiguiteis. ,
Ma .or UaRTMan Bache, Topographs al Kasfneon. Suj>cr- '
inlwtdent of Military lioathy Sun Francisco, Cdhfo'nua. ,
Rdrfai- of Topographical Engineers, j
Washington, Februuti/ 13, 1cj8. i
Snt* 1 have the honor to acknowledge your dnection to ;
repoit upon the tails Nos. 55. and 17*. lpferred to in the ]
letrei ot tire Hon. Mi FArLKVLtt, of the Mihtaiy Commit- 1
tee or the I louse of Re|)iesentatives, of the 2d instant.
1. Dili No ofi, m lelanon to the mihtaiy road tiom As-
toria to Salem, Oteion Terntory. ,
I beg leave to reter to the annua! report of tins bureau,
and the report of the engnu-ei officer in charge, appended
theieto. in which will be found the e-nmate for an addi-
tional appropriation of Oud mi the put pose of rendenng
the toad pinctie.ible for wagons
•_>. Bill No. military load from Fort Steilacoom to
Ton Waila Walla. Wo b'mgfon Temto-v.
i his toad was opened undci the duceitou ol the Wat Do- i
partment. The officer m charge recommended an addi-
tional appropriation of $10,000, which, " in connexion with
what has already been expended, will give to the work a
permanence and stability that it justly demand*, even at the
present time, as the only military and commercial thorough-
fare into this poition of the Territory." Ho also recom-
mends that the amount expended by the citizen* of the Ter-
ritory m opening the road from Steilacoom to the mount-
ains, the gicatcr pait of which was adopted as the military
road, be refunded. It is believtd that this amount will not
cxceed $10,000. It is therefoie lecommended that this
amount, or so much thereof as may be necessary, be appro
puated foi this purpose.
The amount, thetefore, required for the Fort Steilacoom
and Fort Walla-Walla mihtaiy road is $20,000.
3. Bill No 58, military load from Fort Vancouver to Fort
Steilacoom.
In the annual report of this bureau will be found the esti-
mate of the engmeei otlicei in charge, amounting to ,-$15,000.
The engineer leportsthat a good ordinary wagon road
from the Cowlitz plains to Fort Steilacoom wdl be completed
by the lht of November, 1857.
"The nextstep'to be taken on this route is to continue
the road to the Columbia river."
11 In a mihtaiN point of' \ icw, it is of great importance that
the' e should be a L'ood load over tins mute."
u It is respectfully recommended that an additional ap-
piopnation be asked for, which, in addition to the balance
on hand, will be sufficient to const i uct a good in.id fiom 'he
Cow htz plains to Monttcello, a distance of thutj imios. The
estimate is $15,000."
No budges appear to be included in this estimate.
4. Bill No. 58, mihtai> road from Fort Vancouver to the
Dalles,
The construction ol the road, as shown by the survey and
repoi t.', can only be effected at an enormous cost, say $1,000
pet mile. The engineer officer in ehatge reports, " good
steamboat navigation from Vancouver to the Cascades, a
good road across the • Portage." and a continuation of steam-
boat navigation thence to the Dalles, cei lamly fulfill all the
conditions of a military joad fiom the Dalles to Columbia
bartaeks, and h the only piaeticable ionic."
He recommend-, a pl.ink road across tire Poitage, and es-
timates the cost the eot at  $13,799
lie also estimate-* toi '• imptovsng the hail hom
Columbia haiiacks to iV' Daih-of the Columbia,
for a diagoon load and for pack animals"'  8,000
Total.
•31.709 :
The engineer ofheer now in charge icports, (see nnnn.il
repoit of this >eai,) -Mheie i> an excellent summet iond "
••'The quartermaster-, depaitment have made u--e of tho
road ever since us con^tiiutiou. 5
Tin* estimates should doubtless be incica^ed to .^17 0-30,
m oidei to cover ail expenses of lepair of the load to pte-
paie it toi planking In a military point of \ie\v. the di t-
goon tiad I-- of great impoitance. The totai amount ot the
estimate will then be .v-25J)(ii,i
5 Bill No mihtaiy road from some eligible point at
or near the mouth of the Columbia nvei, v:a Shoalwaicr
ba\' and <iierg's haibor. toOlunpia. $H0.0C0.
Theie is no lnfoimaiion in the bureau in reference to the
cost of Ihi, road
In a mihtaiy point of mow, the road is essential ; the
troops at the Soits, either Sieilaeoornoi Vancouver, could
thus be readily thtown upon the coast to control the Indian
bands in that quattei.
6. Bill No. 175, military load from Oiympia to the military
post near Foit Tow n-end, $50,000.
There is no information in the bureau m teierence to the
cost of this load, fn a iruhtaiy point of view, its impoit-
ance cannot be questioned.
The const! notion of this, and the joaiK above refer! ed to,
would tend to laeihtate settlement, the result o! winch
would be such a force of settlers along the loads as would
render mihtaiy protection unnece-saiy.
7 Bill No. 178, military load fiom Seattle to Toit Col-
ville, $50,0(f<h
TheieVs no mfmmahon in this bureau that will enable
the e.-timate of cost of construction to be ainved at. As a
portion of the defense of the Terutoiy, the construction of
tin-® road is deemed veiy essential.
Seattle is the natural port and outlet of the Yakima coun-
try, east of the Cascades, and the mining legion about Fort
Colville. The Indian tubes arc reputed to bo numeious and
warlike
It cannot be questioned that all the loads are needed for
the movement oi troops, and aie recommended toi lavoia-
blo considcranon.
Accompanying the bills above referred to, is a p-tition
fiom citizens" of Nebraska Temfoiy, asking an app'opna-
tion tot the constiucnoii of a io«id liom Nebiaska City to
Foit Keamy. in said Tcrnforv.
Nothing is known in this office m regard to the route con-
templated by the petitioners tor a load between the points
named: but" if, ft* lcpiesentcd by them, a savirur ot toity
mile-, m t'ne ttanspoitation of mihtaiy stoies to ('tali would
be effected by the con-ti uction of such a ioad, it would seein
to be a matter deserving cousidctation.
Respectfully, sir, youi obedient servant.
J. J. ABERT,
Colonel Corps Eagiueera.
Hon. John B. Floyd, Secretary of War.
I introduced this bill, and urge the construction
of these roads upon military grounds alone. They
are required for the defense of the Territory. "We
have, west of the Cascade mountains, twelve thou-
sand Indians, who, within the last two or three
years, have been all disaffected, and m regard to
whom disaffection may be their normal condition
for years to cotne. It is a difficult counti y tocom-
mtuncate in. In the military services in 1855-36,
the £ist of the d jfenr,«js consisted in cutting out
tiailsand building toads. I therefore urge this
measure as a measure of defense and a measure
of economy. I now withdraw my amendment.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do not pass.
WAGON ROAD IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
The next bill in order upon the Calendar was a
bill (H. R. No. 415) for the construction of a
wagon road to connect the navigable waters of
the Missouri and Columbia rivers, reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
The bill proposes to appropriate $200,000, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, for the con-
struction of a wagon road from the navigable
waters of the Missouri river, at or near Fort Ben-
ton, via the Northern Little Blackfoot orMullan's,
and the Cceur d'Alene trails, via the Cceur d 'Alene
mission, to the navigable waters of the Columbia
nvcr, at or near old Fort Walla-Walla, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
War.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN NEBRASKA.
A bill (II. R. No. 425) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to settle and adjust the expenses in-
curred in defending the frontier settlements of
Nebraska against Indians in the year 1855, was
then taken up.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
War to adjust and settle all claims and expenses
giowing out of the employment of volunteers or
other militia, called into service by the Governor
of Nebraska in 1855 for the suppression of In-
dian hostilities, in such cases only where, in his
opinion, it was proper and necessary to call them
into the service, the whole amount allowed for
expenses of every kind not to exceed the sum of
$10,000.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
SURVEY OF THE COLUMBIA RIVER.
The next bill that came up for consideration
was a bill (H. R. No. 554) for the suivey of the
Columbia river.
The bill appropriates $10,000 for the survey of
tho Columbia river fiom the Cascades to Kettle
Falls, near Fort Colville, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War.
M r. WASUCURNE, of Illinois. That appears
to be a river and harbor bill. I should like to
know how it ^ot m here. It did not come from
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. No, sir; it
came from the Committee on Military Affairs, it
is essentially a military bill. It is a bill to make
a reconnoissance of the Columbia liver. I would
make the suggestion to the gentleman from Illi-
nois that this bill fust went to his committee, and
that his committee asked to be discharged from
the consideration of it, and to have it referred to
the Committee on Mihtai y Affairs.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky whether tins bill was reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs?
Mr. FAULKNER. It was authorized by the
Committee on Military Affairs when that gentle-
man was himself acting as chairman of that com-
mittee, and before, in his absence, I assumed the
duties of that position. I have no responsibilities
of any kind connected with that bill.
Mr. QUITMAN. I know that I was opposed
to the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that it be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with the recommend-
ation that it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I trust that
direction will not be given to it. The Committee
on Commeiee, as I said, have once had it before
them, and on their own motion it was referred to
our committee. This appropriation is essential
to the protection of the northwest coast. How
can you ascertain where to place your works oi
defense, unless you know the capacity of the
streams which you are to guard r
Mr. BRANCH, i believe it is customary to
plaep forts at the mouths of rivers. Cut 1 believe
this bill provides for surveying this_ river very
high up, and I cannot conceive that it is neces-
sity for military purpose. I am not going into
the discus-ion of tin- general qut.sLH n ol the pro-
