2118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
priety of this description of appropriations, but I j
insist on my motion. j
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was ac- !
cordingly laid aside to be reported to the House, j
with a recommendation that it be referred to the ■
Committee on Commerce. i
RIGHT OF SUFFRAGE IN THE TERRITORIES. j
The House bill (No. 119) to regulate and make '
uniform the right of suffrage in the Territories of
the United States, was next taken up for consid-
eration.
The bill provides that the rights of suffrage and
of holding office in the Territories of the United
States shall hereafter be exercised only by citi-
zens of the United States, native and naturalized,
and that so much of any existing law or laws as
come in conflict with this provision be repealed.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the ;|
House, with the recommendation that it do pass, jl
MILITARY ROADS IN NEW MEXICO. j
House bill (No. 549) to provide for the com- !
pletion of the military road from Fort Union to i
Santa Fe, New Mexico, was next taken up for
consideration.
The bill appropriates $35,000 for tho comple-
tion of the military road from Fort Union to
Santa Fe, New Mexico.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House* with the recommendation that it do pass.
MILITARY ROADS IN KANSAS.
House bill (No. 422) making appropriations
for the repair of certain military roads in Kansas
Territory was taken up for consideration.
The bill provides that the following sums of
money be appropriated for the construction or
repair of roads in Kansas Territory:
For the cont-truction of a hiidge over the Big Stranger
creek. on the gioat military road trom Fort Leavcnvvouh
to Foit Riley, .$r>,000; for the consti notion of a budge over
the Grasshopper river, on the same load, the like stun of
$.~>,OUO; foi the construction of a bridge over the Bur Blue
i ivor, on tho ^ainc road, at the mouth of smd nv<>r, :£10 000 ;
the said work l<> bo done under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War, pursuant to contracts mad'* hy Inm.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
back the bill with the recommendation to strike'
out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That a sum wot exceeding $15,000 be, and is heiebv,
appropriated to tho construction of such bridire<. ac may,
upon a caieful evaimnanon, be deemed neoe?*saiy, upon
the military road tiom Fort Leavcnwoith to Foil Rde\, m
the Teriitoiy of Kaii^; tho-.aid work to be done under
the direction and contiol of ihe Beriotary of War.
And to amend the title so as to make it mid as
follow.:
A bill to complete the road from Foit Leavemvotth to
Fort Rdey, in the Teiritoiy of Kauris.
Mr. BRANCH. What committee does that
bill come from ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Military
A flairs.
Mr. BRANCH. The Committee on Territo-
ries have reported against some propositions of
a similar character -for Nebraska, it seems to :
' me that, if we arc to make such a provision for I
one of the Territories, we should apply the same ;
rule to all. And we should certainly apply as j
stringent a rule to Kansas as we have applied to j
other Territories, now that Kansas is a State, j
And, in addition to that, I understand this pro- I
poses to open a new source of expenditure. We !
are not only to incur expense for building mill- j
tary roads, but for purposes military, commer- i
oial, or otherwise, we are to keep in repair the [
bridges in Kansas. I
Mr. GILMAN. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina when Kansas be-
came a State ?
Mr. BRANCH. We have parsed an act look-
ing to her admission, and I have no doubt she
will soon become a Stater
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to say that the appro-
priations contained in this bill are of more import-
ance than any we have considered upon the sub-
ject of military roads. These bridges arc directly
on the road to Utah. These three bridges are
necessary for the use of the Government. We
are now paying more for ferriage than it would
cost to build the bridges.
A Member. What streams do they cross ?
Mr. CURTIS. The tributaries of the Kaw
river. Our troops have to cross them; and, unless
you build the bridges, you will have to pay a good
deal more money for crossing by means of femes.
Mr. BRANCH. Is there not an appropriation
in the regular appropriation bill for the necessary
construction and repairs of such military roads as
are actually required for the use of the troops of
the Government ?
Mr. CURTIS. Nothing which will be appli-
cable to this sort of work.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the bill as amend-
ed be laid aside to be reported to the House, with
a recommendation that it do not pass.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was ac-
cordingly laid aside.
MILITARY ROAD IN NEBRASKA.
House bill (No. 565) for the completion of the
road from Council Bluffs to New Fort Kearny,
in the Territory of Nebraska, was next taken up
for consideration.
The billprovides thatthe further sum of $25,000
be appropriated to the completion of the road from
a point of the Missouri river opposite Council
Bluffs, Iowa, to New Fort Kearny, in Nebraska;
also, the further sum of $10,000 is appropriated
to improve the ferry across the Loup fork of the
Platte, if, upon examination, it is found that such
improvement is practicable for the sum appropri-
ated for that purpose—the road to continue, as
heretofore, under tho direction and control of the
Secretary of War.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 m^ke the same motion in
reference to this bill—that it be laid aside to bo re-
ported to the House with the recommendation
that it do not puss.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understood the gen-
tleman to oppose the last bill on the ground that
his committee had had the matter in charge,
and reported against it. Is this bill in the same
way?
Mr. BRANCH. Not that I know of; but I
think this is a bad bill, and ought not to pass.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
CLERKS TO TERRITORIAL ASSEMBLIES.
The bill next taken up was a bill (H. R. No.
414) to extend the provisions of an act entitled
" An act to amend 4 An act to establish the tern-
tonal government of Oregon,' and 1 An act to es-
tablish the territorial government of Minnesota,' "
to the Territory of Washington.
The bill extends to the Territbry of Washing-
ton fho provisions of an act entitled " An act to
amend an act entitled ' An oct to establish the
temtorial government of Oregon," ami 'An act
to establish the territorial government of Minne-
sota,' " approved February 19, 18.31, in reference;
to tho employment of an add it tonal clot k for cacl/
branch of tiie Legislative Assembly thereof. T
The bill was laid aside to be reported to Hie
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
GOVERNOR DOUGLASS.
The bill next taken up was a i iU (TT. R. No.
5G6) to refund to James Douglass, Governor of
Vancouver's Island, the sum of $>7,000 advanced
by him to supply the volunteers of Washington
Territory with clothing and blankets during the
late Indian war in that Territory.
The bill dirccts the Secretary of the Treasury,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to James Douglass, Gov-
ernor of Vancouver's Island, $7,000, it being so
much money advanced by lum to the Hudson's
Bay Company in payment of clothing and blan-
kets furnished by the company to the volunteers
of Washington Territory m 1855, upon the order
of Isaac I. Stevens, Governor of the Territory of
Washington, and upon a guarantee for the pay-
ment of the same by Douglass, and for which
sum Isaac I. Stevens, as Governor, has executed
his certificate of debt, payable when an appropri-
ation should be made by Congress.
Mr. LANE. I move to amend the bill by add-
ing the followingas additional sections ofthe bill:
JhuI be it further enacted^ That there be. and herebv is,
appiopnated out of any money in the Tiea°ury not othei-
wis.0 appropriated, whatevei amount mav be ntces>-aiy to
enable the sjectetaiyof tin' Tiea.-iuy to dcft.iy the expenses
necessarily meuited by the terntoi iuI governments ot Ore-
gon and Washington in the suppression ol Indian hostili-
ties therein m the yerus 1^55 and ISofi, far fh the claims
growing out of said war have been adjudicated by the com-
mi^ioneis appointed for that put nose, a<rrc-eabiv to the pto-
vigions of tj%e eleventh t-erison of the aer of th" l*St'i Auu'j
1£.V), enwird "An act making npptopnauo.is S^<r certain
I civil expanses of the Government, for the yearendmg 30th
\ June, 1857," and have been reported to the War Depait-
| nient. by said commissioners, for payment.
j JinA be it jurther enacted, That the amounts severally
, found due to the parties contained in the report of the said
! commissioners shall be paid to the said parties respectively,
1 or their legal representatives, oi to the assignees or attor-
j neys, duly constituted and appointed, of said parties, any-
thing in the act approved July 29, 1846, oi in the aet oi
I February, 18.53, to the contrary notwithstanding.
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
I question of order. The amendment is a general
j bill, and is not in order to a private bill. There
| is a rule of the House which expressly provides
j that no bill shall be amended by a rider in this
i way.
j 3VIr. LANE. If the gentleman will hear me he
i will notcontend that this amendment is not strictly
' in order. The object of this bill is to provide for
' paying Governor Douglass for certain expenses
' incurred in the Indian war m Washington TSrri-
j tory. 1 am speaking to the question of order.
I The claim which Mr. Douglass has is for supplies
> furnished the troops who were acting against the
i Indians in the years 1855 and 1856. The expenses
| growing out of that war have been properly and
I legally adjudicated. This claim of Governor
: Douglass has been passed upon with all the other
claims growing out of the war; but this is the
only item for which provision is made. The
amendment which I offer is for the same purpose
pieciselv.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
hear my friend on the point of order; not on the
merits of the ease.
Mr. LANE. I am showing that this is one
item of a scries of claims growing out of this war,
. and that these claims have been adjudicated by a
i boaid of commissioners. The amendment is in
! relation to the same subject-matter as the original
: bill.
j Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I would like
| to suggest to the gentleman from Oregon and to
| the Chair that the explanation of the gentleman.
i does not bring the amendment within the rule.
; The one is a private bill, and the other is a general
j bill; and although both may relate to the same
i subject-matter, the amendment nevertheless is out
of order.
1 Mr. LANE. This bill is one item of the ex-
i penses of that war. There are probably five or
' six thousand claims growing out of the same war;
I and I want to call the attention of the committee
j to the law of Congress under which these claims
[ have been recognized:
| a That the Secretai}' of War be directed to examine into
thp amount of expenses necessarily mcuiied m the suppres-
! /sion of Indian hostilities m the late Indian wai m Or^con
/ ami Washington, by the temtorial government ? ol ^aid Tcr-
iitones,loi the maintenance of the volunteer foice.- engaged
in '•aid war, including pay of volunteers; and that h*:may,
if in hi& judgment it be neco^saiy, dnect a conimisMon of
tinec to proceed to asceitam and import to him all expenses
ineuried toi puipo^es above specified."
Now, Mr. Chairman, under the provision of
that law, the Secretary of War appointed a com-
mission of three persons to assemble in the Ter-
ritories of Oregon and Washington, and ascertain
the expenses necessarily incurred. Congress made
an appropriation of#12,000 to defray the expenses
of.that commission. It was constituted of two
Army officers and one citizen. It assembled at
FortVancou ver,and was in session twelve months.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. There is a
question of order pending. I ask that it be decided.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Or-
egon has a right to appeal, and to debate the ap-
' peal.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Is he de-
bating the appeal ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not oble to
tell what application the gentleman fiom Oregon
| proposes to make of his remarks.
I Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. There was
; no appeal taken: it is simply a question of order,
j Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentleman from
' Oregon has a right to discuss the question of or-
der, debate not being closed on the bill.
■ The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not without
! doubt as to whether this amendment is in order,
! but he is under the impression that it is not in
] oider. The bill itself is a private bill, for the re-
lief of James Douglass. The amendment pro-
| posed by the gentleman from Oregon seems to
I be a general bill, applicable to a whole class of
! cases. The impression of the Chair is, that the
' amendment is not m order, and the Chair so rules. •
