d
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
December 8,
to be admitted as a State into the Union. He
argues that they have no power to put into oper-
ation a constitution emanating from the people,
without congressional authority, but they have
the right to assemble and petition for a redress of
gnevancefe, and, if they think proper, to present
their petition in the form of a constitution, as the
people of Kansas did the Topeka constitution,
leaving it to Congress to determine whether to ad-
mit them or not. But this convention which met
at Lecompton originated in a call of the Territo-
rial Legislature, and is entitled to just as much
respect, and no more than would be a call ema-
nating from the same number of persons who are
equally respectable, and not members of that
Legislature.
But, sir, there is other authority than the Ad-
ministration of General Jackson and the opinion
of the Attorney General in 1835. We have au-
thority which I apprehend will be satisfactory
even to the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Big-
ler,] who indorsed this message in ful!. In the
debate which took place upon the admission of
Michigan into the Union, au objection was raised
that the convention which assembled in the Ter-
ritory of Michigan had not been authorized by
the Territorial Legislature, but emanated from
spontaneous meetings got up in the Territory—a
sort of voluntary convention. Mr. Buchanan
answered that objection.
Mr. HALE. What Buchanan was that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. James Buchanan,
now President of the United States. I will read
what he said from the Congressional Globe of that
day:
" Wo ought not npply the rigid rules of abstract polit-
ical science too rigorously to such cases. Tr has been our
practice heretofore to treat our infant Torritouos with pa-
rental care, to nurse them w;th kindness, and when they
had attained the age of manhood, to admit them into the
family without requiring from them a iiirid adherence to
forms. The great questions to ho decided are: Do they
contain a sufficient population? Have they adopted aio-
puhheau constitution ? And are they willing to enter the
Union upon the terms winch we propose? Jf so, all the
preliminary proceedings Imvo been considered hut mere
forms, which we have waived in repeated instances. They
are but the scairoUhm? of the building, which is of no fur-
ther use after the edifices complete. We liavepmsued
tins course in regard to Tennessee, to Arkansas, and even
to Michigan. No Senator will pretend that their Temtoi ml
Legislatures had any right whatever to pass laws enabling
the people to elect delegates to a convention foi the pur-
pose of terming a State constitution, it was an act of
usurpation on their part." k
That was the language of James Buchanan,
now President of the United States, who en-
camped his army round about this Lecompton
convention, declared it legal, and now talks about
it as a legitimate convention, and speaks in his
message here of an election which is to be held
under its authority as legitimate. It was an act
of usurpation on the part of the Legislature, to
use his own language, ever to have passed an act
calling into being a convention to form a State
constitution. How idle is it then to talk of this
Lecompton convention as a legitimate one, ema-
nating from competent authority! In the same
speech, from which i before read, Mr. Buchanan
remarked:
" The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewii-w] lias contended
that the Gpeomt Michigan convention h:ul no power to
assent, because tlie l\«t convention which was held had
refused.
" Mr. K'.vci-g said he had a-iked whether, if the first con-
vention had absented tn the condition pioposed by the act
of Congiess, thete would have bectl any objection to this
assent bec-u^e it had been called by vntae ot ail act of the
Ijegifiatuie?"
'■ Mr. Buchanan said certainly not. It never could have
been contended that this act of the Lcgislatme had vitiated
the fcub^equent pioeeedmis  of Ihe convention. Although
it was not necessary to give them validity, yet it would not
destiny them. It could neither make the ease bettei nor
wor e."
That was the opinion of Mr. Buchanan in re-
gard to the authority of a Territorial Legislature
possessing all the powers under the organic act
which the Kansas Territorial Legislature pos-
sessed to call a convention to form a constitu-
tion. Now, sir, I undertake to say that this
Lecompton convention was not a legitimate con-
vention; that it possessed no authority whatever,
and that all its enactments which it has under-
taken to carry into effect, such as ordering an
election to be supervised by its president, are
void; that every act which it has attempted to
establish over the people of Kansas without their
subsequent ratification is, in the language of Mr.
Buchanan, a usurp aiivn> and 110 man is bound to
submit to it. If the convention submit their pro-
ceedings to the action of the people, and the
people indorse them, that might give them va-
lidity; but without such indorsement they can
have no binding force, because they do not ema-
nate from a legitimate source.
There is one other point in regard to this Kan-
sas matter to which I desire to allude. The
President speaks of the submission of the slavery
question to the people of Kansas in the manner
in which it is submitted—but imperfectly at the
most—as a fair carrying out of the principle of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill. That ,bill has been
held up before the country as establishing the
great principle of self-government; as establish-
ing the principle for which our fathers fought to
secure our independence—the principle of allow-
ing the people to regulate their own domestic
institutions in their own way; and what does
it amount to, according to Mr. Buchanan? It
amounts simply to giving the free white people
of Kansas a right to determine the condition of
a few negroes hereafter to be brought into the
State—and nothing more. The condition of those
now there cannot be touched. To this has the
great principle of self-government now come, ac-
cording to the recognized exponent of the party
which inaugurated the Kansas act! The free
people of Kansas have no right, under the Le-
compton "constilution, to determine on the organic
law under which they shall live. They have no
right to determine the institutions for the govern-
ment of white men—not at all. They cannot
determine what sort of a Legislature they shall
have, of how many members it shall consist,
what the qualifications for membership shall be.
They cannot pass 011 the right of suffrage. They
cannot determine as to the creation of banks,
other corporations, and a thousand other things
which are put into the constitutions by the people
in all our Slates, for the government of free white
men; but they may determine what shall be the
condition of a few negroes, hereafter to be intro-
duced; and that is the great principle of popular
sovereignty according to the message !
I shall have occasion at some future time, to
speak more at length in regard to this document.
My only object in rising now was to meet the as-
sumption, not founded as I conceive in correct
law, that the convention which assembled under
the authority of the Territorial Legislature was a
legitimate convention. It was not as good a con-
vention as the one which met at Topeka, because
that convention did emanate from a portion of the
people at least, whereas the Lecompton conven-
tion emanated,as I insist, from a set of usurpers.
Mr. BROWN. An hour and a half since, I
moved an adjournment; because I then saw, and
stated, that we were about to be hurried prema-
turely into a discussion of the merits of this mes-
sage. A document of so much importance needs,
I think — so far as I myself am concerned I
know—to be deeply studied before Senators can
express opinions upon it which are to bind them,
and, to a very great extent, give direction to pub-
lic opinion throughout the Union, and, I may
sav, throughout the world.
There seems to mo, sir, to be an eagerness to
enter upon this discussion; an anxiety to find fault
on the one side, and to applaud on the other, but
more especially it seems to find fault with the
message imperfectly heard from the Secretary's
desk, and perhaps more imperfectly understood.
Among the junior members of the Senate, the
appeal perhaps comes badly from me to ask a day,
that Senators may sleep a night 011 this document
before they insist on embracing opinions, and
sending them in newspapers and upon telegraphic i
wires throughout all the country, to give direc- i
tion to public opinion upon great questions, par- j
ticularly upon one question which the Senator '
from New Yoik has indicated , may yet give rise
to civil war. I cannot follow the logic of that
Senator, when he says that he is anxious, impa-
tient for the debate; but yet, as I understood him,
he said that, before we reached the coming in of the
next year, wo might have civil war m Kansas.
Sir, if there be civil war lying in our path, and
not a month off, how vastly important must it be
to this deliberative body that every Senator who
speaks shall speak upon deliberation.
Have Senators well considered the importance
which the country will attach to words spoken
here to-day, perhaps lightly thrown off, the im-
pulses of the moment, the feelings of the instant
produced by the reading of the important paper?
Yet, sir, at the very moment while I address this
august body, words already spoken here are being
carried to the remotest part of the Republic to pro-
duce their impression. Possibly,before this body
shall have met again to-morrow, these wordswill
be in print and be read in Kansas to inflame public
feeling there. I implore Senators to consider well
before they take positions and utter sentiments
which I am sure cannot be well.matured on fifteen
minutes'reflection, or ratherupon no reflectionat
all. To test the sense of the Senate on this ques-
tion, I renew my motion to adjourn; and I will not
withdraw it at the instance of any Senator.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.    
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 8, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock,in.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
QUALIFICATION OF A MEMBER.
Mr. John C. Kunkel, a member from the State
of Pennsylvania, appeared and took the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
ELECTION OF PRINTER—PERSONAL EXPLA-
NATION.
Mr. CLEMENS obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I arise to -what I suppose
to be a privileged question—that is, to complete
the organization of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama cannot take the floor from the gentleman
from Virginia, on a motion to proceed to com-
plete the organization of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I hope the gentleman
from Virginia will allow us to complete the organ-
ization of the House before he proceeds to other
matters.
Mr. CLEMENS. I will do so with great
pleasure, if the Speaker will assign the floor to
me when the organization is complete. I beg the
unanimous consent of the House for the purpose
of making a personal explanation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
allow us to complete the organization of the
House, and then he can make his personal ex-
planation.
Several Members. That is right,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Alabama that perhaps
there would be some objection to my colleague
going on after the organization of the House.
The'SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Alabama as objecting?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do object for the present.
And now I move that the House procced to the
election of a Printer to the Thirty-Fifth Congress;
and on that I ask the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be very
glad—and I would state that it is important it
should be done—that this resolution which I send
up should be first acted on.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I understood the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to object to
the explanation of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Clemens,] and to offer his motion. Then,
I object to the proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia, and insist on the regular order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will it be in order
to move to lay the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama on the table?
Mr. CLEMENS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia to let me make my statement.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] is the gentleman
to be appealed to.
Mr. CLIJNGMAN. I raise the question of
order that tins discussion is out of order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is entirely out of
order if objection be made, the previous question
having been demanded.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire simply to state that
my personal explanation relates to the election
of Public Printer.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist on my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. All of us who want to hear
the explanation of the gentleman from Virginia
