56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
35th Cong....1st sess.
Increase of the Army—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
H. Elliot, first firtilk'iy. One Indian killed and four made
prisoners, their camp and all their annuals capmied.
'•The vigilance of the Indians, and the character of the
country, which enabled them to discover puusuit at a great
distance, prevented a more complete <neee^. I n this case,
from the time of leaving their posts until the termination
of the pursuit, the troops maiched three hunched and fifty
miles in eight days. *Thoy buffered from want of water; and
for four days, two in thefmisuit and two after its teumria-
tton, had no provisions bm a small allowance of rice and
coflfce, accidentally obtained in crossing The El Pa^> load.
,5The mayor of Laredo, Sefior Don Santo* Benevidas,
Mr. Edward Jordan, and some twenty-five other citizens oi"
that place, participated m this pursuit, and are repiesented
as having rendered valuable service."
Again:
"Xn. September, 1856. A dctachment of troops fiom
Fort Clark, Texas, commanded by Captain James Oakec,
second cavalry, and composed of Captain Chaiios C. Gil-
bert and eighteen men ot company B, fii.-t infantry; Second
Lieutenant Henry W. Olosson and twelve men of company
I, first artillery; and Second Lieutenant James B. Weth-
enll and Unity men of company C\ second cavalry, pene-
trated the country^between FortOlaik and the mouth of
the Pecos, western Texas, hitherto not vUitod by tioops,
and considered very difficult of access. The expedition was
conducted with so much judgment and energy that, in the
operations of a day, three paiues of Indiana were surpii-ed
between the Rio Grande and Pecos near their junction.
Four of the Indians killed and lour wounded. Their ani-
mals and other piopurty taken oi tlestioyed."
The Senator from Texas knows Indians well
enough to know the difficulty of surprising an
Indian camp. He understands that men, ignorant
of the frontier and its service, ag ho described the
Army to be, would never surprise an Indian camp,
and yet here is a gallant soldier who three times
surprised Indians in one day. Then again:
" XIV. November 30th, 1S56. A detachment composed
of men of company G, tirs t dragoons, and company O,
mounted liflemon, m all twenty, commanded by Second
Lieutenant Hoiace Randal, first di auoons, followed a p;\i tv
of fifty warriors of the Gila Apaches, and alter a ehasc of
three hundied,and, in one dav, of eighu, miles—going over
mountains and plains ot -now, the timl frequently oblitei
uted, without water fori In ee day?- and nights—ovei took the
eiietnvand attacked and dtove them fVom the po-mon of
their own selection, recovering all the captured animals."
That sounds something like pursuit—a puisuit
in which fortitude, skill, and all the knowledge
that could enter into such service, were exempli-
fied in the highest decree, and that too by one of
those very young men h<:ninst whom so many
of the Senator's remarks thitr morning were di-
rected. Again:
"XIX. Apnl 4th, 1P.37, First Lieutenant Walter II. Jeni-
fer, second cavalry, with thuteen men of Company H, of
thnt icgiment, altei a seaieh of flmtcn dujs, <(nd a match
oi'neatly three hundied miles, came upon a fresh trail of
Indians,near the heado! the north fork ot the Nueces nvei,
Texas; and, as the hail led into a toeky countiv, ahno-t
impracticable for cavalry, he dismounted, left Ins hor-e*
with a guard, and columned the puisim with, otiiy seven
man. Alter u tedious march of four unlus, he suddenly
came upon a camp, occupied by fiom eighty to one hundied
Indiana Approaching it, under cover, to within two hun-
dred and Ulty yards, ami he and lu-> little party being dis-
coveied, they were attacked bv all the vvarriois m the camp,
and thieatened. at the <amo time, hya party letnrnnig to it
with houses. He r«^>uNed the Indiana, u nh a loss to'ihom
of two killed and one wounded. It being then night, he
withdrew hi4 men, rejoined ins hordes, am! leimned to the
attack the next day; but, in the mean u hile, the Indian*
dispersed. For the last thiee da)s this detachment had no
rations, having been out seventeen dav-."
I could go on with these instances. 1 have other
cases marked which I might cite. There are twen-
ty-five recitcd in this single order—one of them a
case where the Indians were- drawn up m position,
and waited to receive an attack ofeavahy, when
they were gallantly attacked by Sumner, leading
his" men and. charging in the same manner in
which lie charged the Mexican forces at Molina
del Rey. Hediove them from the field, ami their
safety arose simply from their ainltiy, with their
light horses, to cross a stream, the bed of winch
was composed of sand.
The Senatot, then, has done injustice; and ifhe
will take this order, I will give ft to htm, that he
may see how great is the injustice he has done to
the Army m thus proclaiming to the country that
they have rendered no part ot that duty which de-
. volves upon them for the protection of'the frontier.
If he will read the report of the Secretary of War,
he will find that this is but one of the two orders
that recite such deeds, illustrating the sei vices
which have been rendered by our gallant little
band on the frontier, and answering the reflection
-which the Senator has, I am sure unconsciously,
cast on those who are, mean time, encountering
service more severe than it has often fallen to the
lot of troops to bear.
Then the Senator, in the course of his remarks,
(for I find that, as my opponents are pressed to a
change, I must changealso,) took the ground that,
on one occasion, the Army had been effective; for,
said he, they had killed one hundred and thirty
women and children; and the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] said dragoons had been raised,
under the pretext of defending the frontier against
the Indians, and all he heard of their doings was
their having killed some squaws and children. I
do not know what number he meant, whether the
same one hundred and thirty or not; but he ex-
plained that he meant the same place. The report
of General Harney, in reference to the action re-
ferred to, is to be found in the second volume of
the President's message and accompanying doc-
uments for last year, at page 49. He sets forth
the whole case; and, according to his report, and
the accompanying; reports of the officers who* were
I serving under him, the number of kijled was
j eighty-six, and wounded, five—not one hundred
i and thirty women and children, but eighty-six
I Indians were killed, and five wounded; about sev-
| enty women and ch ildren captured, and fifty mules
] and ponies taken, besides an indefinite number
i killed and disabled. In a report made by Col-
j onel Cooke, which I shall not weary the Senate by
j reading, he explains that the women dressed and
| armed so much like the men, as sometimes to be
I almost undi.stmguishahle from them. They fired
J upon his men; and, in one instance, wounded a
j sergeant who had passed a woman because he
I perceived she was one.
Then, again, the report of Lieutenant Warren,
who was the topogtaphical engineer accompany-
ing the expedition, gives distinctly the whole cir-
cumstances and topograph y of the ground which
caused the killing of," I think, seven women and
three children. After the fii st attack, on the Blue
Water, a pa11 of the Indians escaped across the
plains, and were pursued by the mounted troops.
A part of them, being on a hill, had fled into a sort
of a cave, where the rock hung down near to the
ground, and furnished a loop-hole through which
they fired upon the troops as they approached.
This fire was returned by the troops. A cry was
heatd fiom the interior of this cave, and one of
the interpreters said there were women m it, and
the officer who commanded them (and who, by the
way, the Senator from ]\lainc would have found,
if he had inquired, was a worthy representative
of his .own State) immediately halted, told the in-
terpreter to advance, and called on the women to
come out They did come out, surrendered, and
were not hurt; and all who were killed were those
who had been shot m the cave, where they could
not be seen, and only then after the troops had
been fired at fiom the cave. That, according to
the history of the ease, is the foundation of this
charge of killing one hundred and thnty women
and children.
II The commander of that expedition, General
Harney, might compare his knowledge of Indians
and of Indian character favorably with the Sena-
tor from Texas, or anybody else. That stroke,
which he gave the Indians on the Blue Water, was
the most successful blow that was ever struck on
that frontier for the preservation of its future
peace: and if peace shall be enjoyed by the people
of Nebraska,it will be attributable more to that one
great movement of Harney's than to any thing else
which has ever happened there. Then, movingon,
with that knowledge of Indian character, and that
intrepidity and devotion to ins duty which char-
acterize the man, he went forward, disregarding
all difficulties, until he reached the Missouri river,
and there held a council with the Indians, and
j.' formed with them an agreement, which stands in
: my judgment as a model for all treaties with Indian
f1 tribes. _ lie there established among them an or-
j; ganization, which, if anything could be effective
li to preserve these icstless people m order, would
|j conduce to that result. It has had the good effect,
J; so far as I can learn, thus far to keep the Indians
who have hitherto been hostile, in a state of peace,
and approximating to that end of which the Sen-
ator speaks.
But, sir, in answer to some remarks which have
been made by myself and others, replies have been
offered, which would indicate that there had been
an intention to signify that volunteers were wan-
tonly cruel. I have no disposition to shrink from
the responsibility of what I said; or if I did not
say it, what'l thought. I thought, and I now say,
that if you bsing men out with border animosities,
men who have had past injuries, who come with
grievances to redress, they will exceed the limits
of justice; they will exceed the limits of humanity
and forbearance; they will kill without justifiable
cause. I have no disposition to citc cases, though
it would be easy for me to do so. Volunteers—
the word is'used because others use it; militia is
the strict term-—the militia are xhe people of the
United States, and so are the soldiers of the reg-
ular Army. They are all volunteers. Thank for-
tune we live under a Government where all, who
enter the military service, do it voluntarily. Mili-
tia may be coerced by draft; the, regular soldier
is always a volunteer; his is always a voluntary
enlistment; he is emphatically, under all circum-
stances, the volunteer. But using the term in the
sense in which it has been used, militia, if drawn
from a distance, would be exactly like those en-
listed in the regular service; the whole difference
being the degree of discipline, and that disparity
constantly vanishing in the progress of a long cam-
paign, bringing them at last to precisely the same
standard; being the same mateiiel at the start,
and reaching th'e same result if they are carried
through the same process.
The whole of the cases which were referred to,
and which have been somewhat warped in the
argument, were those which resulted from border
animosity and from partisan feeling. I think I
said—and if I did not, I intended to say—that if
the rnilttia of California were called out against
the Mormons, coming there with the hostility re-
sulting from their contact with them, justifiable, if
you please, but coming with that preconceived
hostility, they would exercise a seventy in their
j[ treatment of them which would not belong to men
!j brought from a distance. * That is my opinion. It
[j is very likely, that if the appeal was made to the
!j men themselves, they would say: " Yes, that is
ii true, we do feel it; and we are likely to exercise
it." I am sure I have never seen a body of militia
m the field, called from the neighborhood of a set-
tlement on which Indian depredations had been
committed, which did not come with the spirit of
extermination, and justify themselves by argu-
ments drawn from what they had suffered.
Wc have also had the argument presented to
us that the militia will always respond to the call
of the country; that they always have been the
effective force winch has fought the battles of the
country; and that they are the reliable strength
of the country. Grant it. Who denies it? The
militia have responded, and they always wiil
respond, when there is occasion; but the militia
never have been called out to hold frontier posts;
and they will be found to be very restless troops
if they should ever thus be employed. It would
be at a great sacrifice of the other interests of the
country, if the militia were so called out. Men "
useful in the ordinary avocations of life, detached
from them and from their families, to perform the
duty of private sentinels at a frontier post, would
be such a waste of valuable material, that it would
deserve to be called anything else than economy,
even if it did not cost a dollar.
But, sir, as to the relative efficiency of the two
species of troops, I have some brief points to
which I will refer; and the first is the 44 Vital Sta-
tistics'' of Dr. "Coohdge, a review of which work
will be found m the American Journal of Medi-
cal Science, for January last, and a table from
the work alluded to, will be found at page 92
of the Journal. Tt is a table showing the pro-
portion of the invalid and disabled troops in the
different services. First, he takes the British
army, giving a percentage of 0.65 per month; then
the regular Army of the United States, giving a
percentage of 0.53; and then the additional force
raised in the war with Mexico, being regular
troops, 0.52; then the volunteers. 1.25 per month.
That is to say the men, who became diseased and
disabled by the contingencies of the camp, were
about double, in the volunteer forces, what ihey
were in the regular army. Why was this? In the
first place, the volunteers did not know how to
take care of themselves; they did not know how
to shelter themselves; they did not know how to
