1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
are environed and had hit upon the true solution
of the Kansas problem. To test the correctness
of this position, it will only be necessary to ex-
amine the facts as thev have occurred.
It was in the year 1854 that the Congress of
the United States repealed that restriction which
denied to the slaveholdmg States of the Confed-
eracy equal rights in certain portions of the ter-
ntoryof the Union. Thatrestriction was declared
by that Congress, and by the President of the
United States to be unconstitutional, inoperative,
null, and void. The opinion which they expressed
was afterwards sustained by a solemn adjudication
of the Supreme Court of the United States; and I
think I may say that the election of the present
President of the United States, and a majority of
the members of the House of Representatives
upon this issue, affords probable evidences of the
fact that this opinion was sustained bya majority
of the people of the United States.
Soon after the passage of this act, the people of
Kansas met to elcct their first Territorial Legis-
lature. I know that objections have been raised
to the manner in which that election was made,
and I shall presently come to the consideration of
those objections; but it is indisputable that a Le-
gislature was thus elected, and not very Ion? after
its election, it submitted to the people-of Kansas
to say whether they would call a convention for
the purpose of forming a constitution and apply-
ing for admission into the Union. At that elec-
tion, a majority of those who chose to vote, de-
.dared in favor of a convention. Upon this, the
Legislature passed another act to provide for a
registry of the voters, and a census of the people;
and also to provide for the election of members to
that convention.
Again, .sir, at this election where all voted who
chose to vote, a representation was elected to
constitute a convention for the purpose of form-
ing a constitution. When this convention met,
it proceeded to the creation of a constitution, and
when that constitution had been formed, it submit-
ted it to the people of Kansas to say whether the
provision in favor of slavery, which it contained,
should iemain in the constitution or whether it
r-hould be stricken out. On that question again,
iti my opinion, all who chose to vote were allowed
to do so; because it was no restriction to say that
when a constitution was once adopted they should
maintain it until it was regularly and legally al-
tered. Upon that vote it was determined bya
majority of those who did vote, that the provis-
ion m favor of slavery should be retained. After-
wards, a vote was taken for the election of mem-
bers to the new government which was ordained
by this constitution, and upon that occasion a
lai'ge vote was cast, some eleven or twelve thou-
sand in number, who, not only by that act, gave
their implied assent to this constitution, but who
expressly (Wlarcd when they voted, that they
would support and maintain it. It ib true that m
the mean time a session of the Territorial Legis-
lature had been convened, to meet after the con-
vention to form a constitution, was m session, and
that this Legislature provided for taking the sense
of the people on the 4th of January, in regard to
the Lecompton constitution. It is also true that
upon that occasion a large vote is professed to
have been cast, by which a majority of some ten
thousand declared against this constitution.
These are the circumstances, as X understand
them, under which Kansas presents herself here
under this Lecompton constitution asking for ad-
mission into the Union, and to that admission
there arc two classes of objectors; the one main-
tain that the original Legislature, the first Legis-
lature which was elected, was not clothed with
legal authority, because, as they assert, an armed
invasion of Missourians took possession of the
ballot-box, and interfered with a fair expression
of popular opinion. Assuming that the action of
such a body was invalid, they say there was no
law in the proper sense of the term for taking the
sense of the people as to a. convention; there was
no law in the proper sense of the term providing
for a registry, and for enabling them to vote for
members*)f a convention; and that the convention
it'.elf when it assembled was, therefore, without
authority and invalid. They have also main-
tciiijvd, i believe, that some of the counties were
Mul aijjWtfd to vote, and that, therefore, the rep-
rfscn'.ation in the convention -was incomplete.
A" tin* in another of
objectors, who deny the validity of this conven-
tion, bccause they say that it was not authorized
| to act by means of what is called an enabling act
on the part of Congress. They also insist that that
constitution is not the act of the people, because
i it was not submitted as a whole by the convention
to the people for their ratification; and as evidence
of the fact that the constitution does not dnly not
express the sentiments of the people, but that it
is repugnant to their wishes, they refer to the fact
that a majority of ten thousand was cast against
it, under the law passed by the Territorial Legis-
lature requiring the sense of the people to be taken
on the 4th of January.
I propose to take up these objections in their
order; and, first, as to the authority of the Legis-
lature. I know that, on one side, the statement
has been made that an armed invasion of Missou-
rians took possession of the ballot-box and dis-
turbed the fair expression of opinion; but, on the
other hand, it has been asserted that these Mis-
sourians consisted of persons who had "staked
out their claims," as it was called, forsettlement
and preemption in the precedingautumn, and had
returned to Missouri, where they could winter,
with the intention of coming back again in the
spring, when the growth of the grass would en-
able them to sustain their stock and take posses-
sion of their new homes. It has been said that
most of those persons did return to Kansas, and
did settle upon these claims. That is the state-
ment of the subject on the other side; and I find
that, in the leportof the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] made two years ago, upon this
subject, he took that view of the question. He
! said:
j "For the successful prosecution of such a scheme, the
: Mitjcounant. who Jived m the immediate vicinity pos-es*ed
! peculiar advantages over their avals from the moie l emote
1 poitions of 1 lie Union. Each family could send one of its
j members across thi' line to mat k out hn claim, elect a cabin,
; and put in a small eiop, ^uihcient togive him as valid a i i^iit
j to be deemed an actual setllei and qualified veteran those
who were being impoited by tlie emigrant aid societies."
In the same leport he states the fact, which is
worthy of observation, that enough members were
elected to each House of the Territorial Legisla-
ture to constitute a quorum, in the opinion of the
Governor, who, as some thought, was the only
judge of the elections and returns; and enough
were elected to constitute a quorum of each House
in the opinion of the Legislative Assembly itself.
In referring to the two reports which were made
on that subject, he says that according to cither
report, there was a quorum of each House elected
* without and beyond dispute.
| Air. COLLAMER. Does the gentleman say
J both reports show that to be so? It is directly
i the other way. They were elected; but they
, were elected, as my report shows, by that violent
1 invasion.
j Mr. HUNTER. I will quote:
| " So far the question involves the legality of the Kan-
! sas Legislatuie,and the validity ot it4? nets,it is entnely im-
material whether we adopt the reasoning and conclusions
' of the minority or majonty repoit«, for each proves that the
• Legislature was legally and duly constituted. The minor-
ity ieport establishes the lact. by the position that the Gov-
; eitior's ceitificatc w,n conrluMve, and that he granted
; certificates to ten out ol the thirteen councilmen, and to
■ seventeen out of the twenty-six representatives w ho fimil\
. held their seats, which was Inigeiy moie than a quorum of
' each branch of the Leirislatme, The majority report e-tab-
■ holies the same fact, bv the position that alter going behind
1 the Governors ceitineate, and carefully examining the
facf, they continued Uie>>e same ten euuncilm.m and sov-
: enteen representatives m Their ^eats, and then uvvaided the
' seats of the other ihiee eoimciimen and nine representa-
tives to the candidates whom the) believed to have been
legally elected at thcgeneial election on the 30th of March."
, Mr. COLLAMER. That is not the election I
was speaking of. The special election was only
in those districts which the Governor set aside. I
speak of tlie election of the body of the Legisla-
ture itself, the first election of the 30th of March.
You say that both reports then made show that
there was a majority legally elected.
Mr. HUNTER. I said the reports of the ma-
jority and minority of the committee of the Le-
gislature of Kansas showed it. I did not refer to
|j our committee.
i Mr. COLLAMER. I beg the Senator's par-
|! don. I thought he alluded to the majority and
| minority reports nf the Committee on Territories.
I: Mr. HUNTER. I said the reports of both par-
ties in the Legislature of Kansas proved this fact.
The gentleman will find it so stated in this report.
B'if, Mr. Presiikn', this much is certain: that the
laws passed for the protection of life and property
by that Legislature, were administered by the
courts of the land; that the legal existence of that
Legislature was acknowledged by Congress, and
by the President of the United States; that it has
received the asssnt of the people of Kansas be-
cause they have lived under its laws, and they
have been the only ones which have been admin-
istered for the protection of their lives and of their
property. The validity of the Legislature is sus-
tained by as many sanctions, if we look to the
forms of law for evidence, as the Legislatures of
Virginia or of Massachusetts.
But suppose that these gentlemen were right;
suppose there were some irregularities in the elec-
tion of this Legislature; still there is one great
fact which is indisputable, and that is, that it was
the only government in Kansas, and that it had
all the authority of a government de facto. Now,
sir, we know thatall civilized nations and all pub-
licists recognize the authority of a government de
facto. They recognize that authority because, as
was well said by President Polk when he dpclaied
that the military government in California was
the only government in existence, unless you
acknowledge such a government you permit an-
archy; and civil societies notonly presume against
it, but they defend themselves against anarchy as
animated beings protect themselves againstdeath.
It is the very necessity of their existence. The
law of their being requires them to do so. I say,
then, that if it were not a government de jure, it
was indisputably a government dc facto; and ac-
cording to all the prescriptions of society, accord-
ing to all the maxims of law, its action is obliged
to be recognized as valid, for there was no gov-
ernment in that Territory to dispute its authority.
Then, sir, if its action was valid, it was by law
that it ordered the sense of the people to be taken
in regard to a convention; it was by law that it
ordered members to be elected to that convention;
and it is nothing to say that a majority of the
people of Kansas, although allowed to do so, le-
fused to vote at that election. There is nothing
in this objection, because it is everywhere admit-
ted that those who do not vote in a free repre-
sentative government are bound by the action of
those who do. What is the right of a majority
according to those who claim most for it? The
right of a majority is to determine a question
which is submitted to the vote of a people for
decision; it is their right, too, to elect the mem-
bers when they are to be elected by popular vote;
but that is the full extent of all they can claim.
A majority have no right to say that they will
refuse to vote, and thei eby create anarchy, cha<"'3,
and confusion. No such right could be acknowl-
edged consistently with the existence of renie-
sentative government itself; and yet it is pre-
cisely this which is claimed in this ease. The
very existence of free representative government
itself requires that you should insist that the ma-
jority, who could control if they would, must be
governed by the minority who do vote, if they
themselves refused to act. This is necessary be-
cause the Government must go on; and you must
presume against anarchy, and save civil society
from its evils.
It is nothing, then, that these persons refuse to
vote at a time when they might have done so. I
know that it is said, in relation to the question
whether there should be a convention, that thr re
were some tests required; but thesame cannot be
said in regard to that election in which members
of the convention were chosen. The majority, if
it existed, could have controlled things as they
desired. The right thus to control has never been
disputed; that right has never been taken away
from the 111; but when they come here and claim
more, and affirm the right by refusing to act, and
refusing to discharge their legal duties, to create
a state of anarchy in a community, they claim
what never can be, and never ought to be, accorded
to them.
In regard to the other objection, that some of
the counties were unrepresented, it has been so
fully and completely answered that I think I need
not take up your time by further adverting to it;
for it has been shown that it was a minority, at
best, who lived within them; that, if the census
was not taken there, it was because the free-State
party would not permit it to be taken; and that,
in any point of view, there were not persons
enough in the~c counties to have affected s:n-
