1837.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Mr. Clemens] should vote down the previous
question, and then he can speak.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I stated that I had j
a resolution to offer in connection with this ques- I
tion. Is it in order to make a motion of this
description—to lay the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama on the table? On that motion I
desire to make some remarks, if it is in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I ask that
my resolution, whichis very brief, shall be read.
Several Members objected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to lay the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama on the
table; and 011 that I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLEMENS. I appeal ta the friends of
Mr. Wendell to permit me 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Clemens] is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. At the suggestion
of gentlemen around me, I will agree to with-
draw my motion, and will concur in voting down
the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to make an inquiry.
If the demand for the previous question be voted
down, I presume that the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Alabama will be then debatable, and
that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Clemens]
will have the opportunity of making his personal
explanation.
Several Members. Certainly; we understand it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And, as I am in favor of
free discussion, I am in favor of voting down the
previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to this debate in the
shape of an inquiry.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded tellers upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Houston,
and Smith of Virginia, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-eight, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
MESSAGE FROM THE SEJMATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the ^nate had appointed a com-
mittee to join a committee appointed by this
House to wait upon the President of the United
States to inform him that a quorum of the two
Houses has assembled, and that Congress is
ready to receive any communication he may be
pleased to make. 1
PERSONAL EXPLANATION RESUMED. |
Mr. CLEMENS. I beg leave now to submit
the following correspondence, which sufficiently
explains itself;
Washington City, Dccemhcr G. lfco7.
Dear Sir: I had lcfl the caucus last night a few moments
before the incident occurred to which I now take the lib-
erty of inviting your attention. 1 leain that 111 the course
of your remarks "u [ion tue proposition to postpone the nom-
ination of a Public Pi inter, you were understood very broad-
ly arid distinctly to intimate that 5011 were posse-seed of
some facts calculated to nnpeacll the integrity of Mr. Wen-
dell, the present incumbent of that office, and although
several tunes mtei logated, that you declined to disclose to
the meeting the tacts upon whicn you ba*ed jour conclu-
sions as to his character. As the caucus will leasseinhle
to-morrow night for the purpose ot acting upon the only
unfinished business, the Humiliation of a Public Pimtei,
allow me, as one ot your colleagues, to inquire what aie
the facts upon which you have made this attack upon Mr.
Wendell ? I wish them for the guidance ol niv conduct 111
the choice which I shall bo called upon to make between
the competing candidates. And peimit me further to sug-
gest the propriety of j our autlionzmg me to submit your
reply to Mr. Wendell, lhat he may have an opportunity of
makm° such explanations or defense as the ease may re-
quire. In making this last suggestion, I am not acting at
tile instance nor as the tuend of Mr. Wendell, for I have
had no conversation with him 011 the subject, nor have 1
as yet at any time decided to give to him my support as
Public Printer. But I think some such couise 011 your"part
would be fair, matilv. and just-due to your own charac-
ter, due to your associates 111 Congress, and especially due
; to an individual who, whatever may he his enors, rtid, to
my certain knowledge, in the presidential canvass ol l&ob,
signalize his zeal for the success of the Democratic party
! by acts of extraoidinary liberality and ptiblie epi«t.
' Yours, truly, CII■ JA&. I1
Hon, Sherrard Clemens.
! Mr. KEITT. I rise to a question of order,
I wish to know what connection this matter has
with the motion before the House, which I under-
i stand to be the election of Printer to the House ?
I do not wish to throw any obstacle in the way
of the gentleman from Virginia, but if the char-
acter of the Democratic party is arraigned and
upon trial, or if the character of Mr. Wendell as
an officer of this House is arraigned and upon
trial, I can see some pertinency in this course;
but if neither the character of the Democratic
party nor of Mr. Wendell is on trial, I beg to
know what pertinency there is in this matter to
the question before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not like to
rule the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia
out of order, for he does not know the application
he proposes to make of the correspondence he
has read.
Mr. KEITT. I then take the ground that it
requires unanimous consent to proceed.
Several Voices. He has it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
derstand it. The motion of the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] was to proceed to the
election of a Printer. The previous question was
demanded, but not seconded. The gentleman
from Virginia sought the floor—and was recog-
nized by the Chair—to speak upon the pending
proposition, " Shall the House proceed to the
election of a Public Printer?" He has the floor
upon that question. The Chair thinks that the
remarks of the gentleman from Virginia, if objec-
tion is made to them, are out of order, because
of their irrelevancy.
Mr. STEPHENS. It seems to me that any-
thing which the gentleman from Virginia may
say relating to the public printing, or the candi-
dates before the House, would be relevant. The
letter which the gentleman is reading relates to
the public printing; and it may be that the gentle-
man will follow it with some remarks upon that
correspondence directly pertinent to the question
before us.
The SPEAKER. That is true; and the Chair
regretted that the point of order was pressed,
inasmuch as the gentleman from Virginia might
make the discussion entirely relevant and legiti-
mate.
Mr. STEPHENS. I trust the gentleman from
South Carolina will withdraw the objection, and
let us hear the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. CLEMENS. I trust my friend from South
Carolina, as an act of justice to myself, will with-
draw his point of order.
Mr. KEITT. I withdraw it.
Mr. CLEMENS, (resuming.) To this letter
of my colleague I gave the following reply:
Washington* City, December 7,1857.
Dear Sir : Your letter of yesterday was left, in ray ab-
sence, in my room. . . i
After a night's deliberation upon the only pu??estton in it
which it is, requisite for me now to notice. T have concluded
that, under the ciicumnanoes, it 1.- more manly to appuse
; the Printer of the House of the nature of the accusation
i which i fclid.ll bring agaimt him.
1 As you have voluntarily proposed to be the medium to
accomplish this object, 1 empower you to submit the in-
closed statement, m wuting, (which I shall lay before the
Democratic caucus to-night.) to him, and. under no cir-
cumstances. to any other person.
I shall be obliged to you to return to me the said state-
ment, with this letter, m ume forthe meeting this evening.
Veiy trulj, youis, SHERRARD CLEMENS.
Hon. Charles Ja.mes Faulkxkk.
The statement inclosed in this letter was as
follows:
Statement prepared to be submitted to the Democratic caucus
of members of the House of Representatives* for the 1 'hir-
tn Fifth Congress, at the adjourned meeting, December 7,
1857.
After what occurred m the Democratic caucu« on Satur-
day night last, I had a right to expect that I should be called
on, m some authoritative form, for the facts upon which
the statement I then orally made was predicated. I pro-
ceed, therefore, to detail them in writing. I have hitherto
systematically refused to answer any personal interroga-
tories upon the subject, for the simple reason that I had the
right to place the whole affair in written language, beyond
misconstruction or misrepresentation.
It may be well to state, in the ouiset, that I am not ac-
quainted with the present Printer of the Hous<i,aud do not
even know him by sight.
On Saturday last, the 5th dav of this month, I was ac-
costed by a pors.wi with whom I have had an acquaintance
of some years' standing. At the close of a somewhat pro-
tracted conversation, he informed me that he was inter-
ested m proeuiing the IFou-*e printing, dunni? the present
Congtess, for Cornelius Wendell, of New York, at present
Printer of the House.
lie suggested that a specific consideration could be se-
emed to mv mother, dependent upon one of two eontm-
trfM-)cies • First, That I bhould cast my vote for said Cor-
nelius Wendell, in the election for House Punter at the
present session ; Second, Thdl I should abstain from voting
by absenting myself from the Hoase at the time of the
vote.
Without dilating upon my emotions at such an overture,
it i<s sufficient to say, that I referred him to the sixth sec-'
tion of the act of Congress of February 26,1853, by which
the proposed crime was punishable; I told him that he had
put himself in my power; that he had mistaken his man j
thiat the intimation of such a thing was a gross personal
insult to myself; and that I should exact from him tie*
amplest reparation.
lie became deeply agitated $ supplicated my pardon in
the most impassioned terras; said that he had been mis-
taken and misled; that he knew I had the power to rutin
him, and all connected with him, and beseeched me id
spare him the infamy which would attaeh to the exposure
of his name. At present, I have nothing further to say,
except that he never has been, to my knowledge, a citizen
of Virginia; and that in this whole affair, I have acted on
my individual responsibility alone, and that the courfee 1
have taken has been prompted entirely by the duty I owe
the Government, whose officer I am.
This statement I am ready to verify in the most solemn
of all forms. SHERliAfiD CLEMENS.
My colleague then addressed the following
letter to Mr. Wendell himself:
Washington, December 7,1857,
Sir: I herewith inclose to you a letter and statement
received this morning from Hon. Sherrard Clemens,
which, in fairness and justice, should be promptly laid
before you for such explanations as you may deem proper.
I should be pleased to have your reply in time to lay it
before the Democratic caucus, which meets this evening
at 7 o'clock". You will perceive, from the letter of Mr.
Clemens, that he does not wish his statement shown to
any other person than yourself. This, in my judgment,
does not preclude you from showing it to some few confi-
dential friends with whom you might choose to consult on
the subject.
I am, truly, yours, OH. J. FAULKNER,
Cornelius We^oell, Esiq.
Subsequently, Mr. Wendell addressed the fol-
lowing letter to my colleague:
Washington, D. C., December 7,1857.
Sir: Herewith 1 inclose you my reply to the statement
of the Hon. Sherrard Clemens.
You will very much oblige me by laying the same before
the Democratic caucus this evening.
With sentiments of the highest regard, I remain your
obedient, servant, C. WENDELL.
Hon. C. J. Faulkner.
This is the statement to which reference is
made in Mr. Wendell's letter:
To the Honorable the Democratic Members of the House
of Representatives:
Gentlemen : The Hon. Sherrard Clemens having, at
the earnest solicitation of my friends, submitted to me a copy
of a statement, indirectly affecting my chaiacter, which
statement he intends to lay before you this evening, 1 reply:
First.—I have no knowledge of the facts alluded to, other
than that contained in his paper.
"Second.—So far as the inference is sought to be drawn
from his statement that any person approached him m an
improper manner, with my authority or knowledge and
m my behalf, I hereby most solemnly deny, and earnestly
protest against any such inference on the part of any gen-
tleman, based as it is, thus far, on a nameless author; and
, am utterly at a loss to imagine who the individual is to
: whom he a!ludei:.
J If the lion. Sherrard Clemens, or any other member,
1 has anv chaige to make against mc, touching the public
printing or otherwise, and which shall be made to assume
a tangible form, susceptible of disproval,! hold myself ready
to dispiove it to the satisfaction of every unprejudiced and
honorable man.
I do most solemnly a^ert that I have never directly or
indirectly, eitherm person orbv any agent,ottered any pecu-
niary or other consideration to am member of Congiess, to
seeute their vote for me for the office of Public Printer.
This deelaianon I wish to be understood as full, clear, and
explicit, without any mental or other reservation, denying
and defyihgthe proof in any manner or shape whatsoever.
Relative toother charges of plunder and corruption—em-
anating, as they heretofore have, from the hungry leeches
who infest the lobbies of the House, too lazy to work, too
proud to ben, and too cowaidiyto steal openly—T have not
heretofore deemed them worthy my notice. But finding
their as^eitions have produced an impression upon some
members who are personally unacquainted with me, I now
challenge and defy any and* every one of them to substan-
tiate even the least of their allegations against me.
In conclusion, as I am not personally acquainted with
Mr. Clemens, I would take this occasion to state that I
!' should take it as a great personal favor if he would eom-
H muuicate to me privately, if he does not wish to do so pflb-
| I holy, tiie name of the individual who thus dared to approacii
him m my behalf.
With great respect,
C. WENDELL*
Now, Mr. Speaker, up to this moment, I do
not know Cornelius Wendell. I have had no
conscious conversation with him at any period
of my life. I do not know him even by sight;
and in this whole affair, from its commencement
to its close, 1 aver here, on my responsibility m
the dread hereafter, that I have had no purpose to
accomplish—that I have had no end to subserve
 except the duty which I conceived was due to
myself and to my country. Acting on this line
of duty, and on this alone, I have conceived it
incumbent on me, in the position in which I have
been placed, to eliminate this question of all
