1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
ously the representative character of the conven-
tion.
I come now to the other class of objectors; to
those who object to the authority of this conven-
tion because it wanted the support of an enabling
acton the part of Congress, What, let me ask, arc
the functions of an enabling act? An enabling act
is, in the first place, a declaration on the part of
Congress, that within certain boundaries thereisa
people who are sufficiently numerous and matured
as a society to claim admission into the Union, if
they present a constitution republican in its form.
It is also an invitation to those people thus to
meetand present their constitution for admission.
When they do that, Congress is bound in good
faith to pass whatever further acts may be neces-
sary, in order to admit them into the Union. But,
Mr. President, all that is necessary in order to
justify the admission, is that there should be the
application of a people who, within proper bound-
aries, are sufficiently numerous and sufficiently
matured as a society to qualify them for entrance
into the Union, and that their constitution should
be republican in its form. Whenever that case
is presented, there is the justification for Congress
to enter into the compact with the State which
is necessary in order to admit it; a compact to
which there are two parties—the people of the
State applying for admission 011 the one hand,
and the Congress of the United States agreeing to
admit it on the other. The difference between the
two cases is, that in the one Congress is morally
bound by its previous pledge, and in the other it
acts merely upon the propriety of the application,
judging it by the circumstances under which it is
made. As a proof that it is so, we have been re-
ferred, over and over again, to the numerous in-
stances in which States have been admitted with-
out any enabling act.
Let us proceed now to the other objection, that
the constitution is not to be considered as the act
of the people, because it was not submitted as a
whole to that people for their ratification. This
idea proceeds on the supposition that it is not com-
petent to the people of a State to express their sense
of their interests and their wishes on the subject
of a constitution through the means of represent-
atives in a convention; that it is not competent to
a people to meet and declare that they wish to con-
fide their whole power in this convention, and that
their act, whatever it might be, should be final.
To assert this,is to declare that there is no capa-
city in representatives to represent the views and
interests of the people; because, if there be a ca-
pacity in representatives thus to express their
wishes and interests, surely the people have the
right to express themselves in whatever practi-
cable mode they may themselves prefer. If the
capacity be admitted, no man can doubt the right
of the people to say that the acts of their repre-
sentatives shall be final and conclusive. If, then,
we say there is not a capacity in a representative
assembly to express the opinions and wishes of
the people in regard to matters of constitution, is
it not obvious that that capacity does not exist in
relation to matters of law ? And the result would
be that a popular form of government is only pos-
sible in those communities where there is a small
number of people, and where they can meet and
delrberate together.
But, sir, I think it will not be difficult to show
that this principle is impracticable, and could not
possibly be executed. If you must have the sense
of the people in regard to a constitution, in order
to make it their will and make it valid, then you
must not submit it as a whole, but must submit it
in parts; you must submit it proposition by prop-
osition to gather their will precisely; because, al-
though they might prefer the instrument, when
submitted as a whole, to the old form of govern-
ment, it does not follow that they are in favor of
all the provisions which it contains. If, then, you
should submit it to them proposition by proposi-
tion, this result might follow: that after the ma-
jority had struck out such parts as they disliked,
'the constitution, as a whole, would turn out to be
a very different thing from what anybody had
expected or desired. Then you would be forced
to resubmit it again, or call another convention
to change the form in which it is to be presented a
second "time; it would then be found that, in a
large community, it would be impossible to take
the sense of the people on the different parts of the
constitution. I sav, therefore, that it would be
impossible to carry out this doctrine in order to
ascertain the popular will on the subject of their
constitutions.
But, sir, Congress is to send it back, and require
its submission as a whole. Let me ask you what
right has Congress to send this constitution back,
and require its submission to the people, if the
people, through their representatives, say they do
not desire it to be thus submitted ? The right to
require this ratifying vote must rest with those
people, or it must rest with the Congress of the
United States. It cannot be in both; and if the i
Congress of the United States can say it shall bo
submitted, it must also declare to whom it is to be
submitted*, it must prescribe the right of suffrage;
it must say who shall constitute the body-politic.
It may provide that it must be submitted, not
merely to whites, but to negroes, to Indians, and
to aliens; and in thus prescribing who shall be the
body-politic, and who are the voters to decide upon
it, they may determine that no constitution shall >
be brought here that does not permit an absolute
equality among those races. That is a matter not
within the jurisdiction of Congress, but within
that of the people of this inchoate State, who are
acting in the capacity of the people of a State. To
deny them such a light would'be to deny their
equality with the other States of the Union. It
may be said that the people of a Territory have
no such sovereignty. True; but the people of a
State do possess it, and if Congress agrees to their
application, its act of admission relates back, and
recognizes their action as that of the people of a
State.
Not only, then, is this doctrine, in the latitude
in which it is laid down, impracticable, but I af-
firm that the submission which was made was the
very fairest that could possibly have been offered.
The great question of division among them was in
regard to slavery. Who can doubtthat? This was
the only question submitted. If the constitution
had been submitted as a whole, you could have
ascertained their sense accurately in relation to the
great matter of dispute. An anti-slavery man
might, perhaps, have voted for tho constitution
because there were other provisions which he
liked; and a pro-slavery man might have voted
against it because there were other provisions
which he disliked; but when you presented it to
him to determine that question, and that question
only, you took the precise expression of the pop-
ular voice m regard to that subject. j
I know, sir, it has been said that the question was i
not submitted because the people were required \\
to vote for the constitution before they could ex-
press an opinion on the subject of slavery. That, ii
I say, with all deference to the respectable gentle- jj
men who have maintained the proposition, seems j|
to me to be a mere verbal quibble. Why, sir, ii
what was it for which the voter was responsible j
when he voted under this submission? He was i
responsible only for expressing an opinion in re- !
gard to that matter which Ins vote could affect, j
and notforany declaration of sentiment asto other !
provisions m the constitution which his vote could J
not affect; and what was there in that instrument j
which his vote could affect? Surely it was only 1
tho subject of slavery itself. [
Well, Mr. President, to confirm this action of I
the Lecompton convention, we have the fact that !
some eleven or twelve thousand persons—I will !
not be precise as to numbers—voted for the ofll- j
cers who were to compose the new government j
under this constitution, and that they did so not j
merely with a simple assent to the constitution, j
but with the express declaration that they would 1
support it, for they weie not allowed to vote until ,
they agreed to sustain the constitution—thjit is [j
to say, to sustain it if adopted, until it should be j]
legally changed or abolished. Such, in myopin- j
ion, was the pledge when fairly construed. |
Against all this, we are referred to the vote j
which was taken on the 4th of January under the j
law of the Territorial Legislature, as evidence that '
the people of Kansas are opposed to this constitu- ;
tion. Mr. President, I deny that this vote is an ,
element in the argument. If the convention at Le- j
compton was valid, if its acts were authorized, ;
then this Legislature had no authority to pass a :
law, to take the sense of the people; they had no
authority to do that which belonged to the con- :
vention itself to do; for it was for that body to i
take the sense of the people in regard to Us action, !
and not for a Legislature which came into b^ing !
afterwards. If we admit the State under that con-
stitution, and thus acknowledge that it was a
State, the act relates back to the time of the adop-
tion of the constitution; and nothing that was in-
consistent with that provision is legal and valid.
If, on the other hand, this convention was notan
authorized body, that settles the question itself;
and it is useless to look further to the votes in re-
lation to it. If itwere-un unauthorized body, there
is no validity in its acts, and it is idle to count the
votes that were cast against it.
But, sir, we are told that whatever may be the
evidence which has been taken, according to the
forms of law, whatever may be the legal presump-
tions in this case, we ought not to regard them
when there is such palpable evidence that a ma-
jority of the people of Kansas are against the
adoption of this constitution. Here lies, in my
view, the most plausible of all the arguments
which have been urged against it. We must re-
member that the very existence of popular gov-
ernment itself requires that we should take no
evidence in regard to the popular will, save that
which is presented according to the proper forma
of law. That principle is necessary to protect
the right of self-government in a representative
system; and I think I have shown you, sir, that
according to that evidence which has been taken
in conformity with the forms of law, this consti-
tution is to be considered as the valid act of tho
people of Kansas. But I put aside that for the
present; and I come to this other argument, that
whatever may be the legal presumption, here is
positive evidence that a majority of the people
are against this constitution.
Mr. President, I pass over the circumstances
that this vote on the 4th of January was an ex
parte proceeding; that it has not been exposed to
the wholesome test of an adversary scrutiny; that
circumstantial evidence has beenadduced to show
that more votes were cast in certain placcs than
could possibly have been fairly given there. I pass
over all these considerations, and I ask whether
this fact itself does present conclusive evidence
that the people of Kansas are against thfs consti-
tution ? What is it that is expressed by this vote
in which the ten thousand majority was given ?
We are not to infer from it that this majority were
not allowed to carry out their will in regard to the
constitution, and that therefore we are to afford
them some redress for that grievance; we are not
to infer that, because it is plain they could have
carried out their will had they chosen to do so.
If this majority did exist, they could have pre-
vented any convention. If it did exist after acon-
vention was cailed, they could have elected their
own members, and made the constitution what
they pleased. If, after the constitution was formed
and submitted, they had chosen to do so, they
could have stricken out that feature of slavery
which presented to their minds the only real ob-
jection to it. They come here, therefore, not to
complain that their will was defeated; for, in that
event, they would have been entitled to the re-
spectful consideration of Congress; they make no
such complaint, because such was not the fact;
but they come here to complain because we will
not agree to say that a majority of the people,
under a representative government, shall, by re-
fusing to vote, and by refusing to discharge their
duties under the law, create astate of anarchyand
confusion, and put an end to all government in
the country to which they belong. Is such a de-
mand as that entitled to respect? Can there be
any equity which should induce us to regard such
a claim? If they came here to say that a major-
ity had not been allowed to vote on the question
of the convention—if they came here to say that
a1 majority had not been allowed to elect the mem-
bers to this convention—there might be something
in the complaint; indeed, there would be good
cause of remonstrance; but that is not their ob-
jection, as I understand it. Their complaint, I
repeat, is that we will not agree that they, by
refusing to act at all, shall produce a state of
anarchy, of chaos, and confusion, in that Tern-
tory.
But, sir, suppose that we were to lay aside all
law, all the presumptions as to legal evidence, and
endeavor to ascertain the natural equity of the
case, in order that we might conform to it—I do
not say it would be safe, or proper, or right to d< 
that; but 1 will suppose we were endeavoring so
to act; what would be the equity winch we should
