1096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
consult? The equity is, that the will of a ma-
jority of those who are bona fide inhabitants of
"Kansas, who intend to make a common fortune
with that Territory; and who areguided in refer-
ence to its constitution by a view to its interests,
should be respected. But suppose it were proved
—I will make the case a suppositive one—that
most of those composing this majority consisted
of persons who did not cast their votes in refer-
ence to the interests of Kansas, but in reference
to undue outside influences in Massachusetts or
Missouri; suppose it were proved that this-num-
ber was not composed of bona fide residents, who
intended to live permanently in Kansas, but that
many of them were persons who would leave the
moment affairs were regularly settled; suppose
it were proved, too, that many of them were main-
tained by money furnished from without the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, for the purpose of keeping up
a state of disorder and confusion; would any man
say that, in equity, the votes of such personsiwere
entitled to any more rcspect here, because they
happened to be cast in Kansas, than if they had
been given by assemblages in Massachusetts or
in Missouri ? Surely not. Is there not strong,
circumstantial evidence to prove that such must
have been the case with many of those voters? If
it was their desire to settle the matter in reference
to the interests of Kansas', and they did constitute
a majority, why did they not vote for members
of the convention ? Why did they not make the
constitution conform to their wishes? They had
the power to do so under the laws. Why did
they fail ? How are we to account for it, unless
we suppose that thoy desired to keep this ques-
tion open with all its agitations, no matter what
misht be the expense or the injury to the people
of Kansas, or the destruction of the interests of
that Territory ? If v/e can suppose that, I ask,
as 1 did before, are they entitled to our respect
upon any consideration of equity which may lie
alleged ?
But, Mr. President, I take another view of it.
Suppose that this wrong was about to be perpe-
trated; suppose that in the admission of Kansas
wo were going to bring into the Union a people,
the majority of whom did not desire the consti-
tution under which it is admitted, it is a wrong
which carries its own remedy with it. It will carry
its own remedy immediately and swiftly, because
the main subject of grievance, as we all know, is
that of slavery, and the Lecompton constitution
itself allows a majority of the Legislature to eman-
cipate the slaves, provided they will pay for them;
and is there any civilized Government in the
world which would emancipate slaves without
paying for them ? Did not the English and French
Governments compensate the owners? Would
the Legislature of any State emancipate the ne-
groes without paying for them ? What would be
the burden on that Territory of paying for some
one hundred, or two hundred, or perhaps three
hundred negroes ? Is it a matter to he consid-
ered when they could thusaccomplish theirwishes
and give peace to the country at so small an ex-
pense? and shall we say that we will keep up all
the complications and agitations of this question
because they are unwilling to make even that
small exertion in order to carry out theirwishes?
This matter, it seems to me, cannot be consid-
ered bv gentlemen who have been complaining
'hat the will of the people of Kansas has been
disappointed. In the second section of the sev-
enth article the Lecompton constitution provides
that " the Legislating shall have no power to pass
laws for the emancipation of s'.ivcs without the
consent of the owners, or without paying the
mvn£r=!, previous to tiieir emancipation, a full
equivalent in money for the slaves so emanci-
pated." Is not the power to emancipate upon
compensation expressly given by these words?
It has been said, however, that the question of
slavery was not the only one in regard to which
there was controversy; and that the people might
desire to change the constitution itself. I believe
there is a large majority in Congress, a large ma-
jority everywhere, who think that the people of
Kansas will have the right to change this con-
stitution even before 18(54—not for the reason
given by the President of the United States, for I
■im not one of those who believe it is not in the
power of a convention to limit the right of its
successors as to a change, (that is for a limited
period of time,) or to prescribe the mode in which
it shall be done; but I incline to think there is no
provision for the case before 1864. If there be no
provision, it stands like all other States in con-
simffli casu; and then, with the assent of the exist-
ing government to the call of a convention, such
a Body could change the constitution.
Whether this be so or not it will depend on the
people of Kansas themselves to say; because if
there be a majority who believe they have the
right, and who desire to change it, that majority
will get possession of the Legislature, and there
will then be harmony between the existing gov-
ernment and the now one called into being under
the second constitution. The same majority
would control them both, and if there were har-
mony between both, there is no one that could
apply to the General Government for its inter-
ference. The case in which a Legislature would
apply for Federal interference, under such circum-
stances, is when there is an old government which
is contesting with the new for authority and juris-
diction ; but no such case could arise here because
the same majority would rule them both.
If this be so, if this people would have the
power to change their constitution, I ask if they
could not remedy the evil much more readily and
completely after they were brought in as a State,
than if they were remanded and sent back to their
territorial condition ? If they came to act on this
subject as a State, they would act on it in refer-
ence to the interests and feelings of Kansas alone.
They would not be disturbed by the fear that un-
less their constitution should suit the views of a
majority of Congress, they would not be admitted;
but being in the Union, they would have nothing
to consider except the interest of Kansas itself.
Thoy would therefore come to a conclusion much
more readily, and under much sounder and safer
influences than if they were to attempt it after
they were remanded to a territorial condition.
I say, then, sir, that if it be the great object of
their wishes to be enabled to govern Kansas ac-
cording to the wishes of a majority, and they do
constitute such a majority, that the readiest and
easiest mode of gratifying that desire is to admit
Kansas as a State in the Union. We do the ma-
jonty 110 wiong, therefore, by such an admission;
but, on the contrary, we affoid thein the most
certain and easiest mode of securing their rights.
The argument, then, as it seems to me, stands
thus: We are bound to take the evidence of the
popular will, according to the forms of law as pre-
scribed in such cases. But if we are bound to take
this evidence in conformity with law, then Kan-
sas is entitled to admission under the Lecompton
constitution. If it be said on the other hand, that
to do that would be to inflict a wrong on the ma-
jority of the people of Kansas who do not desire
such a constitution, the answer is, that if it does
inflict a wrong it will afford them the means of
righting themselves more speedily and easily than
any other mode which can be devised. All they
could claim would be the right to mold their in-
stitutions according to the wishes of the majority.
A majority could mold those institutions much
more readily and safely, and under much sounder
influences, after they were admitted as a State,
than if they were sent back to their territorial
condition.
Why, then, sir, should any party resist tlie ad-
mission of Kansas under the Lecompton consti-
tution ? Not because they desire to make it a free
State, for if this majority exists it is manifest they
would make it a free State if they desired. They
could make it so through their Legislature alone.
They could make it so in the opinion of most per-
sons by a change of the constitution. They could
make it so readily and expeditiously. The oppo-
sition cannot be much for that reason. It must
either be because those who oppose it desire to
keep the question open for political purposes, or
else because they are unwilling to admit, even for
a moment, any State which tolerates slavery by
its constitution.
Now, Mr. President, I will not suppose, I will
not argue upon the supposition that any numer-
ous party in this country would desire to keep
open such a question, in order to continue the
agitation and the differences which it might occa-
sion. And is there any party which would be
willing to declare to this country that they would
not admit another slaveholding State into this
Union again, no matter what might be its claims
to admission in other respects? To assert the
right to look into the constitution to see whether
it contains slavery or not, is to assert the right to
look into it for every other purpose. If you can
look into it and refuse admission to a State be-
cause its constitution tolerates slavery, you can
refuse it admission because it con tains other things
which may not be agreeable to you. You must
either claim that general power, which is contrary
to the equality of the States and to all our notions
of their rights, or else you must insist that slavery
comes under the ban of a law higher than the
Constitution, and that all the constitutional guar-
antees are worthless and good for nothing, so far
as that institution is concerned. Sir, I will not
comment upon the consequences of such a decla-
ration, at this time, to the American people. In
the name of this mighty Union, and of the hopes
and aspirations of thirty millions of people, I pro-
test against any such expression of opinion on the
part of this Government; and yet it does "seem to
me that the Senator from New York [Mr. Sew-
ard] rests his objection upon grounds very like
this. He says, speaking of this controversy:
"X would have it ended now, and would have the wounds
of society bound up and healed. Hut this can be done only
in one way." " It can be done only
by the simple and direct admission of the three new States
as free States, without qualification, condition, reservation,
or compromise, and by the abandonment of ali further at-
tempts to extend slavery under the Federal Constitution."
To sustain this extr'eme, and I think I may say,
extraordinary conclusion, the Senator has resorted
to a novel course of argument—argument ( can
hardly call it, for he has thrown up his brief and
abandoned the bar, and taken his post in the wit-
ness stand to give what he calls a statement of the
! case, a history of the affair; and such a history I
! think I never read before. It must have been
■ with histories of this kind that Sir Robert Wal-
| pole was familiar when he declared against any
i such reading as being unsuitable to the last hours
| of life. Here, sir, I would say that I do not im-
j pute to the Senator from New York any design
i willfully to misrepresent facts, but I must say that
I this statement is so colored by his party views
[ as to make it, in my opinion, utterly unreliable.
Let us see how it runs:
j " The people of Kansas, thus deprived, not merely of self-
government, hut even of peace, tranquillity, and security,
fell back on the inalienable revolutionary right of voluntary
reorganization. They determined, however, with admirable
temper, judgment, and loyalty, to conduct their proceedings
for this purpose in deference and subordination to the au-
thority of the Federal Union, and according to the line of
safe precedents."
And of whom do you suppose that is predi-
cated ? Of the Topekaites, among whom are to be
included General Jim Lane and his band of ma-
rauders. Those are the persons whom he thus
characterizes in his history. But, paulo majora
canamus, he has given us a chapter on the Su-
preme Court, and, although it is not my purpose
to trench upon the province of the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] who made, on yes-
terday, a defense of that august body so complete
and eloquent, that any attempt on my part to add
to it might mar, but certainly could not improve
it, and yet, sir, by way of testing the character of
this history, it may not be amiss to read a few-
extracts from that chapter:
"The new President, undera show of moderation, masked
a moi e effectual intervention than tnat of his prcdcces&or,
in favoi of slave labor and a slave State. Before coming
into office, he approached, or was approached by, the Su-
preme Court of the United States."
Again:
" The day of inauguration came—the first one among all
the celebrations of that great national pageant that was to
he desecrated by a coalition between the executive andju-
dicial departments, to undei mine the national Legislature
and the liberties of the people."
And yet again:
" The pageant ended. On the f>rh of March the judges,
without even exchanging their silken robes for courtiers'
gowns, paid then salutations to the President, in the es.ee-
■ urtve palace. Doubtle&sly the President received them as
graciously as Chailes I. did the judges who had, at his in-
stance, subverted the statutes of English liberty."
Such are the choice excerpts from that chapter
of his history which is not only unsupported by-
authorities, but, as the Senator from Louisiana
has shown, contrary to the facts of the case.
And what is it that lie proposes to do with this
court as a punishment for ali these things? He
says:
" Sir, the Supreme Court of the United States attempts
to command the people of the United States to accept the
principles that one man can own other men, and that they
must guaranty the inviolability of that false and pcrnicious
property. The people of the United States never can, and
