mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
II
adheres to, and feels himself honorably bound
by, the action of the Democratic caucus, and that
he supports the nominee of that caucus.
Mr. KEITT. Oh, I suppose so. I am only
arguing against the suggestions of the gentleman
from Virginia. I have no doubt the Democratic
party will stick to their nominee. Those who
know as well as I do what good disciplinarians
they are, will have no doubt about that. I do
not belong to that party myself. I am a sort of
outsider. I did not go into the caucus. Iamnot
bound by its decision. I shall vote for its nom-
inee because he suits me: if he had not done so,
I should have voted against him. I am arguing
now only against the proposition of the gentle-
man from Virginia for a postponement of the elec-
tion. I say that if there is any necessity at all
for a postponement upon the ground which has
been stated by him, then we should at once get
rid of the present Printer, and elect some one to
fill his place ad interim. Why cot then aecept
the proposition of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman]—go on now and elect
a Printer ad interim, and then raise a committee
of investigation afterwards. I believe, sir, I will
move the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will let me say a word or two. I am very
glad of the remark made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Smith,] because it shows that
I have no connection with Mr. Wendell.
Mr. KEITT. Oh, I did not charge that you
had any.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It shows that I had
no purpose to subserve his interests. Now I shall
be perfectly satisfied if gentlemen will agree to
electa Printer pro tempore, and not for the Con-
gress. I do not care who he may be. But my
object is to prevent an election for the entire Con-
gress, giving vested rights, and placing any re-
form beyond the power of the House. Can any
gentleman who reallydesires the good of the coun-
try, and sound, healthy reform in the public ex-
penditures, object to that? Can the gentleman
from South Carolina object to it?
I have already read a section from the act cre-
ating' the existing establishment, to show that
Congress itself has guarded the rights that may
vest in this, officer at his election, and provided
that they shall not be taken away from him. I
say again, that I have no personal interest in the
world in this matter. Gentlemen can see, from
the statement made by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Smith,] that I am in connection with
nobody. I aid not even consult a colleague or
brother member upon this question. It is my
own movement, and, thank God! I am very much
in the habit of acting just as I please.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I desire to say a
word, because I am very anxious that we shall
not get into a wrangle at this time in reference to
the organization of the House. I am satisfied
that it will do harm and no good. I think that
all these imputations of corruption that go out in
every direction against both sides are only bring-
ing discredit upon Congress, are doing no good
to the country,and are stopping up and clogging
the business of the House. As a friend of Mr.
Wendell, I state that he stands by the action of
the caucus, and will not inquire into the means
by which the nomination was obtained. I do not
know Mr. Steadman. I was very much mortified
at Mr. Wendell's defeat. But the best way, in my
judgment, is to go on and elect a Printer. Let us
have no distraction in the House as we had two
years ago. And then, if an investigation is needed,
let a committee be raised; and, as a friend of Mr.
Wendell, I say that he bids defiance to all who
charge him with corruption. 1 am for Mr. Stead-
man, and I am in favor of going on with the elec-
tion of a Public Printer now, and having no wran-
gle here, which can have the effect only to bring
discredit upon the House of Representatives.
Mr. KEITT, I will now yield the floor to the
gentleman from Akbama, [Mr. Houston,] to
enable him to modify his resolution.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
The Committee on the part of the House, ap-
pointed yesterday to wait upon the President of
the United States and inform him of the assem-
bling and organization of Congress, and that the
House was prepared to receive any communica-
tion he desired to make, appeared at the bar; when.
Mr. FLORENCE, the chairman of the com-
mittee, reported that the committee had performed
the duty assigned to them, and that the President
had replied that he would immediately communi-
cate to the House a message in writing.
ELECTION OP PUBLIC PRINTER—AGAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to modify my
motion, and put it in the form of a resolution;
not that I believe in the correctness of the con-
clusions of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith,] for I do not. I have no doubt we have
the power at any time to reduce or in any way
change the rates of pay or any other part of the
law regulating that subject, but I do not wish to
argue the question with him at this time, because
I do not want to consume the time of the House
in useless debate; nor do I want to see those with
whom I act seem to be placed in opposition to
ample and proper reforms in the public printing.
I am willing that the matter shall be investigated.
If abuses exist, let them be exposed, and let the
law be so modified as to secure the public inter-
ests, and to secure, as far as we can, the fidelity
and good conduct of the officer we may elect. I
donot desire to comment at all upon the very ex-
traordinary zeal of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Smith.] New lights seem to have broken in
upon the vision of my distinguished friend, who,
notwithstanding he has been for many years a
member of the House of Representatives, has until
now remained perfectly quiet, and even silent, I
upon the subject of the enormous profits of the J
Public Printer. I will pass that by for the pres- |
ent. I propose to modify my resolution, so as I
to put it in a shape to which there can, I think, 1
be no objection, and I will accept, as an addition
to it, the first part of the resolution offered by j
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. Houston's resolutions, as modified, are !
as follows: j
Resolved, That the House now proceed to the election of
a Punter for the House of Representatives during the Thir- !
ty-Fitth Congress*, with the proviso that the House retains !
the right in Congress to modify the existing law on the sub- !
ject of public printing, as Jt may see pioper, the Printer |
who may be elected under this resolution receiving said ap- !
pointmcnt or election with arid upon the condition above j
bet forth. I
Resolved, That a committee be appointed by the Speaker !
to examine into the laws in relation to the printing tor the
House of Representative?, the puces paid therefor, and the
duties of the Public Printer, whose duty it shall be to report
thereon, with the least practicable delay, together with such
change or impiovement therein aS they may deem advis-
able.
Mr. KEITT. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am willing to
withdraw the last resolution; but I take this occa-
sion, while I am on the floor 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
gentleman from South Carolina has moved the
previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. It is, that this last resolution
which was offered as an amendment, is not in
order, as it proposes a modification on the part
of the House which would dispense with the law
of the land.
Mr. HOUSTON, That is a matter of construc-
tion for the House, and not for the Speaker.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I wish to
discuss the question of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suggest that debate can-
not exist on the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very well aware
of that. The gentleman from Kentucky cannot
discuss ihe question of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I can draw
attention, I suppose, to the question of order, so
as to make it understood.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can state his
point of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman will indulge me so far as not to call the
previous question, and let me state my question
of order, that the House may understand U. I
do not raise it from captious motives, or from any
other desire than that the House may not do what
in my opinion would be a vain act.
Mr. KEITT withdrew the call for the previous
question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina having withdrawn
the call for the previous question, I wish to call
the attention of the House 
Mr. GROW. I object to the gentleman with-
drawing it with the condition that he shall have
the floor again. I object to gentlemen farmin"-
out the floor. ™
The SPEAKER. Before the gentleman from
Kentucky proceeds, the Chair desires to under-
stand whether the previous question has been,
withdrawn ?
Mr. KEITT. It is withdrawn for the time
being; but I hold the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It is a
matter of construction whether the gentleman
holds the floor or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would notify the
gentleman from South Carolina that he cannot
hold the floor, objection being made to it, if he
withdraws the previous question.
Mr. KEITT, (to Mr. Marshall.) Will you
renew it ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The eighth
section of the law as it stands is this:
" There Khali be elected a Public Printer for each House
of Congress, to do the public printing for the Congress for
which lie or they may be chosen."
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The annual message, in writing, of the Presi-
dent of the United States, was here received by
the bands of his Private Secretary.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the message will
be read at once by consent of the House.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask whether, if the
message be read now, it will be open to discus-
sion while this question stands pending?
The SPEAKER. When the question arises
the Chair will decide it.
Mr. GROW. Then I will object to the read-
ing of the message. I desire to state my point.
Here is a question pending before the House.
Now, if the message come in and be read by
unanimous consent 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. GROW. I want to state my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. There is no point of order
before the House, except that of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. GROW. I make a point of order on the
reading of the message.
The SPEAKER. There can be no point of
order raised, inasmuch as the House is already
entertaining one point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. The message can only
be read by unanimous consent. If objection be
made, it cannot be read.
Mr. GROW. I would state my objection to
be because the message cannot be open to be acted
upon till this other question is disposed of. If
there be unanimous consent that it should be,
then I make no objection. I do not object to
having it read if it be left open for debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to object to the
message being read.
Mr. GROW. The Chair does not understand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I made no
objection to the reading, if it be read by unani-
mous consent, and left open for action.
The SPEAKER. But if not, you do object.
Mr. GROW. Yes.
The SPEAKER. Exactly. That is what the
; Chair understood.
I Several Members. There is no objection
i made.
I The SPEAKER. Very well. The Clerk will
' report the message.
| The message was then read. It will be found
! in the Appendix.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
| message be referred to the Com mil tee of the Whole
I on the state of the Union, and be printed; and on
! that I ask the previous question.
1 Mr. BANKS. I wish the gentleman fromTert-
J nessee to so far modify his motion as to provide
that one copy of the message and reports of the
■ Secretaries be printed for each member of the
, House, so that we shall have them in two or three
i days, at furthest. -
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We could not have
them so early, I suppose.
Mr. BANKS. 1 mean onlycopiesof themes-
sage and of the reports of the heads of the De-
partments. We could have them in two or three
days. Otherwise we may have to wait for eight
