1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they never vvilJ, accept principles so unconstitutional and so
abhorrent. Never, never. Let the court recede. Whether
it recede or not, we shall reorganize the court, and thus
reform its political sentiments and practices, and bring them
'into harmony with the Constitution and with the laws of
nature. In doing so, we shall not only reassume our own
just authority, but we shall restore that high tribunal itself
to the position it ought to maintain, since so many invalu-
able lights of citizens, and even of States themselves, de-
pend upon its impartiality and its wisdom."
That is to say, the court is to be so reorganized
as that it shall deny the right of property in slaves;
it shall bo so reorganized as to put the- institutions
of nearly one half the States of this Confederacy
beyond the pale of the Constitution; it is to be so
reorganized as to reform its " political sentiments
and practices," and to conform to what he calls
the Constitution and the laws of nature. Mr.
President, I think the Senator has endeavored
to teach us befoie that our Government ought to
administer a higher law than the Constitution
itself; a law which resides in the breast of the
Governor, and which is to be interpreted by him-
self. Now, sir, he invites us to destroy the judi-
ciary system, and to reorganize it upon principles
which are directly inimical, not only to the Con-
stitution , but to the peace and the harmony of the
Union. But that is not all. He tells us, for the
future we are to have a perpetual internecine war.
He says, speaking of free labor:
" It wjll henceforth meet you boldly and resolutely here;
it will meet you everywhere, in the Territories or out of
tliem, wherever you may go to extend slavery. Tthasdriven
you back m California and in Kansas; it will invade you
toon m Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Missouri, and Texas.
It will meet you 111 Arizona, in Central America, and even
hi Cuba. The invasion will be not merely haimless, but
li-nefieent, if you yield seasonably to its just and inoder-
iiti'd demands." * * ° * «The interest of
tin; white races demands the ultimate emancipation of all
nit'ii. Whether that consummation shall be allowed to take
p fleet, with needful and wise piecaulions agamst sudden
rlmnge and disaster, or be hurried 011 by violence, is all that
remains for you to decide."
Thus, sir, it seems that we are to have perpetual
war—an internecine strife, which is to last until
slavery is abolished everywhere; a war which, if
it be not perpetual, must, as every man sees, last
at least for centuries. Such are the vaticinations
of Ins prophetic inspirations; such is the prospect
which he holds out for our future—a govern-
ment,as I said, to be guided by a law higher than
the Constitution which itabandons; a court to be
reorganized, I suppose, to minister to the passions
and the feedings of the mob, and a state of things
which is to entail upon us a perpetual civil strife
here at home.
Mr. President, is this what that gentleman calls
progress? Is this the future which he predicts ;
for us' The great Italian poet, when he punishes
the prophets in his hell, turns their faces behind
instead of before, and compels them to walk back-
ward for the residue of time. Itseems to me that
oar prophet must have received the sentence be-
foie his time. The Oceanas and the Utopias,
which figure in political fiction, were organized
for peace; but this Senator condemns his imagin-
ni y Republic to eternal war.
But with you/ permission, Mr. President, I will
follow his history a little further. He tells us that
" all other nations have already abolished, or are
about abolishing, slavery." This is to reconcile
us to that catastrophe which, with so little emo-
tion, he predicts for us. This, too, is said in the
face of the fact that the French Government has
really revived the African slave trade itself. Such,
at least, is the opinion of the English people and
the English Government. If you compare their
present mode of supplying their colonies with
Afiican labor with that older one which was called
the slave trade, I think it will be found that the
comparison will be in favor of what is denom-
inated slavery, for that does at least afford the
slave the protection of interest which is given to
linn by the master who owns him.
This, too, is said in the face of the fact that the
British Government, ever since its emancipation
of.slavery by name, has, under its systemof ap-
prenticeship and of Cooly labor, been subjecting
the inferior to the superior race, so as to enable
the latter to command a servitude scarcely more
voluntary than the older form, and probably not
as advantageous to the laborer himself. But, sir,
John Bull has seen a vision lately which may
well cause him to pause in his path, and to ponder
over his prospects for the future. He has seen
the mighty shades of Akbar and of Aurengzebe
coming like Hecuba," from the gates of darkness
and the recesses of the dead," to haunt the marble
halls of the palaces of the Great Mogul, for the
purpose of rekindling, if possible, some latent
spark of manhood in the hearts of their degenerate
successors; and to challenge the stranger for the
cause of his presence in what were once the high
seats of Oriental power. He feels that it was an
avenging Nemesis which, on the hundredth anni-
versary of the battle of Plassy, that gave him
India, proclaimed that saturnalia of blood and of
crime which spared neither the strength of man,
nor the purity of woman, nor the innocence of
childhood. He now knows that in the settlement
of nations, they may reckon in a day for the accu-
mulated wrongs of a century. He feels that these
doctrines of the abstract equality of all men, what-
ever maybe their condition or color, are absolutely
incompatible with that subordination of the inferior
to the superior race, upon which depend his power
and his empire. He must see how useless was the
sacrifice of the West India colonies, amongst the
noblest jewels of the British Crown. He must
feel, too, that the course of sentimental legislation,
in which he has been engaged of late, is fast sap-
ping the foundation of the fabric of power which
he raised in the lusty strengh of his manhood. He
may be too proud to own his error; but depend
upon it he will apply the proper remedy. He will
resume his empire in India, but it will be on the
imperial maxim, parcere subjeclis, et debellare sw-
perbos. He will crush out the last spark of resist-
ance under the armed heel of the conqueror; and
when more thart a hundred millions of people are
placed under his absolute rule and control, when
they will hold their lives, their property, and all
that is dear and sacred in the rights of man under ,
his arbitrary will, he will hardly have the face to j
stand before the world again to preach against j
African slavery.
Sir, of the two, I prefer to see him as he used !
to be, surly, domineering, if you will, but truth- j
ful, honest, and brave, rather than in that more !
modern part of philanthropic professions and pu- \
ritanic pretenses which he enacts so poorly. I
know that his buffets are hard to stand; but if I
am to have hisopposition, let me meet him rather j
in open and manly encounter than receive him i
as the priest who wears the gown and the robes I
merely to conceal the coat of mail that lies within, j
But he will have to strip him of his robes; the |
Philistines are upon him, and the day is coming, i
I fear, which will try his strength to the utmost.
Although we of the South have mueh to complain !
of at his hands, yet, sir, I wish him well through i
with that day; for 1 cannot but feel that with htm i
would fall the last hope of regulated liberty in the 1
, Old "World.
I Nor, Mr. President, do I read the signs of the
i times in regard to sentiment at home, as they are
i read by the Senator from New York. I believe
! that even here, a reaction is going on. It is said
i that our population, by a natural law, is to grav-
| itate to the equator. It is believed that a manifest
■ destiny will draw our people to the tropics, those
; evergreen regions of a " npver wintering sun."
I will not say how well-founded is this predic-
tion, m my opinion; but I will say, that if we
play for these prizes of empire, it can only be upon
| the condition of preserving the proper subordi-
' nation of the inferior to the superior races, when
they are thrown together on the same soil_to strug-
gle for a subsistence. Unless that condition is ob-
served, such acquisitions would prove to be noth-
ing but a continual curse and a perpetual plague.
If made, it will be found that this institution of
slavery, so far from being a cause of dissension,
and of difference, will prove a common bond of
union and strength, because it will be by such
means that each white man, no matter what the
i section in which he may live, will enjoy the larg-
I est share of power, of influence, and ot wealth,
j The Senator from New Yoik says the white
I man will have this continent. I say so too; and
' when he does possess it, he will take it, not as
the Senator from New York would place him, as
the equal of the Indian and the negro;_but he will
hold it as the master, and by right ot dominion.
There are some regions of the world which he can
only hold in such a way. As yet I do not know
whether the SenatorfromNew Ym-k,m his scheme
of society, contemplated the continual existence of
these inferior races. 1 do not know whether he
designs for them a fate which he did not care to
describe, because it is to be one of utter and en-
tire extermination; or may be tbalbe did notcop-
sider himself as their keeper, or choose tQ be S9
considered, when he •vyas thus consigning his
brethren to this wholesale destruction; but I will
tell him that they hold to existence by a tenures
as firm in certain regions of this world as that by
which the white man holds his in other portto'ns
of the globe. There are certain parts of the worltj
which are peculiarly adapted to each of these
races; and I do not know that it is in the decree?
of Providence to consign any of them to utter ex-
tinction. If it be true, as 1 believe it to ()e tru,e,
that there are certain regions in which the labor
of the inferior races is the only labor that can de-
velop their resources, it follows as a conscqu&rjce
that the white man cannot enjoy those regions
unless he goes there as the master, to govern and
direct. I say then, sir, that this is the only con-
dition—that of preserving the proper subordina-
tion of the inferior to the superior races—upon
which ttie white man can rule this continent. Are
we to suppose that when the American people
shall perceive this necessity, they will be blind to
it, especially if urged by those views of ambition,
of progress, and of absorption which the Senator
from New York would seem to attribute to them ?
Mr. President, the mind of Young America is ,
perhaps, this day pondering upon things of which
neither the Senator from New York nor myself
can be said to be properly conscious. It may be
engaged in tracing out the shadows of those com-
ing events which as yet are but vaguely defined,
and in nursing aspirations for other and newer
forms of development. To give a proper direction
to this emotional excitement, and to open up just
and legitimate avenues for the movement of the
power of this pent-up energy, should be the high-
est objects of the care and the provision of Amer-
ican statesmen.
The other great nations of the earth are now
exploring the land and the sea to open up new
avenues to«power and to wealth; but to us, if the
waifs of commerce come, they must be brought
to us as flotsam and jetvem—by the impulse of the
wind and the wave. The three chief nations of
Europe are playing for the mighty stakes of for-
tune and theprizesof empire; but we are engaged
in an earnest scrutiny into the ballot-box at the
Delaware Crossing or at Sh'awneetown, or busily
employed in studying the campaigns of General
Jim Lane, whose spolia nphna consist, I believe,
i in the capture, perhaps, of women and children.
i If empires were to go to pieces, we should be in-
I capable of extending an arm to catch but a frag-
ment of the wreck that might be floating 011 the
I stream of time beside or before us.
! I In the Eastern world spoils of empire that have
;| been accumulating since the earliest recoids of
ii time, begin now to attract the regards and the cu-
jl pidity of the great Powers of Europe. Their fleets
ij are already coasting along that slender barrier
II which separates them from the mighty prize, but
'! which they are deterred from grasping more from
!! the fear of each other than from the dread of any
;[ opposition which they are to encounter there.
11 The eagles have indeed gathered to the banquet.
ii But one alone is absent from the feast, and she is
!: the youngest mother of them all. She is at home,
guarding her nest, because she is afraid that if
1 she leaves them her young will not dwell together
: in peace. Sir, such a state of things cannot long
endure. The instincts of power and of empire
must of themselves preventit. This Kansasques-
tion has been reduced to proportions quite too
small further to impede our progress, or to man-
acle our march. If the Senator from New York
. will allow me to use his tripod for a moment, and
! to venture a prediction for the future, I would say
|j that the American people will preserve theirCon-
jt stitution, and the Union which is founded upon
j it; they will maintain their courts; they will con-
;i tinue to cherish respect for the judicial ermine and
; i for the majesty of the law; ana they will cultivate
jj hereafter, as I trust, aspirit of peace and of friend -
!I ship at home. For one, I hope for the day when,
i| in the beautiful language of Mr. Jefferson," we
i| may unite with one heart and with one mind to
ii restore to social intercourse that harmony and
' | attention without which liberty, and even life
!l itself, are but dreary things." Yes, sir, I will
j venture still to hope—
: | " For I have seen
i The thorn fiown rudely all the winter i,oy£,
:! And after boai the rose upon its top.'5
