109®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
Bat, sir, if the American people would secure ;
these blessings, they must cast far from them the j
counsels of the Senator from New York; they
must be ware of the asp which lies concealed under
those flowers of rhetoric with which he sought so
carefully to cover it. One drop of that venom
may eorrupt the blood which has flown through
royal veins for centuries, and distemper the brain,
on whose proper balance the power and the peace
of an empire may depend.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President 
Mr. COLLAMER. The usual time of adjourn-
ment has arrived.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Maryland
prefers to go on.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have but little tosay, Mr.
President, and that I should prefer saying upon
some other occasion, after the very eloquent and
the very able remaiks made by the distinguished
Senator from Virginia. The time, however, has
come for me, occupying the peculiar position that
I do here, todefine thegroundthat I mean totake
in the controversy now before the country. I do
not intend, in any manner whatever, to go into
an elaborate discussion of the questions connected
with the principles of the ICansas-Nebraska bill,
or to examine whether the doctrine of popular
sovereignty has been fully maintained or not. I
stand here representing a party almost without a
voice in this Congress. 1 am here to give utter-
ance to sentiments and principles upon which
1 believe the permanency and durability of this
Government depend. I am not a paity in any
manner to the contest which is waged here as to
the meaning of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. I be-
have, if I believe anything in the world, that it is
simply a construction of a party principle with
which I have not had anything to do.
Mr. President, I have repudiated, and at the
very outset let that be understood, the whole prin-
ciple of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. 1 have op-
posed it, because it repealed the Missouri com-
promise line. I have opposed it, because in the
repeal of that line it worked injustice to the south-
em States of,this Union. I have opposed it as
a Union man—not as a "Union-saver," as an
honorable Senator said this morning—but because
I believe this Union can only be maintained and
greserved by a just regard to the rights of all the
tatcs, and by observing the rights of that minor-
ity now to be found in the southern States. There-
fore, I do not mean to be held responsible in any
manner for any results that may have ensued from
the disturbance of that compromise. If my own
views had been carried out, I should have pre-
fei red to see the country rest on the Missouri com-
promise line. It had served its purpose for more
than thirty years. It had been a measure of peace
throughout this country. And when, either for
sectional or selfish purposes on one side or the
other—I speak with all deference to the motives
and the action of gentlemen here—that line was
disturbed, and the bone of contention dug up and
thrown recklessly before the American people,
without regard to the sectional strife it would en-
gender, I, for one, deprecatcd that movement,
because it broughtinto unequal contest, upon the
principle of popular sovereignty, or upon the faith
of the people, a contest between six or seven mil-
lions of whites on one side, and twenty millions
on the other.
That was the reason why I opposed the repeal
of the Missouri compromise line; that was the
ground on which I opposed the principle of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill; and I am sorry to be com-
pelled to say, perhaps in violence to the sentiment
or to the feelings of other gentlemen on this floor,
that the principle in that bill contained is nothing
more nor less, as it has been carried out, than
squatter sovereignty and alien suffrage. If both
measures should become in the ascendent in this
country, they must subvert every principle on
which this Government was formed and based.
Jn the position that I assume, I do not conceive
that I am called upon to investigate allegations
of fraud, or to go further into the merits of this
question than simply to ask myself whether this
constitution is here by the authority of law, and
whether it is republican in its form. After the
very elaborate and the very able argument of the
distinguished Senator from Virginia, I can add
little to the views he has presented on tho.se points.
I am happy to have an opportunity to say now
that though I have differed with the Democratic
party of this country, and though I am in no man-
ner under obligations to that party for any favors
whatever, yet the present Administration has pre-
sented a measure to me that so accords entirely
with my own view in the settlement of this ques-
tion, that as an American Senator, having a just
regard to my duty and to the obligations of the
oath I have taken, I cannot for an instant hesitate
as to the course 1 shall adopt.
If I had been bound by any of the principles
contained in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, or by any
of the obligations of faith promulgated by the
Cincinnati platform, perhaps my action on this
question might be different; but repudiating that
whole bill, because it disturbed the great principle
of equality between the northern and southern
States; becausc it disturbed the equilibrium that
had been preserved for thirty years; and because
it gave to a reckless majority the power to crush
out the rights of the South, 1 find myself here
to-day pleading for that principle of equality, and
maintaining it in accordance with the oath I have
taken to support the Constitution of the United
States.
It is said that every resident inhabitant of Kan-
sas has not exercised the right to vote in accord-
ance with the principles proclaimed by the distin-
guished Senatorfrom Illinois. Whether they have
or not is not a question of the slightest import-
ance to me. I do not recognize the right; I do not
admit that principle as being a prerequisite to the
admission of any State whose application is pre-
sented to us for our consideration. I do not be-
lieve that the principle of popular sovereignty can
be properly applied to a Territory. I believe that
true popular sovereignty begins with the organ-
ized government of a State. I do not think pop-
ular sovereignty can be carried outand maintained
in a Territory when the representatives on this
floor of thirty-two States have the right to pre-
scribe the terms upon which that popular sover-
eignty shall be enforced or exercised. I believe
that so long as a territorial government exists, and
so long as the people of Maine or Georgia, th rough
their representatives, have a right to interfere with
it, the people of the Teiritoiy cannot exercise
popular sovereignty m the strict meaning of the
term. To me it is a paradox to suppose that the
people of a Territory, coming from every section
of the globe, influenced and controlled by the ac-
tion of this body and the other House, relying
upon Congress for enabling acts for a dispensa-
tion of power on their part, can exercise popular
sovereignty according to what I have been taught
to believe true popular sovereignty to be.
Mr. President, this so-called popular sover-
eignty in the Tenitories is nothing in the world
but squatter sovereignty. It is the exercise of the
power of a mob who may choose to get together
upon factious or other grounds, and who may, by
possibility, fall into a form of government which
might be in conformity with the recognized laws
of the land, or might be otherwise. That is not,
in my comprehension, true popular sovereignty.
Being called upon to vote on the question now at
issue, I am free to declare that I am not the ad-
vocate of the right of every resident inhabitant
of a Territory to vote on the constitution to be
presented to Congress for its adoption. I do not
feel myself bound to consider that point. I belong
to a party which, small as it may be regarded by
gentlemen on this floor, and, in the language of
the distinguished Senatorfrom New York, [Mr.
Seward,] " ephemeral," gave in the last presi-
dential contest nearly a million of votes against
this doctrine. That party holds sentiments and
principles which I will compare with his own. On
this point I will, however, allude to the Senator's
remarks hereafter.
But there is one other consideration that is
weighing heavily upon me. It is the conscientious
desire to discharge my duty here as an American
Senator, uninfluenced by the future, perhaps for
myself having no political future. God knows I
aspire to none. Ay, and elevated as this position
is, I did not seek the place I now hold; and while
I stand here to-day, taken upon trust by the peo-
ple of my own State; while I am here to represent
the principles, as [ conscientiously believe, of my
own people, I mean to discharge that duty in ac-
cordance with the principles of honor and my
own conception of right under the Constitution
of this country.
I have nothing to look forward to politicallyr
perhaps. It has been my misfortune to have
always been in the minority in this country. I
was a member, an humble member, of the old .
Whig party, which received Us death blow at the
hands of the distinguished Senator from New
York, in 1852. When the old Whig party wa3
disorganized and broken up, and when the great
and conservative principles of that party were lost
and gone, I had to seek some plank to save my-
self from the wreck. In doing so, I put myself
upon the Constitution of the country, and not
above it. In standing with the party that I am
now representing here, in the small minority that
it is, I conscientiously believe that its principles
are so deeply ingrafted in the American heart that,
however much trodden upon, misrepresented, and
perverted, as they have been, when they are righ tly
understood they will come to be regarded as the
principles of the early fathers of this Govern-
ment.
Sir, I am proud to have an opportunity to stand
here in the face of the world, upon the floor of the
American Senate, and tosay that I am not ashamed
to proclaim that an American nationality must bo
preserved; that American interests must be pro-
moted; that the decisions of the Supreme Court
must be maintained; that alien suffrage and squat-
tersovereignty must be repudiated; that the rights
of conscience must be respected. I am not here
to vindicate myself from the mere paltry charges
that may be made in misrepresentation of what
have been vulgarly denominated Know Nothings
in this country. The first and highest and the
holiest principle to me is the maintenance of the
Constitution of this country, the enforcement of
its guarantees, the preservation of the rights of
the States under the Constitution, without which
you can have no Government, you can have no
law.
These, Mr. President, are some of the leading
measures of that contemned and despised party
that I have the honor to represent. Is there a
principle here, let me ask, that is not in conform-
ity with our great charter of law and of liberty ?
Is there one thing I have uttered that is not taught
by that paper? The distinguished Senator from
New York the other day paid his respects to my
party by alluding to it as an " ephemeral organ-
ization, based upon frivolous and foteign ideas."
It is not so ephemeral as he imagines. I should
be happy if I could say that the principles of the
gentleman's party were only frivolous. They
might possibly be characterized by a harsher term.
The principles which I have the honor to advo-
cate here to-day are to be found m the Constitu-
tion of the United States, not outsiOe of it, not
above it. I say this with emphasis, but with all
respect to the distinguished gentleman, and for
this reason: I cannot, in the decision of the pres-
ent question,hold the slightest political affiliation
with the tenets or doctrines of that .Senator.
While I have all the feeling that I am uttering
now for southern interests, and for the South,
born, reared, and educated, as I have been, in the
South, yet let me say that no Senator on this floor
has a heart more expanded and more thoroughly
in consonance with ail the principles of the Union
than I have. No man will stand here longer than
I will vindicating the Union. The principles of
the party to which 1 belong are based on one great
idea—the preservation of this Union, by preserv-
ing the rights of the States in the Union. All other
questions that came into its party platform were
collateral questions, connected intimately and di-
rectly with, and pointing to, this one particular
purpose and object. I might go further, and say
more perhaps than would be justifiable upon the
floor of the Senate of the United States, in vindi-
cation of a party, the members of which, whom I
find in this body, I am happy to say, however few
they may be, are gentlemen who command the
respect of those who are associated with them
hero, and of the country.
But, Mr. President, to come back to the bill
before us, this question is presented to me in an
isolated form. I have to vote with the one party
or the other on this floor. I am brought to the
naked proposition whether 1 will vote to adni't
the State of Kansas with a constitution made
under the authority of law, and professedly re-
publican in form. These are the only points that
][ regard of vital importance in the consideration
of the question. I have heard from no quarter
any suggestion of a doubt that the Lecomp+on
