2122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
Whether James Douglass, to whom this claim
is due, is a man of wealth or not, was wholly
unknown to the committee; nor should we have
spent a thought upon it if we had known it. This
claim was brought to the special attention of the
committee, notby Mr. Douglass—with whom we
are wholly unacquainted, and of whom the most
of us never heard until the last few days—nor by
the British Minister, but by the Delegate from the
Territory of Washington himself. I inquired of
him, when he first called my attention to it, and
before I had looked into its merits, whether it
•was a claim which should be separated from the
residue of the claims-reported by the board?
I particularly interrogated him whether we
should make it the subject of a special report, or
postpone it until we reported upon'the entire
award. His reply was that this debt rested upon
merits of a peculiar character; that it deserved
the immediate attention of the committee. He
then represented to me the character and history
of the claim, the destitution of the people of that
Territory, and the necessity of obtaining clothing
and blankets at that inclement season, which he
has described with such graphic force and elo-
quence; he stated that he, as Governor of Wash-
ington Territory, applied to the Hudson's Bay
Company for clothing and blankets for the volun-
teers, to the amount of $7,000; but that tho^r would
not consent to furnish him with the supply needed
until this man, James Douglass, Governorof that
island, and a stranger to us, stepped in and guar-
antied the payment of the debt, which, it seems,
he has since been compelled to pay to the Hud-
son's Bay Company. We thus had the undisputed
fact before us, that a stranger, and a British sub-
ject, at an opportune moment, stepped in for the
relief of our destitute volunteer a, and furnished
them the means, at a most inclement season of
the year, of clothing, which they could not other-
wise procure. Could we hesitate, upon such a rep-
resentation of tlm facts, and upon the subject be-
ing brought to our attention by the Delegate of
that Territory, to report the bill,although we weie
not yet prepared to act upon the numerous and
somewhat complicated questions that arise in the
claim of the volunteers for relifif? 1 think not, sir.
Upon this state of facts, then made out clearly
to our satisfaction, we did not hesitate to report
the bill for his relief. It was a claim about which
there could be no controversy. Its justice was
umversallyconceded. We have notasyethad dme
to examine into the great mass of these chums
which have been referred to us, and to which the
Delegates from Oregon and Washington have al-
luded, but design to ^ive them a fair and impar-
tial investigation at the earliest moment. I have
not, so far, expressed any opinion myself in regard
to the validity of these claims against the Govern-
ment, except that which incidentally fell from me
in the discussion on the Army bill, in which 1
expressed the opinion that the report of the board
might be regarded as an award made under the
authority and with the full sanction of the Gov-
ernment, and binding upon it, I incline to that'
opinion still; yet this is a point which 1 shall re-
serve for a more full examination of the cases,
when taken up in the committee.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
LAND DISTRICTS FOR WASHINGTON.
The next billon the Calendar was a bill (H.
R. No. 177) to divide the Territory of Washing-
ton into four land districts.
The bill was read through.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands
have reported an amendment to that bill, which
is in the usual terms of such bills, and cuts down
the number of additional land districts from four
to two.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to add the
following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to authotize the appointment of any *uch register or
receiver until the lands have been surveyed, and are ready
* for sale.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and then the amendment, as amended, was
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be laid aside to be reported to the House
with the recommendation that it do not pass.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburxe's
motion, and it was agreed to; and the bill was then
laid aside to be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is one thing
I would like to know, and that is how this com-
mittee can report to the House to disagree to a
bill with an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair obeys the or-
ders of the committee; and if they are not con-
sistent, the-fault is with them, and not with him.
TERRITORY OF NEVADA.
The Clerk next read the title of a bill (H. R.
No. 567) to organize the Territory of Nevada.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Itistime now that
we should rise. We certainly do not want any
more Territories at this time.
The CHAIRMAN. There is one bill before
that which the Clerk has omitted by mistake—a
bill (H. R. No. 417) for the relief of Charles H.
Mason.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I insist on my mo-
tion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to
The bill was read. It proposes to pay the
claimant the difference between his salary as Sec-
retary of the Territory and that of Governor,
during the time he acted in the latter capacity.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. English reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Uniomgenerally
under consideration, and particularly business
appertaining to the Territories, and had directed
him to report baek several House bills, with spe-
cific recommendations as to each.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the bills, in mass,
be recommitted to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. FAULKNER. I demand the previous
question on ihem.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. As a large portion
of the time of the House this morning was taken
up on business not pertaining to the Territories,
I propose that another day be set apart for%tcrri-
torial business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, say two hours
to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any
time at all.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The prop-
osition being to recommit, will not that bring up
this business to-morrow morning?
The SPFwlKER. It will.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five o'clock, j). m.) the House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 14, 1858.
Prayer byltev. Littleton F. Morgan'.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, the reports of the officers sent to Europe in
1855, to collect information in relation to military
affairs, so far as they have not been communicated
to the Senate; which, on motion of Mr. Davis,
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate, calling for information as to the
establishment of a naval depot at Blythe Island,
Georgia; which, on motion of Mr. Iverson, was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Commissioner of Patents, communicating, agree-
ably to law, that portion of his annual report which
relates to agriculture; which, on motion of Mr.
Johnson, of Arkansas, was ordered to lie on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has re-
ceived a communication from the President of the
United States, in answer to a resolution adopted
a few days ago. It is marked upon the envelope
"Executive," but it is in answer to a legislative
resolution, and it does not appear to be of an ex-
ecutive character. The Chair will lay it before
the Senate.
The communication was read, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
I transmit to the Senate a repoit dated 13th instant, with
the accompanying papers, received fiotn the Sjcreuiv of
State, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the «>th in-
stant, lequestwg information in icgaid to measure* which
may have been adopted for the protection of American eom-
meice in the ports of Mexico.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, May 13,1858.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That report is made in an-
swerto a resolution which I offered the other day.
I have looked over it. I move that it lie on the
table, and be printed. I think it will hardly be ne-
cessary to refer it to the Committee on Printing.
It is but a very few pages, and 1 do not suppose
there will be more than fifteen or twenty pages in
printof the report. I ask,byunanimous consent,
that it be ordered to be printed without reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order may be
made by unanimous consent. The Chair hears
no objection. The communication will lie on the
table, and be printed.-.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition of Virginia
Waldron, widow of the late Captain and Brevet
Major Nathaniel S. Waldron, of the United States
marine corps, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of John A.
Smith, clerk of the circuit court of the District of
Columbia, and clerk of the criminal court for the
county of Washington, praying for the passage
of an act for settling his accounts so that he may
be charged only with the fees which he has re-
ceived, or might, by due diligence, have received;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju- '
diciary.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of Charles
Wilkes, praying for compensation for damages
to his property on North Capitol street, in the
city of Washington, by the alteration of the grade
of that street; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition ofB. F. Rit-
tenhouse, a clerk in the office of the Register of
theTreasury, praying for compensation for extra
services; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. KING presented a petition of Peter Cooper
and other citizens of New York, praying that the
public lands may be laid out in farms or lots of
limited size, for the free and exclusive use of
actual settlcis; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a petition of Mrs.
AnaM. Roblas y Robaldo, widow of F. Robaldo,
asking to be paid for certain property destroyed
by American troops in Mexico, by order of iheir
commanding officer, in the late war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordctcil, That J. Rutherford Worster have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
SEARCHING AMERICAN VESSELS.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the President of the Tinted States be re-
quested, as fat as i& compatible with the public mteie&t, to
communicate to the Senate any infotmation which may
have been loceived concerning the recent search or seizuie
of Arneucan vessels by ioreign armed causers in the Gulf of
Mexico, or the adjacent sea-* $ and aI:->o what measures, if
any, have been taken in relation thereto.
POST OFFICE AGENT.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety and
justice of an increase of the compensation of the special
acent of the Post Office Department at large for the distnct
of New Yoik and the New England States.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill in relation to courts, and the holding
of the terms thereof, in the several Territories of
