1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2128
the United States, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. KING, from the Committee 011 Pensions,
to whom was referred a petition of Rachel Posey,
widow of Micajah Posey, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referied documents in support of the claim of
Francis Hutinack to a pension, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from th} Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
258) concerning seamen, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Ann L. Ro-
gers, wife and assignee of John A. Rogers, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
340) for the relief of Ann L. R.ogeis. The bill j
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
106) for the relief of Ehjah F. Smith, Giiman A.
Perkins, and Charles F. Smith, reported it with
an amendment. He also submitted a report on
the subject, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD. With the leave of the Senator
who reports it, 1 ask for the present considera-
tion of that bill.
Mr. IVERSON. I object to that.
Mr. SEWARD. It will take no time.
Mr. IVERSON. I know that it is the universal
promise that a bnl will take no time, and therefore
the Senate has waived the special order. I hope
that no bill will be taken up out of order to-day,
but that we shall go on with the Pnvate Calendar
regulai ly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Being objected to,
the bill cannot be considered to-day.
COMMITTEE VACANCIES."
The VICE PRESIDENTappoinfed Mr. Thom-
son-, of New Jersey, to fill the vacancy in the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office; Mr.
Fitzpatrick to fill the vacancy in the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate; Mr. Clixgman to fill the vacancy in
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, occa-
sioned by the decease of Hon. Josiah J. Evans;
and Mr Shields, as a member of the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, during the absence of
Hon. M. W. Dates.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen'j their Clei k, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 245) to authoiize the settlement of
the accounts of Luther Jewett, late collector of the
district of Portland and Falmouth, in the State
of Maine.
A resolution (No. 2) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to audit and settle the accounts
of the contractor for the erection of the United
States marine hospital at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia.
Also, that the House of Representatives had
passed a bill (No. 426) for the relief of Monroe
D. Downes; m which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
TERMS OF MINNESOTA SENATORS.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred a resolution of the
"Legislature of Minnesota in joint convention in
favor of Henry M. Rice representing that State
in the Senate of the United Siates for the long
teim,have instructed me to report a resojution as
to the mode of proceeding in this case, and ask
for its present consideration:
Recohed, That? lie Son rite proceed to a«ceit:iin the clashes
m which the Scnatois horn the State of.Minnesota '-hall be
incited, m conformity u iill the resolution ot the 14th of
May. 1769, a.id as the Constitution icquuc-.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. Now I ask that the order ac-
companying the resolution from the committee be
read and considered.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That tho f^eretasy put into the oaliot-box two
papers of equal size, one of which shall he numbeied 1,
and the other shall be a blank. Each of the Senator? of the
Slate of Minnesota shall draw out one paper, and the Sen-
ator who shall (haw the p-tper mimbetcd J, shall be in-
setted in the cl.i&s of tfenatoi< whose teimof service will
expire on the 3d of March, J859; that the Secretary shall
then put into the ballot box two papers of equal size, one
of which shall be numbered 2, and tlie other shall be num-
bered 3. The other Benatoi «>hall draw out one paper. If
the paper drawn he numbered the Senator-hall be in-
herted in the class of Senator.-' whose term* ot seivice will
expire on the 3d day of Match, 1861; and if the paper drawn
be numbered 3, th.' Senator shall h° ms-eired u"i the class of
Senator* who-e terms of service will expne the 3d day of j
Match, 1803. |
Mr. BAYARD. I will merely state, on behalf i
of the committee, that tho request made by the j
Legislature of Minnesota—it is but a request—is j
entirely inconsistent with the settled practice of |
the Government under the resolution of the Sen- !
nte in 17S9, when the Senate was first organized. ;
The committee have seen no reason for changing
that practice. The Senate had then to determine !
how they would classify Senators, and they have j
always adhered to the practice then adopted. The !
Constitution of the United States authorizes the ,
election of Senators for six years, and provides 1
for their classification. In the first instance, m ;
organizing the Senate, they might do it in one !
of two modes—either by'lotor by arbitrary de- ;
termination. They decided that lot was tho best 1
mode to do it; and thus the term is determined on ■
the first coming in of a Senator; and that has been !
the mode of proceeding since the first origin of <
the Government. ]
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does this resolution come :
from the Committee on the Judiciary? I
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir. !
The resolution was considered by unanimous j
consent, and agreed to. j
The drawing having taken place, in conformity i
with the order of the Senate, the result was thus ,
announced: i
The VICE PRESIDENT. Mr. Shields, upon
the first drawing, drew the paper No. I. Conse-
quently, by the terms of the resolution, his name
will be inserted in the class of S^natoss whose r
term of service will expire on the 3d day of March, (
18o9. Two other papers were then put in the !
box, in accordance with the resolution of the Sen- 1
ate, and Mr. Rice drew No. 3. His name will ^
therefore be inserted in the class of Senators .
whose terms of service will expire on the 3d day
of March, 1863.
HON. HENRY M. BICE.
Mr. RICE. I ask the consent of the Senate to
permit me to introduce a resolution, notice of
winch I gave on the day before yesterday. It is
calling for a committee to investigate certain
charges urged by citizens^of Iowa through one of
the Senators from that State. I have left a blank ,
for the committee, and I would esteem it as a favor ;
if the honorable Senator from Iowa would fill that
blank, in order that his constituents may have ,
the entire benefit to be derived from the invesu- !
gation. i
The resolution was read, as follows: j
Retolrcd, Thar be a committee to investigate the
chaise3 picferrrd by certain citizon-i ot Iowa, senior- upon |
the Foit Ciuwford reserve, a-; to the conduct of [Icnuy M.
Kicc, -peciol aircnt appointed In the s •erct.nv ot W.u to
sup'1!ij)tend ih« sale ol that ie?-ei\.' T'lut^.nd committee ,
have power tn sond for peihon^ and pnpew. and to tepoit
by bill or otherwise.
Mr.GWlN. I move that the Chair fill the
blank with five Senators.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to amend the resolu-
tion so as to refer the matter to the Committee on 1
Military Affairs, with all the power given m the
resolution. I do not think it is necessary to ap-
point any special committee upon this subject. ■
So far as the facts are concerned, the official pa-
pers are on the records of the Senate, disproving,
by official evidence, the. specific, char?e made
against the Senator. I do not think it is a mat-
ter of sufficient consequence to give it the import-
ance of a special committee. The members of ,
the Military Committee, I believe, can examine 1
the question if it be referred to them; and let them
investigate it.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from '
Georgia allow me to make a suggestion 1
Mr. IVERSON. I merely wish to make a sug-
gestion myself, and then you can make yours. I
desire that the amendment of my coUrague shall
not prevail, refemng this question to the Military
Committee. I have the concurrence of the chair-
man in the objection I make; and I state to the
Senate that it Is utterly impossible that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs could give any atten-
tion to it. They have now a pile of papers on
their table which have accumulated—^—
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a sufficient reason; I
withdraw tho amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to inter-
fere with the resolution, one way or ai)other;'but
the suggestion I wished to make was that the
Senator from Iowa is not present, and perhaps it
had better he over until he comes in, as he pre-
sented the papers. I will make no motion in re-
gard to it; but it struck me, perhaps, that it would
be better to have him here.
Air. RICE. I was not aware that the Senator
from Iowa was not in his seat, and 1 therefore
ask that the resolution may lie over until he shall
be present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the resolution will lie over informally,
until the Senator from Iowa is in his seat.
ORDER OF BUSINESS—PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order, the
Private Calendar.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator suspend that
until twelve o'clock, and allow me to take up 
Mr. IVERSON. The special order is, I think,
that the very moment the morning business is
through, the Private Calendar comes up.
Mr. YULEE Is that so understood?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Twelve o'clock is
the hour for calling up the special order. On this
occasion, the first special order will be the un-
finished business of yesterday. It is at the head
of the special order:-.
Mr. YULEE. I will state why I interrupt the
Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order for
the Senator from Georgia to move to take up the
Piivate Calendar at this time.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 make that motion—to take
up the Private Calendar. I think the Chair is in
error about the special order being the unfinished
business of yesterday. The special order is fixed
by a resolution of the Senate, which declares that
tins dav shcil! be devoted to the Private Calendar.
The 'VICE PRESIDENT. Was a resolution
of that sort passed the other day m the absence
of the Chair '
Mr. STUART. It passed early in the session,
setting apart every Friday for the consideration
of the Private Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suppose that such an order would be considered
by the Senate as obligatory.
Mr. YULEE. If the Chair decides that, under
the order of the Senate, the private bills are enti-
tled now to be taken up, I shall not make the mo-
tion I was about to do; otherwise, I shall ask the
Senate to occupy the half hour intervening be-
tween this and twelve o'clock by considering the
bill amendatoty of the laws regulating the Patent
Office, which the Committor- on Patents have in-
structed me to move for the early action of the
Senate, and which the Commissioner of Patents
informs me it is exceedingly important should
receive the early actum of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
pardon the.Chair for a moment ? The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Georgia to move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
the Private Calendar. If he insists on that mo-
tion, that is the question befoie the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 insist on that motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Theie was a bill to run the
boundary line of Texas reported, with a verbal
amendment, a few days ago, which I should like
to have considered. The Senators from that State
are very anxious to have it acted upon; and if it
takes five minutes, I will abandon it, if the Sen-
ator will allow it to be taken up. It is a House
bill.
Mr. IVERSON. I have already objected to
the considei ation of a bill proposed by my friend
from Florida, and I cannot consent to yield to
anv one else. If I yield in one case, I must yield
in "another; and thus the whole day will be frit-
tered away.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator to allow mc
at least to sav this: that I shall to-morrow morn-
