im
T|JE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
March 12,
because cerjain principles haySTSeen promulgated
in that ge^jon of the ciJurftry holding the large
raajM^^-principIesSjf fiigher-lawism; principles
wi^en set the/^Offlstitution at naught; principles
which ablegate The opinion and the decisions of
the SupfemeCourt;Jn'inciple,s which have been
introduced into.^fj,® country at variance and in
, dar'ect conflic^Wh all the received opinions of
\Vt" a popular, tree, representative form of govern-
roent.
Mr. President, I aiji representing here in part
a State as truly devoted to her southern associ-
ations and southern glory as any other State. I
am representing a city, two thirds of whose com-
mercial capital is southern. I am representing a
. people whose hearts are as nearly allied to the
South a? those of the people of any other southern
State; but, sir, at the same time, I ara represent-
ing a State and a city whose whole future is based
upon this Union, who have signalized theirdevo-
tion to the Union, who have contributed as fully
and as freely to the formation of this Government
as any other State in the Confederacy; and I should
be recreant to the trust that lias been confided to
my hands if I did not protest against the agitation
of this question, which has no practical bearing
upon the subject of slavery. It has been said on
the other side of the Chamber, that the majority of
the people of Kansas have the right to amend
their constitution in their own way, and for their
own purposes, in their own time; and, sir, I admit
it. I believe the people of Kansas, in their sov-
ereign capacity as a State, have that right, and
not before. I believe that by the agitation of that
question here 011 this floor, you are keeping up,
giving pabulum to that sectional strife which,
unless it ceases, must deal the death-blow to this
Union, and finally tear in pieces the wide charter
of our American citizenship. I believe it in my
heart and in my soul. 1 am conservative in all
my feelings and views. I am as much opposed
to ultraism or higher-lawism, whether it comes
from the far South or the far North, as any Sen-
ator here. I believe that our destiny is in this
Union, under the Constitution, and it is only
under it; for when the Constitution ceases to be
respected, when the decisions of the Supreme
Court fail to be regarded—that umpire, that ref-
eree in the very construction of this Govern-
ment, to whom all litigated cases are referred—
there is an end to free representative Government
here.
Gentlemen talk of dividing this Union. You
may, by a convulsion, break up the Union; but
you cannot divide it. You cannot, in my judg-
men^bring upon this continent two separate and
distinct Powers. They cannot exist with the
sources of their mighty rivers in one section and
their mouths in the other. They cannot exist
together in peace. Free government will then
have failed; its soaring spirit will have departed;
and then you will come to a stronger and more
consolidated Government than that under which
. we now live. I trust in God that I may be spared
that day; I trust in God that time may nevercome;
but if the spirit of sectional strife is allowed to
maintain in this country; if this question is al-
lowed to be longer presented to the masses of the
people—appealing directly to their sectional pre-
judices and passions; if the elements of discord
lie not removed from here; then, sir, i have but
little hope for the settlement of the question with-
out blood.
Mr. President, in voting, as I mean to do, for
this measure, I greatly regret that the dominant
party on this floor have seen fit to connect'it with
another; for, to my taste and to my sense, a more
odious principle has never been promulgated in
this country than is contained in the Minnesota
constitution.^ I am not aware whether Senators
have looked into that clause of theMinnesotacon-
stitution to which I refer. I admit, frankly and
freely, that it is not my province or my right to
ami nd, to alter, or to consider the provisions of
the constitution of a State for whose admission
I am about to vote, further than to enter my pro-
test against them. The provision to which I allude
is odious; it is dangerous. It is part and parcel
of the doctrines of the distinguished Senator from
• New York; not "frivolous, "but it is foreign to the
principles of the founders of this Government.
The Minnesota constitution provides—
'■ Section 1. Everymale person of the age of twenty-one
years or upwaids,belonging to either of the following classes,
who shall have resided in the United States one year, and
nt thin State for-four months next preceding any election,
shall be entitled to vote at such election, in the election dis-
trict of which he shall at tlie time have been for ten days a
resident, for all officers that now are, or hereafter may be,
elective by the people:
" 1st. White citizens of the United States.
" 2d. White persons of foreign birth, who shall have de-
clared their intention to become citizens, conformably to
the laws of the United States upon the subject of naturali-
zation.
"3d. Persons of mixed white and Indian blood, who
have adopted the customs and habits of civilizat'on.
" 4tll. Persons of Indian blood residing 111 this State, who
have adopted the language, customs, and habits of civiliza-
tion, after an examination before any district court of the
State, in such manner as may be provided by law, and shall
have been pronounced by said court capable of enjoying tile
rights of citizenship within the State." * ^ * *
" Sec. 7. Every person who, by the provisions of this
article, shall be entitled to vote at any election, =hall be
eligible to any office which now is, or hereafter shall be,
elective by the people in the district wherein he shall have
resided thirty days previous to such election, except as other-
wise provided in this constitution, or in the Constitution
and laws of the United States."
Mr. President, here is a principle to which I will
never subscribe It is in direct contravention of
every notion of mine in regard to the doctrines
of our Government. It is a principle which, if
carried out, will aegregate in the masses of the
twenty millions of the North all power, and deny
to the seven or eight millions of white people at the
South any equality in this Government. Squat-
ter sovereignty and alien suffrage are principles
that I abhor and repudiate. If carried out they
will subvert every doctrine of our free Govern-
ment that we have cherished and regarded. But,
sir, I have to vote upon the Minnesota constitu-
tion upon the same basis as the Lecompton con-
stitution, because it is here by the authority of
law, because it is republican in its form. I vote
forits admission, but 1 do say that the Minnesota
constitution is in direct conflict with both the letter
and the spirit of the Constitution of the United
States in this respect. 1 have no, remedy in my
hands to right it. A wiser and agreater man than
myself so proclaimed 011 this floor in 1836 against
this doctrine in the constitution of Michigan. I
protest against that docti ine which, if carried out,
must break up that equality which exists in this
Government, mustdestroy the rights of the south-
ern States, and must eventually change the form
and character of the Government under which we
live.
I alluded, a little while ago, to a remark made
by my distinguished friend from New York. I
speak of him as my friend, because, really, I have
110 motive for addressing him otherwise than as a
friend.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 hope not.
Mr. KENNEDY. I may speak with earnest-
ness, but I feel kindly towards all my associates
here, and 1 trust I shall never violate the rules of
courtesy or gentlemanly decorum on this floor. I
say at the same time that the gentleman thought
proper to allude to that party, which I represent
here, as "ephemeral and as frivolous" in its views.
The head and front of the offending of Millard Pill-
more prior to 185a was that, under the solemn ob-
ligations of his oath, he enforced and maintained
the fugitive slave law as one of the laws under
the Constitution of this country, for which act
the gentleman and his party repudiated him; on
account of which they broke up every conserva-
tive principle that had been advocated by the old
Whig organization in this country. I do not mean
here to say one word against the distinguished
nominee of the Whig convention in 1852, though
his nomination was very much the work of the
Senator's hands; but I say that convention dug
the grave of the Whig party. That convention
forced and led to the formation of the American
party; and, in the incipiency of that party, many
of the distinguished gentlemen of the North, not
perhaps the Senator himself, but some of his
present followers, joined it until the question of
slavery was brought into it.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator will excuse me
for asking him not to put any " perhaps" before
my name in that category. There is no doubt
about it at all.
Mr. KENNEDY. I did not mean to say that
the gentleman himself had ever been a member of
the American party.
Mr. SEWARD. Or had connection or sym-
pathy with it.
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 said perhaps some of your
friends had.
Mr. SEWARD. That is fair.
Mr. KENNEDY. I was perfectly aware where
the Senator himself stood, and where his .present
party stands; and it is upon that knowledge that
I have to take my position now. I have to choose
between them and their opponents here. Upon
national questions there is no affiliation betweei.1
the party of the Senator from New York and my-
self. Upon mere questions of policy I make no
pledges. So long as thatgreatgulf has been made
between us on sectional issues in contravention to
the guarantees of the Constitution of this coun-
try, in violation of compacts and compromises,
while we shall be very good friends we cannot
work on the same side. I am free to admit (I say
it in order to set myself right here) that I mean
to vote' for the Lecompton constitution because it
takes the slavery question out of this Chamber,
because itgives you no pretext, no legitimate right
upon this floor to agitate further the question of
slavery except upon that responsibility which all
agitators and persons and parties found in rebel-
lion against the organized authorities of the Gov-
ernment, choose to take.
Sir, the responsibility of agitation will rest upon
the gentlemen here who initiate it when once the
mantle of sovereignty has been thrown upon the
people of Kansas, and outside pressure has been
removed. I am happy to say, frankly, I am per-
fectly free to admit that the message of the Pres-
ident upon this question, however much he may
have been wrong in his policy before, in my judg-
ment is the only measure of peace that can now
beadopted. A s such I accept it. Upon that ground
I take it. I believe, before God, he is right; but
whatever result may come, I am not to be held
accountable for it. The authors, and beginners,
I and originators, of this question must take the re-
sponsibility to themselves. I do not mean to vote
to keep up agitation in Kansas by letting the peo-
ple of Maine or Georgia, Maryland or Vermont,
claim the right to frame a constitution there. A
constitution has been presented to me in conform-
ity with law, legal in all its bearings. The ques-
tion of fraud I ignore. There has been fraud on
all sides. There has been cheatery of every kind.
I do not mean to consider it. If representatives
come here u nder a fraudulent vote it is competent
for this body to purge itself of them, and to in-
vestigate frauds affecting the election of its mem-
bers.
I have stated my views, Mr. President; I have
protested against the principle of the Minnesota
constitution. I speak for a State that I believe to
be as truly, I know to be as thoroughly, sensitive
! upon all questions affecting the rights of the South
J as any; yet, at the same time, with every pulsa-
tion of her heart beating for the preservation of
this Union; with every commercial tie and con-
nection that she has with the South and South-
west, she is endeavoring to act as a mediator in
all this war of strife upon an impractical issue—
one, really in my humble judgment, of not the
slightest moment or the slightest importance, for
the reasons I have stated; because slave labor will
be controlled by the principle of political economy,
the immutable law of supply and demand. I vote,
then, to take the question of slavery away from
these Halls by the only means that is in my power.
I vote in accordance with the principle of the
party that I have the honor to represent, which
has for one of its cardinal doctrines that alien suf-
frage and squatter sovereignty must be repudiated.
Relieving that the proper authority has decided
it not to be necessary to submit the Lecompton
constitution to every resident inhabitant of Kan-
sas for a vote of approval or rejection, I shall vote
for the acceptance of that constitution.
One other point of view I will allude to before
I conclude; and that is the inalienable right of the
people of a State, in the exercise of popular sov-
ereignty, in conformity to law, to amend their
constitution in their own way and for their own
purposes. The Legislature of my own State of
Maryland has, withinthe last three days, passed
a bill on precisely thatground, all parties concur-
ring in it. Americans and Democrats have just
passed a bill to take the sense of the people on
amending the constitution of Maryland, which
now has in it a clause prohibiting the change or
amendment of that constitution until 1862. It has
been done in accordance with the forms of law.
It is to be submitted to the people. If there be
any question of difference as regards this partic-
