14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
service so proffered shall be gratuitous—which is
the true footing, I have always understood, of a
clergyman's position. Whether there may not
be a proper acknowledgment of the services of
these gentlemen at the end of the session, every
Senator will decide for himself. My own opinion
is fixed on that point.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. President, I understand,
from the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Virginia, that the design and object of this reso-
lution is substantially to abolish the office of
Chaplain as it has heretofore existed under the
practice of the Senate, and to invite the clergymen
of this District to open the daily sessions of this
House with prayer. I am apprehensive, how-
ever, that there may be some difficulty in attain-
ing this object, on account of the wording of the
resolution. I am glad that the Senator from Vir-
ginia has introduced this resolution. It seems to
me a very appropriate one, in view of all the cir-
cumstances that surround the Senate and the
practice that has heretofore obtained on the sub-
ject. I would suggest, however, in order to avoid
any difficulty hereafter, that the resolution be
amended so as to attain, beyond all doubt, what
is desired by myself, as well as, I believe, by the
Senator from Virginia, by adding to it the words:
" And that the office of Chaplain of the Senate
is hereby abolished."
Mr. MASON. I do not understand that there
is any such office as Chaplain to the Senate. I
do not remember whether there is a rule on the
subject; but the usage of the Senate has been (in
conformity, I suppose, to the general public
opinion of the land) that our duties here should
be commenced by a proper appeal to the Al-
mighty every morning; but I do not look upon it
as an office. I certainly do not at all contemplate
interfering with the usage ofopenmg our delibera-
tions in the morning with Divine services; but on
the contrary, to continue itand to place it on what
seems to me a more reputable and more proper
footing. If the honorable Senator were to offer
a proposition to abolish the office, it would per-
haps engender some difference of opinion among
Senators, which 1 would rather avoid.
Mr. BIGGS. My object is precisely the same
as that of the Senator from Virginia. I am de-
cidedly with him as to the manner of opening the
daily sessions with prayer. 1 think it is entirely
proper. Hut if 1 understand the usage of the Sen-
ate, connected with the rules of this body and
some joint resolutions that have been passed by
both Houses, the office of Chaplain is recognized.
So far as I am concerned, my object will be at-
tained if the effect of this resolution be to rid us
of the office without intiodufing any amendment
at all—and I understand the Senator from Virginia
in the resolution designs that. That bmnjr the
design and effect of the resolution, my object is
accomplished.
Mr. MASON. If there be any rule in relation
to the Chaplain, I ask that the Chair direct it to
be read; and if it be inconsistent with tins resolu-
tion, I propose to repeal it.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a joint rule on the
subject between the two Houses
The Secretary. It is a provision passed at
each session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
not aware of any rule for the joint action of both
Houses on this subject.
Mr. MASON. 1 was not.
Mr. CLAY. I am opposed to the adoption of
this resolution, believing, as I do, that it will !
prove both unwise and inexpedient in practice.
The Senator from North Carolina, as I under-
stand him, contemplates procuring the services
of a Chaplain, without -any remuneration what-
ever. I do not so understand the Senator from
Virginia. I think we should not muzzle the ox
that treadeth out the corn." I believe that " the
laborer is worthy of his hire." I think we shall
find, if we adopt this resolution, and it shall be
construed as it is understood by the Senator from
North Carolina, that patriotism will fail, that even
religion will fail, to induce men to come here every
morning gratuitously to pray for this body. I
think, if we intend and desire to have the sessions
of this body opened with daily prayer, we can only
achieve that desire by employing and paying a
man for the purpose. I do not myself see any
serious objection to that. In these degenerate
days, I know none of the clergy who live purely
by charity, who take their staff and walk abroad,
getting their daily meals and their clothing, as
wayfaring men, from every good Samaritan they
.may meet. I know, in my own State, that all
the stationed clergy receive regular salaries or
compensation for their services. I understand
that it is so in this city. What right have we to
expect that the clergymen of this city, purely for
the honor of the thing, or purely for the sake
of serving God, will come here and open our
sessions with servicc without any compensation
whatever? There is an old adage, and a very
true one, that " what is everybody's business is
nobody's business;" and, if we adopt the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia, and empower
you, sir, or the Vice President, to invite the cler-
gymen of the city generally to officiate, we shall
find that oftentimes we shall have to go to work
without prayers. I trust that the resolution will
not be adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I hope the
honorable Senator who last addressed the Senate
will reconsider the opinion he has formed on this
subject, and suffer this resolution to pass. I have
felt, ever since I have been here, that it brought
scandal on the cause of the Christian religion to
have an active canvass here for Chaplain; and I
am very glad that there is a mode proposed by
which that scandal can be hereafter removed.
The form which is suggested by the Senator
from Virginia commends itself entirely to my ap-
probation; and the more so because to me it is
not new. So long as I have been acquainted with
public affairs in the State of New York, or for
nearly all that period—certainly for fifteen or
twenty years—there has been no single appoint-
ment of a chaplain by the Legislature of New
York; but each House of the Legislature, either
severally or the two Houses together, pass a res-
olution substantially like this, intimating their
desire that the clergymen of the city of Albany,
the State capital, to bo designated by the presid-
ing officer or officers, shall alternately perform this
religious service for the two Houses, at such times
and under such arrangement as may be agreeable
to them.
The difficulty which is suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Alabamauioes not exist there,
because their resolution always closes with a pro-
vision that the usual amountof per diem shall be
distributed amongst the clergymen who perform
the service, in proportion to the number of days
they attend. Such an amendment to this res-
olution would remove from it all objection, and
would be perfectly proper. For one, I should
have no objection to it; but, at the same time, I
am quite willing that that part of the subject
shall be postponed until we have made an exper-
iment of the new mode; and then, at the close of
the session, an appeal can be made to the Senate
m regard to the Chaplains. I have no doubt it
will be responded to as well at the end of the
session as at the commencement. My desire is
that the old system shall be changed, and I am
quite willing to adopt the one now proposed.
Mr. MASON. Perhaps it is becoming, having
oflbiud the lesolution, that I should say a single
word in reply to the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama. I have not conferred with the clergymen
of the city of Washington or the District at all.
I did show what 1 proposed to do, to the reverend
and excellent gentleman who was Chaplain at the
last session, [Rev. Mr. Hill,] who happened to
be present, who is one of the clergymen of this
city, and he said that he was satisfied it would be
considered a compliment, and a very grateful one,
to the clergy of the District. I have just learned,
what I am told is an undoubted fact, that the first
clergyman who officiated in the Continental Con-
gress, was the late Bishop White, of Pennsyl-
vania, and that ho did it on the express condition
that no compensation should be offered. I think,
appreciating as I do the office of a clergyman—
although they are a class of our fellow-citizens
with whom it has not been my fortune to be. much
connected in any way, but I do appreciate then-
office—it will be peculiarly acceptable to the cler-
gymen if presented in this form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the question
on the resolution; and it was adopted.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the motion made by
him yesterday, to print the President's message
and accompanying documents, with fifteen thou-
sand extra copies.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, when yes-
terday the President's message was read at the
Clerk's desk, I heard it but imperfectly, and I
was of the impression that the President of the
United States had approved and indorsed the
action of the Lecompton convention in Kansas.
Under that impression, 1 felt it my duty to state
that, while I concurred in the general views of the
message, yet, so far as it approved or indorsed
the action of that convention, I entirely dissented
from it, and would avail myself of an early oppor-
tunity to state my reasons for my dissent. Upon
a more careful and critical examination of the
message, I am rejoiced to find that the President
of theUnited States has not recommended that
Congress shall pass a law to receive Kansas into
the Union under the constitution formed at Le-
compton. It is true that the tone of the message
indicates a willingness on the part of the Presi-
dent to sign a bill if we shall see proper to pass
one receiving Kansas into the Union under that
constitution. But, sir, it is a fact of great sig-
nificance, and worthy of consideration, that the
President has refrained from any indorsement of
the convention and from any recommendation as
to the course Congress should pursue with regard
to the constitution there formed.
The message of the President has made an argu-
ment—an unanswerable argument in my opinion
—against that constitution, which shows clearly,
whether intended to arrive at. that result or not,
that, consistently with his views and his princi-
ples, he cannot accept that constitution. He has
expressed his deep mortification and disappoint-
ment that the constitution itself has not been
submitted to the people of Kansas for their ac-
ceptance or rejection. He informs us that he
has unqualifiedly expressed his opinions on that
subject in his instructions to Governor Walker,
assuming, as a matter of course, that the consti-
tution was to be submitted to the people before it
could have any vitality or validity. He goes
further, and tells us that the example set by Con-
gress in the Minnesota case, by inserting a clause in
the enabling act requiring the constitution to be
submitted to the people, ought to become a uniform
rule, notto be departed from hereafterin any case.
On these various propositions I agree entirely with
the President of the United States, and I am pre-
pared now to sustain that uniform rule which he
asks us to pursue, in all other cases, by taking the
Minnesota provision as our example.
I rejoice, on a careful perusal of the message,
to find so much less to dissent from than I was
under thd impression there was, from the hasty
reading and the imperfect hearing of the message
in the first instance. In effect, he refers thatdoc-
ument to the Congress of the United States—as
the Constitution of the United'States refers it—
for us to decide upon it under our responsibility.
It is proper that he should have thus referred
it to us as a matter for congressional action, and
not as an Administration or Executive measure,
for the reason that the Constitution of the United
States says that "Congress may admit new States
into the Union." Hence we find the Kansas
question before us now, not as an Administra-
tion measure, not as an Executive measure, but
as a measure coming before us for our free action,
without any recommendation or interference,
| directly or indirectly, by the Administration now
' in possession of the Federal Government. Sir,
1 propose to examine this question calmly and
fairly, to see whether or not we can properly re-
ceive Kansas into the Union with the constitution
formed at Lecompton.
The President, after expressing his regret and
mortification and disappointment, that the con-
stitution had not been submitted to the people
in pursuance of his instructions to Governor
Walker, and in pursuance of Governor Walker's
assurances to the people,says, however, that by
the Kansas-Nebraska act the slavery question
only was required to be referred to the people,
and the remainder of the constitution was not
thus required to be submitted. He acknowledges
that, as a general rule, on general principles, the
whole constitution should be submitted; but ac-
cording to his understanding of the organic act
of Kansas, there was an imperative obligation to
submit the slavery question for their approval or
