1857.
disapproval, but no obligation to submit the en-
tire constitution. In other words, he regards the
organic act, the Nebraska bill, as having made an
exception of the slavery clause, and provided for
the disposition of that question in a mode different
from that in which other domestic or local, as con-
tradistinguished from Federal questions, should
be decided. Sir, permit me to say, with profound
respect for the President of the United Suites, that
I conceive that on this point he has committed a
fundamental error, an error which lies at the foun-
dation of his whole argument on this matter. I
can well understand ho w that distinguished states-
man came to fall into this error. He was not in
the country at the time the Nebraska bill was
passed; he was not a party to the controversy,
and the discussion that took place during its pass- j
a^e. He was then representing the honor and <
the dignity ?f the country with great wisdom and
distinction at a foreign court. Thus deeply en- ,
grossed, his whole energies were absorbed in con- j
ducting great diplomatic questions that diverted j
his attention from the mere territorial questions |
and discussions then going on in the Senate and ;
the House of Representatives, and before the j
people at home. Under these circumstances, he
may well have fallen into an error, radical and
fundamental as it is, in regard to the object of the
Nebraska bill and the principle asserted in it.
Now, sir, what was the principle enunciated
by the authors and supporters of that bill when
it was brought forward ? Did we not come before
the country and say that we repealed the Mis-
souri restriction for the purpose of substituting
and carrying out as a general rule the great prin- ;
ciple of self-government, which left the people of j
each State and each Territory free to form and [
regulate their domestic institutions in their own 1
way, subject only to the Constitution of the Uni- j
ted States? In support of that proposition, itwas
argued here, and I have argued it wherever I
have spoken in various States of the Union, at
home and abroad, everywhere 1 have endeavored
to prove that there was no reason why an excep-
tion should be made in regard to the slavery ques-
tion. I have appealed to the people if we did not
all agree, men of all parties, that all other local
and domestic questions, should be submitted to ]
the people. I said to them "We agree that the j
people shall decide for themselves what kind of a j
judiciary system they will have; we agree that,
-the people shall decide what kind of a school sys- j
tem they will establish; we agree that the people |
shall determine for themselves what kind of a i
banking system they will have, or whether they i
will have any banks at all; we agree that the peo- '
pie may decide for themselves what shall be the
elective franchise in their respective States; they ,
shall decide for themselves what shall be the rule j
of taxation and the principles upon which their |
finance shall be regulated; we agree that they ;
may dpcide for themselves the relations between
husband and wife, parent and child, guardian and
ward; and why should we not then allow them
to decide for themselves the relations between
master and servant? Why make an exception of
the slavery question by taking it out of that great
rule of self-government which applies to all the
other relations of life r" The very first proposi-
tion in the Nebraska bill was to show that the
Missouri restriction, prohibiting the people from
deciding the slavery question for themselves, con-
stituted an exception to a general rule, in violation
of the principle of self-government, and hence that
that exception should be repealed, and the slavery
question, like all other questions, submitted to the
people to be decided for themselves. _
Sir, that was the principle on which the Ne-
braska bill was defended by its friends. Instead
of making the slavery question an exception, it
removed ail odious exception which before ex-
isted. Its whole object was to abolish that odious
exception, and make the rule general, universal,
in its application to all matters which were loeal
and domestic, and not national or Federal. For
this reason was the language employed which the
President has quoted: that the eighth section of the
Missouri act, commonly called the Missouri com-
promise, was repealed because it was repugnant
to the principle of non-intervention established
by the compromise measures of 1850, " it being
the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor
-to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States."
We repealed the Missouri restriction because that
was confined to slavery. That was the only ex-
ception there was to the general principle of self-
government. That exception was taken away
for the avowed and express purpose of making
the rule of self-government general and universal,
so that the people should form and regulate all
their domestic institutions in their own way.
Sir, what would this boasted principle of
popular sovereignty have been worth, if it ap-
plied only to the negro, and did not extend to
the white man ? Do you think we could have
aroused the sympathies and the patriotism of
this broad Republic, and have carried the presi-
dential election last year in the face of a tremen-
dous opposition, on the principle of extending
the right of self-government to the negro ques-
tion, but denying it as to all the relations affect-
ing white men? No, sir. We aroused the
patriotism of the country and carried the elec-
tion in defense of that great principle, which
allowed all white men to form and regulate their
domestic institutions to suit themselves—institu-
tions applicable to white men as well as to black
men—institutions applicable to freemen as well
as to slaves—institutions concerning all the re-
lations of life, and not the mere paltry excep-
tion of the slavery question. Sir, I have spent
too much strength and breath, and health, too,
to establish this great principle in the popular
heart, now to see it frittered away by bringing
it down to an exception that applies to the
negro, and does not extend to the benefit of the
white man. As I said before, I can well im-
agine how the distinguished and eminent patriot
and statesman now at the head of the Govern-
ment fell into the error—for error it is, radical,
fundamental, and, if persevered in, subversive of
that platform upon which he was elevated to the
Presidency of the United States.
Then, if the President be right in saying that,
by the Nebraska bill, the slavery question must
be submitted to the people, it follows inevitably
that every other clause of the constitution must
also be submitted to the people. The Nebraska
bill said that the people should be left " perfectly
free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions ill their own way"—not the slavery ques-
tion, not the Maine liquor-law question, not the
banking question, not the school question, not
the railroad question, but " their domestic institu-
tions," meaning each and all the questions which
are local,notnational, State, notFederal. I arrive
at the conclusion that the principles enunciated
so boldly, and enforced with so much ability by
the President of the United States, require us, out
of respect to him and the platform on which he
was elected, to send this whole question back to
the people of Kansas, and enable them to say
whether or not the constitution which has been
framed, each and every clause of it, meets their
approbation.
The President, in his message, has made an
unanswerable argument in favor of the principle
which requires this question to be sent back. It
is stated in the message, with more clearness and
force than any language which I can command;
but I can draw your attention to it and refer you
to the argument in the message, hoping that you
will take it as a part of my speech—as express-
in" my idea more forcibly than I am able to ex-
press it. The President says that a question of
great interest, like the slavery question, cannot
be fairly decided by a convention of delegates,
for the reason that the delegates are elected in dis-
tricts, and in some districts a delegate is electea
by a small majority; in others by an overwhelm-
ing majority; so that it often happens that a ma-
jority of the delegates are one way, while a ma-
jority of the people are the other way; and there-
fore it would be unfair, and inconsistent with the
great principle of popular sovereignty, to allow a
body of delegates, not representing the popular
voice, to establish domestic institutions for the
mass of the people. This is the President s ar-
gument to show that you cannot have a fair and
honest decision without submitting it to the pop-
ular vote. The same argument is conclusive with
regard to every other question as well as with
regard to slavery.
But, Mr. President, it is intimated in the mes-
sage that although it was an unfortunate circum-
stance, much to be regretted, that the Lecomp-
ton convention did not submit the constitution to
the people, yet perhaps it may be treated as reg-
ular, because the convention was called byaTer-
ritorial Legislature which had been repeatedly
recognized by the Congress of the United States
as a legal body. I beg Senators not to fall into
an error as to the President's meaning on this
point. He doe  not say, he does not mean, that
this convention had ever been recognized by the
Congress of the United States as legal or valid.
On the contrary, he knows, as we here know,
that during the last Congress I reported a bill
from the Committee on Territories to authorize
the people of Kansas to assemble and form a con-
stitution for themselves. Subsequently, the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] brought for-
ward a substitute for my bill, which, after having
been modified by him and myself in consultation,
was passed by the Senate. It is known in the
country as "the Toombs bill." It authorized
the people of Kansas Territory to assemble in
convention and form a constitution preparatory
to their admissipn into the Union as a State.
That bill, it is well known, was defeated in the
House of Representatives. It matters not, for
the purpose of this argument, what was the rea-
son of its defeat. " Whether the reason was a
political one; whether it had reference to the then
existing contest for the Presidency; whether it
was to keep open the slavery question; whether
it was a conviction that the bill would not be
fairly carried out; whether it was because there
were not people enough in Kansas to justify the
formation of a State;—no matter what the reason
was, the House of Representatives refused to
pass that bill, and thus denied to the people of
Kansas the right to form a constitution and State
| government at this time. So far from the Con-
j gress of the United States having sanctioned or
I legalized the convention which assembled at Le-
| compton, it expressly withheld its assent. The
assent has notbeen given, either in express terms
or by implication; and being withheld, this Kan-
sas constitution has just such validity and jus*
such authority as the Territorial Legislature of
1 Kansas could impart to it without the assent,
| and in opposition to the known will, of Congress
| Now, sir, let me ask what is the extent of the
' authority of a Territorial Legislature as to call-
ing a constitutional convention without the assent
of Congress ? Fortunately this is not a new ques-
tion; it does not now arise for the first time
When the Topeka constitution was presented to
the Senate nearly two years ago, it was referred
to the Committee on Territories, with a variety of
i measures relating to Kansas. The committee
1 made a full report upon the whole subject. That
report reviewed all the irregular cases which hao.
occurred in our history in the admission of new
States. The committee acted on the supposition
that whenever Congress had passed an enabling
act authorizing the people of a Territory to form
a State constitution, the convention was regular,
and possessed all the authority which Congress
had delegated to it; but whenever Congress had
failed or refused to pass an enabling act, the
proceeding was irregular and void, unless vitality
was imparted to it by a subsequent act of Congress
adopting and confirming it. The friends of the
Topeka constitution insisted that although their
proceedings were irregular, they were not so
irregular but that Congress could cure the error
by admitting ICansas with that constitution.
They cited a variety of cases, amongst others the
Arkansas case. In my report, sanctioned by every
member of the Committee on Territories, except
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Com-amer,J
I reviewed the Arkansas case as well as the ottiers,
and affirmed the doctrine established by (general
Jackson's administration and enunciated m the
opinion of Mr. Attorney General Butler, a part of
which opinion was copied into the repor an
i published to the country at the time.
\ow, sir, in order to ascertain what we under-
i Stood on the 12th of March, 1856-little more
; than a year and a half ago-to be the true doc-
i trine on this point, let me call your attention to
the opinion of Mr. Butler m the Arkansas case.
The Governor of the Territory of Arkansas sent
a printed address to President Jackson, in which
he stated that he had been urged to call together
the Legislature of the Territory of Arkansas, for
