1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2125
There is a patent to be issued, and when it shall
have issued, I imagine we are done with it. Al-
though another provision here says that the land
shall never be alienated except by the consent of
Congress, they will never come before Congress
afterwards to obtain any such consent, but the
patent having been issued to the trustee or trus-
tees of this society, it will be conclusive; and any
purchaser afterwards purchasing that patent, m
the language of all other patents, would be con-
sidered as having an indisputable title. There
would be nothing requiring him to come back to
show the manner in which the entry was made,
or the special authority of law by which that entry
was obtained, or whether the Yearly Meeting had
complied with ail the terms of this bill. The
patent, I take it, carries the title with it.
To say nothing of the general impolicy of set-
ting apart lands for pai Ucular religious societies,
1 suggest to the Senate that as far as I can see
from the report and bill, this yearly society is
merely a body of men casually collected together,
whose association may be dissolved at any mo-
ment; they are not an incorporated company, and
we are not granting land to any incorporated per-
sons. We are to make this grant to the Indiana
Yearly Meeting of Friends, and with the same
propriety we might make a grant to any other
fixed church in [he United States that is not in-
corporated.' Feuds may arise within the church;
it may break up; and m the end this appropria-
tion—and we do not know how soon it may take
place—may fall altogether into the hands of the
trustees themselves, and may be disposed of for
their benefit, notwithstanding the provisions of
this bill. The third scction provides:
That lite Kinds granted by this act, well in the flif-t as ;
tlio second s-eeuon thereof, -hall not be -old oi othoiwise !
alienated bv the srni Yeaily Meeting oi it-< tiu-tee or tin- |
tees, without the pievioua eminent ot ('omjte-s thereto *'
The u previous consent of Congress" can al-
ways be had upon the very slightest showing.
Let them come forward and say they have found
it necessary, having exhausted the wood upon the
land for the purposes for which the appropriation
of this land was originally made, to ask Congress
to permit them to sell it, so that they may locate
other lands, it will be permitted at once; and thus
you give away the land as well as the wood, and
the object will be disregarded.
I do not think it is necessary to make any re-
marks to show the impolicy of such grants to
religious societies; for they are without number
throughout the United States, and there is also a
serious objection to granting to a body of men
who are not even incorporated. If six oi seven
of us weie to go out liete, and ask you to make
a grant to us m trust for a specific object, we
should present ourselves uponjustas good ground,
and with just as much merit, in point of fact, as
these parties; for you have no more reason to be-
lieve them than any other six or seven honorable
men. You grant to no particular person; you
grant nowhere wbeie any guard will exist over it.
You reserve no right, by the terms of the bill, to
rescind the grants if the objects are not carried
out. In the beginning, in making a rcsei vation
of three hundred and twenty acres for this ob-
ject, in their treaty with the United States, the
Indians admitted that they had reserved enough
for the purpose. T suggest that the terms of the
treaty alone should govern us. But if the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, on examination, shall
find that the original grant was insufficient, and
that an additional grant can he properly guarded,
that committee can report it here, provided_ they
concur in the policy. At any rate they will re-
port adversely, if not favorably. I know noth-
ing of their ideas in regard to the particular mat-
ter; but when they report, the subject can come
up for our consideration after the Indian Com-
mitttee consider the treaty that affects it, as well
as the report of the Committee on Public Lands.
I shall say no more myself in reference to this
subject.
'Mr. GREEN. I think it would be well to re-
fer this bill back for a Utile further scrutiny, for
in its present shape I consider it veiy objection-
able In the fitst place it makes a grant to a re-
ligious society, and it seems that it is not incor-
porated, a society which is foreign to the new
State of Kansas—the Indiana Yearly Meeting of
the Society of Friends. I think it would be a
very bad precedent to grant land to a socicty in
one State to be holden in another; but independ-
ent of that it is very bad policy to invade State
rights. Many of the States have stringent laws.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to ask the Senator if he
does not know that the Yearly Meeting of Friends
of the State of Indiana exists throughout all the
northwestern States, not only Indiana, but the
States of Missouri, Iowa, and also Kansas? In-
diana happens to be the seat of their Assembly:
the representatives of their society come in from
all those States, so that this territory is embraced
really within the limits of their organization.
Mr. GREEN. Its general ramification through-
out the whole northwestern territory makes it the
more objectionable. Many of the States have a
settled doctrine by law, and some by constitu-
tional provision, prohibiting religious societies
from holding real estate, exceptfor certain speci-
fied purposes. Now, if Congress undertakes to
make grants before the sovereignty of Kansas at-
taches, it will be setting up an action on the part
of the Federal Government that will invade the
doctrine of State rights when that State shall have
been completely organized.
But there is still a more objectionable feature
than that in it. It is a system of grants. We
all know the topography of that country and the
general appearance of the face of the country;
and we know that timber there is exceedingly
scarce compared to the bio-ad extensive prairies,
and that the settlements will require forty acres of
timber land to four hundred acres of pran le land,
in order to settle the country up, and that that is
enough. The settlers who go on the land thus
apportion it out; they divide it up, and stake out
their claims. This, however, is to give three 1
hundred and twenty acres of timber land for three
hundred and twenty acres of other land, which
is an unjust and an unfair provision, and which
will retard the settlement of the rest of the Ter-
ritory.
But, more than that, when these Indian reser-
vations were marked off, the unsettled terutory
remaining was immediately dotted all over, and
is at this time staked all over with claims. It has
been the common practice of this Government to
grant retrospective preemption right; and while
we have now a prospective preemption law, the
common custom and,practice of the neighborhood
has been that the honest location of squatters is
equal to the foimal right of preemptors. This
overrides all that class of persons, and will take
awav claims of at least half a dozen, giving an
, option to this society to take the land whefi and
I where they please within the limit prescribed.
! Mi. COLLAMER. I ask whether in Minne-
sota they had not a preemption right before the
lands were surveyed ;
Mr. GREEN. I believe they have, in some
cases. I know that in many cases where settlers
have gone on public lands before the lands were
surveyed, a ictrospective preemption law has been
i passed fortheirrehel. Inothercasesundermyeye,
| before the public land was surveyed andbiought
' into market, it has been settled all over it, and
j by common consent and general understanding,
I without the coercive power of law, they staked
I off their claims harmoniously, peaceably, and
! quietly; and when the land was surveyed, it was
1 satisfactorily arranged, if one lost a little land
j here, it was made up there, by general under-
; standing. That system prevails in the Shawnee
j reservation in Kansas. This bill proposes to
i oust these settlers, and destroy squatter sover-
! eignty. I do not think that is right. It takes
| away their properly. It violates a principle this
j Government has sanctioned, and I think it would
I be unjuNt. Besides, if these parties need a little
timber land, forty acres is plenty. The Senator
■ from Michigan says we do not give it to them;
' we only give them a preemption. He knows that
J every acre of that timber land, this day, will sell
! for ten dollars. Perhaps he will reply, " why,
those who are upon it will only enter it at $1 2o."
; Certainly that is so; but by dividing it up into
i small parcels, and putting a large quantity of
1 piairic with it, for a small quantity of timber will
feed a large proportion of prairie, and sustain it
i and keep u up, you sell the prairie land, which,
' if you exhaust the timber, you never can sell. It
is, therefore, equivalent to giving them ten dol-
lars an acre. Much of it, in this case, would sell
■ for twenty-five dollars an acre.
j I am not disposed to see any harsh treatment
instituted, toward this society of Friends; but I
am not willing to set an example which will de-
stroy the rights of individuals. The common cus-
tonvnnd practice of the Government, sanctioned
by law in many cases, has given individuals a
right, to settle on this land; 1 believe it is now
bei ng surveyed; and, in the absence of this hill,
their tiiles will be completed in a very short space
of time; but by the passage of this bill you over-
ride all these squatters; you drive them from three
hundred and twenty acres of timber land, and in
the act of driving them from three hundred and
twenty acres of timber land you may drive them
from three thousand acres of prairie land, leaving
it a barren waste forever. I hope it will be re-
stricted to forty acres, if the bill is to pass at all;
but 1 think the three hundred and twenty acres
they already have is enough for the purpose for
which this institution was gotten up.
Mr. 1YERSON. It must be evident to the Sen-
ate that if so much time is lost on little bills like
this, it is utterly useless to take up the Private
Calendar, because it is an absolute denial of the
consideration of every other case. This case has
already occupied some three or four days of the
consideration of the Senate; I do nor mean whole
days, but it has been up three or four times, and
occupied one or two hours on each occasion.
Now, I suppose it is to occupy two or three hours.
More time has been occupied m debating this bill
than every other bill which has been considered
on the Private Calendar at this session; and yet
the parties interested are not willing to take a vote.
It has cost the Government already, in debating
this bill, ten times the vaiue of the land involved.
Several Senators. Let us have a vote.
Mr. 1VERSON. I am willing to vote. Other-
wise 1 shall move to lay the bill on the table. I
think it is unfair to the rest of the private claim-
ants nowbefoic the Senate, that so much time
should be occupied in debating a subject which
really is not worth anything at all. If "the friends
of the measure will give way and let the vote be
taken, I have no objection. Otherwise 1 shall
move to lay the bill on the table to test the sense
of the Senate whether we shall go on with it or
not.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the Senator will not make
that motion until I make a remark or two. I wish
to recall to the attention of the Senate some facts
which have not been presented.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I shall have to yield to
other gentlemen.
Mr. MASON. The discussion is not to be
stopped.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion. This discussion has not been by
the friends of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays '27; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Clay, Clmsrman, Fitzparriek,
Green, JIatmnond, Henderson, Hou-ton, Iver^on, Kennedy,
Ma-on. Polk, Seluu-tian,Slide!!.arid Ynlee—1. 
NAYS—"We—r*. A lieu, Benjamin. Ihodenrk. Cameton,
Chandler, Clark, Coil.uner, Di.vm, Doohule. Dm k«'e, Ft—
sendon. Foot, Fo-tei, Hale, Hamlin IJ.ti'an. Kins, Mallorv,
Pn^li. Seward Shield-. Simmons:, Stuart, Sumner, Tium-
IjuII, Wade, and wjk-on—-27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
j Mr. STUART. I suppose the motion made by
j the Senator from Arkansas is in order; and there-
■ fore I only wish to suggest that this bill may he
I made definite under the repoit by stating the po-
sition of the land desired to be entered. The re-
port states it in these words:
" One bundled and twentv acre? west of the farm, and
two hundred acies on the bouth Mde ot' the Kansas river "
That is all the land mentioned in the report. I
suppose, however, the question will be first on the
motion to refer to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. POLK. I ask the Senator if there is any
limit in the southern extremity within which the
lands may be located, short of the southernmost
limit of the Shawnee land ?
Mr. STUART. I will state that I am willing
this matter should be limited. I take it, human
language can limit it; and I am willing to say the
land shall be located within agiven distance. I am
willing to say it shall be within half a mile of the
nver~any language that is necessary. I oeheve
the language here will answer.
Mr. PUGH. At the suggestion of the Senator
from Mississippi, the other day, I wrote an amend-
