1358.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6-3
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs-
-Mr. Burroughs.
Ho. of Reps.
u ttered a sentiment which I feel at liberty to notice.
1 read from his speech:
"If I could do so consistently with the honor of my
country, I would plant American libei ty, with southern in-
stitutions, upon every inch of Amencan soil. I believe that
they give to us the highest type of civilization known to
modem tunes."
And the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gart-
rcll,] following in the same track, attempted to
bung to our notice all the patriarchal sanctions
and glories of slavery; and not satisfied with rest-
ing the question upon its mere ground of civili-
zation, went into the consideration of patriarchal
usage. He said that the time had gone by for :
making apologies for slavery; that the time had !
come for defending it upon high grounds. I lis-
tened to liis remarks with pleasure, and I have
ever since felt to appreciate the ability, the skill,
and the genius with which he managed the sub-
ject. I was pleased with his speech for its frank
and manly tone: he went back to earlier times to
find arguments and a foundation for the peculiar
institution which exists in the South—he might
have found examples, also, of another institution,
which exists in Utah Territory. But we live in
an age when we have in some portion of the coun-
try been led to cultivate a different degree of civ-
ilization. I do not propose, in running a parallel
between northern and southern civilization, to
offend the most sensitive feelings of any man. I
introduce it simply for the purpose of illustra-
tion, and in order that gentlemen looking over the
subject candidly may see whether our views de-
serve their consideration; whether we arc right or
wrong. Wot intending to go over the whole field,
(I find myself with a mass of figures, which I shall
not be able to present to-day,) I shall brnisr only
a few facts to the notice of the House. When
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Gartrell] ad-
dressed the House about the patriarchal institu-
tion, and the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Lamar] in reference to those existing at the South,
as presenting the highest form of civilization
known to modern times, I felt called upon, as a
student of civilization, to look into the facts and
ascertain the basis upon which they rest that high
claim.
I took the census report of 1850, and I beg the
attention of gentlemen while I introduce a few
facts, and ask gentlemen themselves to mark the
contrast.
I desire to call the attention of the House first*
to public schools. The district represented by
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Gartrell] has
"one hundred and eighty-eightpublic schools,one
hundred and eighty-nine teachers, and five thou-
sand five hundred pupils. In the counties which
compose my district we have three bundled and
six public schools, three hundred and seventy- ;
five teachers, and nineteen thousand seven hun- I
drcd and seventy-eight pupils. This, in my poor I
judgment, is some evidence of the comparative i
civilization of our respective districts. I
Now let us turn our attention to the district of ,
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar.] j
In that district there are one hundred and forty- |
four public schools, one hundred and forty-seven i
teachers, and two thousand nine hundred and j
sixty-six pupils. I have already told you how i
many of each my district contained—I refer, of
course, to the public schools as classified in the
ccnsus report.
I next turned my attention to another item—
school libraries, not libraries in academies and
colleges, but school libraries; accessible to all the
people. In my district there are two hundred mid
eighty-five school libraries, containing thirty-six
thousand three hundred and twenty volumes. In j
the district of the gentleman from Georgia there
is one school library only, containing Ave hun- j
dred volumes. In the Mississippi district referred j
to, not one library of this class. j
Again: 1, in the next place, looked a little to the j
value of church property in the lespective dis- ;
tt icts. The total value of church property in the
district of the gentleman from Mississippi, is '
£118,233; m that of the gentleman from Georgia,
£127,.120; and in my own district, $276,850. In
on? county of Mississippi, constituting a part of
the gentleman's district, I found but one single
church, which church was worth one hundred
dollars. This county, (Tunica,) has a population
of three hundred and ninety-six whites, and nine
hundred and seventeen slaves.
Running this parallel a little further, I propose
to call the attention of gentlemen to some other
facts.
Mr. QUITMAN. Will the gentleman from
New York state what district in Mississippi he
refers to?
Mr. BURROUGHS. I do not know the num-
ber of the district. It is that represented by the
learned and eloquent gentleman on my left, [Mr.
Lamar,] who addressed the committee a few days
ago.
Mr. QUITMAN. If the gentleman from New
York will permit me, I will state, for the correc-
tion of the statistics, that in our section of the
country we act individually; and I will venture to
say, that if the gentleman and myself occupy seats
on this floor at the next session of Congress, I
can show him then that there are more books in
the libraries of private individuals, in my district,
than there are in those of private individuals in
his district.
Mr.BURROUGHS. Icannotextend anymore
of my time to the gentleman, though no one re-
spects him more than I do. 1 wish, sir, that the
gentleman could point me to libraries for the use
of the people.
I have already given the number of the white
population of the fifteen southern States. The
slave population is three million two hundred
thousand. The number of public schools in the
fifteen southern States I find to be nineteen thou-
sand four hundred and eighty-eight. In my own
State alone the number is ten thousand eight hun-
dred and two. The number of persons—native
white population—in the fifteen slave States who
cannot read and write is five hundred and sixty-
eight thousand two hundred and forty-eight. The
number of native population in the fifteen free
States who cannot read and write is two hundred
and seventy-eight thousand three hundred and
seventy-five.
Now, passing these figures, I desire to call the
attention of the committee for a moment to some
other facts; and in passing, I wish to make a ref-
erence to the State of Texas. I hold in my hand
a paper characterized certainly by very groat sim-
plicity of language, and no doubt entitled to re-
ceive the consideration of every member of the
House. Here is a State which came into the
Union in 1844.
Mr. REAGAN. In 1846.
Mr. BURROUGHS. In 1846. T had 1844 in
my mind, because I recollect very well that I la-
boied on the stump for "Polk and Texas" that
year. I expected, when Texas came into this
Union, that she would have had the kindness to
bear with our section of the Union a little. T welve
years ago, when Texas was young, and needed
our help, we bought her lands and fought her bat-
tles; but now she has grown to be a Hercules, and
says that, unless wc admit slavery into Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution, she will not
1j ve with us any longer. That would boa nice spec-
ulation for her, to get us to expend $200,000,000 on
her account, and then to back out of iho Union,
and complain of our sectionalism and selfishness.
Here, sir, is an example of gratitude! magnanim-
ity! without a parallel m history—'Without a par-
allel among the nations of the world, Christian or
savage.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me ?
Mr. BURROUGHS. I would be glad to oblige
the gentleman, but I cannotyicld. I have no time
to spare. Texas, I was going on to say, has
passed resolutions; I will not say they are defiant,
I will not say they are threatening, I will not say
that Texas will not come down on us with an
avalanche of some sort, if we do not admit Kan-
sas into the Union under the Lecompton consti-
tution. Texas will do—I know not what. Cer-
tainly, she has adopted resolutions, and is going
to be represented in the southern convention (if
held.) What that southern convention is to do,
I do not know.
I did not intend, Mr. Chairman, to have made a
Iong*speech to-day; but at the hazard of wanting
time for other points which I wish to present, I
must refer to these Texas resolutions; and trust to
the magnanimity of gentlemen to extend my time
as I was happy to do in the case of the gentleman
who preceded me, [Mr. Clemens.] I intended to
present some few facts on which to base the jus-
tice of our cause. I intended to present these few
facts, and to claim for them magnanimous con-
sideration. We have got twice the amount of
population that you have, and have got but half
the quantity of land. This land was bought by
the common treasure, Northland South; and it
should be fairly divided. I might rather say that
the earth belongs to the people on it; and that no
one section has a right to monopolize and keep
it to the exclusion of every other class. Yot^have
in the single State of Texas territory equal to six
times that of the State of New York. On that
territory you can support no less than fifteen mil-
lion human beings. You have got there territory
large enough for four States, on which there are
comparatively no white settlements; and yet you
now stand in your place in the halls of your Le-
gislatureandsay that you cannot live in the Union
with the North unless we consent to let Kansas
come in as a slave State.
I cannot make any comment on this. It does
not tally with my notions of justice and proprie-
ty, and I believe that when yon come back to the
sober second thought you will agree with us in
our opinion, and you will say that we are entitled
to these lands in Kansas.
" Proceedings of the Democratic State Convention.
<*' Austin, Texas, January 8, 1858.
" On motion of Colonel L. T. Wigl'all, the following plat-
form was adopted:
Resolved, That the Democratic paity of the State of
Texas heat lily concur in, and u.iammouslv reaffirm, the
punciplcs of the Demociatic paity of the Union and the
Constitution, as embodied in the platform ot the national
Democratic convention, held in Cincinnati, in June. 1856,
and the State convention ot Texas, at Waco, on the 4th of
May, 1857, as a true expression of their pohucal faith and
opinion, believwgtiiem to embrace the onl> doctrines which
can pieservc the integrity of the Union and the equal right*
of the States.
u Resolved, That recent events in the United States Sen-
ate create in our minds a serious appiehen&ion that the great
doetiine of non intervention, a<? set forth in that platform,
is in danger of being repudiated by Congress through the in-
strumentality of members of the national Democratic party,
dn-tmguishedahkeforthcirpohtical influence over the pub-
lic sentiment of the North, and their past declarations in fa- '
vor of said doctrine; and that we now consider it otn duty
to set fotth to the country the course that we shall be coin *
pelled to take in that seiious and deplorable, emergency.
" Resolved, That we request the representatives of the
people of Texa^m Legislatuic asbcmblefl, to provide, at the
piesont fcssion, lor the Executive of the State appointing
suitable delegates to a convention of the southern States,
which may be hereafter assembled tor the purpose of con-
sultation and advice for the general welfare ot the institu-
tions of the South.
"Mr. Brown offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the chairman appoint one member from
each judicial distnct as members of the State Deinocxattc
commitieo.
" Tending which, the convention, on motion of Mr. Brit-
ton, adjourned to Monday, three o'clock, p. m."
" Monday, three o'clock, p. m.
"Convention met—toll called—quorum present.
" The Chair announced that the question before the con-
vention was the motion of Mr. Biown appointing the State
Democratic committee.
"Mr. Itamey moved to amend by adding, * the chairman
of which shall reside m the eitv of Anmn ' Adopted.
a Mr. moved that each judicial disiiict meet and
designate the name of the paity they wish to act for their
respective districts; which motion, it was moved, should
lie on the table; hut the president informing the conven-
tion that he wished that course pursued, it vva«? adopted.
"General T. J. Chambers offered the following isola-
tion •
" Beit resolved hi/ the Democratic Convention of Texas,
non' assembled in the Capitol of the State, That whereas, the
mtegial paits of the Pedeial fcrovernment of the United
States of America, are free, independent, and sovereign
States, which, for special purposes, have delegated to that
Government a portion oi thoir sovereignty, reserving to
themselves, oi lo the people, all rights and powers not spe-
cially delegated ; and wheieas, one of the leserved rights
ia that of resuming the power delegated to that Government
whenevei they maybe pei verted to the injury or oppression
of any of the States, or whenever any ot' the States may
consider that their happiness, their prospenty,oi their safety
may requne it; and whereas that Government, m the
admission of new States, has no power to interfere in any
manner with the domestic institutions or internal organiza-
tion of such States, except toguaianty to them aiepubhean
lorm of Government, and whereas, the people ot Kansas
have formed and adopted a State constitution, seeming to
themselves and to their pobteiitv the blessings of a repub-
lican foiin ol government, with the domestic institution of
slavery; tbcioibio this convention solemnly deelaies that
any action upon the pair oftheConsres-s of the United States
tendum to embarrass, delay, and defeat the admission of
that new State <is a member of the American Union, under
any pretext whatever, referable to the question of slavery,
would be a usutpationof power, and aviolation of the com-
pact of the Union; and in such event, our Senators and
