1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2127
Arkansas, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, PoJk, Sebastian, Sli-
de!!, Toomlv*, Wright, and Yulee—19.
NAYS—Most-is. Allen, Benjamin, Broderick, Cameron,
Chandler, Claik, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Duikee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Male, Hamlin, Harlan. Jones, Kin?,
Pngh, Seward, Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Tiumbull, and
Wade—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. Now I offer my amendment,
which I*before sent to the Secretary's desk; with
an addition, suggested by the Senator from Min-
nesota.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is
in section one, lines fourteen to sixteen inclusive,
to strike out the words "any of the said lands
which will belong to the United States after the
Indians shall have made their selections, as pro-
vided by the said treaty," and insert:
Such of the said lands covered by timber as are most
contiguous to the present mission tract, and which r-hall ic-
tnaui after the Indians MiaH have made their selections, as
piovided by said tieaty afore-aul, ami not upon any land*
in the actual occupation of bona fide --ettleis.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurjed m.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the thud time.
Mr. MASON. The effect of this bill, what-
ever its object may be, certainly will be to place
a religious society, whether incot puratcd or not I
do not know, in the place of citizens of the coun-
try, in reference to the public lands, to allow them
to be held in mortmain for some religious or elee-
mosynary purpose. I cannot conceive a more
unfortunate poiicy to be adopted in any country,
and one that I should be reluctant if it could ever
be supposed my humble name was connected with
on the records of legislation. I ask, therefore,
that the vote be taken on the passage of the bill
by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2D, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Mitels. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bialer, £rod-
prick, CaiiK-K.n, Chandler. (Jlaik, Collamer, Divou, Doo-
little, DuiKco, Fes-enden, Foot. Fostet, Hale. IJam]in, liai-
lan, Joric^, king, Pearec. Pupil. Seward, SSneUi-vinnmons,
fcrtuart, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—i-. Brown, Clay, Fitzpirriek. Gteen, Ham-
mond, llendei^on, Houston, Hunter. Jolm^oii of Atkai.-a-*,
Malloiy, Ma^on, Polk, Sebastian. ^hdell,Toombs, \Vii ht,
and Yuiee—17
So the bill was passed.
JA.\E SIUITH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 87) from the Couit of Claims, for the relief
of Jane Smith, of the county of Clermont, State
ot Ohio.
Mr. POLK. I w ill state to the Senate that the
bill No. 87, and the next bill, No. 88, for the
rfelicf of Lucinda Pvobmson, were reported by me
from the Committee on Claims; but 1 have learned
this morning that it is tin; desire of the parties
that those bills should be passed over. I there-
fore move to postpone this bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
LUCINDA ROBINSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 88) for the relief of Luanda Robinson, of
the county of Orleans, State of Vermont.
Mr. POLK. I make the same motion m regard
to that bill. /
The bill was passed over. ^ J
GEORGE ASHLEY. W
The bill (S. No. 89) from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of George Ashley, administrator de
honh noil of Samuel Hnlgate, deceased, was con-
.sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for the payment to Geors;^ Ashley, admin-
istrator de bonis non of Samuel Holirate, deceased,
of $996 01, being in full for certain planks and
boards and other property of Samuel Holgate,
seized by Commodore MoDonough, on Lake
Champlain, in the year 1814.
Mr. PUGH. 1 understand that, that gentle-
man's chum appears to be this: Tie was detected
in the act of supplying the enemy, and his prop-
erty was seized and taken into a district ot the
United States, libeled in admiralty, and con-
demned; but the point he makes i«,^that it was
condemned m the wrong district, ihat is the
whole of it. it is admitted that if it had bceii taken
into the district of Vermont, instead of the district
of New YorK -
Mr. COLLAMER. He does not admit that it ;
has been condemned.
Mr. PUGH. It is admitted by the court that
if it had been taken into the district on the other
side of the lake, it would have been rightly con-
demned, and he would have had no claim; but,
inasmuch as it was taken into the wron^ district,
he has a claim against us. I do not think it is a
claim which appeals to the favorable considera-
tion of Congiess, and I think v/e had better defeat
the bill.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Ohio is
somewhat mistaken when he asserts in regard to
this party, that he admits if the case had been
decided in the proper court, it would have been
properly decided. The petitioner admits no such
thing; nor is there any evidence whatever as re-
ported in the decision of the Court of Claims that
this man was detected in trading with the enemy.
His vessel, loaded with timber, was seized upon
the Like passing fi om one poi t of the United States
to another, under a contract for the delivery of
timber in the United States. It was seized while
passing from Milton, m Vermont, to Chazy, in
New York.
Mr. COLLAMER. It was a raft of timber that
was seized.
Mr. 1VERSON. Somebody had entered into
an engagement or a contract with him to supply
timber in paiticular places in the United States.
He was in the discharge of that contract, going
from one port of the United States to another,
when his laft was seized upon the lake. He was j
not trading with the enemy, nor was he within :
twelve or fifteen miles, as I understand, of any i
port in Canada belonging to the jurisdiction of
Great Britain. The property was seized and car-
ried into New York, and there it was libeled and
finally condemned as proper prize, upon the alle-
gation that it was engaged in an illicit intercourse
and trade with the enemy, but that couit had no
jurisdiction. If the Senatoi from Ohio will look
to the statute on the subject, he wiil be satisfied
that the court in New York had no jurisdiction,
because the jurisdiction is conferred only on the
court in the district whore the ci ime is perpetrated.
The proper court was the one in Ve:nio>if, not in
New York. The court m New York, however,
assumed jurisdici ion with out having any conferred
upon it by the law, and the party was not there
to defend his case. The property was brought up
and libeled in a court that had no jurisdiction,
and of course the whole proceedings were null and
void, and did not bind this pai ty or affect the ques-
tion at all. That is the case, as stated in the re-
port.
The court had no jurisdiction, and having; no
jurisdiction, of course the property was illegally
and improperly condemned. It was, however,
sold, and purchased by an agent of the Govern-
ment, and went into Government use. The Gov-
ernment used the timber to make fortifications at
'Plattsburg. The commandmgoiiiccr of the Amei-
ican forces desired it to be used, and did use it
fur the benefit of the United States; and now the
question is, whether this party suffered damage
to the amount of the value of that timber. So far
as the evidence is disclosed on the face of these
proceedings, there was no testimony whatever
that he was engaged in an illicit trade, but it was
carried into a court having no jurisdiction of the
case, there an ex parte proceeding was earned on,
and the property was condemned and sold. All
he asks is, that the amount of money for which
the propeity sold shall be refunded to him. The
Court of Claims have decided in his favor on an
impartial hearing of the case, and th" Committee
on Claims, after a careful examination, concur
that the money ought to be refunded. They re-
port no interest, but the simple payment of the
value of the propeity taken by the United States,
and used by the Government m its operations
at Plattsburg; and m the opinion of the Committee
on Claims, and the Court of Claims, illegally and
improperly condemned. Under these circum-
stances, H seems to be a fair claim. I fee! no per-
; sonal interest m any of these matters; but this is
1 one of those cases that have undeigone the inves-
' ligation of the Court of Claims; and I wish to make
one statement to the Senate in relation to the cases
' which have been brought before that court. What
credit is to be given, what weight is to be given
to the decision of that court? Here is a case that
, has hern sent to the Court of Claims under the
law which establishes that tribunal. They have
gone into an examination of the facts and the law
of the case, and they have come to the conclusion
that this party is entitled to relief, and have re-
ported a bill in his favor. Is no credit, no faith,
no weight, to be given to their report? Is every
case they decide to be taken up and reversed ? It
is a question the Senate must decide, as to how
far the decisions of the Court of Claims are to be
authority to guide and control their action.
I have considered the subjcct to some extent;
and the rule I have laid down for myself is, that
whenever the Court of Claims have decided a case
favorably to the claimant, and reported a bill for
his relief, I will give to that petitioner the benefit
of all doubts I may have; and I will not in any
case oppose the decision of the court, unless I am
clearly satisfied, beyond reasonable dispute, that
the decision was wrong. I will not be controlled
conclusively in every case by the decision; be-
cause that court may err as well as other courts,
and I must exercise my judgment m ascertaining
| whether the court have decided right or wrong;
| but unless it is a very clear case against the de-
i cision of the court, I feel it my duty to conform
| to their decision; or else why establish the court
| at all r If the decisions of the court are to pass for
nothing, then it is unnecessary to incur the ex-
pense which the court involves every year, and
we had better do away with it. On the other
hand, when the couit have decided adversely to a
claim which the party has had every opportunity
to have investigated and decided on fair, legal,
andequitable principles before that court, forone,
I am not disposed to reverse the decision. I think
the proper rule for Congress to establish in such
cases is that where there is an ad\ erse report from
the Court of Claims, that ought to be conclusive
against the claimant. If he lias had his day in
court, if he has had a fair opportunity of being
heard, and has had his case decided by an emi-
nent, faithful, and able judicial tribunal, upon the
testimony collated on both sides, I think he ought
to be satisfied with th?U decision, and not be per-
mitted to open the case a^am in Congress. There-
fore, unless it is a voiy strong case, one which
involves corruption, or one which arises upon
other evidence that has been discovered subse-
quent to the decision of the Court of Claims, I
would not be disposed to reverse or reopen any
decision of that couit adverse to a claimant. So
on the other hand, although I admit that Con-
giefs is not bound by the decisions of the Court
of Claims where they are favorable to claimants,
because in appropriating money we must assume
the jurisdiction of reviewing the decision to some
extent, still I think we ought to give credence and
credit to the decision of the court, and accord to
the party the benefits of that decision, unless a
clear, unequivocal case is made out that the court
have decided wrong. This is a case where the
court, after patient investigation, have decided in
favor of the claimant; and I confess I have seen
nothing which shakes my confidence in the pio-
priety of the decision, and therefore I go for the
claim. I feel no personal interest in the mat-
ter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have looked over this re-
poet; I am in the ha! ;f, as these private claims
come u p, of looking at the reports; and I must say
that there is a very loose practice now in theSen-
I ate by which the reports from our Committee on
: Claims, based on the decisions of the Court of
Claims, aic brought before us without the decis-
| ion of the court accompanying the bill, so as to
render it exceedingly inconvenient to get at the
; facts. T have looked at this case; I think it is
entirely wiong; and I will state m a few words
why.
A claim is here made for the value of certain
1 lumber, taken during the last war by Commodore
McDonough, and used for fortifying purposes
! upon Lake Clumplciin. it app<>ais that for a se-
ries of yetus this claim was presented to Congress,
' and uniformly i\ jociod. The schooner which con-
veyed this timber, with some other naval stores,
was hbeW in the district court of New "York, and
1 condemned upon the ground that it was engaged
in commerce with the enemy. The Court of
' Claims sets aside anv effect that the decree might
' be supposed to have, upon the ground that the
, New "York court had no jurisdiction of thcclaim,
i inasmuch as the seizure was made within those
: waters which were peculiarly appropriate to the
