THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirtt-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1857.
New Series. ...No. 3.
formed by that convention should be submitted
to the people for ratification Or rejection, and, if
not confirmed by a majority of the people, should
be null and void, without coming to Congress for
approval.
Not only did the National Government and
the territorial government so understand the law
at the time, but, as I have already stated, the
people of the Territory so understood it. As a
further evidence on that point, a large number, if
not a majority, of the delegates were instructed
in the nominating conventions to submit the con-
stitution to the people for ratification. I know
that the delegates from Douglas county, eight in
number, Mr. Calhoun, president of the conven-
tion, being among them, were not only instructed
thus to submit the question, but they signed and
published, while candidates, a written pledge that
they would submit it to the people for ratification.
I know that men, high in authority and in the
confidence of the territorial and National Govern-
ment, canvassed every part of Kansas during the
election of delegates, and each oneofthem pledged
himself to the people that no snap judgment was
to be taken; that the constitution was to be sub-
mitted to the people for acceptance or rejection;
that it would be void unless that was done; that
the Administration would spurn and scorn it as a
violation of the principles on which it came into j
power, and that a Democratic Congress would
hurl it from their presence as an insult to Dem-
ocrats who stood pledged to see the people left
free to form their domestic institutions for them-
selves.
Not only that, sir, but up to the time when the
convention assembled, on the 1st of September,
so far as I can learn, it was understood every- i
where that the constitution was to be submitted j
for ratification or rejection. They met, however, ;
on the 1st of September, and adjourned until j
after the October election. I think it was wise j
and prudent that they should thus have adjourned. [
They did not wish to bring any question into j
that election which would divide the Democratic j
party, and weaken our chances of success in the ]
election. I was rejoiced when I saw that they
did adjourn, so as not to show their hand on any
question that would divide and distract the party
until after the election. During that recess, while ;
the convention was adjourned, Governor Ransom, 1
the Democratic candidate for Congress, running j
against the present Delegate from that Territory, i
was canvassing every part of Kansas in favor of
the doctrine of submitting the constitution to the \
people, declaring that the Democratic party were in j
favor of such submission, and that it was a slander ;
of the Black Republicans to intimate the charge \
that the Democratic party did not intend to carry !
out that pledge m good faith. Thus, up to the
time of the meeting of the convention, in October j
last, the pretense was kept up, the profession j
was openly made, and believed by me, and I :
thought believed by them, that the convention j
intended to submit a constitution to the people, j
and not to attempt to put a government in opera-
tion without such submission. The election I
being over, the Democratic party being defeated
by an overwhelming vote, the Opposition having
triumphed, and got possession of both branches
of the Legislature, and having elected their terri-
torial Delegate, the convention assembled, and
then proceeded to complete their work.
Now let us stop to inquire how they redeemed
the pledge to submit the constitution to the peo-
ple. They first go on and make a constitution.
Then they make a schedule, in which they pro-
vide that the constitution, on the 21st of Decem-
ber—the present month—shall be submitted to
all the bona fi.de inhabitants of the Territory on
that day, for their free acceptance or rejection, in
the following manner, to wit:—thus acknowledg-
ing that they were bound to submit it to the will
of the people, conceding that they had no right to
put it into operation without submitting it to the
people, providing in the instrument that it should
take effect from and after the date of its ratifica-
tion, and not before; showing that the constitu-
2
tion derives its vitality, in their estimation* not
from the authority of the convention, but from
that vote of the people to which it was to be sub-
mitted for their free acceptance or rejection. How-
is it to be submitted? It shall be submitted in
this form: " Constitution with slavery or consti-
tution with no slavery." All men must vote for
the constitution, whether they like it or not, in or-
der to be permitted to vote for or against slavery.
Thus a constitution made by a convention that
had authority to assemble and petition for a re-
dress of grievances, but not to establish a gov-
ernment—a constitution made under a pledge of
honor that it should be submitted to the people
before it took effect; a constitution which pro-
vides, on its face, that it shall have no validity
except what it derives from such submission—is
submitted to the people at an election where all
men are at liberty to come forward freely with-
out hinderance and vote for it, but no man is per-
mitted to record a vote against it.
That would be as fair an election as some of
the enemies of Napoleon attributed to him when
he was elected First Consul. He is said to have
called out his troops and had them reviewed by
his officers with a speech, patriotic and fair in its
professions, in which he said to them: " Now, my
soldiers, you are to go to the election and vote
freely just as you please. If you vote for Napo-
leon, all is well; rote against him, and you are
to be instantly shot." That was a fair election.
[Laughter.] This election is to be equally fair.
All men in favor of the constitution may vote for
it—all men against it shall not vote at all. Why
not let them vote against it? I presume you
have asked many a man this question. I have
asked a very large number of the gentlemen who
framed the constitution, quite a number of del-
egates, and a still larger number of persons who
are their friends, and I have received the same j
answer from every one of them. I never received j
any other answer, and I presume we never shall
get any other answer. What is that? They
say if they allowed a negative vote the constitu-
tion would have beee voted down by an over-
whelming majority, and hence the fellows shall
not be allowed to vote at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, that may be true. It is no part
of my purpose to deny the proposition.that that ;
constitution would have been voted down if sub- 1
mitted to the people. I believe it would have j
been'voted down by a majority of four to one. I i
am informed by men well posted there—Demo-
ciats—that it would be voted down by ten to one; [
some say by twenty to one. |
But is it a good reason why you should declare j
it in force, without being submitted to the people, '•
merely because it would have been voted down '
by five to one if you had submitted it' What '
does that fact prove ? Does it not show undem- j
ably that an overwhelming majouty of the people '
of Kansas are unalterably opposed to that con- i
stitution? Will yoti force it on them against'
their will simply because they would have voted j
it down if you had consulted them ? If you will, '
are you going to force it upon them under the i
plea of leaving them perfectly free to form and :
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way ? Is that the mode ill winch lam called upon
to carry out the principle of self-government and i
popular sovereignty in the Territories—to force
a constitution on the people against their will, in j
opposition to their protest, with a knowledge of j
the fact, and then to assign, as a reason for my j
tyranny, that they would be so obstinate and so I
perverse as to vote down the constitution if I i
had given them an opportunity to be consulted !
about it? j
Sir, 1 deny your right or mine to inquire of j
these people what their objections to that eonsti- \
tution are. They have a right to judge for them- i
solves whether they like or dislike it. It is no i
answer to tell me that the constitution is a good j
one and unobjectionable. It is not satisfactory j
to me to have the President say in his message |
that that constitution is an admirable one, like all j
the constitutions of the ne w States that have been 1
recently formed. Whether good or bad, whether
obnoxious or not, is none of my business - and
none of yours. It is their business and notours.
I care not what they have in their constitution, so
that it suits them and does not violate the Con-
stitution of the United States and the funda-
mental principles of liberty upon which our
institutions rest. I am not going to argue the
question whether the banking system established
in that constitution is wise or unwise. It says
there shall be no monopolies, but there shall
be one bank of issue in the State, with two
branches. All I have to say on that point is, if
they want a banking system let them have it; if
they do not want it let them prohibit it. If they
want a bank with two branches, be it so; if they
want twenty it is none of my business, and it
matters not to me whether one of them shall be
on the north side and the other on the south side
of the Kaw river, or where they shall be.
While I have no right to expect to be consult-
ed on that point, I do hold that the people of
Kansas have the right to be consulted and to de-
cide it, and you have no rightful authority to de-
prive them of that privilege. It is no justifica-
tion, in my mind, to say that the provisions for
the eligibility for the offices of Governor and
Lieutenant Governor require twenty years' citi-
zenship in the United States. If men think that
no person should vote or hold office until he has
been here twenty years they have a right to think
so; and if a majority of the people of Kansas
think that no man of foreign birth should vote or
hold office unless he has lived there twenty years,
it is their right to say so, and I have no right to
interfere with them; it is their business, not mine;
but if I lived there I should not be willing to have
that provision in the constitution without being
heard upon the subject, and allowed to record my
protest against it.
I have nothing to say about their system of
taxation, in which they have gone back and re-
sorted to the old exploded system that we tried
in Illinois, but abandoned because we did not like
it. If they wish to try it and get tired of it and
abandon it, be it so; but if I were a citizen of
Kansas I would profit by the experience of Illi-
nois on that subject, and defeat itif I could. Yet
I have no objection to their having it if they want
it; it is their business, not mine.
So it is in regard to the free negroes. They pro-
vide that no free negro shall be permitted to live
in Kansas. I suppose they have a right to say so
if they choose; but if I lived theie I should want
to vote on that question. We, in Illinois, provide
that no more shall come there. We say to the
other States, "Take care of your own free negroes
and we will take care of ours." But we do not say
that the neeroes now there shall not be permitted
tolivein Illinois; and I think the people of Kansas
ought to have the right to say whether they will
allow them to live there, and if they arenotgomg
to do so, how they are to dispose of them.
So you may go on with all the different clauses
of the constitution. They may be all right; they
may be all wrong. That is a question on which
my opinion is worth nothing. The opinion of
the wise and patriotic Chief Magistrate of the
United States is not worth anything as against
that of the people of Kansas, for they have a
right to judge for themselves; and neither Presi-
dents, nor Senates, nor Houses of Representa-
tives , nor any other power outside of Kansas, has
a right to judge for them. Hence it is no justi-
fication, iii my mind, for the violation of a great
principle of self-government, to say that the con-
stitution you are forcing on them is not particu-
larly obnoxious, or is excellent in its provisions.
Perhaps, sir, the same thing might be said of
the celebrated Topeka constitution. 1 do not rec-
ollect its ppculiar provisions. I know one thing:
we Democrats, we Nebraska men, would not
even look into it to see what its provisions were.
Why? Because we said it was made by a polit-
ical party, and not by the people; that it was
made in defiance of the authority of Congress;
that if it was as pure as the Bible, as holy as the
