1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
35th Cong....1st Sess. Conflict between Religious Truth and American Injidelity—Mr. Giddings, Ho. of Reps.
THE CONFLICT BETWEEN REHIGIOUS TRUTH
AND AMERICAN INFIDELITY.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 26, 1858,
Upon the great issue of freedom or slavery pend-
ing before the American people.
[WRITTEN OUT BY HIMSELF.*]
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. GIDDINGS said:
Mr. Chairman: Questions of mere economy,
those which relate to banks, to internal improve-
ments, or protective tariffs, no longer occupy the
public mind. These subjects have given place to
questions of more transcendent importance, to
those winch relate to the rights of mankind, to the
religious, moral, and political elevation of our
race. The discussion of these subjects has in all
past time been attended with agitation and ex-
citement. It brings the rights of the people into
conflict with despotism, whatever may be the
form of government under which the discussion
takes place. Such is now the condition of this
mighty nation; our Union is shaken to its very
centcr by the agitation of great and undying
truths. Our Government is vibrating between
freedom and tyranny, and it becomes us thor-
oughly to examine the religious basis on which
we found our political action.
Tflc late message of the President in relation to
Kansas is without precedent in the history of
executive communications to this body, its tone
of contempt for the people of that Territory finds
no precedent in our Government; while the lan-
guage of the people of Kansas, expressed by
her Legislature, is most extraordinary for sover-
eigns to use towaids a servant already arraigned
befoie the tribunal of the popular mind for high
crimes and misdemeanors.
Under these circumstances, I have thought that
the best, service I can render the people on the
present occasion would bo to analyze the subject
which now absorbs the popular mind; and, so far !
as able,to define the issue now pending before the
nation.
That issue is founded upon fundamental reli-
gious truths, which are maintained by one polit-
ical party and denied by the other.
Immediately after the last Congress adjourned,
the men who wield the judicial and executive
powers of Government publicly denied the great
primal doctrine of our Government," thai all men
are endoioed by their Creator with inherent, equal,
and inalienable rightsThey essayed to obliter-
ate the line of demarcation drawn "by our patriot
fathers between the despotisms of a darker age,
and the rights of mankind as understood in this
nineteenth century.
The annual message of the President, in its
leading positions and in its details, wholly disre-
gards those rights of human nature, and speaks
of men created in the image of God, with undy-
ing spirits, with eternal destinies, as transformed
into property, in direct contradiction of those truths
which the American people have long regarded as
" self-evident."
it will bo my object to render this issue more
distinctly obvious. Its importance is tumseend-
ent; and. however fully other gentlemen may hove
appreciated it, I feel constrained to admit that I
have failed to comprehend its vastness, or set
bounds to the consequences naturally resulting
from its decision; yet every member of society
is bound to examine and to act upon his own
responsibility.
Our fathers, recognizing God as the author of
human life, proclaimed it a "self-evident" truth
thateveryhumanbemgholds from thcCrt'dtovan
inalienable right to live, to sustain and protect
life, attain knowledge, elevate his moral nature,
nnd enjoy happiness.
These prerogatives were recognized as "gifts
cf God/' lying behind and above human legis-
lation; and the founders of our institutions pro-
ceeded to declare that governments are instituted
'For the original vcpoit, payc i
New Series—No. 5.
f Cung. Globe.
among men to secure their enjoyment. Thus
our Republic was founded on religious truth, and
it was thus far emphatically a religious Govern-
ment. It has ever been sustained by the religious
sentiment of the nation; and it will only fail when
this element shall be discarded by the people.
The attempt now made to overthrow these reli-
gious truths demands the severest condemnation.
There are but few men who openly deny the ex-
istence of a Supreme Being, or that He is clothed
with the attributes of infinite wisdom, truth, and
justice; or that men are religious in degree as
they bring themselves into hcumony with those
divine qualities, make them their own, and as-
similate their characters to that of Deity. This is
the sense in which J use the term " religion." 1
do not speak as a sectarian. Indeed, sectarians
do not regard membership as religion, but merely
as the evidence of religious feeling on the part of
the individual. All admit that those who are wise,
truthful, just, and pure, of all denominations, and
men who, possessing these attributes, belong to
no particular sect, are the truly religious men of
earth.
I will here remark that I am conscious this ex-
amination of the religious character of our Gov-
crnmentwill subject me to the criticisms of all who '
deny the existence of man's inalienable rights: I
they will insist that an examination of the reli- :
gious character of our institutions is unsuited to |
this forum; that laymen should not tread on this '•
holy ground; but I assert, if there be a place on i
earth where religion, where wisdom and truth and j
justice and purity of purpose, should beob&erud i
and practiced, this Ilcdl constitutes that place. It*
there be a class of men on earth who ought to be j
religious, who ought to be wise and truthful nnd
just and pure of purpose, the members of this ;
body ought to sustain that character. i
I repeat, we all acknowledge the existence of a 1
Supreme Being; that he is the Cieator; that we !
are brought into life by His wi!i. At this point, 1
the American people separate into two great par-
ties—one holding that sovereignty dwells alone >
with the Creator, and not with men; that kings,
potentates, and all human governments, are sub- !
jected to the " higher law" of the Creator, and '
authorized to legislate only for the protection of ;
the rights which God has conferred on mankind. J
Another port ion deny the existence of this "higher .
law," and insist upon the perfect and unlimited ,
sovereignty of human Governments over the i
lives and liberties of the people. To be more j
explicit on this point, I will lemark that the re- j
Jigious portion hold, that, as God gave life to !
the human race, lie conferred on each a right to
that liberty which is necessary to become wise, j
truthful, just, and pure; to bring himself into har- 1
mony with the law of God, and enjoy the happi- '
ness resulting therefrom; that those rights are >
equally self-evident as the existence of our race; i
that they are inherent, inalienable, and common to j
all men; that they constitute the great moral hga- -
ment which binds man to ins Creator, connects ■
earth with heaven, and unites the human race in
one common hrutheihood, bound by the most
sacred obligations to love, revere, and obey our !
Universal i'Vuheu Of the possession of these
lights evrsy s"ntiunt b<ung is conscious. When
God created man, and breathed into him the breath "
nf hie, when man became a living soul, this con-
sciousness formed a part of his moral naJrre; and
nevei, in any aj>e or in any clime, has man. even
in his rudest, his most barbarous state, been un-
eonsciousof ins right to live, to nourish, and pro-
tect life, and seek Ins own happiness.
These rights constitute an ekmci't of the hu-
man soul; they cannot be alienatrd by the indi-
vidual; nor can any association of men, or any
earthly power, separate the humblest of the hu-
man race from them. Men may rob their fellow-
man of the food which he gathers for his own
support; they may deprne him of the power of
self-defense; they may bind his limbs and scourgc
his body; they may prevent him from attaining
knowledge; but his right to the food which he
gathers, to defend his person, to attain knowl-
edge, will remain unchanged. Their crimes will
in no degiee affect his right* _ j
This relation of man to the Creator is repudi- ,
ated bya portion of the American people. They ;
deny that we hold any inalienable rights from 1
God, They deny that the right to live, to pro-
tect life, ana to attain moral elevation and happi-
ness, is derived from Heaven, or is superior to
human enactments. The denial of these funda-
mental religious truths T can characterize by no
other term than " American infidelity." This issue
literally separates the religious from the infidel
portion of our people. In using this language, I
do not seek to cast opprobrium upon those who
honestly disbelieve the religious truths which
Jefferson and Adams and Franklin and their as-
sociates termed "self-evident." I have no un-
kind feeling towards them. I regard them as
j brethren, entitled to my best wishes, my earnest
: prayers; and I apply the term "infidel"to them
as the only expression by which I can charac-
terize them as a class.
The outworking of this great primal issue is
witnessed in almost every important question that
comes before Congress. One portion of the mem-
bers adhere to the central proposition, that man
holds natural and inalienable rights from the Cre-
ator, which arc not to be invaded by human en-
actments; that they cannot be violated except by
incurring the penalties of that law which waa
ordained by Him who bestowed them upon our
race; that every individual who invades these
rights of his fellow-man is guilty of crime, and
j should be punished accordingly; that all human
| enactments professing to authorize the invasion
of these rights arc outside the just powers of hu-
man governments,are impious invasions of God's
prerogatives, aie despotic in their charactcr, im-
pose no moral obligation upon any individual, but
involve those who enact and those who support
them in the same degree of guilt with those who
perpetrate the crimcs; that such statutes can in no
degree modify the moral guilt of those who tram-
ple upon the rights which God has bestowed upon
their fellow-men. The other portion of the Amer-
ican people, maintaining a corresponding infidel-
ity, deny the existence of these rights, deny that
God has bestowed them upon mankind; they claim
unlimited sovereignty for human governments
over human rights.
But I desire to call attention to some of those
specific rights which are included in the general
proposition. Christians and patriots hold life
to be the g ift of God. They regard it sacred; they
look upon its invasion as a crime; that, as the
Creator bestows existence upon those who bear
His image, it becomes the duty of individuals,
of associations, and of governments, to protect
eu^h and every human being in the enjoyment
of life; that at this point human legislation com-
mences, limited in its appropriate powers to the
protection of life, and not to its destruction; that
human governments hold no other rightful pow-
ers in regard to life than to protect its enjoyment;
that the execution of pirates and murderers,
and those who invade our country, is allowed
only for the purpose of protecting society; that
these powers are ordained of God, sanctioned by
religion, by philosophy, by the common sense
of mankind. They believe that that command
which was proclaimed from Sinai in tones of
thunder, saying to every human being, " Thou
shat,t not kill," was truly the voice of God;
that it is repeated in all His works and in every
revelation of Himself, and is binding on all our
race. This commandment of God, this entire
doctrine, is denied by the President and by all
American infidels: And this constitutes the first
collateral issue.
In our slaveholding communities enactments
have been passed, and are now supported, pro-
fessing to authorize masters to murdertheir slaves.
For instance, in those States the slave is denied
the right of self-defense; the right to protect his
life or his person. If he attempt to defend him-
self against the master, the master is authorized
to slay him in any manner he may be able; if he
run from the master, after being ordered to stop,
the master js authorized to shoot him; if he die
under the scourge, the master is not held respons-
ible. American infidels believe that no moral tur-
pitude attaches to these statutory murders; while
Christians hold that God's moral lav/ remains
unchanged by such enactments; that the guilt of
the murderer is in no degree modified by such
statutes: that the perpetrator stands unvaifed be-
fore God and ail good men, guilty as he would be
