1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12.
if their cottduct is not in accordance with the
oWercrf the House, it is & question of privilege for
member of the House to call the attention of
the Hotn& to the fact, that the error or disobe-
dience nlay be corrected.
In the other cases cited, where it is alleged that
#o fiir does the rule go that a member has no
right to allude in debate to what ha& transpired
fh committee, #ith all deference to the opinion of
tftei Ch&ir, it Strikes me that they have no rele-
t&hty to this case at all. They are dragged in,
incidentally. They have no relation to the ques-
tion before the House. Here the Whole question
Jftfore the House is the very thing itself. There
is no other question, but whether the proceedings
of the committee, when presented to the House,
&S I ask they shall be, will show the facts which
I risfe in my place and inform the House exists.
As to the authority on this point, it is true that
tKe proceeding in committee cannot, as a general
ftile, be alluded to in debate:
il 1731. Where, how.ever, a motion is made, relative to
tile comfriittee itself, or its proceedings, the rule admits of
an exception,. Thug, whore a committee on a private bill
had brought its proceedings and its existence to a close, be-
fore makiug a report, by an adjournment without (lav, and
a motion was made that the committee be revived arid pro-
ceed with the business referred to it, a discussion ensued as
to the extent to which the proceedings of the committee
could regularly be stated or introduced as a ground for the
motion, in which the Speaker [Mr. Manners Sutton] said,< it
was difficult to lay down a strict rule as to the statements
which might be made of transactions in a committee,' but
that if it was necessary to read from or introduce the min-
utes of their proceedings, 'the regular course was first to
move the House that the minutes be pioduced;' and it was
agreed that ftvery member who had attended an open com-
mittee might state in his place what Had occurred there, and
that what had occurred in the committee murhtbe stated, to
lay a ground for the production of the minutes, though the
minutes themselves could not be read until regularly before
the House."—Cusking's Law and Practice, p. 169.
Well, now, sir, what is the motion here? I
roovc for leave to present the minutes of the com-
mittee. I make a statement to the House, that
the committee has not discharged the duties de-
volved on it by the order of the House, and I ask
to present the minutes of the committee to show
the correctness of the position I take. The prop-
osition Which I make is in substance the propo-
sition quoted in Cushing's Law and Practice of
Legislative Assemblies, from which I have just
read, that, when the subject presented relates to
the action of the committee, I have the right to
refer to the action of .that committee; but that is
the very subject itself. It further states that the
mode of reaching the minutes is by motion that
the minutes be produced. The form and phrase-
ology of the motion is not material. The sub-
stantive proposition is here, that the privileges of
the House have been infringed, and that the min-
utes of the committee show that fact. 1 ask to
present the minutes of the committee, and the
whole question is contained in the proposition
that I make. Therefore, the proposition I make
is abundantly sustained by the cases I have cited.
A case in point is refened to us in the tenth vol-
ume of Hansard, second series, pages 10 and 11.
On .reference to the book I do not find the case,
and there is probably some mistake in the refer-
ence. But the case is here referred to as one di-
i-ectly sustaining the point I have made: that,
where a question is raised before the House as to
the action of the committee itself, the minutes are
in order to be read and referred to.
Keeping in view the broad distinction I make
between the case, as cited by the Chair, which
purported to be a report to the House from a com-
mittee, and the case now before the House, which
is simply that members of the committee rise in
their place, and state to the House that the order ;
o{ the House directing a certain thing to be done, |
has not been done, the cases are entirely different. !'
There is no proposition to report from the minor- J j
ity of a committee. It has nothing in the charac- ::
iter of a report; is not intended to be a report; is ij
not characterized as a report; nor has it emanated ij
from the committee by its authority. It is simply h
this: members of the House, charged, in part, to 'I
•execute certain duties, bring to the knowledge of "
the House certain facts which they state.
There is another rule., which I think is perti-
nent to the case .direetly before the House. It is
this, as laid clown in Cushing's " Law and Prac-
tice of Legislative Assemblies:" |
" A committee is bound by, and is notat liberty to depart !:
from, the order of icfereiice, a principle which is essential 1
• to the regular di«much of business, for if il wens admitted
that what the House entertained in One instance, and re-
ferred to a committee, was so far controllable by that com-
mittee that it was at liberty to disobey the order of reference,
all business would be at an end ; and, as often as circum-
stanccs should afford a pretense, the proceedings of the
House would be involved in endless confusion and contests
with itself."
There is a necessity that the committee shall
strictly adhere to the order of the House; and, if
it is alleged that there has been a departure from
that order, it presents a case which the House
may entertain at any moment as a general ques-
tion of privilege.
In the same volume, page 748, it is further laid
down:
" When a committee is remiss in proceeding or making
its report: or when a committee has adjourned without day,
or to a day beyond the session, without reporting; or when
it becomes necessary to fill vacancies in the committee, or
to enlarge it by the appointment of additional members—
in all these cases there is ground for further proceedings in
the House."
There the doetrine is laid down, that, when a
committee is remiss in its proceedings, there is
fround for the furtfier proceedings of the House.
low is it ever to be brought to the knowledge of
the House that a committee is remiss before a
report is made ? The committee are a majority of
its members; and a majority will not report that
the majority itself are remiss. How is the fact
ever to get before the House, if, as is said here,
that nothing can be heard from a committee un-
less it comes from a majority? A majority of a
committee are remiss, and refuse to obey the or-
der of the House; and yet, according to the rule
I have read, when they do refuse, and when they
are remisS, there are grounds for further proceed-
ings in the House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if that point can be got over
I would like to see it done. How is it ever to be
brought to the knowledge of the House that a com-
mittee are remiss in their proceeding, before mak-
ing a report? You may say that we may order a
committee to report, and then we may know that
fact. But you are not necessarily required to issue
that order, as the law is laid down. They may
be ordered to report upon a given day, and knowl-
edge may come to the House of remissness prior
to that day; because the parliamentary law says
that, when there is remissness upon the part of
the committee in their proceeding, or in their re-
port, then,"&c. The two branches of remissness
are presented in the same view. Now, how are
you to know whether they are remiss, unless you
get it through the proper channel of a member of
the committee laying it before the House for its
action ?
I do not propose to enter into any lengthy dis-
cussion of the question. I think, myself, that the
plain rule, which would suggest itself at once,
would be that the course I have pointed out is the
only course which could be taken. Gentlemen
say that no direct precedent can be found for re-
ports of this kind. There is great difficulty in
finding precedents growing out of the construction
of committees in the British Parliament. Those
committees are generally named by the person
calling for the committee, and they are always
constituted, if that course is pursued in harmony
with the objects in view. There is scarcely a pos-
sibility, therefore, that such a state of things
should arise there as is presented in this case.
Hence there is not the same room for a difficulty
such as exists here. But instances have occurred
under which the law, which I have just cited from
Hansard, has grown up.
Now, sir, it is not necessary, in order to make
a principle good, that you should be able to find
a precedent for it. Gro back to the first precedent,
and what is it? It is but the action of the body,
based upon its good sense in judging of what the
law ought to be, that makes the law. It is not
necessary to hunt up precedents; and in nine cases
out of ten, where they are sought for, they are
not analogous; there is some shade of difference;
and it is a most dangerous thing to attempt to
force analogies for the sake of saying that you
rest upon precedent, when it is a great deal easier
to rest upon good sense and sound judgment. I
shall not occupy the attention of the House any
longer.
_ Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not wish
either, Mr. Speaker, to prolong this debate; but
I wish, before the question is taken, to replv
briefly to the gentleman from Illinois. I stated
yesterday, sir, that, in my judgment, no pn ce-
dent, sustaining this motion, could be found in
the British Parliament, "or in our own Parliament,
or in the history of any legislative body in the
world. I have listened patiently to-day to the
gentleman, to see if he could produce a single
authority to sustain his position. He has not
done it. He cannot do it. The strength of his
argument, everything in it that has any force at
all, is in the last clause of the authority which he
read. I will read, sir, what precedes that:
" But besides instructions to committees, there arQ fre-
quent occasions on which proceeduvgs take place in the
House with reference to committees, after the order of ref-
erence, and before a final report."
Section one thousand nine hundred and twenty-
nine, that follows that, gives instances in which
it may be done—as when a committee is remiss in
proceeding or making a report. That authority
goes to this extent, and to this extentonly; that a
committee, before making a final report, are sub-
ject to the order of the House. How? By a ques-
tion of privilege? No, sir; when you can make,
in order, and according to order and rule, a mo-
tion requiring a report to be made, or giving fur-
ther instructions, you can thus control the com-
mittee. That is parliamentary law. To that ex-
tent, this authority sustains the gentleman, and
to that extent only. That I do not deny. The
question which we now have before us is not that.
The question is, is the remissness of a minority
or majority of a committee a question of privi-
lege ? That is a question well known in parlia-
mentary law. There are questions of privilege
higher than privileged questions. The question
we have to-day before us is, is the remissness of
a committee a question of privilege ? I say, sir,
it is not; and the precedent and the authority can-
not be found in Hansard, or in any writer in the
books on parliamentary law. I defy its produc-
tion, sir. What would be the effect of the estab-
lishment of such a precedent? You might have
fifty questions of privilege here every morning,
or at least thirty-eight. I think we have thirty-
eight standing committees, and the minorities in
each one might suppose that the majorities were
not discharging their duty under the rules; for,
mark you, there is no difference between a select
committee and a regular committee—none. Under
the resolution under which a select committee is
raised, their duties are there pointed out, just as
the duties of all other committees are pointed out
in the rules. If it is a question of privilege in the
case pf a select committee, it is equally a question
of privilege in regard to a regular committee. And
the doctrine of the gentleman is, that a minority
of any one committee can come in here on any
day, override the. business of the House, raise a
question of privilege, and take possession of the
attention of the House to bring the action of the
majority of the committee before the considera-
tion of the House. That is the gentleman's doc-
trine; that, sir, is his position.
Now, sir, what would be our condition in this
House ? How could we legislate ? The minority
of the Committee on Pensions might come for-
ward and say that the majority were not acting in
accordance with the rules of the House, that re-
quire them to examine and report upon all mat-
ters before them, because they did not look into a
particular piece of evidence upon which the merits
of a particular claim for pension rested, and raise
a question of privilege. And then, while that com-
mittee was going on with its question of privilege,
the minority of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads might come m with a question of
privilege, because the majority of that committee
would not examine a certain piece of evidence in
relation to a claim, and ask the judgment of the
House in reference to it. We should have nothing
but questions of privilege of this sort.
Mr. Speaker, questions of privilege are well
understood in parliamentary Jaw. ^Ve have priv-
ileged questions, as I have said, such as to ad-
journ, to lay upon the table, and the previous
question. These are privileged questions; but
there are questions of privilege above and higher
than them. They relate to the conduct of mem-
bers, the rights—the personal rightsand comforts,
if you please—of members.
Mr. STANTON. And their duties.
t Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia. Their duties,
if you please. Their duty to behave themselves
in the House and in committee. I call for the
production of a precedent for anything more than
