2128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14.
Jurisdiction of the district court of Vermont. They
say, therefore, that the case was coram nonjudice.
But, sir, the owner of this property went fur-
ther, and instituted a suit in Vermont against
Commodore McDonough for trespass, in taking
possession of his property; in that suit the com-
modore pleaded " not guilty," and there was a
verdict in his favor. The Court of Claims set
aside the effect of that verdict, by saying that al-
though the verdict is conclusive as regards him,
yet, as a principle of law. it is not binding, as re-
gards the claim of this claimant against tfie Uni-
ted States, upon the technical rule of law that a
verdict in favor of one cotrespasser is not plead-
able in bar to a suit against another cotrespasser.
That may be a very correct technical rule of law,
but it is obvious to us all that if Commodore Mc-
Donough seized this timber and used it for Govern-
ment purposes, he seized it on the ground that it
was being used by this citizen of the United States
for the use aod service of the enemy in time of
war; and if, in an issue joined with him, there has
been a verdict of the jury that he was not guilty,
that verdict could only have been rendered on
proof that he was justifiable m making the seiz-
ure. He could on no other ground be justifiable
in taking this citizen's property; and although the
technical rule of law might not enable the United
States to set up this verdict in bar of an action
against itself, it has none the less its moral force
when a claim is made upon the equity of the Gov-
ernment that we should make an appropriation
for the payment of this lumber.
There was other property on board not used
for the purposes of the Government. There were
tar, hawsers, and anchors. The court say the
Government is not responsible for this. Why?
Because they were not used for Government pur-
poses; and they say, therefore, that Commodore
McDonough alone is responsible for them, if any
one; but Commodore McDonough has already
been adjudged not to be responsible, not to ha*vo
committed a trespass in the seizure of this prop-
erty, and this property was seized at the same
time as the lumber; and if the lumber was prop-
erly seized, as well as these other stores, on the
ground that it was on its way for the service of
the enemy, I think a fair conclusion, from all the
circumstances of the case, is that Commodore
McDonough made a justifiable seizure of this ves-
sel, and that the Government of the United States
ought not to pay for the lumber which it deemed
propei to use for its own fortifications.' 1 do not
consider this as a case of taking private property
for public use. 1 consider it a case of a Govern-
ment officer acting in the exercise of his discretion
with which he was invested'by virtue of the com-
mand intrusted to him, seizing the property of a
citizen on its way to the aid and comfort of the
enemy. It was charged against him by the owner,
that the owner was not on his way to the aid and
comfort of the enemy, and that Commodore Mc-
Donough 's seizure was a trespass; and that issue
being tried, there has been a vei diet of the juiy in
favor of Commodore McDonough, and I cannot
vote for the Government paying.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does that appear by the
decision?
Mr, BENJAMIN. That appears by the de-
cision of the Court of Claims. Here is what the
Court of Claims say upon the subject. After
speaking of the condemnation of this property by
the district court in New York  
Mr. COLLAMER. But what do they say
about the case against Commodore McDonough ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Here it is:
" Another objection made in this ease i«, that a verdict
and judgment had been previously tendered in favor of
Commodoie McDonough, in a Mnt Inm by said
Samuel Jloigate. for the «ifoie>aid scmiro of tiie goods in
question. Hut that objection is not tenable. Itisasufh
cient answer to this objection to sa.v. that, m this ease, the
Government of tin; United States, ami not Commodore Mc-
Donough, is the defendant 111-. decided, even m the ea^o
of joint trespassers, thai ajudsnient m lavoi of one of the
trespassers, m a suit against inm alone, is no bar to a suit
against the other tiejspd.-^ei.'''
On the face, therefore, of this decision of the
Court of Claims, I can see no just ground for
making this appropriation by the Government.
Mr. COLL AM RR. I will say to the gentleman
that, in point of fact, I know that this question
was not in issue in the suit against Commodore
McDonough. The people of Vermont were very
deeply moved on that subject; for the action was
brought against him when he was invited over to I
a celebration of the battle of Piattsburg, and he
was seized in the procession. In the suit against
Commodore McDonough, there was no issue made
as to whether, in point of fact, the property was
being taken to the enemy: his ground of defense
before the circuit court of the United States was,
that he was a public officer, and that he had rea-
son to suppose the property was goi ng to the en-
emy, and therefore seized it and delivered it over
to the civil authorities; and that, for so doing, he
was not personally responsible, even although the
property was not going to the enemy. The case
was tried on that ground, not on the merits of the
seizure.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I further observe, by the
decision of the Court of Claims, that they do not
appear to have had any evidence before them that
this suspicion was unfounded. No evidence was
taken before the Court of Claims, and none is re-
ported, about the merits of the case; but, although
there was a judgment against it on the merits in
the distuct court of New York, they say that is
null and void because that was not the proper
jurisdiction.
Mr. COLLAMER. The party never appeared
there.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But no evidence was taken
before the Court of Claims on that.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the Senator from
Louisiana is now satisfied that the question was
not put in issue and not tried at all, whether the
lumber was going to the enemy.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Vermont
so states, and of course I take his statement.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then, the reasoning is gone.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The reasoning is gone on
that point; but there is no evidence on the main
question whether such was the fact or not.
Mr. IVERSON. I knowtheSenatorfromLou-
isiana is too good a lawyer to assert or to argue
that the decision made by a court having no ju-
risdiction of the case has any weight whatever.
It is ceitainly a nullity.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not pretend that the
decision in the New York court is conclusive or
binding on this claimant; but I say that the cir-
cumstance affecting the propriety of the seizure has
never yet been decided anywhere. The Court of
Claims seems to have taken no evidence on that
question at all: but, simply because the district
court in New York rendered a void judgment,
they give this man his claim without inquiring into
the merits at all.
Mr. IVERSON. No evidence was brought by
the Government on that point. All that the claim-
ant is bound to do, in a case of this sort, is to
prove the trespass, to prove that the defendant
has seized his property. He must prove, first,
that it was his property; and next, that the de-
fendant seized that property and appropriated it
to his own use. When the plaintiff proves that,
lie is entitled to damages, unless the defendant
shows that the property was properly seized.
Now, the decision of the Court of Claims discloses
the fact that this property belonged to the claim-
ant, and that it was seized and condemned and
used by the Government of the United States.
The presumption of law is, until the contrary ap-
pears, that it was illegally seized. Thorp is no
evidence in this case, which it was the duty of
the Government to bung forward if it wanted to
sustain the decision of the court in New York, to
show that this property was legally seized. It was
the duty of the Government to show before the
Couit of Claims that it was properly seized and
condemned. In the failure of such evidence, as
the gentleman knows, the presumption is that it
does not exist.
Then, on the other point in relation to the fact
that the matter was decidcd in the circuit court
of Vermont as against Commodore McDonough
when he was sued for trespass and pleaded not |
guilty, the verdict of the Jury was in his favor. ]
The Senator from Louisiana knows, as well as I j
or any other sensible lawyer who has ever prac- j
ticed m any court, how much credit the verdict :
of the jury, like that which probably tried this '
case in Vermont, is entitled to. Here was Com- j
modore McDonough ,a patrioticand distinguished i
man, who doubtless seized this property in good I
faith, believing that it ought to have been seized.
He was mistaken about it. When he was sued he >
pleaded not guilty, and he could have used the ar- j
gument, as doubtless hivS counsel did, that he was !
not to blame if the property was illegally seized,
that he was merely discharging his duty as a pub-
lic officer; and if wrong had been done, the Gov-
ernment of the United States ought to be respons-
ible, and not the commodore. That doubtless
was the argument put in the heads of the jury, and
they no doubt properly, as they do very frequently,
found in favor of the defendant against the strict
technicalities of law, when the equity of the case
was with him. This was probably a case of that
kind. Commodore McDonough was sued as a
private individual; and it was urged to the jury
that he was acting as a public officer in good faith,
and that, although he might have been mistaken
and committed an illegal act, a trespass, techni-
cally speaking, against the property of the plain-
tiff,he ought not to be held individually respons-
ible for what he was doing in behalf of the
Government, and therefore they very properly ac-
quitted him. I do not attach much weight to the
verdict of acquittal in that case. It is no evidence
whatever that this property was legally seized and
condemned. The equity of this case, apart from
all considerations of law, is that the Government
seized this property, and had the use of it. Al-
though it was not m the ordinary manner taken
for public use, it was used by the Government,
applied to its own purposes, and therefore itseems
to mc the Government ought to be responsible for
it.
Mr. PUGH. I think this case may become a
precedent that will give us a great deal of trouble
if we iccognize the principles of law asserted by
the Court of Claims. I attach no conclusive force
to the opinion of that couit upon a question of
law; the statute does not. I give it the same force
that I would give the opinion of a master m chan-
cery—no more. That was the intention of the
law creating the court. It was not called a court
until the last minute; it was called a board of
claims. They are nothing but three commission-
ers appointed by act of Congress to hear certain
claims, to give us their opinions upon the facts
and upon the lav/; and I take their finding upon
a question of fact as I take the finding of a jury
or of a court upon submission. As to their view
of a question of law, I acknowledge it to be noth-
ing but the opinion of three learned gentlemen,
and if it is correct, pass it; and in doubtful cases
I generally let it go; but where I think it is a se-
rious error, which will lead to the introduction of
a vast number of improper claims against the Gov-
ernment, I deem it my duty to interpose.
Did the Government of the United States take
the propeity of this individual? The mere fact
that it was used afterwards foi fortifications does
not render the Government liable, unless the al-
leged seizure by Commodore McDonough was
illegal. If that was a legal seizure of property,
which the party was then cairyingto the enemy,
the seizure divested his title, vested the title in
the Government, and therefore it was no longer
his property.
We come back then to the seizure by Commo-
dore McDonough. That is the turning point of
the whole ease. Was it legal or illegal? He has
two decisions in his favor; fust, the decision of
the district court in admiralty. That is said to be
void, because the court had no jurisdiction, and
I dismiss that; it may be so or not. Now we
come to the civil process, to the action of trespass
brought against Commodore McDonough himself
in a c*cm,ft of law, and tried by a jury. "The Sen-
ator from Georgia says we know how the ver-
dicts of juries are obtained. Well, sir, if the ver-
dict of the jury was wrong in point of law, or if
in point of fact it was carried upon any alleged
appeal as to tffe personal character of the defend-
ant, it was the duty of the com t to set aside the
verdict, and I take it for granted that the court
did its duty._ What is the legal effect of the ver-
dict? What is the meaning of the verdict? What
did the plaintiff claim r The plaintiff said this
defendant, by his agent, has taken my property
contrary to law. The mere fact that he was Com-
modore McDonough would not relieve him from
the Jaw. Wiiat did the court and jury say r Upon
that issue tried at the time, with the witnesses all
before them, they said he was not guilty; th<-y
said he did not tako the plaintiff's property; the
plaintiff had lost, titie to his property by contra-
vening the laws of the country and engaging m
trade with the public enemy. They said it\vas
not the property 
