1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator spoke rather
too fast. There were but few applauders in the
galleries.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will withdraw his motion.
Mr. MASON. I cannot withdraw the motion.
This is not the first instance of an offense of this
kind. The peace and decorum of the Senate
must be preserved. I move that the galleries be
cleared.
Mr. PUGH. I shall ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will not
entertain the motion. While I have no commend-
ation to bestow on the applause which has been
witnessed here on this occasion, it is true, as the
Senator from Virginia says, that we have wit-
nessed it on other occasions, and on other occa-
sions differing much from the present—much in-
deed. I have often heard southern Senators on
this floor applauded—not that I approved it then,
not that I approve it now; but this is only the
outburst of that feeling which shows how deep
it is in the human heart. Even if it he an indis-
cretion which has been before as well as now
committed, I hardly think it appropriate for the
Senators to exclude from the gallery this audi-
ence. I hope it will not be done.
Mr. CLAY. I trust the Senator from Virginia
will withdraw the motion. I disapprobate this
. violation of the decorum of the Senate, but I
think the offense commenced on the floor of this
Chamber,* and on the other side of it; and I do
not think we should punish persons in the gallery
and rebuke them for the example which was set
them from thp floor.
Mr. BIGLER. I concur most heartily with
what the Senator from Alabama has said on this
occasion, and I unite with him in urging my friend
from Virginia to withdraw the motion. But a
very small proportion participated in this demon-
stration, and it would be exceedingly harsh to
force from the gallery the large number who had
no part in K. Besides, this is the first demon-
stration at the present session.
There are, doubtless, very many people in the
gallery just now who have never been there be-
fore, who do not know that they have not this
privilege. This is the first notice to them; and
admitting the impropriety, it would be certainly
yery severe to expel them from the gallery. There
are many considerations which might be urged.
Our people are impulsive, and whether they agree
or disagree with the sentiments which the orator
presents, if he is earnest in manner and feels
deeply what he says, they are very likely to break
out in applause. Whether this demonstration
was intended as an indorsement of the sentiments
uttered or not, as it was the firstdemonstration in
a new Congress, I think the rule ought not to be
rigidly enforced. I most solemnly object to it, and
I hope the Senator from Virginia will withdraw
the motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I entirely agree with the
Senator from Virginia in the principle upon
which this motion proceeds. I concur also with
all the Senators who have appealed to him to
withdraw the motion on the present occasion.
It is, of course, an unpremeditated offense, and
I am sure thil it requires only a manifestation of
the determination of the Senate to protect itself
against offenses of this kind, to prevent their oc-
currence hereafter. I rose, however, more par-
ticularly to correct a mistake into which the hon-
orable Senator from Alabama fell, which might
possibly mislead the public, when he intimates
that the applauses which were heard camc from
this side of the Chamber, and emanated from the
floor. I am sure the honorable Senator did not
mean to imply that among th^ persons occupying
seals as Senators here, there was any offense
against the piopricties of the Semite.
Mr. CLAY. I did notmean to say so,because
my car could not distinguish whether the ap-
Elatise proceeded from the floor or the backers,
ut I presume it came from the backers on tiiat
side.
Mr. SEWARD. Nothing of that kind has
occurred on the part of those who are here re-
sponsible for their conduct as Senators.
Mr. MASON. I did not make the motion be-
cause the applause was cviuence of a manifesta- I
tion of the approbation of those who applauded; j
nor should I have made it if there had been given j
on the other hand any evidence of disapproba-
tion. I made the motion in order to preserve the
decorum and the propriety of the Senate, and
solely for that purpose. I am perfectly awrre
that you cannot get at the offenders unless you
clear the Chamber of all who are present except
Senators; but it is the misfortune of those who
i are here properly, who respect the decorum of
. the Senate, and who respect their country, that
j there may be occasions when they should be in-
i commoded in order that offenders maybe reached.
| Now, sir, I should persist in the motion, but
I that I see evidence around me, from the requests
j of Senators that, in their judgment, it should be
| forehorne on the present occasion. 1 trust that
I hereafter, if a like manifestation should be ex-
j hibitod at any sentiments of any kind which may
, be proniulged on this floor, the Senate will pre-
.{ serve its dignity and decorum by clearing the
j Chamber. I withdraw the motion.
| Mr. GWIN. I hope the vote will now be
j taken on printing the message.
j _ Mr. HALE. Let the proposition be read as
| it now stands.
j_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
: is on adopting the following order:
j Ordered, That the usual number ofthe message and doc-
t uments be printed, and that fifteen thousand copies of the
| message and accompanying documents; in addition to the
j usual number, be printed for the use of the Senate, by the
i Printer ofthe Senate for the last Congress, at rates not ex-
| ceeding those established by existing laws, and that all
l other orders for printing made, until a Printer shall be
j ehoscn, be executed by the late Printer on the same terms.
| Mr. GWIN. It is proposed to strike out the
' provision for extra numbers.
Mr. COLLAMEU. That does not remove the
; difficulty. At the last session, when we revised
the rules, an arrangement was made in order to
provide for just such a contingency as this. The
' difficulty, as stated by the Senator from Maine,
1 [Mr. Fessf.vbf.n,] is, that when the usual num-
I ber of a document is ordered to be printed, the
j type having been set up, and the work com-
| menced, the order for the extra numbers is con-
i sidercd as comparatively of little cost, because
i the great body of the expense has been already
j incurred. Before the last session, it was the prac-
j tice to refer to the Committee on Printing the
! simple question of printing extra numbers. If,
i however, reference be had to the rule, as revised
at the last session, it will be ascertained that in
j all cases, with certain enumerated exceptions—and
j this is not one of them—all questions of printing
i arc to be referred to the committee in the first
; instance. I say, therefore, that this motion to print
' even the ordinary number of the President's mes-
, sage and accompanying documents, must, by the
, rule, go to the Committee on Printing. If the !
1 Chair will read the rule, he will find "it entirely !
explicit on this subject. !
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 34th rule i
( provides for j
\ A Committee on Pnnliue. to consist of three members ; '
; to wnom shall be referred every question on the printing of ;
j documents, icports, or other mattei transmitted by either of :
j the Executive Department*, and al! memorial?.'petitions, ,
j accompanying document*, togethei with all other matter, i
: the printing of wine!' -h:;M be movt-1, ewept'ns bills oiigm- ;
, aung in Congress l.'-whtnons offeied by any Senator,com- !
i mumcat'ons fiom 11 - !---iiHaturesor conventions lawiuily ■
j called, ofthe ro-"> -vU\-< State*, and motions to punt by
: order of the standing committees of the Senaf; and ox- ,
, ceptmg,aI?o, messages and other communications irom the :
j President of the United Sra'es, and such lepoits and com- '
■ iriunioations from thj heads of Departments, as may be ,
: made to Congress, or to thf Senate, in obedience to law,
j or in answer to calls from the Senate ; motions to print ad- ,
j ditionai number shall likewise be ieft'ued to said commit- ■
f to*: and \vhen the r-'po't b° m f ivo^ of printing ad-
: ditional numbeis, it s'aail be accompanied by an estimate of '
i the probable eo.-i."
; It is t'ie opinion of the Chair that, as we have ,
1 no committees at present, it is not in order to |
I refer the question. ;
j Mr. BIG-LER.. It is not my intention, Mr. ;
President, to speak to the mere proposition to
■ print the message and documents; nor do I intend ;
; to-day, to atteinot to address the Senate at length :
1 on the grave and difficult subject which has been ;
, unhappily precipitated noon this body. I never :
| felt so much responsibility in my lire. I never j
! feltagreateranxiety to do mj- duty. Never since i
| I have been connected with public affairs have I .
j desired in my whole soul so much to do what;
I would just be best for this great country. I feel
i my weakness, and how much I regret the sug- j
i gestion Imade yesterday evening, that I concurred j!
I -with the President of the United States in the II
views he had taken and should endeavor to defend '
those views, for I now feel how much 1 am un-
prepared. But while I shall not make a speech
to-day, I desire very briefly to notice some of the '
propositions of my friend from Illinois, whiei
have fallen on my ears as most extraordinary.
It would be necessary, Mr. President, to a fair
understanding of this question, to trace its history;
and nothing have I regretted so much as that the
Senator from Illinois did not stop in the first in-
stance to look at this question in its true charac-
ter. Still morearo I pained with the remembrance
that his feelings were not such as I had hoped they
would be on a question so delicate and so danger-
ous, which he has labored so long and so ardu-
ously to allay.
Sir, I do not think it is entirely the part of a
statesman to handle this question as though each
particular view which he may hold can be dis-
tinctly carried out. The question should occur
to his mind, what is best for the country under
j all the circumstances? It will not do to show to
I me that the constitutional convention of Kansas
has been guilty of sins of omission or commission
I on the one hand, or that the Topeka movement
was without authority of law and in derogation
of the authority of the United States Government
on the other. I look at this question as it is be-
fore us, in a spirit of concession and compromise,
and, I trust, that measure of patriotism which
.will embrace all the States of this Union and the
interests and rights of all the people, and inquire
what shall we do? Has my friend from Illinois
persuaded himself that, with the present state of
j feeling in the Territory of Kansas it is possible
j to have any measure carried out with precision
: and order ? Are there no reasons to apprehend
strife, and confusion, and violation of principle
there? Has he any guarantee that whatever action
Congress may take will secure a peaceful exercise
of the elective franchise there to the entire inhab-
itants of that Territory? What is there in the
history of Kansas to bring him to the conclusion
that either party in power there will wield that
power with moderation? I have long since aban-
doned that idea, and I have persuaded myself that
patriotism and duty would require that Kansas
should be admitted into the Union on the first
allowable opportunity, for the sake of Kansas and
the Union. From the day that Senator offered
his bill in this Hall in 1854, to this hour, he has
never witnessed the same measure of complica-
tion in the affairs of that Territory, or the same
menacing aspect to the country.
The extraordinary things in the Senator's re-
marks that occurred to my mind are these: the
importance that he attached to so much of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill as declares that the people
shall be left perfectly free to select their own do-
mestic institutions. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois contend that the people of Kansas are to
look to that acUfor their right to form their ordi-
nary institutions ? Will he toll me that the Mis-
souri line interposed against any of those rights,
or that the repeal of it enlarged them or affected
them many possible way: Certainly not. The
Missouri line had reference to slavery alone. His
act of 1854 had reference to the institution of sla-
j very only. It is that, and that alone, which has
. agitated the country. It is that to which we havo
1 reference mainly when speaking of the rights
' of the people of that Territory. That dangerous
| and agitating question it was which constrained
i the wisest men who have ever assembled in this
| Chamber, in 1850, to agree that this dangerous
j issue should be taken from Congress and given to
| the people. However that great fact may be ob-
i scured by logic, however it may be beclouded by
' a mass of—I shall not say subterfuge or teebm-
j cality, but I may say special pleading—thegreat
; truth is before the people of the United States
; that that is the only question to which we have
i had reference in all this long struggle. What
j I have desired, and what I have thought would
I be conclusive, was that we should have from the
j people of Kansas such an embodied expression
1 as would give us their will on that subject,
j I certainly concur with the President of the
i United States in that part ofhis message in which
he says he would have preferred that the whole
constitution should be submitted to the people;
but the convention—exercising what he has eon-
ceded to be their right, to make a constitution and
send it to Congress—submitted only the slavery
