20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
question. I do not say that the whole of that
constitution would have been adopted or rejected,
but lean say to the Senator from Illinois that I
was in the Territory before the delegates were
elected, and for nearly a month afterwards, and I
think I know some circumstances which influ-
enced the action of the people. I know what was
said on the one side and on the other from the ros-
trum, for I heard it. I heard the advocates of
the Topeka movement say to the men who pro-
posed to form a constitution under the laws of the
Territory, " We will not judge of any instrument
you may submit; we will not consider its merits
at all." Why? "Because we are determined
that the laws, which the President of the United
States has said shall be carried out, shall be ren-
dered null and void. Governor Walker has told
us that these laws are binding, and that the con-
vention has been legally convened; we do not
subscribe to that doctrine; we will therefore ac-
cept no form of government from a bogus con-
vention." I heard more than one of them say
that even if the convention should give to them
the Topeka constitution, word for word, and let-
ter for letter, they would trample it in the dust,
because they denied the authority of the law
which the President of the United States was ad-
ministering there. However unwisely members
of the convention may have acted—and 1 do
not intend to defend the details of their action
by any means—it will not do to say that there
were no surrounding circumstances to impel them
to such action. Probably if the Republicans had
the power at that hour, they would have wielded
it quite as unwarrantably. The declarations to
which I have referred naturally begot retaliation.
The answer was, " If you will not judge of this
instrument why should it be submitted to you?"
Now, sir, I will say to the Senator from Illinois,
in defense of his friend, the president of the con-
vention, whose idol he has almost been, that in
all my intercourse with him 1 never heard from
him an unreasonable or an unfair suggestion on
the subject. He did say, and he did write, that
he would agree to a submission of the constitu-
tion to the people; but when ho was told, "we
will not judge of this," his views were different.
He told me to say to the President of the United
States tliat if this spirit was persisted in, if they
were to be broken clown simply to give the power
to their enemies and not because the constitution
was a bad one, he would not be bound to submit
it. He held that under the organic act and ac-
cording to the common understanding of the
country, they were under an obligation to submit
the slavery clause. That they did not submit it
in a proper form I agiee. It ought to have been,
one way or the other, distinctly. They might
have withheld the constitution entirely,and avoid-
ed the difficulty which the Senator raises as to
forcing a seeming assent to the constitution.
That, however, is somewhat of a theoretical dif-
ficulty, for 1 never heard any isteuc in Kansas,
nor will the Senator hear any serious issue there,
as to the main features of the constitution. The
virtue of the submission is that it withholds the
constitution except that portion which relates to
slavery.
The Senator is perfectly aware that as late as
1848, when a constitution wasTormed for Illinois,
the same monstrous outrage upon popular sov-
ereignty was practiced, for a portion of that con-
stitution was put into operation without being
submitted to the people.
He was the able advocate of Mr. Toombs's
bill, which did not emanate from the people of
Kansas. They did not delegate their sovereignty
in the first instance; they were not consulteda't all;
they had not petitioned for it; and yet the Sena-
tor advocated and voted for that lull. It provided
for an election of delegates, named the times and
places, and called together a convention to whom
the people of Kansas were to delegate their sov-
ereignty. It did more, sir. It put that constitu-
tion into operation without ever consulting the
people of Kansas. If the Senator's feelings had
been awakened at that time as to the peculiar
rights of the people of Kansas, he never could
have voted for Mr. Toombs's bill. That was
non-intervention—very peculiar, however. I was
unwilling, as 1 remember, in the first instance,
to go for a measure of that kind, because I thought
it contravened the principle of non-intei vention
Now, if I understand rightly the position of
the Senator from Illinois, it comes down to this:
although the constitution of Kansas, when pre-
sented here, may be republican; though there
may be in it no insurmountable objection; though
it may be a reasonable instrument, made by com-
petent authority, in accordance with law and in
the proper form, Kansas shall not come into the
Union because this right thing was not done
through s particular process. Is that consistent
with the doctrine of non-intervention ? I deny the
right of Congress to go behind the organic act,
and inquire into all the details of how the people
of Kansas have proceeded; but when Kansas
presents herself for admission at the doors of
Congress with a republican constitution, formed
in order, according to law, the Senator from Illi-
nois is about to say to those people, you shall
not come into the Union because you did not do
this right thing in the proper way. Sir, when
the question involves the peace of the whole coun-
try, and, as I know, the prosperity of Kansas, I
will not be pledged to say any such thing; but if
the measure is right in itself, and if I can see that
it imposes rio great future wrong on the people
of Kansas, in view of the peculiar circumstances
which surround the case, the difficulty of getting
any law properly administered there, the danger
of leaving the question open, I will, so far as I
have the power, assist to throw wide open the
portals of the Union and welcome Kansas as a
State, thus settling this bitter family feud forever.
Sir, I do not intend to follow the subject fur-
ther to-day. I thought, however; that some of
the positions of the Senator from Illinois were
so peculiarly forced that; though entirely unpre-
pared, I should not, after the intimation I had
given, do justice to myself if I allowed those
remarks to pass unnoticed.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I do not mean
to go into this debate, because it is now entirely
upon questions purely abstract; but I think it
due to the honorable Senator from Illinois, to
whose remarks 1 have listened with great atten-
tion, to point out to him one, at least, of the fal-
lacies contained in his argument. I use that
term with entire respect; and I should be unjust
to myself if I did not use it with entire respect
to him, because all will admit that his speech
was one of great strength and great power, but,
in my conception, with great diflidence I say it,
was of little moment in its legal positions, and
in its political conclusions, a series of monstrous
fallacies. I only desire to point out one now.
The honorable Senator said that the effect pro-
duced of necessity from the mode of submitting
this subject to the people of Kansas was to dis-
franchise all who did not come to the polls pre-
pared to vote for the constitution; and thus, he
stud, all who did vote, whether for or against
slavery, were compelled to vote for the constitu-
tion, and those of either class who were not pre-
pared to vote for the constitution, must neces-
sarily refrain from voting at all; and yet the
honorable Senator complained—and it was the
great staple of that part of his argument—that the
constitution was not submitted to be voted on.
At one time he declared that it was withheld from
the people; and again he declared that all who
came to vote were necessarily obliged to vote for
it. Now, I submit to the honorable Senator,
how could a man be compelled to vote for that
which was not submitted to hun to be voted on
at all ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Did the Senator understand
me to say that it was withheld ?
Mr. MASON. So I understood.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 said just the reverse.
Mr. MASON. The Senator certainly said they
withheld everything from the people except the
question of slavery; and yet the Senator declared
that whoever voted on the question of slavery,
whether for or against it, was obliged to vote for
the constitution; and the Senator drew the logical
consequence that, of necessity, those who did not
choose to veto for the constitution weie obliged
to stay away and refuse to vote at all. That was
his argument. Now, the fallacy I meant to point
out was this: look at that constitution and you
will find that the convention withheld the con-
stitution; it was not submitted to the people at
all. Whether that was well done or ill done is
another question; but the constitution was with-
held from the people, and the only question sub-
mitted to them was, whether thev would estab-
lish or interdict slavery ? They might go there
and vote upon that, and not vote or express any
opinion whatever on anything else contained in
the constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am sorry I was misap-
prehended by the Senator from Virginia. I cer-
tainly took the ground, first, that the conven-
tion had no power to frame a government, and
put it in operation without submitting it to the
people; secondly, that the convention showed a
consciousness of that fact, by providing that it
should be submitted to the people, and should
take effect from and after the date of ratification.
Hence, from that action of the convention, what-
ever vitality the constitution was ever to have,
resulted, not from the convention, but from a vote
of the people. I then showed that while they
acknowledged it would be void but for the rati-
fication of the people, it provided that it should
be submitted for free acceptance or rejection in
the following form, and the form was such as to
cut off all negative votes, and only count the
affirmative. That was my position—a position
sustained by the constitution itself. The Sena-
tor is entirely mistaken if he supposes that by
the remotest inference he is authorized by that
constitution and schedule in saying they withheld
it from the people. The schedule says, in so
many words, " this constitution shall be sub-
mitted to all the inhabitants in the Territory, on
the day of election, for their acceptance or rejec-
tion, in the following form." Ibis shows that
they provide, not that it shall go into operation
without submission, but that it shall be sub-
mitted, and they profess to submit it. They then
cutoff the negative votes, which, of course, makes
a sure thing of it. That is my position. If the
Senator from Virginia had understood it, I appre-
hend he would not have discovered any fallacy.
One word in reply to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania 
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator will allow me
at this point, I wish to give some authority 1
have on the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I yield the floor.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire simply to say that I
was exceedingly anxious to understand the pre-
cise position of that question. It was difficult to
tell, from the language of the schedule. Yester-
day I asked Colonel Henderson, of Kansas, who
was all active member of the convention, what it
meant. " Why," said he, " it means this: that
there are two entire constitutions, and the people
vote separately for the constitution without sla-
very—the constitution the convention has formed
—or the constitution with slavery." I under-
stood him to say that there were two constitu-
tions precisely similar.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there are two constitu-
tions, as we have but one, I should like to see
the other; and 1 want to know which one of the
two the Senator from Pennsylvania is for, when
he says he agrees with the President in going
for this.
Mr. BIGLER. I said they were precisely
similar.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there are two copies of
the same constitution I can understand it, but
that the convention made two constitutions pre-
cisely similar, 1 do not understand. But if they
did, what difference does it make? You may
vote lor this constitution or the other one; but
they are just alike, and you must take one or the
other.
^ Mr. BIGLER. One will make Kansas a free
State, and the other will make it a slave State.
That is the difference.
Mr. DOUGLAS. You may vote for this or
the oth°r constitution; and if you vote for either,
you may vote on the slavery question ; but unless
you do vote for one or the other of these consti-
tutions, you cannot vote on that subject. It makes
no difference how many copies they made; the
simple question is, do they allow the people to
vote on the slavery question without casting a
vote on any other subject? By that constitution
you cannot vote on the slavery question by itself.
You are compelled to write on the ballot, "for the
constitution, as preliminary to voting. Your
right to vote is then conditional, not free.
But I did not rise for the purpose of contro-
verting these questions. I was going to say a
word or two to the Senator from Pennsylvania-
He assumed an air in the opening of this discus-
