2180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
done in connection with her construction was lawfully
done.
" That the petitioner rendeied the services for which ho
claims compensation is undisputed; but it is insisted that
Captain Stockton had no authonty to make such a request
so as to entitle the petitioner to compensation, except under
the direction of the commandant of the navy-yard at Phil-
adelphia. If this be true, and Captain Stockton made the
request without the direction of the commandant of the
navy-yard at Philadelphia, he was guilty of a violation of
duty. And, moreover, if this direction was essential to the
validity of such a request, then it was al*o essential to au-
thorize Captain Stockton to accept the services of the peti-
tioner, though tendered to him gratuitously. Jiut it is to be
presumed that Captain Stockton, in all that he did, acted
in the line of his duty, and notin violation of it. No com-
plaint has ever been made against him by the Government,
whose agent he was; but,on the contrary, the payment of
the petitioner's claim was made by the very authority under
which Captain Stockton acted to depend upon his report.
It must be intended, therefore, that, in making the request
on whi^h the petitioner's services were rendered, he acted
by proper authority. If the direction of the commandant
of the navy-yard at Philadelphia was necessary, it will be
presumed. The Secretary of the Navy himself, in reject-
ing the petitioner's claim, recognized Captain Stockton as
the trusted and duly authorized agent of the Government
in the premises. There is, then, no room for question that
what the petitione^dul was lawfully done, and that his ser-
vices were rendered at the request of an officer duly author-
ized to make it. He did not officiously intermeddle with the
great public work which was going on. It would, indeed,
be a most offensive imputation upon the characters of the
honorable men under whose superintendence and direction
it was earned on arid completed, even to suppose that he
could have done so if he had desired. The only point of
inquiiy, therefore, is, did the petitioner render his services
gratuitously?
"The letter from Captain Stockton to the Secretary of
the Navy, of the30th May, A J). 1844, is explained by Ins
letter to the .same officer, of the 7th fcYbitiaiy, A. D 1853.
[f we take the former aecordmgto its strict literal mteipre-
tation, Captain Stockton may be understood not only as
having denied lhat he had any authority to employ the peti-
tioner, but also as having asserted that the petitioner volun-
teered his services, and tendered them gratuitously, lint
he did not mean either the one or the other, a^ is apparent
Jrom the consideration that if he did, the two letters would
be in conflict with each othei. In his letter of the 7th Feb-
ruary, A. I). 1853, he expressly say-., that in his letter of
the*20th May, A. 0. 1814, he stated ' the nature of Captain
Ericsson's services, and the extent of the Department's ob-
ligation to him, and admitted his claim to such compensa-
tion tiom the Government as, undrrthe citonrnsiance-, he
may be entitled to.' lie meant, therefore, in his letter of the
20th May, A. D. ISM, not only to state an obligation of some
kind on the part of the Navy Department to tlie petitioner,
but also to state the extent of that obligation, by admitting
that he is entitled to a reasonable compensation for lussei-
vices. But this is wholly inconsistent with the idea that those
services were rendered giatuitounly. The first letter, theie-
fore, is not to be literally interpreted. It may not beimpropet
here to add, that the letter oi the 7th Februaiv, A. I). 185:},
was- obviously designed to be explanatory ol the former let-
ter; and to remove all doubt as to his meaning, he, in con-
clusion, says: ' Time and reflection have not diminished,
but rather increased, my estimate of Captain Encsson's
services; and f have now the honoi to leiteiate my former
opinion, and further to say, that the Government should
make him a fair and reasonable compensation for his time
and expenses, while engaged in supeuim'nding the con-
struction of the Princeton's machinery.' &e., &e.
"With the first letter thus explained, the whole ease is
relieved from difficulty. If the Secretary of the Navy, when
he received that lettoi, had understood it according to this
explanation, he would not have rejected the petitioner's
claim. When Captain Stockton wiote the lettei of the
520th of May, A. D. 1811, he was manifestly under an im-
pression that the plainuif was asserting it special contiact
for specified services at fixed pi ices ; and he meant to state
not only that no suck contract had been made, but that he
had no authonty to make it. It is to such a contract that
the whole of the first lettei refers. We can very well un-
derstand that the petitioner would gladly have availed him-
self of buch an opportunity 4 to exhibit to the world the im-
portance of his vauous patents,' and that to secuic it, he
would have permitted Ins compensation to depend on the
contingency of their s>ueeess; hut we do not suppose that
Captain Stockton, or an> one else, desired that, if the lesult
should In entnely successful, the United States should re-
ceive the benefit of the petitioner5!} servfees without com-
pensation. Taking the two letteis of Captain Stockton to-
gether, we. have n<> difficulty in coming to the conclusion
that the understanding between the petitioner and Captain
Stockton \va«, that the petitioner should be ] ei united * to
exhibit to the woiid the importance of ins various patents'
in his own way, and according to his own plans, and that
lie should receive jint such compensation for hissetvices.
as should be justified by the result. The petitioner agreed
to accept a quantum meruit, dependent on the success of
hrs labors.
" The petitioner admits the receipt of SI ,150. He chums
$lo,0t!0. We '-hall i epoit to Congress a bill m his favor for
the sum or'^lJ.lWO."'
Mr. POLK. I think it would add to the better
understanding; of this case if the dissentient opin- i
ion of Judge Blackford were also read. j
- Mr. STUART. I do not know where that j
opinion may be. It is not here in this report. '
Mr. MALLORY. The report expressly says '
that the opinion of the court was unanimous in
favor of the claim. j
. Mr. POLK. My recollection is, that Judge !
Blackford delivered a dissenting opinion; but I !
may be in error. i
Mr, MALLORY. The Senator from Missouii
is in error. The report, read at the desk, is the
opinion of the Court of Claims, and it sets out
with the announcement that the court was unani-
mous in the opinion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) There is no dissenting opinion ac-
companying the decision of the court.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish, at this stage of the
business, to make a suggestion to the Senate in
connection with these cases. I have found it im-
possible to understand the cases from the Court
of Claims. One's attention is not called to them
until they are brought up in the Senate; and then
there is but one copy of the opinion of the court
here, and it is utterly out of the question that any
Senatorcanact understandinglyupon simply hear-
ing that opinion read at the desk. Properly to un-
derstand the merits of the case, and the principles
of law upon which it is founded, requires an ex-
amination of the opinion, and the papers which
should accompany it. I was drawing up a reso-
lution requiring that, in all future leports of com-
mittees on bills emanating from the Court of
Claims, a sufficient number of copies of the opin-
ion of the court, with the brief of the solicitor and
the claimant, should be printed for the informa-
tion of the Senate; but I nowfind that a provision
of law to that effect has been overlooked. I call
the attention of the Secretary to it, that in future
we may have the documents to which we are en-
titled under the law. It requires the court to re-
port, at the commencement of the session, the
various cases upon which they have acted, "stat-
ing in each the material facts upon which such
opinion is founded. Anyjudge who may dissent
from the opinion of the majority, shall append his
reasons for such dissent to the report; and such
report, together with briefs of the solicitor and the
claimant, which shall accompany the report, upon
being made to either House of Congress, shall be
printed in the same manner as other public doc-
uments." If I had been aware that there was
such a provision of law, I should have objected to
the consideration uf any of these cases until I had
had the opportunity to examine them; and I hope,
in future, we shall be furnished at least with copies
of the opinions.
Mr. fVERSON. The Senator from Louisiana
is mistaken. The reports of the Court of Claims
are all brought here and printed. I have in my
hand the printed report in this case, containing
the opinion of the court. I was consulted, as
chairman of the Committee on Claims in the early
pint of the session, as to how much of those re-
ports should be printed, arid 1 instructed the Sec-
retary not to have the testimony printed, because
that.is unnecessary and involved a lat^o expense;
and, besides, the Court of Claims always, in their
opinion, give a brief abstract of the testimony.
So far, however, as regards the decision of the
court and the briefs of counsel on both sides, they
have ail been printed in every case, as I under-
stand, just as the law requires. I followed the
law, and instructed the Secretary not to have the
testimony printed, tint being unnecessary.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 hope the Senator from
Georgia does not suppos'e that I mean to find fault
with him.
Mr. IVERSON. Not at all.
Mr. SLIDELL. I tako it for granted that it
is an omission. 1 have applied to the Clerk this
morning in each of the cases from the Court of
Claims which have come up, for a copy of the
opinion ol the court, and I have not succeeded in
obtaining one; and therefore I am not able to
understand the merits of the cases on which I am
called upon to pass judgment.
Mr. IVERSON. I kpow the Pi inter has been
instructed to print them, and I suppose they have
been printed in every case.
Mr. STUART. I piesume the importance of j
this case has attracted the attention of the Senate; |
and if so, the point I suggest will readily strike !
theirconsideration. The court has proceeded upon !
the ground that Captain Stockton had the lawful
authority to employ this man, and that he did em-
ploy him; and having done so, that the United
States is bound to pay so much as his services
wore reasonably worth. That is the ground on ,
which the court bases its decision; and in order to
get at that decision it gives a construction of Cap- i
tain Stockton's letters, and says that he must have ■
done so and so. Now, I think the Senate will see, '
by referring to the letters as they are embraced in
this opinion, that Captain Stockton expressly and
unqualifiedly, and in as pointed terms as human-
language would enable him to do, rejected any
such construction. The court states that these ves-
sels were directed to be built on two models, one
of which was Captain Stockton's model, and then
says:
"On the 14th day of March, A. D. 1844, the petitioner
presented his claim (' Schedule A' of < Exhibit A') for com-
pensation for his services to the Secretary of the Navy ; and
on the 11th day of May, A. 1). 1844, it was rejected, on the
ground that Captain Stockton, in a letter to the Secretary of
the Navy, had stated as follows :4 In regard to Captain Ei les-
son's bill, which was sent to me at the same time, I must
say that, with all my desire to serve lnm, I cannot appiove
his bill; it is in direct violation of our agreement as far as it
istobe consideied a legal claim upon the Department.' (See
1 Schedule F* of1 Exhibit A.')"
Captain Stockton said it was in direct violation
of the agreement he made with this claimant:
" In a subsequent letter from Captain Stockton to tha
Secretary of the Navy, he further stated : 4 That it has given
me great pleasuie to acknowledge, upon ail proper occa-
sions, the services of Captain Eucsson's mechanical skill in
carrying out my well intended efforts for the benefit of the
countiy.' *•*<:* ' I have invariablv given
him to understand, in the most distinct manner, whenever
the subject was alluded to, that I had no authonty from the
Government to employ him.'"
And yet, sir, this court determines the case on
the ground that he had authority; and in order to
come to that conclusion, it presumes that if Cap-
tain Stockton acted without authority, he would
have been arraigned on charges and tried for it;
and inasmuch as there is no pretense that any-
thing of that sort has ever been done, the court
presumes that he acted upon authority, and yet
he says here, as I have just read, that upon all
occasions he invariably told this claimant that he
had no such authority—
"And that if he received anything, it must be altogether
gratuitous on the part of the Government: that, considering
the great opportunity that he, as an inventor, would have
to intioduce his patent to the world by the aid of the funds
of the Government, I did not think it proper for him to make
a charge for their application to the Tunceton; in all of
which he has concuned, as lai as I know, up to the time
of the presentment of bis extraordinary bill.11
These arc Captain Stockton's letters.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Read the letter of 1853.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Kentucky
desires mc to read his letter of 1853. I will do
so; I did not read it before, because I was simply
meeting the point on which the court placed the
case. In Captain Stockton's letter to the Navy
Department, dated February 7,1853, he says that
he had stated, in his letter of May 20,1844, " the
nature of Captain Ericsson's services, and the
extent of the Department's obligation to him, and
admitted his claim to such compensation from the
Government as, under the circumstances, he may
be entitled to." That is giving a construction to
a former letter in which he had said that what-
ever the Government should do for Ericsson must
be entirely gratuitous. Now he says:
" Time and reflection have not diminished, but rather
incieased, my estimate of Captain Ericsson's, sei vices; and
I have now th^ honor to reiterate my fotmer opinion, and
further to «ay, lhat the Government should make him a fair
and icasonahle compensation for his time and expenses,
while engaged m superintending the conduction of the
Pimeeton"s machinciy,'" &.c., &.c.
That is Captain Stockton's opinion as to what
the Government ought to do as a matter of gra-
tuity. I suppose that i3 a point to be detei mined
by Congress. Captain Stockton's opinion may
be very good as evidence; but we all of us know
that when an officer like Captain Stockton is
called upon by a personal friend in regard to whom
he says that he has an earnest desire to aid him
all he can, he would write in fully as liberal terms
as that. But I was stating that the only ground
on which the court have placed the decision, and
the only ground on winch they could put it, is,
that here is a large claim against the United States;
and in order to show this they state, in the fust
place, that there was an appropriation of money
to build the ship; m the next place, that there was
the appointment of Captain Stockton to superin-
tend the building; next, that Captain Stockton
had the services of this individual; and then they
say that these proceedings having taken place,
and Captain Stockton not having been cashiered
or tried for exceeding his authority in employing
Ericsson, they therefore conclude that it was le-
gally done; and being legally done, the United
States is bound to pay him. I say this is a con-
struction contended for m the face of the strong-
