1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
sion that I thought was entirely uncalled for, as
if he wished rather to intimate" to the Senator
from Illinois that his bearing was not exactly
right—an intimation of speaking by authority not
authorized and not respected.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I beg to gay to
the Senator from Illinois that in not one word
that I uttered did I intend the slightest disrespect
of that sort, nor do I wish the Senator from Illi-
nois to mark me as speaking here except for
myself. I express on this subject the views which
I have deliberately made up. They concur gen-
erally, if not entirely, with those expressed by
tlie President of the United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have not another word to
say on the point on which I was speaking. The
explanation of the Senator from Pennsylvania is
conclusive on that point. It may be that I mis-
understood the manner in which he treated the
subject; but, whether I did or not, his statement
is conclusive with me. I was certain he did not
speak for the President of the United States. I
knew that; for the President had just spoken for
himself, in language which condemned that con-
vention for not submitting the constitution to the
people, and he refuses to recommend thai we
should receive this constitution. The absence of
a recommendation clearly shows that it is not an
Administration measure. Certainly the Presi-
dent is not going to have, as an Administration
measure here, one to which he has not committed
himself and his Cabinet. The President of the
United States is a bold, frank, man, and if he in-
tends to give us an Administration measure, lie
will say so in so many words. He has not said
so. It is not respectful to inm to assume that
he wants us to do that which he was no't willing
to recommend us to do in his annual message,
when acting under the authority of the Consti-
tution, which makes it his duty to recommend
the measures which the public good requires.
Hence, of course, I knew the Senator did not
speak by authority, and I was going io deny his
right to do so; but inasmuch as I misunderstood
lnm, I have no comments to make.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator permit mea
moment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. I think I am very safe in
saying—and I believe that the Senator from
Illinois will agree with me—that the President of j
the United States upholds the doctrine in his I
message that that convention had a right to form i
a constitution; it had a right to submit it to the I
people of the Territory for their approval or send \
it here for the approbation of Congress and the \
admission of the State into the Union. I think
it is very clearly deuucible from the message m
addition, that the President of the United States
does not think that the circumstance of not sub-
mitting the entire constitution to a vote of the
people should keep Kansas out of the Union if j
her constitution is republican and right in all '
other respects. On that poiutwe will agiee. With!
that I understand the Senator from Illinois to
take issue. ;
Mr. DOUGLAS. I infer from the message i
that the President of the United States does hold I
that that convention had a right to fiame a con- !
stitution and send it up here; but that was under ;
the right to petition for the redress of grievances j
under the Constitution of the United States, and ;
not because the Legislature of the Territory had !
the power to constitute that a legal constitutional ;
convention. i
Mr. BIGLER. Where do you find that? !
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yesterday a speech was read j
to this body, showing that the President had held ]
that doctrine twenty years ago, and he has never !
disavowed it since. In that speech the Presidentj
declared that a Territorial Legislature had no i
power to create a convention to form a constitu- j
tion; and that, if they attempted to exercise such ,
a power, it would be an act of usurpation—a high j
crime—a crime subject to impeachment. The :
President has held these doctrines for twenty I
years. He held them at the same time that Gen- j
eral Jackson's administration held them in regard
to the Arkansas case. The Democratic party has
held them ever since. I have proved to-day that
the Democratic party, so f? r as it is bound by our
action one year and a half ago, asserted the same
doctrine in the Kansas report which I made from
tlie Committee on the Territories. I firmly be-
| lieved then, that that committee was a faithful
| exponent of the views of the Kansas-Nebraska
| party. In that report we set forth that doctrine,
and, as the Senator well knows, we published
j and circulated during the campaign, in order to
1 elect Mr. Buchanan, three hundred thousand cop-
j ies of that report as a party document. I paid
| for one hundred thousand copies of it myself.
| I never heard it intimated that the doctrine then
| expounded, and on which the President was
jelected, was repudiated by any portion of the
party, and therefore I said that the President of
the United States was with me on this question,
, so far as his record shows.
j Mr. BIGLER. I must enter my protest and
claim the.benefit of the statute of limitations,
: which is applicable to a shorter period than twenty
1 years. I cannot consent that the Senator from
! Illinois shall hold the President to principles which j
he may have laid down twenty years ago, under !
i entirely diffeient circumstances from those which 1
i now exist. It is not half so long since the Pres- *
ident of the United States declared that the Mis- j
souri line would be the best compromise of the I
slavery difficulty that could be made. In 1848, 1
| the Senator from Illinois advocated the extension j
of the Missouri line to the Pacific ocean, yet he j
i was the man who proposed and insisted that it '
; ought to be repealed. He was at one time in favor
; of extending it, and therefore made his principle j
1 acceptable to him under the circumstances then j
! existing; he was willing then to take it. Now, j
! would it not be very ungenerous in me to hold ;
to-day that the Senator's argument was a fallacy, |
because he at one time advocated the extension '
' of the Missouri line ? :
Mr. DOUGLAS. I deny the right of the Sen- 1
ator from Pennsylvania to interpose the statute i
of limitations upon this occasion, on the well- !
known principle that no one but the authorized J
attorney of the party can interpose that plea, i
[Laughter.] As the Senator has disavowed the |
authority to act and speak for the President, he ;
has no right to file the plea. If the President of j
the United States himself will interpose the plea, |
I shall admit it. I believe in a statute of limit-
ations in regard to political opinions. I need one
very much myself, on many points. I am not
one of those who boast ihat they have never
changed an opinion. Sir, it is a matter of gratifi-
cation to me that I feel each year that I am a little
wiser than I was the year before; and I do not
know that a month has ever passed over my head
in which I have not modified some opinion in
some degree, but 1 am always frank enough to j!
avow it. Still, it is fair for any man to hold me '
to a former opinion until I have expressed a con- 1;
tvary one. j>
lias the President of the United States ever !
withdrawn the opinion of which I have spoken, "
expressed twenty years ago, in regard to the ;;
power of the Territorial Legislatures? I show i|
that the Democratic party stood by it last year. !>
Is not that rather a short period for the apphca- j;
tion of the statute of limitations ? I hope you are li
not going to cut off the Cincinnati Convention by
that statute. 1 deny your right to plead the ji
statute asrainst the Cincinnati Convention, until >;
after the "meeting of the Charleston Convention. |!
The Cincinnati platform is the fundamental, un- j,
ulleiable law of the Democratic party until the
mooting of the Charleston Convention. Con-
gressmen have no right to change it. Senators
have no right to change it. Cabinets cannot alter ,
it; and the"President, I know, will not attempt to '!
do so. I deny the Senator's right to come in with j
this plea for the President, implying thereby that, j
he has changed his opinion, when that same :
opinion was last year the doctrine of the Demo- i
cratic party, and cannot be changed for four years i i
to come by the party organization. I am per- i
fectly at home when you come to the discussion
of the question whether a man is inside the party J
or not. I have been in the habit of discussing ]
these platforms and helping to make them. I j
stand now where I stood last year; not because , |
I am unwilling to change, but because I believed
I was right then, and I believe I am right now.
The Stnator from Pennsylvania has told me j
that I actually voted for the Toombs bill last j
year. That is true; and, as 1 said to-day, I am j
ready to vote for it again. He voted for it last j
year, and so did the gentlemen around me. Let j
us vote for it again, and hare no quarrels among 1
ourselves. It will not do to taunt me with having
voted for a measure last year which I am for new,
but which you are not for.
Mr. BIGLER. I certainly did not present the
case in that spirit at all; nor did I look at it in
that point of view. I gave it no such aspect
whatever. I presented it in this point of view:
the Senator, in his speech to-day, had held that
it was a great wrong upon the people of Kansas
to put a government in operation through the
agency of their territorial laws and a territorial
convention, the whole of which had not been
submitted for their approbation; and yet only a
short year ago he voted for an enabling act which
put a State government into operation without
submitting any part of it to the people. That is
what I said.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My explanation of that is
to be given in the precise language of the expla-
nation of the President of the United States in
his message, in which he says that, in his in-
structions to Governor Walker, he took it for
granted that the constitution was to be submitted
to the people under a law that was silent on the
subject. The Toombs bill being silent, I took it
for granted too, and I supposed every other man
did, that it was to be submitted. I merely adopted
the same process of reasoning that the President
himself says he adopted, and which he was
amazed to find was not carried out. If the Pres-
ident was right in taking that for granted, I do
not know why I was not right in taking the same
thing for granted.
Again, I will ask the Senator to show me an
intimation from any one member of the Senate,
in the whole debate on the Toombs bill, and in
the Union from any quarter, that the constitution
was not to be submitted to the people. I will
venture to say, that on all sides of the Chamber
it was so understood at the time. If the oppo-
nents of the bill had understood it was not, they
would have made the point on it; and if they had
made it, we should certainly have yielded to it
and put in the clause. That is a discovery made
sines the President found out that it was not safe
to take it for granted that that would be done
which ought in fairness to have been done.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not pretend to know any-
thing on this subject which may not appear la
the Journal of Debates. I shall not hold the Sen-
ator to anything that does not appear there; but
this 1 will say, that I was present when that sub-
ject was discussed by Senators before the bill was
introduced, and the question was raised and dis-
cussed whether the constitution, when formed,
should be submitted to a vote of the people. It
was hold by those most intelligent on the subject,
that in view of all the difficulties surrounding that
Territory, the danger of any experiment at that
time of a popular vote, it would be better that
there should be no such provision in the Toombs
bill; and it was my understanding, in all the inter-
course I had, that that convention would make a
constitution and send it here without submitting
it to the popular vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator says he will
not undertake to state anything that did not occur
here in debate and appear in the published debates,
intimating that he has no right, as an honorable
man, to do it. I will not undertake to intimate
and insinuate that which, as an honorable man, I
am not at liberty to express in the body. If he
means to insinuate that I was present at such a
debate and sanctioned that doctrine, let him say
so. If he is not willing to say it, let him not in-
sinuate that I was present, privately sanctioning
a measure that I now publicly am not willing to
avow.
Mr. BIGLER.. If I am constantly at fault in
matters of courtesy, it is painful to me. I never
have so failed to observe propriety before. Per-
haps I have spoken wrongfully on this subject.
I have told the Senator from Illinois before that
I should not in any way attempt to reflect upon
him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will bring this to a close.
I will release the Senator fromal! secrecy, if there
is any, and ask if he knows that, directly or indi-
rectly, putjlicly or privately, anywhere on the
face of the earth, F was ever present at such a
consultation, where it was called to my attention,
and I agreed to pass it without submission to the
people? I now ask him that question, with all
secrecy removed.
