1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
But if a committee is charged with an express
duty, separate from the general duties of the com-
mittee, by resolution of the House, and the com-
mittee refuses to carry out that instruction, then,
sir, I hold that it is a question of privilege that can
be raised by any member of this House. And
then the facts'are presented to the House; the jour-
nal of the committee, showing its action, is laid
before the House; and the House determines
whether the committee has complied with its order
or not. If it has, then, of course, the committee is
free from censure; if it has not, then it is subject
to the censure of the House, and the House can
either give the committee new instructions, or dis-
charge it entirely and raise a new one.
The question now presented by the gentleman
from Illinois is: Has this committee obeyed the
orders of the House ? He proposes to lay before
the House the journal and proceedings of the com-
mittee, ail that they have to say in their defense,
as well as what is charged upon them. Thatpre-
sents the question of privilege in the enly shape
in which it can be presented as a right. In any
other mode it can only be presented as a matter
of courtesy, and I hold that the privileges of the
House can rest upon no such basis. In my judg-
ment, this is a clear case of privilege which any
member has a right to raise, and it becomes the
duty of the House to act upon it, and to take such
a course as they may think proper.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Speaker, I am one of
those who believe that parliamentary law and
practice required that this committee should have
been so constituted as thata majority ofitshould
have reflected the opinions of the majority of this
House; but whether so constituted or not, I hold
that it is the duty of the committee to carry out
theorderofthe House; and if they fail m sodoing,
that they would be in contempt of the House, and
ought to be discharged, and another committee
appointed that would carry out the order of the
House, or such additions made to the committee
as would attain that end. But, Mr. Speaker, how
are we to know whether this committee has carried
out the order of the House in the present aspect
of the case? Here we have,on the one hand,the
gentlemanfrom Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] whostates
that the committee have not carried out the order
of the House; and here is the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] on the other, who comes j
forward and takes precisely the opposite ground, I
and alleges that the committee have executed the
order of the House. Well, they are both highly
honorable gentlemen, gentlemen of undoubted ve-
racity. How can the House tell, in this state of
the case, what the facts are, and whether the com-
mittee has discharged its duty or not ? Sir,itcan-
not be done by allowing individual members to
come forward and make statements of what has
transpired in the committee. The proper way to
get at it, in my humble judgment, is to submit
here the official record of the proceedings of the
committee. 1 understand that such a record was
kept. I understand that that record includes the
entire action of the committee, includes the repoi t
of the gentleman from Georgia, includes every-
thing connected with the whole investigation, from
beginning to end.
Now, sir, in my judgment, the proper way is
not to take verbal statement of any member of the
committee, or to allow it to be made; but let the
gentleman from Illinois submit his statement—
call it a report, or record, or what you will—and
let the gentleman from Georgia do the same with
his. We shall then have all the facts before
us.
Mr. QUITMAN. I am sorry to be obliged to
call the gentleman from Indiana to order, but I
feel bound to do so. My point of order is, that
the question before the House is whether the de-
cision of the Chair, that this is not a question of
privilege, shall be sustained ? That is the whole
question.
Mr. ENGLISH.. That is the very point I am
speaking to.
Mr. QUITMAN. I am not prepared at this
' moment, before a report has come in, to go into the
' question, whether the committee has discharged
  its duty ? We shall be able, I think, to show, at
! the proper time, that we have not failed to perform
' our duty, as gentlemen charge.
\ The SPEAKER. The pending question is,
f whether this is, or is not, a piivileged question ?
t Mr. ENGLISH. I am alluding to these facts
for the purpose of giving my views in reference to
that point.
Now, I desire to inquire of the Chair whether,
if the House should allow the gentleman from Il-
linois and the gentleman from Georgia to submit
their statements, reports, or whatever you may
call them, so that all the facts may be brought
before the House, it will not then be in order to
move to print those statements or reports, and to
postpone their consideration to some future day, in
order that gentlemen may examine the records, to
see whether the committee has executed the order
of the House ? for this is the point in dispute. I
submit that question to the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is exactly
what I have been desiring all the time, that the
House should allow our report to be presented,
and also the statement, or report, or record, or
what not, of the minority, and order them to be
printed.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have the floor.
Mr. GROW. My point of order is, that the gen-
tleman from Georgia cannot interrupt the gentle-
man from Indiana except for personal explana-
tion. The gentleman was so kind to me when I
was speaking that I want to return it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
propounded the question to the Chair, whether or
not, if the report and journal and the views of
the minority of the committee should be presented,
it would be in order to move to print them, and
postpone their consideration to a day certain ?
Mr. ENGLISH. Yes, sir; that is my ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The report can be received
by unanimous consent; and when the reportshall
have been received by the House, and also the
views of the minority, it will then be competent
for the House to take such order as it chooses m
regard to them; and a motion to print arid post-
pone would be in order.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to ask further,
whether, in the event that this matter shall be post-
poned to a day certain, after receiving the state-
ments of these gentlemen, and adopting an order
to print, it will not be in order, when that day
arrives, to discharge this committee, to recommit
with instructions, or to add to the committee?
The SPEAKER. The papers will be within
the control of the House; and it is the impression
of the Chair—the Chair throws it out as an inti-
mation—that the House can make whatever dis-
position of them it chooses, either by discharging
the committee, recommitting, reinstructing, or in
any other way.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then, I appeal to parties on
all sides to allow that course to be adopted, to re-
ceive the papers from both these gentlemen, aitd ;
fix a day when the matter shall be considered; and |
then let the gentleman from Illinois withdraw his j
appeal. [Cries of " No! no!"] I ask the unani-I
; mous consent of the House that the gentleman
; from Illinois and the gentleman from Georgia be
| allowed to submit their reports.
| Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object now,
I and at all times.
; Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the gen-
! tleman from Indiana to yield to me for a sugges-
i tion.
j Mr.WASHBURN, ofMaine. I would like to
1 state to the gentleman from Indiana the reasons
: why I object.
| [Loud cries of " Object!"]
! Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the gen-
i tleman from Indiana to permit me to have read a
1 resolution which, if he do not see fit to adopt it
; as his own, I will offer after he has taken his seat,
j if I am fortunate enough to get the floor. I think
! it will meet fairly the difficulties of this case.
The resolution was read for information, as
! follows:
I Rcsolvel. That the whole matter now before ttie House
i be made the order of the day for Tuesday, the 16tli instant,
1 at one o "clock, when the majority report of the special ran-
1 mittee on Kansas affairs, togctliorwith the report of the mi-
j jioj ity of said eommittpe, shall be submitted to the House.
i Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object.
Mr. ENGLISH. I take it that my proposition
is a better one than that. I want these reports to
be printed, so that we may have an opportunity
of considering them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. With the leave of the
gentleman from Indiana, I desire to present a
proposition which I think will exactly meet his
views, and meet the exigencies, in which the
House finds itself placed. Hoping that this con-
troversy and difficulty may pass away as a sum-
mer cloud, leaving no trace behind it, and enabling
the country to come directly to a proper under-
standing of all this matter, and to arrive at a just
and patriotic conclusion, I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That both branches of the special committee
to whom was referred so much of the President's message
as relates to Kansas, &c., be permuted,each, as fully as it
pleases, to submit to-this House all proceedings of said com-
mittee, or failures to proceed, and all facts which either
branch may regard as material or proper; that such reports,
when made, be printed, and be made the special order for
Wednesday next.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
Mr. STANTON. If the report of the majority
of the committee recommends no action by the
House, so that there can be no danger from its
presentation, I certainly can see no objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. English.]
Mr. ENGLISH. I understand this to be the
state of the case. Even if the gentleman from
Georgiashould, in the statement which hesubmits,
recommend the adoption of a resolution by the
House, it does not follow that the House is bound
to adopt that resolution, or to concur in the state-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia. Not at all.
The whole subject will be open for the action of
the House when the day arrives. Therefore, the
objection of the gentleman from Ohio amounts to
nothing. We arc not going to be entrapped in
this thing. When the day arrives to which this
matter will be postponed, it will be then open to
the action of the House. We may then discharge
this committee, and provide for the appointment
of another committee that will execute the order
of the House; or we may get at it in some other
way, by recommitting it with instructions, or
adding to the number of the committee. Thera
are various ways in which the House can secure
that which it desires to be done.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to ask the
gentleman this question: suppose that after we
have got the reports in the House the previous
question should be called, and that it should be
seconded: what would then become of the ques-
tion ?
Mr. ENGLISH. If they have a majority,
I say let the will of the majority prevail, no mat-
ter what that may be. That is my answer to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. I apprehend,
however, that the majority will be the other way,
and that the order of the House will be carried
out, as it ought to be carried out.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Montgom-
rey,] that I have repeatedly stated that I wish to,
give ample time for debate on this report. Per-
haps the gentleman did not hear me. I wish the
House to understand that I will allow ample time
for debate. I will allow three days; and I think
that is enough.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The honorable gen-
tleman from Georgia is but one member of the
House. There are a great many others. If tha
previous question should be called and seconded,
that would be an end of this controversy.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I generally
! speak for my friends.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I do not know that
' the gentleman is authorized to speak for them.
; Mr. ENGLISH. I have this much further to
. say on the subject. I understand that the gentle-
; mail from Georgia proposes, in his contemplated
i report, simply to submit a resolution, expressing
I an opinion. That resolution will not be final at
i all. He does not propose, as 1 understand him,
j to submit a bill, or joint resolution,providing for
j the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
! constitution. I ask the gentleman from Georgia
whether he designs anything of the sort?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not.
Mr. ENGLISH. Very we'll; then there is no
i way in which the anti-Lecompton men in the
> House can be entrapped, because the gentleman
i simnlv proDOses to submit a resolution.
! Mr! CAMPBELL. If the subject be brought
legitimately before the House, it would be, in my
opinion, the right of a member to move to amend
! by inserting a bill, and the House might he
