22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Mr. BIGLER. I shall say distinctly what my
recollection is clear about, regardless of any con-
sequences. I remember very well that that ques-
tion was discussed in the house of the Senator.
I am not certain that he participated in that dis-
cussion; but I know that X did. It was urged—
I think more especially by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] not now in his seat—
that, under all the circumstances, there oughtnot
to be a provision inserted requiring that constitu-
tion to be submitted to the people. I do not say
that the Senator from Illinois participated in the
discussion. My recollection is not clear on that
point; but it is clear that, in an interview with
some three or four members, who were talking
about the introduction of that bill, that subject
was talked over. I have said that it was always
my understanding that that convention would
have a right to make a constitution, and send it
here, without submitting it to the people.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I never have insisted that
there was a clause in that bill expressly requiring
the constitution to be submitted to the people.
The point I have made was, that being silent, it
was understood as a matter of course that it was
to be submitted. Such a clause was unnecessary.
That was the President's construction of the act
of the Kansas Legislature. That was my con-
struction of the Toombs bill. That I may have
known there was no such clause, is unquestion-
ably true; but that I was a party, either by pri-
vate conferences at my own house, or otherwise,
to a plan to force a constitution on the people of
Kansas without submission, is not true. That
the bill was silent on the subject is true, and my
attention was called to that about the time it was
passed; and I took the fair construction to be, that
powers not delegated were reserved, and, that of
course the constitution would be submitted to
the people. The point I made on the Senator
was that he insinuated that I was a party to such
an arrangement privately, which he was not at
liberty to tell, and yet he insinuated the very fact
thathe, asan honorable man, could not tell. If a
point of honor has restrained him from telling it,
a point of honor should restrain him from insin-
uating it.
Mr. BIGLER. In my anxiety to relievo the
feelings of the Senator from Illinois, I fear I may
have done injustice to myself. Now, sir, 1 wish
to account for the impression which was on my
mind, and to make no imputation on him. I had
called his attention to the Toombs bill because it
was in derogation of the doctrine he has laid down
here to-day. When he says there was no senti-
ment of that kind declared in the Senate, 1 say
I hold that Senator only to the record here—only
to the Journal of Debates. What next, sir? I
justified myself in what I had said by an allusion
to a discussion of that precise question with mem-
bers of this body. My purpose was to show the
Senator that 1 should not have made this allega-
tion without some clear impression on my mind.
That impression, I tell the Senator from Illinois,
was strengthened by other things. It was strength-
ened by the fact that when he made the prepara-
tory bill for the admission of Minnesota, he pro-
vided, in express words, that the constitution
should be submitted. If it is an inference irresist-
ible, that a constitution must be submitted when
the enabling act is silent, why insert it in the
Minnesota bill? There it is inserted, and I thought
it reasonable—I always believed it. I believed it
was wise to put it in that shape, in view of the
surroundings in the Territory of Kansas. I do
not impugn the Senator'sintegrity, or his patriot-
ism, or his high motive, or his courage, or any-
thing that periains to him personally. Ho has
had no more constant admirer thanmyself—none
who has defended him oftener. I thought I was i
doing justice to myself. On account of what I
heard in regard to the Minnesota bill, I got the
impression that unless Congress required the sub-
mission of the constitution to a vote of the people,
that course need not be pursued.
Mr. HALE. I rise simply for the purpose of
making an inquiry. This matter has been pretty
tolerably well elucidated; but the honorable Sen-
atorfrom Pennsylvania, if I did not misunderstand
him, said that, at a private meeting at the house
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, there was
a talk that owing to some peculiar circumstances
it was not prudent to submit the constitution to
the people of llans^ s. I desire him to state what
some of those peculiar circumstances were which
rendered it inexpedient and unpatriotic. I have
not the slightest controversy with the Senator
from Illinois on that subject.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire is much more familiar with the surround-
ings in Kansas than he affects to be to-day.
Mr. HALE. I did not know what you talked
of over there.
Mr. BIGLER. I had reference (and I think I
made that very clear) to the condition of the Ter-
ritory, the bitter feud that divided the people
there, the strifes and violence that were likely to
interfere with a fair election. I said distinctly
that the circumstances rendered a fair exercise of
the elective franchise exceedingly difficult. Who
has said more on that point than the Senator
from New Hampshire ? Who has talked more
about usurpation and violence there, and keeping
free-State people from the polls? I had the same
impressions then that I have now. In all the
votes I gave I was controlled and impelled by
nearly the same motive as noV, and that was to
get Kansas into the Union, whenever she came
up in an allowable shape, in order to settle the
controversy.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must ask the Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania whether he means to intimate that
m my house, or any other, these considerations
were urged why we should pass the bill without
a provision to submit the constitution to the peo-
ple ? Does he mean to say that I ever was, pri-
vately or publicly, in my own house or any other,
in favor of a constitution without its being sub-
mitted to the people
_ Mr. BIGLER. I have made no such allega-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. You have allowed it to be
inferred. I do not want a false impression to be
inferred because the scene is located in my pri-
vate parlor. Of what importance is it whether in
my house or yours, unless I was a party to an
agreement of that kind ? If I was, let it be said;
if I was not, acquit me of it.
Mr. BIGLER. I stated that I bad no recol-
lection of the Senator participating m that con-
versation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, if I had nothing to do
with it, and was not there, I do not know what
my house had to do with it.
Mr. BIGLER. What I said was the truth,
and that is the only defense I have to make before
the Senate, and the country, and my God.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I regard the
questions raised in this discussion as of the very
highest importance, looking to the structure of
our federal Government, the extent of the agency
of Congress, and the extent of the agency of the
people in the formation of States, and in the ad-
mission of States into the Confederacy. As such
I am not willing to see the subject pass off with-
out a more elaborate investigation. J do not feel
prepared this evening, but I desire to be heard on
it myself. With the consent of the Senate, there- '
fore, I will move to postpone the further consid-
cr.uion of the subject until to-morrow. ;
Several Senators. Say Monday. j
Mr. GREEN. If it be the wish of the Senate, '
I will move to postpone it until Monday. !
The motion was agreed to. !
EXECUTIVE SESSION. . !
Several messages, in writing, were received '
from the President of the United States, by J. B.
Henry, Esq., his Private Secretary. j
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the Senate i
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi- 1
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors :
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. j
Wednesday, December 9, 1857. !
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. j
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved. !
QUALIFICATION OF A MEMBER. j
Hon. Hen-ry w^inter Davis, a member from >
the State ofMaryland, appeared and took the oath |
to support the Constitution of the United States. |
ELECTION OF PRINTER. |
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to !
know what the question is before the House this
morning ?
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the resolution and substitute offered by the
gentlemen from Alabama and Virginia, [Messrs.
Houston and Smith.] The pending question ia
on seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, which was called by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the ques-
tion before the House connected with the organ-
ization of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
that by unanimous consent we shall proceed to
the drawing of seats.
Several Members. Finish the election of
Prin tei first.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce and put upon its
passage a bill,"the reading of which will satisfy
every member of this House that it ought to pass
without objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I notify the gentleman that
I object to everything until the pending matter is
disposed of.
Mr. FAULKNER. The bill is to supply an
omission in the enrollment of the act for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1858.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. FAULKNER. The bill would have
passed almost by this time, had there been no
objection. It is a matter of public consequence.
'The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the res-
olutions- offered by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] and the substitute offered by thfc
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith.]
The original resolutions were read, and are as
follows:
Resolved, That the House now proceed to the election of
a Punter for the House ofRepre&entattves duiing the Thir-
ty-Fifth Congiess, with the piovibo that the House retains
the ngiit in Congress to modify the existing law on the sub-
ject of public printing, as it may see pioper, the Printer
who may be electcd under thfs roolution receiving said ap-
pointment or election with and upon tiie condition above
set imth.
Jlesoh>cd, Thar a committee of be appointed hy the
Speaker to examine into the laws in relation to the printing
lor the House ot Repiesenlatives, the prces paid therefor,
and the duties of the Public Printer, who-e duty it shall be
to report thereon, with the least piacticable delay, together
with such change or improvement therein as they may
deem advisable.
The substitute was read, and is as follows:
Rcsolced, That a committtee of be appointed by the
Speaker to examine into the laws in relation totho printing
for the Hou«e of Representatives, the prices paid theiel'or,
and the duties of the Public Printer, who?e duty it -hail be
to tcpoit thereon with the least practicable deiav, together
with -meh change or mipiovemcnt theiein as" they may
derm advhablo.
.IndbcU fu.ther resolved, That until such report and
action thereon by this Iiou<e, the election of Public Printer
Mall be postponed: and tlmt, m the mean lime, the Cleifc
of the House shall have such printing evceut<*d, on the beat
tuim> practicable, a* may be icquned by the House..
Mi-. HOUSTON. I suppose the blank ought
to be filled with the number of the committee. I
would propose " seven.
No objection being made, the blank was filled
with " seven."
The SPEAKER. " The question is upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ban*ks and
Barksdale were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 95, noes 95.
The SPEAKER voting in the affirmative, the
previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question to
be put.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order to more to lay
the substitute upon the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order,
but its effect will be to carry the original propo-
sition with it.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order, then, to de-
mand a division of the question ?
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
put upon agreeing to the substitute. The ques-
tion nov/ is on ordering tlic main question to be
put.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. As I un-
derstand thn rules, if we refuse to order the main
