1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1169
man from Indiana will add to his proposition,
that no bill or resolution shall be offered by way
of amendment, or adopted by the House-, and
that no action of the House shall be construed as
an admission of Kansas, I will not object to it.
Mr. HUGHES. I rose to a question of order;
and ! wish the Chair and the members to under-
stand that I insist upon my rights. I have the
right to be heard, and T intend to nave it. My
question of order is this: that the question befote
the House is upon the appeal of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris.] I recognize no form
of submitting a proposition for the action of a
legislative body, except in the form of a motion
or resolution. I conceive that the line of argu-
ment my colleague has pursued has no reference
to the question before the House. It has been
objected to by other gentlemen; and I insist upon
the objection. ,
Mr. ADRAIN. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Indianais continually rising
to questions of order, and he is not in order in
doing so. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman is too late.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have no disposition to par-
ticipate further in the debate, and I appeal to the
House for the last time, whether the proposition
I have submitted will receive the unanimous sanc-
tion of the House. Let each of the gentlemen
submit their reports now, but without bill or joint
resolution; let an order be made to print them,
and that the whole subject be postponed until this
day week; and I would here remark, that neither
of the gentlemen propose to submit either bill or
joint resolution; and it is well known, and has
been so stated by the Speaker, that a simple res-
olution cannot be amended so as to make it a bill
or joint resolution, and consequently no advant-
age could be taken. Is there any objection ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object.-
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then I move to postpone the
further consideration of this subject until this day
week, and call for the previous question upon it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope it will
not be postponed, but that we will have a vote
directly upon the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
whole subjcct on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. Was not that ques-
tion taken yesterday?
The SPEAKER.. It was.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is it in order to
make that motion again ? . • ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it is, under the ruling the Chair made the other
day upon a question raised by the gentleman
from Virginia. The Chair is of opinion that it .
would not be in order to repeat a motion to lay |
on the table while the matter is in the same legis- !
lative condition; but in this instance debate has
ensued, and the House is entitled to the privilege (
of a motion to lay upon the table after that do- '
bate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to inquire of the
Speaker whether, if the previous question should
be sustained, it would not cut off the motion to
postpone ?
The SPEAKER. Itwould.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Has the previous
question been demanded on the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones?]
The SPEAKER. It has not. The gentleman ,
from Tennessee has moved to lay the appeal .
upon the table. The Chair would suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana that, if the previous |
question should be sustained, it would cut off the ;
motion to postpone. !
Mr. ENGLISH. Very well; then I withdraw |
the demand for the previous question. 1
Mr. STANTON (at three o'clock, p. m.) moved
that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones s mo-
tion: and it was decided in the negative—yeas
109, nays 111, as follows:
V \«ilAIes«rs. AW, Anileit-on, Arnold, Attorn, Avery,
Eh 1 ,'Lc. Bishop, Bocock, Bontam, Bow.e Boyee Bryan,
limn- (Jaskie, Chapman, John B. warn, nay,
of MOsmnuok, iwwdelt, Lrtmumbon,
Elliott, Eustfo, Faulkner, Florence, Gartrell, Gilhs Goodft,
Grwuwood, Gregg, Uaien, Hopkins, Houston, j
Hughes, MuyiPfj* Jackson, Jenkins, Jewell, George VV. '
... . .   's, 1*11 MCI . iUiiOl'U . liimui !*5 I CUIIIC-
ton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, 'amtinan, Ready,
Reaiail. Iteilly, Kufliu, Ed-sell, Sandidgu, Savage, Scales,
Scott, Sealing. Seward, Henry M. Sliaw, Shorter, Sinsle-
ton,   uel A. SnMth, William Smith, Stallworth. Ste-
phens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbott, George Tay-
lor, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Ward, Wairen, Watkms, White,
Wliiteley, Win-low, Woodson, Wortendyke. Augustus R.
Wright, John V. Wriubt, and ZollicoSi'er—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain. Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
linsrhurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Cockerill, Colfax, Comins, Oovode, Cox, Gragin,
Curtis, Damrell, Davis ofMaryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Duifee, English Farnsworth, Fenton, Foley, Fos-
ter, Giddings, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger,
Groe.-beck, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall. Har-
lan J. Morrison Harris,Thomas L. Harris, Haskin, Hoard,
Horton, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp,John
C. Kunkei; Lawrence, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy. Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Montgomery,
Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Free-
man H. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olm, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ricaud. Ritchie,
ltobbms, Roberts, Boyce. Aaron Shaw, John Sherman,
Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Wil-
liam Stewart, Tappan, Thayer. Thompson, Tompkins, Un
derwood, Wade, Walbridge, VVaWron,Walton,Cadwalarter
C. Washburn, Ellibu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wilson, and Wood—111.
So the House refused to lay the appeal upon
the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. FENTON stated that Mr. Clark B. Coch-
rane had paired off with Mr. Keitt.
Mr. PURVIANCE stated that Mr. Edie had
paired off with Mr. Moore.
Mr. PHILLIPS stated that Mr. Hickman was
detained from the House by indisposition, and
had paired off with Mr.iSicKi.Es.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, stated that Mr.
Hill had paired off with Mr. McKibbin.
Mr. KEITT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Clark B Cochrane upon all questions re-
lating to this subject.
Mr. SHORTER stated that Mr. Moore was
confined to his room by indisposition, and had
paired off with Mr. Hickman.
Mr. SPINNER stated that Mr. Morse, of
New York, had paired off with Mr. Garnett.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that Mr.
Clarke, of New York, was confined to his bed
by indisposition.
Mr. LAWRENCE said: I have voted "ay;
but with the understanding I have had that the ap-
peal will be withdrawn, I change my vote, and
vote " no." I believe the decision of theChains
correct.
Mr. ENGLISH said: Without intending to
commit myself against the decision of the Chair,
I shall, upon this question, vote " no."
Mr. GROESBCCK said: With the same un-
demanding as my colleague that the appeal shall
be withdrawn, I vote " no "
Mr. HALL said: Before I vote I desire to say
that some two weeks since, upon an understand-
in^ with Mr. Winslow, I paired off with Mr.
Branch. My understanding of the terms of that
pair is that it expired on Monday last. I wish to
inquire of the gentlemen from North Carolina [Mr.
Winslow] if that was his understanding also ?
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman hom
North Carolina was not in the Hall.
Mr. HALL. Well, sir, I learn from members
around me that my understanding is correct,and
I desire to vote. Without committing myself
ajrainst the decision of the Chair, I vote no.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
recorded above. , .
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, obtained the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman yield me the floor? .
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. 1 will yield to the
gentleman for a moment. , .
Mr BURNETT. I object to this farming out
of the floor. I insist upon proceeumg >^gulal^;
Let the gentleman from Illinois make his speech,
and, then, if my colleague can get the floor
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. W ell, I yield the
floor unconditionally.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, (at twenty- ,
five minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,) moved that (
the House do now adjourn. j
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tnc yeas and j
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, withdrew
the motion to adjourn.
The question recurred on the appeal: " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the House?"
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, after
the long discussion that we have had ihis morn-
ing upon the question pending before the House,
I do not feel disposed to occupy much of its time,
particularly in view of the action that £ proposd
to take. It was my purpose to have replied fully
to the remarks of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens.] Both the arguments adduced
and the positions taken by him 1 think I could
meet and most successfully rebut. In thatopinioa
all that has since been said more fully confirms me.
But in view of the influence of friends who desire
that the question should come up in a more simple
form, I propose to adopt a different line of action.
When I proposed to submit the journal and
minutes of the committee, 1 proposed to embody
in them the report made by }he gentleman from
Georgia as I find it in the papers, as I supposed,
published, as he announced it would be, by his
authority. In that manner I should have pre-
sented the whole question to the House, embody-
in^ everything connected with the action of the
committee, so far as the record of the committee
is concerned, and so far as the action and views
of the majority of the committee are concerned.
The proposition, then, that I had in view, was
one that, in my judgment, presented the whole
case fully and fairly before the House; so that it
could act understandingly and express its opinion
upon the full case as presented. I am still satis-
fied that this can be done in a different way, and
done as effectually.
Among the various propositions that have been
presented, however, there has been none that fully
meets my approbation. The gentle man from
Georgia proposed that by unanimous consent he
should be allowed to present his report; that the
views of the minority respecting the action of the
committee, which, in the opinion of the minority,
embraced a question of privilege, should also be
submitted; that both should be printed, and that
their consideration should be postponed to some
day next week. I would not consent to that ar-
rangement m the form in which it was presented.
Something further is requisite. The House wi.l
observe the position in which I and those who
entertain opinions like those which I have ex-
pressed, stand. To attempt to report upon the
merits of the propositions embraced in the reso-
lution under which we were appointed, entertain-
ing the views we now do, would be, to a great
extent, to stultify ourselves, by attempting to
report upon that which we allege has not been
duly and properly investigated by the committee.
Therefore, in discussing the proposition that I
have made m connection with this question, which
1 hold to be a question of privilege, I have not dis-
cussed the merits or demerits of the proposed
admission of Kansas. I have not alluded to that
subject directly or indirectly, except as bearing
upon the question that now arises. But 1 intend
to reserve to myself and those who afef with me,
whatever the action of the House may be upon
this special report, the right to present hereafter
such views and opinions as we entertain upon the
questions embraced in that resolution, i he doc-
ument embodying the views of the minority upon
the action of the committee, amounts to little more
than a demurrer to the action of the majority, it
that demurrer should be overruled—of which 1
enteriain no apprehension or fear whatever—then
we of the minority will ask to present our views
upon the question, so far as those views can be
propei ly dedueible from matters in the posses-
sion of the committee and in the possession of
the House. And I here ask the gentleman from
Georgia, whether, in case anything should occur
hereafter, there would be any objection to the mi-
nority of the committee presenting their views on
the question, which they have not done in this
point of submission that I have made? 1 want
to know from him now, whether there will beany
objection on the part of him or his friends, as _far
as he is authorized to speak for them, to the
adoptinsrof such a course? _ .
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Lsay to the
gentleman, none whatever. That is w
a r.-. '.-k in presenting the report of In'- committee.
