24.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
sacliusettsj Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, l>ick, Dodd, Dur-
fec, Edie, Fenton, Poster, Giddings, Gilman, Goodwin,
Granger, Grow, Itobeit B. Ilall, Harlan, Hoard, Hoiton,
Howard, Kellogg, Keteey, Kiigore, Knapp, John O. Kun-
kel, Leech, Letter, Lovejoy, Morgan,Morrill, Freeman H.
ftlorse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Mmray, Nichols, Olin, Pal-
mer, Paikor, Petut, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Puiviancc, Ritchie,
Robbins, Roberts, Royce, John Sherman,Hudson W. Sher-
man, Spinner, Stanton, Wilham Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, WaSbrulge, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Cadwalader C. Wughburne, EShhu C. Washburne, Is-
rael Washburn, Wilson, and Wood.
For Gales $ Seaton—Massis. Gilmer, Maynard, and Ed-
ward Joy Morris.
For Robert Cau-tkon—Mr. Powell.
James B. Steadman having received a ma-
jority of all the votes cast, was declared duly
elected as Printer of the Hou.se for the Thirty-
i^iftlfCongress.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following resolution in regard to the organization
of the House; and upon it I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House, immediately after
the passage of this resolution, place in a box the names of
each member and delegate of Hie House of Representatives,
written on a separate slip of paper; that ho then proceed,
m the presence of the House, to draw lrom said box, one
at a time, the said shp* of paper, and as each is drawn he
shall announce the name of the memltei or Delegate upun
it, who shall choose hi-> <.ent for the present session •
Provided, That before said dntwjfig shall commence, the
Speaker shall cause eveiy >eat to be vacated, and ?-hail see
that every scat continues vacant until it is selected under
tins ordei, and that each t-eat, after having been selected,
shall be deemed vacant if leit unoccupiedbefoie the calling
of the toll is linirdird.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I aslt the gentleman from
Illinois to withdiawhisresolution for a moment,
in order that I may offer one providing means to
pay the clerks, pages, and other employes of the
House, who have been dismissed. Many of them
live m distant States, and of course it costs them
more to remain here until next week than their
pay amounts to.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will hear
the resolution read.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Resolved, That theCieik be, and he u hereby, authorized
to pay to the oiTicet^,cl<'tk-, nir.->si'ii^(M>, and otheif,
employes ot the lloti e of Representative - .-mee the com-
mencement of the piesent m>moii, such siim^ as may bo
due to them for attendance and setvices under the existing
laws, rej-olutiojis, and regulation's <>f the liou.-o.
Mr. WASHUURNE,of Illinois. If there is no
objection to the 1 evolution, and it can be adopted
without debate, 1 will withdraw mine
Mr. SMIT11, of Virginia. 1 should like to bo
informed as to the necessity of the resolution.
If services have been rendered, of course the
Clerk will pay for them. I object to the resolu-
tlOll.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
adhere to my resolution, and call the orcvious
question on it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS, Before the clrawingcommences,
I desire to say that, on Monday last t informed
the House that my colleague [Mr. Ovuittiieiis]
was unable to be present in consequence of severe
illness. I now ask that some member of the Mis-
souri delegation be permitted to draw for lum.
Several Mumbkus objected.
Mr. HATCH. My colleague [Mr. Corning]
is unavoidably absent to-day. 1 hope one of the
New York delegation will be allowed to select a
seat for him. [Loud cries of" Object."]
The House then proceeded to execute its order.
The seats were all vacated, the members crowd-
ing outside the bar, and occupying the reporters'
desks, eagerly waiting the chances of the lottery.
Each member, as his name was drawn from the
box and announced by the Clerk, selected his
seat for the session. The process occupied more
than an hour, and was the occasion of much mer-
riment.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. GROW, as soon as the members were all
seated, gave notice that he would to-morrow, or
on some subsequent day, introduce a bill to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public lands.
TIIE NEW HALL.
Mr.WARR.EN. I desire to move that a com-
mittee be appointed to ascertain and report when
it will be prudent for the House to remove into
the new Hall. [Cries of " No, no, you've got
a bad seat!" and laughter.] I am serious. I
believe that the new Hall is now ready for occu-
pancy.
Mr. KEITT. Provide, then, that the present
draw shall hold good in the new Hall. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, no; I object to that.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the House do now
adiourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that the
gentleman will waive that motion to enable me to
move that, until otherwise ordered, the daily hour
of meeting shall be twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 withdraw the motion for that
purpose.
Mr. Jones's motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. BOCOCK, the
House (at half past three o'clock, p. m.) ad-
journed until to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 10, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. James A. Bayard, of Delaware, appeared
in his seat to-day.
COURT OP CLAIMS.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Court of Claims, made in
pursuance of law, transmitting the opinions of
that court adverse to the claim of Frederick
Griffing; the claim of Francis Picard, adminis-
trator of Pierre Ayott; the claim of George W.
"Dow and John H. Ditmas; the claim of Daniel
Van Winkle; the claim of Joseph Loranger; the
claim of Michel Musy and Andre Galtier; the
claim of Henry G. Carson, administrator of Cur-
tiss Grubb, deceased, su rviving partner of Curtiss
and Peter Gi ubb; the claim of Philip Lamoy; the
claim of Ezra T. Marnay, administrator of Lewis
Mai-nay; the claim of Henry Miller; the claim of
.Stephen C. Hayden; the claim of David NobJe;
the claim of Joseph Stokely and others; the claim
of Jeremiah M. Williams and others; the claim
of Arnold Harris, administrator of Robert Arm-
strong; the claim of E. B. Chamberlain and others,
heirs of Joshua Chamberlain; the claim of Eliza
Shdflcr; the claim of Augusta Demers and others,
administrators of Francis Chandolet, deceased;
the claim of Alexander H. Cook; the claim of
Joshua R. Jinvett; the claim of John M. Thome;
tho claim of J. C. Buckles; the claim of James
Thompson; the claim of J. H. King, adminis-
trator of James Greer; the claim of T S. J. John-
son; the claim of Abraham King, administrator
of John Mondeville; the claim of Llewellyn Jones;
tlie claim of Robert S. Garnctt; the claim of
Robert C. Thompson, administrator of Wil-
liam Thompson; the claim of Ann W. Butler,
administratrix of Richard Cutler, deceased; the
claim of Christiana Dener; the claim of Stephen
C. Phillips; the claim of Ellen Martin; the claim
of Francis Natlean; the claim of A.braltani R.
Woolley; tho claim of Ralph Richardson; the
claim of Nathaniel Williams; the claim of Hugh
Hughes; the claim of R. L. Page, administrator
of William B. Page; and the claim of Robert Har-
rison; and also the opinions of the judges in the
case of Letitia Humphreys.
Also, decisions of the court in favor of the
claim of Jane Martin; the claim of Melinda Dur-
kce; the claim of Sarah Weed; tho claim of Mary
Pierce; the claim of Ann B. Johnson; the claim
of Hannah Mcnzics; the claim of Benjamin L.
McAtce and J. N. Eastham; the claim of Rebecca
P. Nourse; the claim of Anna Hill; the claim of
Polly Booth; the claim of Sarah Eaton; the claim
of Temperance Childress; the claim of Elizabeth
King; the claim of Lydia Clapp; the claim of
Elizabeth Morgan; the claim of Phcbe Polly; the
claim of Nancy Ittig; the claim of Mary Ann
Hooper; the claim of Almira RenifF; the claim
of Sarah Loonns; the claim of Mary Grant: the
claim of James Mc. Mcintosh; the claim of Neal
Smith, administrator of William Turvin; the
claim of Charner T. Scaife, administrator of Gil-
bert Stalker, deceased; the claim of William II.
Russell; and the claim of Ferdinand Coxc;
Accompanied by the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Jane Martin, of the
county of Harrison, State of Virginia;
- A bill for the relief of Melinda Durkee, of the
State of Georgia;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Weed, of the
county; of Albany, State of New York;
A bill for the relief of Mary Pierce, of the
county of Courtland, State of New York;
A bill for the relief of Ann B. Johnson, of the
county of Henrico, State of Virginia;
A bill for the relief of Hannah Menzies, of the
State of Kentucky;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin L. McAtee
and J. N. Eastham, of Louisville, Kentucky;
A bill for the relief of Rebecca P. Nourse, of
the State of Kentucky;
A bill for the relief of Anna Hill, of the county
of Monroe and State of New York;
A bill for the relief of Polly Booth, of the
county of Madison, State of New York;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Eaton, of the
county of Worcester, State of Massachusetts;
A bill for the relief of Temperance Childress,
of the State of Virginia;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth King, of the
State of Virginia;
A bill for the relief of Lydia Clapp, of the
county of Washington, State of New York;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Morgan, of
the county of Rensselaer, State of New York;
A bill for the relief of Phebe Polly, of the
county of Otsego, State of New York;
A bill for the relief of Nancy Ittig, of the coun-
ty of Herkimer, State of New York;
A bill for the relief of Mary Ann Hooper, of
the State of Virginia;
A bill for the relief of Almira RenifF, of the
State of Virginia;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Loomis, of the
county of New London, State of Connecticut;
A bill for the relief of Mary Grant, of the State
of South Carolina;
A bill for the relief of Captain James Mc. Mc-
intosh, of the United States Navy;
A bill for the relief of tlie heirs of William
Turvm, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Charner T. Scaife, ad-
ministrator of Gilbert Stalker;
A bill for the relief of William H. Russell; and
A bill for the relief of Ferdinand Coxe.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. STUART. I desire to present to the Sen-
ate a memorial of the board of education of the
State of Michigan and of the faculty of the Agri-
cultural College of thatState, praying fora dona-
tion of land for the Agricultural College. As it
is upon an important subject, I ask the consent
of the Senate to have it laid on the table, and
printed. When the committees shall be formed,
I shall ask its reference to a committee; but as
it is very short, I desire to have it printed. I
make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BRODERICK presented a resolution of
the Legislature of California, in favor of an addi-
tional allowance to the officers and men of the
Army who served in the Pacific division, and
also to the officers connected with the Light House
Board of that coast; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California, in favor of a uniform rate of
postage, the payment by the Government for all
free postage matter, and the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of California, m behalf of William Grove Deal,
for relief given by him to the indigent sick at Sac-
ramento City, California, in 1849 and 1850; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to enable the people
of tho Territory of Kansas to hold a convention
to form a constitution and State government pre-
paratory to their admission into the Union on an
equal footing with the orgmal States.
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill making grants of public
land to actual settlers.
Also, a bill for the relief of George P. Marsh.
Mr. GREEN gave notice of his intention to
