1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 12,
I have no doubt that the House would be willing
to allow a week or ten days for the minority to
present their report. I have no sort of objection;
and I think I may speak with confidence for this
side of the House. •, . j
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to understand
this matter exactly. I do not know that I do un-
derstand it; but, if I do, I shall object. I under-
stand tiie gentleman from Illinois to claim the
right now to file before the House a demurrer to
the action'of the majority, as presented in the re-
port of the committee. He asks that, on that de-
murrer to the action of the majority, he shall have
the benefit of a trial before the House; and that,
if he be defeated on that trial, he may come up
again with a second report, and try the question
over again.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I, and those with
■whom I act, claim nothing as a matter of benefit
or privilege at the hands of those who oppose us
in this thing; and if they want to object to the
minority making a report, let them do so when
this thing comes up.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection at all
to the gentleman making his report in the regu-
lar way; but what I object to is this: that a mi-
nority of the committee should take one chance
with their report, or their demurrer as the gen-
tleman calls it, which is in fact a report, and
then, having failed in that, be allowed to take an-
other chance. I do not want any person to bind
my action here, I have only risen in order to
place myselfin my proper position hereafter, that
my own action may be controlled fairly and with
a distinct understanding on the part of members.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am very glad
that the gentleman from Virginia has expressed
himself so fairly as ho has done. Ho only mis-
apprehended—very greatly, however—the object
which I had in view. It was not to claim any-
thing at the hands of those who oppose those j
who have acted with me in this matter. But, as 1
gentlemen have been anxious for a proposition
on which all parties could agree, I proposed to
submit that as a question of the purest fairness
in the world; and one which 1 really supposed
would not be objected to. I did not propose it
from any particular desire that the House should
assent to it; but because I apprehended that if I
did not, some member might, when the question
came up, do as the gentleman from. Virginia de-
clares he will do. I therefore thought proper to
call the attention of the House to it. If that bo
the course which the gentleman is determined to
take, then my course is determined.
Mr. CLAY. May I be allowed to ask what is
the question before the House
The SPEAKER. The appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair, taken by the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. CLAY. Has the gentleman withdrawn
that appeal ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have not.
Mr. CLAY. Then how came up these ques- i
tions of compromise ? [
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. These questions |
have been before the House for the last two hours, 1
by universal consent. That is how they came up. ;
Mr. CLAY. They have been objected to time j
and again. ]
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. They have been '
objected to and acquiesced in.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the gentleman whether he
now withdraws his appeal.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have not with-
drawn it.
Mr. CLAY. Then I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will confine himself to the subject-matter of the
appeal.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If these proposi-
tions have been made with a view of coming to a
common understanding in relation to the question :
presented to the House, the anxiety did not ori- ■
ginate with me. 1 was anxious, however, to 1
meet the views of friends with whom I have been j
acting upon this question. When I took the ap-;
peal from the decision of the Chair, I did it with j
a consciousness that the decision of the Chair was j
wrong, and ought to be reversed by the House, j
Still, however, reserving to myself the same
right which I claim, to make this report of mine
whenever the report of the gentleman from Geor-
gia shall be presented, I can withdraw the appeal
which I have taken from the decision of the
Chair, and shall do so without assenting to the
presentation of the report of the gentleman from
Georgia. I am compelled to that course by the
declaration made by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher.] i
Had there been an understanding that this ar- j
rangement should be carried out as it was origin-
ally proposed to be carried out by gentlemen, in
the spirit in which they professed to act,I would
have been willing, for one, to withdraw any ob-
jection to the presentation of their report. After
the declaration of the gentleman from Virginia,
objecting to that arrangement, I shall withdraw
my appeal from the decision of the Chair, and let
the gentleman from Georgia take his chances to
make his report.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD (at fifteen min-
utes before four o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed till Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 13, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. C. H. Hall.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed'Mr. Hen-
derson to fill the vacancy in the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, which was cre-
ated by the retirement of Mr. Thomson, of New
Jersey.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 6) making, appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859—
to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 05) for the relief of Thomas Smith-
ers—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 208) for the relief of the heirs of
Alexander Stevenson—to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 210) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives or assignees of James Lawrence—to
the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 212) for the relief of N. C.Weems,
of Louisiana—to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
A bill (No. 213) for the relief of Francis Wlo-
decki—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 218) for the benefit of the captors
of the British brig Caledonia, in the war of 1812—
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 225)to increase the pension of John
Richmond—to the Committee on Pensions.
The message by which the above-named bills
were communicated to the Senate, also transmit-
ted a bill (H. R. No. 216) for the relief of Doctor
Chailes D. Maxwell, a surgeon in the United
States Navy. It was not referred, the Senate
having heretofore passed a bill of the same char-
acter.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Texas, requesting the Senators and
Representatives of that State in Congress to use
their best exertions to procure the enactment of
alaw for the payment to that State of the balance
remaining in the Treasury of the United States
of the appropriation for the payment of a certain
portion of the public debt of Texas; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHTpresented the petition of D. Mer-
iwether, praying that an appropriation be made
for the payment of his salary as superintendent of
Indian aftairs in the Territory of New Mexico,
from July 27, 1854, to April 30,1857; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Cyn-
thia Cony, widow of Samuel Cony, a seaman in
\ the Navy in the last war with Great Britain, pray-
I ing to be allowed a pension, to datefrom the time
| of "her husband's death; which was referred to the
j Committee on Pensions.
j Mr. BIGLER presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying that the proposals
| by Thomas Rainey for carrying the mails by
1 steamers between that city and Brazil, via Savan-
nah and certain places in the West Indies, maybe
accepted; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of George Chor-
penning, praying remuneration for losses sus-
tained by himself and Absalom "Woodward, by
Indian depredations, while carrying the mails
from California to Salt Lake City, under contracts*
with the Post Office Department; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
Charles Knap, praying payment for iron fur-
nished, under the contract with the Secretary of
the Treasury, for the new custom-house at New
Orleans; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Arnold
Harris and S. F. Butterworth, sureties of William
G. Kendall, late postmaster at New Orleans,
praying to be released from the payment of a judg-
ment against them; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BRODERICK, it was
Ordered, That the memonal of the Penny Post Company
of California, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph
Hardy and Alton Long, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 198) for the relief
of Joseph Hardy and Alton Long. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
ABIGAIL NASON.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senate to take
up a little bill which once passed this body with-
out objection, and has been twice unanimously
reported by the Committee on Claims. It is the
bill (S. No. 137) for the relief of the heirs-at-law
of the late Abigail Nason, sister and devisee of
John Lord, deceased.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It directs that there be paid to the heirs-at-law
of the late Abigail Nason, sister and devisee of
John Lord, deceased, late of South Berwick, in
the State of Maine, the sum of $322, in full for
the amount due to John Lord for services per-
formed by him as a seaman on board the United
States ship Ranger, during the revolutionary war.
This claim is founded upon the allegation that
John Lord served his country, during the war of
the Revolution,as a seaman on board the United
States ship-of-war Ranger, from April or May,
1779, to May, 1780, when she was taken at the
surrender of Charleston, and that he was detained
on board a guard-ship some time afterwards, and
finally liberated about the last of July—making
in all fifteen months.
In the original petition of Mr. Lord for the pay-
ment of this claim, which was presented 'to the
Twentieth Congress, he assigns as the reasons
why his claim was not sooner urged, that at the
time of his discharge ho did not know that any
provision had been made by Government for pay-
ing off the seamen; nor until 1798, when, on hia
return from a foreign voyage, he was informed
by Captain Wardvvell that ho and other rangers
had been paid. He then applied to an agent to
assist him in procuring his pay, but without suc-
cess.
It appears that there are no records of the
Ranger in either the Treasury, War, or Navy
Departments; but the case has been twice favor-
ably reported in the House of Representatives,
and once a bill passed for its payment; but it being
near the close of the Congress, the bill does not
appear to have received any action in the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ROSS WILKINS AND OTHERS.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 58) to authorize and direct
the settlement of the accounts of Ross Wilkins,
James Witherell, and Solomon Sibley.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
