1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21S5
The bill and amendment were read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and having been en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
GEORGE M. GORDON.
Mr. COBB. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Lands to report back Senate bill (No.
83) to vest the title of certain land warrants in
George M. Gordon. I have taken up very little
time of the House. I have made no Kansas
speeches. I ask that the bill be put upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to the bill.
Mr. COBB. Send it back here, then.
LAND GRANTS FOR RAILWAY PURPOSES.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands 1
are prepared to report against the following res- J
olution referred to.them: I
Resolved, That the communication of the Secretaiy of j
the Interior m reply to the le-jolution of the. l-Iou<e of the I
loth instant, calling formformation in regard to the amount I
ofland certified to'the Slate of Jowa foi building a jaihoad i
fiom Dubuque to Sioux City, and a ceitam bianch theiein 1
named, bo referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
that they be instructed to inqune into ail facts; in ielation to
building the said branch of the said road, w hethei the main
trunk off-aid road ha* been completed beyond the point of
intersection of the said branch,arid whetherthe &aid branch
has been completed in confoimity with the provisions of
the act of Connies, and if not, to leport such action to the
House a-s may bo deemed expedient and proper in the prem-
ises.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
that report coming in now. I want to develop
some of the facts in the case for the information
of the House.
REBECCA M. BOWDEN.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported n lull for the relief of
Rebecca M. Bowden, of Prince George county,
Virginia; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask that that bill
be put on its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. KELSEY. I think that the law passed
the other day provides for that case.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It does not. It is
for a poor widow in the State of Virginia.
[Cries of l£ Pass it!"]
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
the third time; and, being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the thud time, and passed.
RAILROAD GRANTS.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported adversely on the petitions of Ash-
bum Regan, and others, in reference to grants of
land for railroad purposes m Missouri, which
were laid upon the table, and the report ordered
to be printed.
ANTOINE BAUBIEN.
Mr. "YVALBIUDGE. from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported adversely on the petition
of Antoihe Baubicn; which was laid upon the ta-
ble, and the report ordered to be printed.
JOHN M'NEIL.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill (No. 100") releasing to
the legal representatives of John McNeil,deceased,
all title of the United States to a certain tract of
land, with an amendment; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, wall the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
ISAAC DREW AND OTHERS.
Mr. BENNETT, from the Gomnnttce on Pub-
lic Lands, reporfed a bill for the relief of Isaac
Drew and others, settlers upon the public lands
in the State of Wisconsin; which was read a fust
and second time.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask that the bill be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. QJJITMAN. I move that the hill be re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope there
will be no objection to the consideration of the
bill now. If the gentleman from Mississippi will
hear one word of explanation, I am sure that he
will raise no objection to it. 1 will state that this
bill is for the benefit of sundry poor men who
have settled by accident on the public lands in
Wisconsin. It happened in this way: Wiscon-
sin was entitled to five hundred thousand acres
of land when she became a State. In making
the selection, sonic forty thousand acres were se-
lected more than the State was entitled to. While
those forty thousand acres were supposed to be-
long to the State of Wisconsin, sundry persons
settled upon them. When the case came to be
adjudicated by the General Land Office, those se-
lections were rejected, leaving the persons who
had settled upon the lands without remedy. This
bill allows them, as they have settled upon the
lands m good faith, a right of preemption upon
the lands thus settled upon. I will state that the
bill has been submitted to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office arid meets entirely with
his approval, and I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
I would inquire if this is a private bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is a bill
for the relief of Isaac Drew and others.
Mr. BRANCH. Yes, but it embraces a very
large class.
The SPEAKER. The bill seems to be a public
and a private one—both.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, if it is a mongrel bill,
I reckon it is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the objection comes too late,the bill having been
read twice.
Mr.iQJJITMAN. My objection to the bill was
this. I was unable to hear it read, and I will not
vote for any measure which I do not distinctly
understand. I am satisfied with the explanation
of the gentleman from Wisconsin, and withdraw
my motion.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand it, this bill
pioposes to confirm these locations, and the ptu-
ties will get the lands on the lines of railroads for
$1 25 an aero instead of $2 50. Will they not5
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. They will
get the lands at the minimum price.
Mr. LETCHER. Ought it not to be ^2 50?
Mr. COBB. If the lands are within six miles
of the road the minimum price is $*2 50 an acre.
Mr. LETCHER. That is not in the bill. j
Mr. COBB That is the price they will have j
to pay when they so to enter the lands. j
Mr. LETCHER. The bill states at the min- !
imum 'price. |
Mr. COBB. The committee had this subject ■
under consideration, and supposed that the min- j
imum price of the lands within six miles of the ,
road was 50 an acre.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I want the §2 50 put !
in the bid. j
Mr. COBB. There is no objection to putting
it in, but it is not necessary. !
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will state !
that the bill, as reported, meets the entire ap- |
pi oval of the Commissioner of the General Laud j
Office. The minimum price of the lands lying j
within six miles of the road is fived by law at j
$2 50. . . i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire |
how Ions: these people have been on the lands ? j
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Some of i
them four or five years, and some of them longer. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Were they on the j
lands before the. ra'hoad grants were made? !
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Most as- i
suredly they were.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, then, I hope i
they will not be made to pay $2 50 an acre for their ;
lands. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope not, ;
eithei.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that, to
say the least of it, it is very improper and unjust. ;
Mr. LETCHER. You are beginning to see
the color of the animal now.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then oidered to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
Mr. LETCHER. Has the bill been engrossed >
The SPEAKER. It has nut.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I object to the third
reading.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe the ques-
tion is, "When shall the bill have its third read-
ing ?" and the House can now fix the time.
The SPEAKER. The House has already or-
dered it to be engrossed and read a third time; but
the gentleman from Virginia objects to its being
read a third time now, as it has not yet been en-
grossed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Well, I
move to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
andupon that motion I demand theyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 25, nays 118; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Aveiy, Bowie, John B. Clark,
Curiy, English, Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood, Thomas L
Hams, Jackson, Jenkins, Landv, Leidy, Millson, Isaac N
Morris, Niblack, Phillips, Sandidge, Scott, Searing, Sew-
ard, Singleton, Geoige Taylor, arnd White—25,
NAYri—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Atkins, Bennett,
Bingham, Blau, Branch, Buffmton,Burlm«ame,Case,Cas-
kie, Challee, Claw&on, Clay, Cieineivs, Cobb, Colfax, Co-
min<?, Covode, Cox, Cragm, James Cratg. Curtis, Damrell,
Davi-> of'Marvland, Davia of Massachusetts, JL)avi& of Iowa,
Dawes, Dimimck, Dodd, Dowdell,Durfee,Edi(v, Edmund-
son, Farnsworth, Fenton, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gar-
nett, Gartrell, Oilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gregg,
Grow, Robert B. flail, J. Moruson Harris, Hawkins, Hill,
Hopkins, notion, Howard, Huylcr, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Kiigore, Knapp,
John C. Kunkel, Lawience, Leach, Leiter, Letcher,
Lovejov, Maclay, McQueen, Humphrey MaiMiall, Sam-
uel S. Maithall. Mason, Mattcpon. Maynaid, Moore, Mor-
gan. Moinll. Udwatd Joy Moms, Oliver A. Morse. Mott,
Palmer, Parker, Peyton, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Reagan, Ri-
caud, Ritchie, Robbins, Rovce, Ruffin, Ru&bell, Scales,
Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, .Robert
Smith. Stanton, Stevenson, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Tomp-
kins, Trippe, Undeiwood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. VVaf-hburne,
Israel Wa-hbum, WiWon. Win-slow, Woodson, John V.
Wnght, and ZolhcofFer—118.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he had
paired off for the day with Mr, Stewart, of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. EARNS WORTH stated that he had been
requested to announce that Mr. Giddintgs had
paired off for the rest of the session with Mr.
Warren.
The bill, being now engrossed, was read the
third time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Andiews, Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Bli-s-. Bowie, Branch, Biyan, Butfinton, Builingame,
Burn-. Campbell, Ca^c, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clay, Cobb,
John Coclnane, Cockenil, Colfax, Comm«, Covode, Cra-
gm, Curtis, Damrsll, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawe&, Dunnuck, Dodd, Durfec,
Farnsvvorth, Fenton. Florence, Foley, Foster, Gaitiell,
Oilman, Gilmer, Goocli, Goodwin, Grander, Grow, llobeit
B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris,Thomas L. Harris, Hill, Hoard,
Ilowaid, Geoige W.Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Kelsey, Knapp,
John (J. Kunkel, Leach, Leidy,Leiter, Lovejov, McQueen,
Matteson, Maynaid, Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Laac ft. Morris, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Niblack,
Ohn, Palmer, Parker., Pottit, Phelps, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbing Royce. Sandidgp, Scott. Searing,
Seward, Aaron Shaw, John Shei mat), Shorter, Singleton,
Spiunei, Stanton, Tappan, Miles Taylor,Tompkins, Trippe,
Underwood. Wade.U albndge, Waldron, Walton. Cadvval-
ader C.Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wa&Iiburn,
WiUon, Wood, and Woodson—109.
NAYS—Me4us. Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bocoek, Bray ton. Ca^kic, Clemen*. Crawford, Curry, Ed-
niund-'on. English, Faulkner, Gainctt, Goode, Gregg, Hop-
kins, Jackson, Jewell, J. Glancv Jones, Owen Jones,
Landv, Laurence. Letcher, Ilumphipy Marshall, Miltaon,
Moon.1. Pe\ton. Plnlhpa, Reagan, Russell, Stevenson.Tal-
bot, George Taylor. Watkins, John V. Wright, and Zulli-
c oliei—Gd.
So the bill was passed.
Pendii-2: the call of the roll,
Mr. McQaJEEN stated that he understood in
committee that the word " minimum" in the bill
mt $2 50 per acre for the reserved sections of
J. With that understanding, he voted "ay."
COBB. That was the unanimous under-
standing of the committee. That is the principle
they have adopted.
Mr. SCALES stated that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should have
voted " no."
mea
land.
Mr
