1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
the prospect of despotism now thundering at our
very doors. Next was the bold,reckless—attempt
shall I say; no, the perpetration of the perfidious
national, or rather sectional act of the abrogation
of the old Misstturi restriction. I know it has
been harped upon enough; it is thoroughly un-
derstood by our people, and the indignation of all
just men rises in proportion to the enormity of the
act. There was no palliation; there was no ex-
cuse for it. The ingenuity of man has never yet
been able to conjure up a reason that would cover
the enormity of that wicked and unjustifiable act.
You say the restriction was unconstitutional. I
will not argue that point. I know it was consti-
tutional, because the principle of it had the sanc-
tion of all the great lights of constitutional law for
more than seventy long years. Every depart-
ment of the Government had sanctioned it as a
constitutional act. The greatest jurists in the land
had so pronounced it—men whose prejudices
were all the other way, southern gentlemen who
■would have been glad to find an excuse in the
Constitution to abrogate or get rid of it. Mr. Cal-
houn, the great light of southern rights, conceded
its constitutionality. Your Presidents all upheld
it; your judiciary sustained it; your Congress rat-
ified it as often as the question was made. It was
left to lesser lights, in a less pure period, 1 fear,
of the administration of our Government, to dis-
cover that the Constitution had no warrant for
this great act—this act of peace as it was called.
It had been an act of peace, whether just or un-
just, and I think it was unjust in the commence-
ment. I believe, as a northern man, that if I had
been in Congress at that day, I should have stood
with those who repelled all the pretensions of the
South. Itissaid theyagitated then,and shook this
nation to its very center, making direful threats
of what would be done unless some compromise
could be made in regard to that Territory. I would
have stood, looking them in the eye, hand to hand,
and 1 would have settled the question then I
would have settled it so that it should stay settled
forever. All their croaking and grumblmst I
would treat as a surgeon would treat such conduct
on the part of his patient. I would have ampu-
tated the limb, and the question should have been
settled then.
But a few northern men thought otherwise. A
few of them joining with the entire South, settled
that controversy by that great "compromise, as it
was called, and the country reposed in peace under
it. It is true that the indignation of the North mo-
mentarily arose, and, I believe, they politically
laid in their graves all the representatives from
that region who consented to it; but, neverthe-
less, it was finally acquiesced in as a final settle-
ment of the controversy, and it preserved the
peace, for thirty-three years, of our Government.
After that lapse of time it was discovered that the
act was unconstitutional, and a great and violent
aggression upon southern rights. Why did not
Mr. Calhoun, who was in the Cabinet at the time
it was passed, discover it to bo unconstitutional?
Why did not all those men from that region of
country discover that the Missouri compromise
was unconstitutional ? Why did they sleep upon
their rights for more than thiriy-three years be-
fore waking up to a sense of the outrage and
wrong?
But, sir, passing by the point of its constitu-
tionality, for I want to leave nothing to cavil here,
suppose it was flagrantly unconstitutional, as you
claim that it was, is there no obligation of honor,
is there nothing sacred in a solemn agreement
between men who have a controversy and settled
it? Is there no obligation that they shall not
open it again ? If a man, who had a controversy
in a court of justice, and being doubtful how it
would be decided according to the rigid principles
of law, should agree with his adversary, and they
should pledge their honor to each other, " right,
or wrong, we will compromise," what would you
think of him if, after the price which had been
paid to him to accept the compromise was safely
in his pocket, he should turn around and say to
the court, " we made no compromise, and if we
did, it was not a legal one?" Sir, there used to
be such a thing as southern honor; but it was not
made manifest upon the abrogation of that com-
promise. That act was a flagrant aggression. It
was an outrage, viewed in any way you please.
It was done, as all the rest of your aggressions
are done, for the purpose of upholding human
slavery and rendering predominant in the nation,
politically, those who maintain it.
That act was done four years ago. Encouraged
again by ouraequiescence in it, and growing bolder
by the impunity with which these lawless deeds
had been done, you have ventured at last upon an
act, the doing of which was in principle precisely
that which aroused-our forefathers, and induced
them to look Great Britain's power in the face,
and to put her at defiance. They sought to rule
us; they sought to put down our principles of pop-
ular sovereignty by force and violence, by what
they called law; they denied toamajority here the
right to legislate for themselves, and claimed the
.right to legislate for us; they roused the lion in
*the heart of the people of this whole country, and
everybody knows the consequence. I am amazed
at the boldness with which this act is attempted.
The people are alarmed. I do not believe that
those who are urging this measure with such ve-
hemence upon the people, understand at all how
it is viewed in the country.
Now, sir, I have, given you a few specifications
of southern aggressions. I do not claim that they
were purely southern, for I know you had the
mercenaries of the North joined with you to help
you to do the deed; but nevertheless, you cannot
cover up your own want of principle behind those
traitors of the North, because you knew that they
were not backed by northern sentiment, nor au-
thorized to do what they did.
How is it on the other side ? It is claimed by
southern gentlemen that the aggressions are all
from the North; but they specify nothing. The
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,]
the other day—I do not see him now in his seat,
and I am sorry for it—said that, although they
dealt so kindly by us, though they had been of
such great ad vantage to the North, we had repaid
them by plunder and slander; we had constantly
plundered the South; and, almost in the same
breath, he declared—and he declared it triumph-
antly; and, sir, it makes my blood tingle in my
veins, when I have to admit that it was true—that
the slaveholders of the South have ruled this Gov-
ernment for sixty long years. Tiiat was true, sir.
With more than two to one freemen against you,
you have had the fortune to rule, with absolute
despotism, this nation for sixty years. If that
gentleman were here; I would propound to him
this inquiry; if you have ruled us, as you have
for sixty years, how do you reconcile that fact
with the assertion that we have robbed you; and
■why did you permit the robbery ? What act have
we—a conquered people, domineered over from
the outset—done ? How could we commit aggres-
sions upon you? Will any of you upon the other
side explain it? I know you are howling fre-
quently of aggressions at the North—of northern
fanaticism; and you cast upon us every oppro-
brious epithet that you can muster from the dic-
tionaries, in order to show that we are not, some-
how, well-behaved towards you; but you govern
us—you boast of it, and it is true. To-day every
department of this Government lies prostrate
under your heel, as it has for sixty years, as you
confess. Tell me, then, wherein we have tres-
passed upon your rights? How could v.'e do it,
if we would s
He wanted to know what guarantees we could
give that we would not plunder them with tariff's
and restrictions upon trade. Sir, we never have
plundered you in that way. If there has been a
tariff, your leading men have proposed it; you
have forced it upon the nation. If there has been
a Bank of the United States, your statesmen have
proposed it, and your votes have fastened it upon
the country. All those policies that you depre-
cate sprang from your own section, were pro-
pounded by your own statesmen, and were up-
hpld by their votes. We are the conquered people
whom you boast you have ruled for sixty years;
and you, the conquerors, complain of aggression
and wrong! The idea is' perfectly ridiculous.
You have molded the policy of this Government;
you have shaped the administration to suit your-
self; no measure has passed without your assent,
within my memory. I should like to hear south-
ern gentlemen to-day mention to me the act that
has passed Congress, or the policy of the Govern-
ment that has been carried into effect, unless it
has met the entire approbation of the southern
section of tins {Jnion. I ask for information—
what is it? I hope you will either answer me, or
forever hold your peace. Let us hear no more
of northern aggression, unless you can specify
m what it consists; for, as Lord Coke well said,
" fraud lurketh in generalities." We have plun-
dered you; we have trespassed on your rights;
but your bill of indictment specifies nothing.
Who can meet your charges ?
It is thought that we are very unreasonable
because we take so much interest in the institu-
tion of slavery. Now, sir, it requires but very
little sagacity to see how that must be. I have
been here long enough to know that that great
body of northern people who remain true to the
traditions of their fathers, who act up to the spirit
of those who inaugurated our institutions, ars
just as much proscribed from any of the benefits,
emoluments, or honors of this Government, as if
they were alien enemies. There are nearly thir-
teen hundred thousand voters belonging to the
great Republican party of the North, who, year
after year, see the Government administered by
hands that to them are alien, and they cannot
participate in it. Why? Because, when a nom-
ination comes before you, the question is asked,
how stands this northern man upon the institution
of the South ? What are his views ? Did he ever,
in an unguarded moment, give utterance to the
impulses of the heartof every freeman ? Did his
tongue ever pronounce that which the heart of
every freeman feels ? If he did, and any spy can
fish it up, and bring it here, he is proscribed from
any favors from the Government under which he
lives, and which ho supports. This should fur-
nish a reason to you why almost everything po-
litical that is unpurchasable in the market, that
grounds itself upon principle, and cannot be
swerved by those appliances, now ranks in the
great Republican party of the North. If men are
purchasable, if executive favor can reach and
sway them, if any of those appliances that are
brought to bear in political controversies can
swerve them from the truth, they have gone over
to you; they have repudiated the principles under
which they were born; they have forgotten the
sentiments that th"y imbibed even fiom their
mothers' breasts. Such men have repudiated all
this, and sworn fealty to an institution that they
hate; such are the men of the North who find
favor in this Government; the rest are aliens, pro-
scribed by you. Yet, sir, because they are not
perfectly patient under this state of things, they
are said to be fanatical Abolitionists. I should
like to know how long the patience of the South
would hold out? Let us reverse this nefarious
judgment; let northern majorities come here as in-
exorable as are vou; let us inquire, is he a slave
holder that is proposed for office? does he train
in their company? and if he ever dropped a word
that favored the institution of slavery, let us pro-
scribe him—would there beany shrieking? would
you bear it like lambs? I do you the credit of
saying that you would rise up under such pro-
scription as this, and show a spirit more worthy
of the fathers than we do on this side. I know
you would. If we should undertake to hold you
to those same intolerant and prescriptive princi-
ples that you exercise towards us," you would
hear a howl worse than Mr. Buchanan heard from
the South when Walker would not count fraud-
ulent votes.
Mr. President, I have stated some of the rea-
sons why northern men take a deep and abiding
interest in the question of slavery, because it
tends to fasten its nefarious shackles upon them.
We may just as well look it right straight in the
face, for it never will be allayed with sentiment;
you may sing hosannas to this Union until you
are hoarse; you may talk of our common blood
and our common memories;and you mayeulogizs
that great flag under which our fathers fought;
and you may go into hysterics on the subject; but
I tell you that governments, in the long run, will
be governed by their interests as they understand
them, and by nothing else. These are all very
pretty matters in their place, but the administra-
tions of government are made of sterner stuff.
They are never perpetuated by sentiments like
these. I say to you, Mr. President, there is, un-
fortunately—and I regret it as much as any other
man—a diversity between us in our government
that seems almost irreconcilable. I do not know
but that means may be found by which this great
gulf can be bridged ovei: but on the one hand
you find the freest communities that the world
