74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 9>
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Phillips.
Ho. op Reps.
ask my colleague a question, for I really feel some
interest in his opinion upon this point. I under-
stand him to say that the clause of the constitution
forbidding a change before 1864 applies to the
Legislature. I understand him to say that an-
other provision of the constitution provides for a
change by the people before 1864, or after, as the
case may be.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Yes, sir, at any time.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Now, sir,
what I propose to ask my colleague is in the way
of a practical question: I find that the resolution
of the Democratic convention of our own State,
which has just adjourned, contends for this same
power, and says the people have it by " regular
process." Now *1 want to know from him how
he would propose that the people should exercise
the power ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will tell the gentleman.
They shall petition the Legislature, who shall au-
thorize them to have a convention.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. But the Le-
gislature have no power before 18G4.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman is wrong.
The Legislature have power to propose legislative
amendments at any time, and the restraint upon
them is only after that time. I have a number
of precedents upon that point. The constitution
of Pennsylvania imposes a similar restraint upon
the Legislature; and yet my colleague will not rise
here and toll us that the people of Pennsylvania
are so restrained, and cannot have a convention.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I contend
that they are not restrained. They have a high
revolutionary right to change their government,
just «s the people of Kansas have; but it is not a
right by " regular process."
Mr. PHILLIPS. Well, I contend for the right
by regular process. I want to put down the exer-
cise of these revolutionary rights in Kansas. I
want to substitute regular process for the strong
arm of violence, with winch the Territory has
been too long governed.
The people of Pennsylvania may have a con-
vention when they please, but the Legislature
rannot propose amendmeni.x'oftencr than once m
Jive years. Th< 10 an:'two sections in the consti-
tution of the State oi Pennsylvania similar to the
two in Kansas; one acknowledging ami declaring
the right of the people at all /rmc.s, and the other
preventing and restraining hasty and too frequent
legislative action. I will refer my colleague to a
precedent. In 1776, Pennsylvania had a conven-
tion, over which Henjnnun Franklin presided 5 and I
they framed a constitution which contained a t
clause in reference to the right of the people, in j
similar phraseology to the clause in the constitu-
tion of Kansas, Ami it contained another clause
ten times as strong as the one in the Kansas con-
stitution, which piovnled that (here should be a
council of censors, {wo tbiids of whom should
propose amendments to the people. (A ppendix 1J.)
The censors met and would not propose amend- '
nients to the people. A majority were m favor r
of it; but not the requisite two thirds. They ad-
journed over till another year. The people then
tried agam to have their constitution amended by
what they supposed was the only "regular pro-
cess," but the council of censors again refused.
The constitution was defective in many things. It
had some j^ood things in it, but it was imperfect,
and its radical delect was that it provided for but
one branch of the Le^s.dature. When the coun-
cil of censors n-fused to call a convention to pro-
pose amendments, or to propose amendments |
themselves, the nrijot ny of that council addressed
the people, and, speaking of those who opposed
the nieasuic, saul, "'Their sullen t<oin this coun-
cil cannot rob you of your birthright."
They did not considei it a gift, an acquired
right; they claimed it as a born-right, a birth-
ri^lit, of which* they could not be depnvtd, espe- j
c:a!!y by a clause operative only upon that coun- '
cil, and mollectual upon the people whose rights
and powers had been preserved by the other clause.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. That was
revolution.
Mr. PHILLIPS. No, sir; it was not revolu-
tion: it vVjs regular process. It was put upon the
grouod that there was a reservation in that con-
stitution similar to the one here, and that that re-
servation v/as to be construed as I am contending
that this ought to be construed now. The Legis-
lature took the same ground. It was opposed then
as it is opposed now. It was insisted that the
" regular process" was the process of the council
of censors. But the Legislature overruled that,
and said, "You gentlemen who compose the coun-
cil of censors may propose amendments, and if
you do, it must be in the form prescribed; but the
people have, at the same time, the right to amend
orreform the constitution at theirpleasure;" and
the Legislature declared,and the people exercised
this right. This was not done without a struggle
of mind and argument; the minority insisting that
the only regular process was through the council
of censors, and that any otherattempted mode was
in itself a violation of the constitution, presented
plausible, yet unsound, reasons for their opposi-
tion to the call of a convention. A constitution
was framed in 1790; it had in it no clause pro-
viding for its change or amendment. Yet who
dared to dispute the right of the people to have
a change when they desired it? They have the
undoubted and hitherto undenied right either to
make an entire constitution or to amend the ex-
isting instrument.
Mr. Chairman, what is this clause in the con-
stitution of Kansas ?
<k Sec. 14. After the year 1864, whenever the Legislature
shall think it necessary to amend, alter, orchangc this con-
stitution, iliey shall teeommend to the electors at the next
general election, two thuds of the members of each IIous>e
concurring, to vote for or against calling a convention ; and
if it shall appeal that a majority of fill citizens of the State
have voted lor a convention, the Legislature shall at its next
regular session call a convention," &c.
Now, will any gentleman upon this floor con-
tend that that section interferes with the other
clause, giving to the people the right to amend
their constitution ?
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether he holds that,
where a power is granted, and the mode of exe-
cuting it is prescribed, it can be exercised in any
other mode cxcept that prescribed?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Of course not; but I tell the
gentleman from Ohio that there is express power
granted to the people, and that there is no restric-
tion upon the Legislature until after 18G4. This is
notagranfof power,but zireslraint upon it. When
you undertake to restrain a legislative body, and
*io deprive them of rights, you say it in words that
cannot be misunderstood. I have the authority
here, which the gentleman will recognize, of the
Topcka constitution. [Laughter.] TheTopeka-
ites know how to restrict the Legislature, when
they wanted to do it.
1 have said that this clause is operative only
upon the Legislature; but I mean to show that it is
not operative until after 3864. Will the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] a good and eminent
lawyer as he is, undertake to say that he is not
familiar with law after law beginning, that after
such a day such and such shall be the law ? And
will he rise here and assert that it will be the
law until the day specified arrives? I will show
the gentleman the Janguage which is used when
j the object is to prohibit anything being done be-
i fore or up to a given day. I read from the Topeka
j constitution, this Republican instrument winch it
] is insisted shall be the basis of the admission of
I Kansas:
4. No convention for the formation of a new con-
j Miluiion phnll he called, and no amendment to the consti-
I tuiion shall he, hy the (Jeneral As^emblv, made hefoie the
, jear JfcfM, nor mote than once m five yeais theieatter."
They recognized the difference between the two
! —the people and the Legislature. When conven-
tions want to prohibit the exercise of that power
j they use language that cannot be misunderstood.
If any one takes up the statute-books of the Uni-
! tnd States he will llnd hundreds of laws beginning,
that from and after a particular day there shall be
such law, and surely no member will argue before
| this body that before the time specified the law is
; operative or in force. I say that this clause in the
I constitution of Kansas is not of any effect what-
■ ever till 186-1. It then takes its place there, if not
| previously altered or expunged. It may not have
been so intended. The Topeka constitution is
very different. It prohibits the amendment of the
; constitution effectually before the year 180."). If
; this clause was intended to have a different effect,
; its fmniers have overreached themselves If it
i was intended for good, I can very well understand
the argument that, having made a new constitu-
tion, and infallibility not being allotted to man,
legislative amendments should be encouraged up
to 1864; so that, by that time, experience might
show its merits or defects. But at that time, the
constitution having been six years in existence,
it was thought should not be changed by hasty
legislative action, nor except by two thirds, and
in a more deliberate manner than previously. If
the motive was bad, then these men have signally
overshot their mark. I say you cannot take up
the statutes of State Legislatures, or the acts of
Congress, -without finding laws enacting that after
a day such shall be the law; and if that has been
construed to mean that the law should not go into
effect till that time, I want to see the judge who
would construe differently a restriction contained
in this clause upon the legislative power.
I hold the doctrine that the Legislature of a State
has all the sovereign legislative power, except such
as is for necessary purposes reserved, either ex-
pressly or by implication, to the people. It is not
new doctrine that I am enunciating here; but I
have been astonished at the ground taken by some
members in this matter. I do not know that they
want, willfully, to pervert the condition of things;
but the idea is absurd that, because a certain clause
in a constitution declares that the Legislature
shall be restricted, after a certain time arrives,
from amending it, except in a particular way, that
it is to be construed so as to restrain their action
before that time arrives. Until after 1864 it is
inoperative, as though it had been said that the
clause should not be inserted in the constitution
till that time arrives.
I quarrel with no man because he differs in opin-
ion with me. I agree with the gentleman who
last spoke in not deeming it essential whether this
is made a party test or not. I believe that this
constitution has been framed with all the require-
ments of recognized law; and I, for one, will never
sanction the rebellion that created resistance to it
from the moment of its inception. I have given
the highest authority, among the opponents of
the admission of Kansas, to show that it was
regular in everything, down to its submission to
a vote of the people. I have pointed gentlemen to
the case of the constitution of my own State made
in 1790, which was not submitted to the people,
and it remained unaltered for forty-eight years.
I can refer them to State after Stato, whose con-
stitutions were not so submitted. The State of
Indiana had a provision in her constitution that
it should only be amended every twelfth year;
but a new constitution was made m another year,
and was accepted without a murmur of illegality.
The man who would attempt to restrain the ex-
ercise of sovereign power by the people, would
meet that doom which every public man would
want to avoid.
Now, what do we gain by admitting Kansas
with this Lecompton constitution? In the first
place, do we violate any principle? If we do, I
will not vote for it. Popular sovereignty! A
great respect the professed majority in Kansas
can have for popular sovereignty when they come
here with their Topeka constitution, and say that
the people of Kansas cannot and shall not amend
their constitution for eight or nine yeais ! Sup-
pose this is a bad constitution ! Suppose that
it admits slavery, and that the people do not
want it there ! I do not believe that slavery can
exist there; I have not an idea that it can; and as
it cannot exist there as an institution, I would
rather see it out of the constitution. I do not ob-
ject to the existence of slavery in a State where
the people desire it. I do not want it in my State;
but I do not object to the fullest enjoyment of it
in a State where the people desire its existence.
But whether it is the slavery or any other clause
that is obnoxious to the people, I put my finger
on the clause that the people may alter their con-
stitution when they think proper; and 1 challenge
gentlemen to point to any clause which says that
it prohibits the amendment of the constitution at
any time—immediately, if the people choose it.
These are the views that I entertain. Unlike
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. English] who
preceded me, I have no apology to offer for avow-
ing the principles I hold, anil which have been
adopted by the party to which I am proud to be-
long—that party through which alone the liar-
