2188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
The report was read. It appears thereby that 1
after the acquisition of Florida, in 1819, various |
acts were passed by Congress for the adjustment ,
of private land claims within the ceded Territory,
but the tribunals authorized to decide them were !
not authorized to settle any which exceeded one i
league square; on those claims exceeding that ;
quantity they were directed to report especially j
their opinion for the further action of Congress, j
By the sixth section of the act of the 22d May, !
1828, all those claims exceeding the one league !
were, upon petition of the claimants, to be adju- j
dicated by the judges of the superior court of the |
district in which the land was situated. Theme- j
morialist shows that on the 24th December, 1817, '
Don Jose Coppinger, Governor of Florida, for j
reasons stated, granted to John Huertas fifteen
thousand acres of land in absolute propeity; and !
that on the 24th April, 1824, the land commission- j
era recommended to Congress, for confirmation, i
the claim of Francis J. Avice to six thousand !
acres of land, in certain locality, being a portion j
• of the fifteen thousand granted to Huertas. (See i
State Papers, vol. 4, page 450.) On this recom- j
mendation, accompanied by petition, final judg- J
ment of the Supreme Court of the United States |
was delivered by Chief Justice Marshall, (8 Pe-
ters, page 488,) confirming the decision of tliesu- ]
perior court of East Florida in favor of the claim- I
ants under Huertas to the six thousand acres !
mentioned by memorialist, to be located in con- !
formity with the original grant, &.c., &c. Under ;
this mandate, the surveyor general of Florida, in j
1850, located at the proper place two thousand six j
hundred and sixty-seven acres and seventy hun- \
dredths of an acre of the six thousand acres; bal-
ance being located elsewhere.
Dissatisfied with this failure to locate the whole
amount in accordance with the decree of the Su-
preme Court, the parties m interest obtained an
order from the United States district court in Flor-
ida for its rejection, in so far as it failed to conform
to that decree; and a new survey was ordered by
the court. This last order has not been carried
out by the Land Olftce department, because its ex-
ecution might interfere with claims of other per-
sons, made m good faith, after the first erroneous j
survey, and whose claims would be embraced by I
the extension of the two thousand six hundred
and sixty-seven acre tract, so as to make it six
thousand acres. Himself unwilling to disturb
settlers in good faith, the present claimant is will-
ing to take other Government land to make up
the deficiency. In response to a communication
from the committee, asking for any information
to be furnished by his department in reference to
this claim, the Commissioner of the Land Office
says:
"The bill to authorize flic claimants in right of John
liueitas to niter ceitam land-: mPlonda, wlm-ii herewith
relumed. !-. -appioved by tin-, frtlii e, and deemed an act of
justice to the rlnimnnN. Although it iscu^tomaij m e.ixe-;
of thi.s Kind lot thu oll'iee to recommend (lie icftnefion of
such cranio to lands sub/n t to private cn!r<i< that Hie h de-
parted (mm m I he prc--entin~>t.'Hie<', and th«* location allowed
on any lands m the ytatc,k olieied oi u nolle red," in consid-
eration of the (htlieulty of finding m the ela-> iiil.ject to enh y
land of a quahrv equal to that ol which the claimants have
been deprived."
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
CAKOJNDELET CITY.
A bill (H. R. No. 133) for the relief of the city
of Carondelet.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be issued to the city of Carondelet war-
rants to be located on any public laud subject to
private entry, equal in amount, according to the
minimum price of such landa, to the actual cash
value at the tune of sale, of so much of the tract
of laud lying in the county of St. Louis, Missouri,
heretofore gratuitously conveyed to the United
States by that city for military purposes, near
Jefferson barracks, and which has been excluded
from the Jefferson barracks tract, and disposed
of by the United States.
The report was read, and is as follows:
The Committee on Pnvate Land Chums to whom was
referred the bill for the idiot oi the city of Caiondelet, ic-
port
That, by the first section of the act of June "13, 1812, en-
titled 14 An act to make tutthei pioviMon for s,etthn<r the
claim* to land m the Teuitou of it is? piovided
that " the rurhts, titles, and claims to town lots, out lots,
common Held lots, and commons in, adjoining and belong-
ing to tho several tovviib oi village a of Portage do fcuoux, I
St. Chailes, St. Louis, St. JFerdmand, Village & Robert,
Carondelet, Ste. Genevieve, New Madrid, New Bourbon,
Little Prairie, and Arkansas, in the Temtory of Missouu,
which lots have been inhabited, cultivated, or possessed,
prior to the 20th of December, 1803. shall be, and the same
are hereby, confirmed to the inhabitants of the respective
towns or vdlages afoiesaid, accoiding to their several right
or rights in common thereto.'5
This act ve*ted a complete title in the lots, commons,
&c., in the individuals and communities leferre.d to m it.—
(Guitard us. Stoddard, 16 Hovvaid, p. 562 ) As, however,
the extent of the grants thus made were not clearly known,
it was provided that suiveys should be made by the United
States surveyor, which, when aeceptcd by the confirmee,
was conclusive against the United States that the land
granted was the same thus designated by the officers of the
Umted Suites. Accordingly, such a survey was made of
the commons of Carondelet in 1817, by Ehas Rector, which
was letraced by Joseph C. Brown m 1834, and the survey
duly recorded m the office of the surveyor general at St.
Louis.
In 1826, the town authorities of Carondelet granted to the
United States a part of their commons,   so long as it may
be found usetulfor mihtaiy puiposes." And it was under
this nuthoritv, and without any other claim at that tune,
that the United States took possession and erected Jeffer-
son barracks, as appears by a letter from General Atkinson,
late of the United States Army, dated 7th August, 1339, to
Mr. Poinsett. The authontiesofCarondelot, in 1839, hav-
ing denied the right of then piedecessors in 1826 to make
such a grant, the question of the extent ot the commons of
Carondelet was taken before the General Land Office, and
in 1840 the Commissioner of the General Land Office dis-
approved of the survey made twenty-three years before;
and, on the 10th November of that year, Mr. Poinsett or-
dered General Atkinson to have a survey, to include one
thousand seven hundred and two acres, made. This was
done, and the survey was sent to the General Land Office,
with a request that the Commissioner would have the sur-
vey noted in his office as a reservation of public land for rml-
ita'iv purposes; which was accoidiwzly done. The survey of
then common*, having been thu* set aside, the inhabitants
of Carondelet could neither enforce anv right asfun«t the
United States, or otners, m possession of the land ; and to
relieve themselves from this condition and piocure the reks-
tablishment of their survey, they made a deed to the Uni-
ted Sates for the land lying within it which had been thus
reserved for military purposes, and thereupon, in pursuance
of instructions from the Secretary of the Interior, the sur-
vey was approved on the 8th October, 1855, excluding there-
from the Jefferson barracks survey of one thousand seven
hundred and two acies.
The common-., a* shown by thesuivev as now approved,
includes the whole of the mihtaty reseivc, and it is there-
fore apparent that the only title of the United States to this
reset ve is that derived altogether from Caiondelet; whether
it was ptopor to extort tho conveyance fiom the inhabitants
of Carondelet m the manner evhibited hy the faet«« above
recited, it is not necessary here to inqune. The que?.tion
presented foi the consideration of tho committee was, whet It-
er. after thus obtaining a deed for this land without eons-id-
eiation, the possession of which was originally obtained
ftom Caiondelet 101 nnhtaiy purposes, the United States
could properly sell immediately a paitofit vi Jthout making
compensation to Carondelet for the portion so sold, and
winch was found unneeessaiv for .the purpose for which it
was conveyed to the Government. About one hundred
acies of this hind were thus disposed of, and it was tho opin-
ion of the committee that this portion of the land should
have been restovd to the people of Caiondelet. A pur-
chaser, with notice of such facts, would aeqiiue no title.
The land would revert to the donoi when the donee und< r-
took to alienate oi u<e it for a different purpose than that to
which it was to be devoted bv the e\pre?-s term.-' ol the cram.
Hut m this case the reemdsdid not give rioticc, and the peo-
ple of Carondelet have therefore no title to the spcetlie land,
hut can rightfully claim of the Government othci IamW>f
equal value.
The bill was laid afide to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARY JEMISON.
A bill (H. R. No. 25*5) for the relief of the heirs
of Mary Jemison, deceased. [Objected to by
Mr. Reagan.]
JOHN J. BULOW, JR.
A bill (TI. II. No. 253) for the relief of the heirs
of John J. Bulow, jr., deceased. [Objected to by
Mr. Morgan.]
WILLIAM HUTCHENSON. -
A bill (H. R. No. 254) for the relief of Wil-
liam Hutchenson.
The bill instructs the Secretary of War to pay
to William Hutchenson §150, in full settlement of
his claim for compensation for services as a spy
during the late war with Great Britain; and that
that sum be paid out of any money m the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
ft appears from the report that the petitioner
was a private in the company of Captain Noah
Forrest, which went from Harrison county, in the
State of Kentucky, during the late war with Great
Britain, and served in the northwest in the regi-
ment commanded by Colonel Butler. By the order
of the said Colonel Butler, a company of spies were
organized, and a promise was made to the men who
composed it that, in audition to their regular pay,
they should receive, for their services as spies, the
compensation of one dollarperday. The petitioner
became a member of that company, and was em-
ployed in the duty assigned it for a period of five
months, but has not as yet received any portion
of the compensation so promised. The commit-
tee recommend that the petitioner be paid for his
said service the sum of $150, being at the rate of
one dollar per day for the period he was so em-
ployed, and report a bill accordingly.
The bili was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
THOMAS FBENIX, JR.
A bill (H. R. No. 255) for the relief of Thomas
Phenix, jr., late paymaster's clerk in the service
of the United States. [Objected to by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee.]
OLIVER P. HOVEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 255) for the relief of Oliver
P. Hovey.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Oliver P. Hovey, out of any moneys iu
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, §1,555
compensation for printing the Iveainy code of
laws for New Mexico in 1846.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
HENRY E. READ.
A bill (H. R. No. 257) to increase the pension
of Henry E. Read, a citizen of Kentucky, and
for other purposes.
The bill raises the half pension heretofore al-
lowed to Henry E. Read, of Kentucky, a non-
commissioned officer in the Mexican>svar, to thir-
teen dollars a month.
The second section enacts that the benefits ac-
cruing to Henry E. Read, under and by virtue
of this act. shall commence March 3, 1848, and
continue for and during his natural life.
It appears from the report that Sergeant Read
entered the army intended for the invasion of
Mexico, in Louisville, Kentucky, in the spring
of 1847; that he was in every battle fought by the
American arms from Vera Cruz to the city of
Mexico; and until he fell desperately wounded in
the abdomen, in the right shoulder and rightarm,
at the storming of Chapultepec; that his conduct
in every engagement was that of a truly courage-
ous citizen soldier, until his fall at the storming
of Chapultepec, with the colors of his regiment in
his hands, on the 13th of September, 1847. The
committee further report that Sergeant Read's
profession or calling before he entered the Army,
was that of a blacksmith; and that he has been
compelled, by the wounds received in the defense
of his country, to abandon his trade; and that he
is wholly unable to perform manual labor, and is
in that condition at this time. The committee
further report that Sergeant Road was honorably
discharged from the service in the city of Mex-
ico, while m the hospital, whcic he lingered for
seven months, and had ultimately to find his way
home as best he could.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
AUGUSTUS J. KUIIN.
A bill (II. R. No. 258) for the relief of Augustus
J. Kuhn. [Objected to by Mr. Jewett.]
ISAAC CARPENTER.
A bill (H. R. No. 260) for the relief of Isaac
Carpenter.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Isaac Carpenter, of New York,
upon the invalid pension list, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, commencing on the 10th of
June, 1856, to continue during his natural life.
The report was lead. It appears therefrom that
the petitioner was a soldier in the war of 1812,
from September, 1813, til! the spring of 1815,
about eight months of which time he was an en-
sign, and the residue a lieutenant in the fortieth
regiment United States infantry. That m the
spring of 1814 he marched with a detachment of
his regiment from Boston, Massachusetts, to East-
port, Maine, a distance of about five hundred
miles, m thirty days; that the march was through
deep mud all the way, and storms most of the
time; that on the last day but one he marched
fourteen or sixteen miles knee-deep through snow,
mud, and water, when, having fell and hurt him-
self, he was seized with an attack of rheumatism,
