1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
pies you once professed, rigid State rights, yield-
ing to the General Government justas little power
as is possible to cement it together so far as to
provide for the common defense; for the moment
you drag these things into the General Govern-
ment, I assure you that you may preach concilia-
tion until doomsday, and conciliation will not
come.
I do not know, sir, what is to be the result of
this controversy. I know some of you threaten
to leave the Union unless you are gratified every
time a collision takes place between us; and that
Texas of ours -with which I opened this debate,
stands in a singular attitude towards us to-day.
I have in my drawer three resolutions of her Le-
gislature presented to us at this session asking for
men for her protection, and for sums of money
to indemnify her for expenses incurred, as she
claims, in protecting herself, and urging upon the
General Government to make further provision
for that State, which has already cost us so much.
Her Legislature has sent to us a fourth resolution.
I have not got it here, but I heard it read at the
table; and,if I understood itaright, she has given
us fair notice that she is about to go out of this
Union. At all events, I do not think that was in
good taste. I do not think it was politic; because
we may say to her, " if you are really going to
leave us, perhaps it is best for us to make no fur-
ther appropriation foryou." Why beg of us pro-
tection, and turn right around and tell us, " we
are going to put you at defiance; we are going to
hold a Hartford convention of the South, to de-
liberate whether we shall leave the Union ?" Be-
fore I vote for the supplies she aslc«, I think I shall
want to hear an explanation of this. I may want
to know whether they are to inure to the benefit
of the Union, or to furnish powder to blow out
our own brains.
Let me say here, Mr. President, that I have no
apprehensions about the Union. The people I
represent have gotbravely over any qualms about
yourdissolvmgtheUnion". You may preach about
it, and howl about it, until your lungs are sore; it
will not move a muscle of my constituents or of
myself. I know that our destinies are cast to-
gether; and whether it is beneficial or not—and I
do not know whether it is or not—you can obtain
no divorce. Weare wedded for betterorforworse,
and forever; and we had better make the best of
our lot. You cannot go out. The Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Clay] asked the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] in the course of
his remarks, whether, if they undertook to go out
of the Union, we were going to forcibly interpose
to prevent it? I do not remember exactly what
the answer was, but I wanted to ask another ques-
tion, for it has taxed my ingenuity to know how
it is you can get a State out of this Union. If the
most violent resolution, if the most flaming dec-
laration, could have done it, your Union would
liave been blown to atoms long ago. It wants
something more than conventions; it wants some-
thing stronger than resolutions. I do not know
how you propose to effect it. Bow can a State
go out? A man may commit treason under the
Constitution of the United States, if he levies war
against them; he may be hauled up and punished;
but how, in Heaven's name, is a State to go out
of the Union ? I should like to have some one
wiio talks about it show me the modns operandi.
There was one aggression of the South—I will
call it an aggression—that I failed to mention in
its properplace. I allude to the late nefarious de-
cision of your Supreme Court. They made a new
discovery—a discovery that, by vigor of the Con-
stitution of the United States, you can carry sla-
very all over the continent wherever youi flag
may float. I approach that subject with no picas-
tire. I wish I could entertain a good opinion of
the judges of that court. I wish I could believe
they were patriotic. I wish I could believe they
held the scales of justice equal between the rich
and the poor, the great and the small, unswerved
by political considerations, uninlluenced by any-
thing but their duty, which is the most Godlike
that man can ever administer; that is justice un-
mixed, unbiased justice. I wish I could believe
that that court were actuated by 110 other than
these great Godlike principles in the decision they
have made. Itwasa most extraordinary decision.
The mode oi'coming at it, the decision itself, the
time when it was made, are all calculated to iti-
tspiie the mind witij a suspicion that all is not
right. I affirm that the Supreme Court, in making
this decision, has done what no court of the Uni-
ted States had ever done before; but I do not hold
this court, and never did hold it, in that reverence
which some gentlemen pretend to entertain. I
remember that it seems to be the mere instrument
of political power. It follows it as the incident
follows the principal. In the old Federal times
when your alien and sedition law was passed and
it came before that court, they found no difficulty
in maintaining that most flagrant violation of the
Constitution. Your sedition law was upheld by
the judges of that court, and men were impris-
oned by its process; and yet to-day there is not
a man to be found in these United States but what
considers that law a most disgraceful law to
remain on the statute-book. It does not remain
there as a law, but it stands there as a memorial
of the madness of party and the easy method in
which men will violate the Constitution of the
United States. That was upheld. All men now
consider it as infamous, notwithstanding it had
the sanction of that court.
Almost the entire speech of the Senator from
Louisiana—and I wish he was here—was made
for the purpose of sustaining the validity of that
decision, i am not going extensively into it, for
I have not time, nor does it need a very extensive
examination to show that it is a fallacy, a mere
sham; that it has not the semblance or color of
authority.
Dred Scott, the plaintiff, claimed that he was a
free man; and according to the course of practice
from the earliest organization of the Government,
in every district, (for the cases establishing it are
numerous enough,) he sued for his freedom in the
circuit court of the United States. The pretended
claimant put in a plea to the jurisdiction. He said
that Dred Scott was a negro; that his ancestors
came from Africa; that they were slaves, and
therefore lie was not a citizen of the United States,
mid he had no right to a hearing in that court.
■Dred Scott demurred to that plea; and that de-
murrer came up before the court, and it was the
only question they could decide. After getting
the plaintiff out of court, and saying he has no
standing here, after murdering him, the court go
011 to declare principles most fatal to the liberties
and rights of many of the American people. The
like was never done before in any court. No
court in this Union has been heretofore more
chary of giving decisions that were not called for
by the case, than the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. They have always repudiated it.
They would never go further than the necessities
of the case required them to go. Was not the
decision of the question of jurisdiction an end of
this case ? A majority of the judges decided that
Dred Seott had no right to be in the court. They
dismissed him from their consideration. What
further was there to do ? The Senator from Louis-
iana, in his argument, did not pretend, as a law-
yer, to argue that this was not the effect of the
decision; but he uttered what seemed to me very
much like sophistry. He read from the opinions
of the court, claiming that they had a right to go
further. I do not care what they claimed. Any
man that ever went through a lawyer's office
knows that when they decided that the plaintiff
had 110 standing in court, the case was at an end;
and any opinion they should give after that was
a mere obiter diction, entitled to no more respect
than though it had been delivered here or in the
streets.
Mr. President, there is another thing to bo con-
sidered in reference to that case. Here, to be
sure, was a poor negro, having no friends, no con-
sideration, nobody to look to his interests. He
was a member of a degraded class, with whom
the court might deal with perfect impunity. I
fear that the court, swayed by political reasons,
forgot the rights of Dred Seott, and plunged into
this political whirlpool in order to control its cur-
rents. Is it not remarkable that America, the first
nation in the world, should decide that a man may
be so low that he cannot even seek his rights m
the courts of the country? Was there ever any-
thing like it in any community before, whether
civilized or barbarous ? The court tells us we have
men among us so low that they can have no rights;
that they are mere merchandise. But I will not
travel into that field, which has been so ably dis-
cussed by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hall.] They grounded their decision upon his- !
tory, not the Constitution. They traveled out of
the Constitution of the United States, and sought
to found their decision upon what they picked up
as scraps of history here and there; and that his-
tory was entirely and utterly perverted, as was
proved by the Senator from New Hampshire so
palpably that no gentleman on the other side has
yet risen to challenge its accuracy; and they can-
not do it. I have a law of Virginia here in my
drawer, which was passed at about the period of
which the Supreme Court speak when they say
that negroes were considered as chattels whom
any man might seize and convert to his own use.
At that very instant, in old Virginia, he was a
citizen, made so by statute, if he was free; and I
do not know but that he had all the rights of a
white man. At all events,he was declared there
to be a citizen. He was then a citizen in at least
eight of the States of this Union.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator advert to that
statute and give me its title? I will not interrupt
him now, though.
Mr WADE. I will show it to the gentleman.
Mr. MASON. I will not interrupt the gentle-
man now.
Mr. WADE. I have it here, though I may not
be able to put my hands on the exact place at this
moment. In eight States of the Union a black
man was a citizen; and I do not know but that he
was entitled to all the rights of a white man; for
at that period you will find, if you search the his-
tory of the country, that a distinction between
black and white was not taken. It was between
slave and free. That was the question. Up to
the time alluded to by the Chief Justice, I can
find nothing that discriminates between the color
of men. The only question was whether a man
was a freeman. If he was, he was entitled to all
the rights of a freeman; if he was riot, he was a
slave. But the Chief Justice says that all of them
were so held. Good heavens ! Had he not heard
of the scathing anathema of Thomas Jefferson, of
Judge Tucker, and of other great lights and wor-
thies of the Old Dominion about that same period,
in language more pointed than any other men could
use? When was it that Thomas Jefferson said
he trethbled for his country when he reflected that
God was just, and that his vengeance would not
sleep forever? Yet the Chief Justice says it was
not controverted by anybody. Sir, it was con-
troverted by every man of the Revolution. They,
seeking their own rights at the cannon's mouth,
claiming for themselves the utmost freedom, and
invoking the aid of God to help them to work it
out, had not the impudence to look to Heaven and
ask a blessing on their exertions in favor of a lib-
erty which they denied to their fellow-men. No
such reproach i Judge Taney, can be brought on
the heads of the great worthies of the Revolution.
But I will not pursue that subject. I hand the
Senators over to the refutation of this position
contained in the speech of the Senator from New
Hampshire, which cannot be answered. I say it
was a flagrant perversion of constitutional law to
go into these scraps of history to determine what
your Constitution is. I recollect very well a de-
cision by Judge Story—I have not the book, and
I care not to quote it except from memory—where
the lawyers plied him with the consideration of
what gentlemen said in the convention which
framed the constitution, and what exponents of
it outside of the convention thought of it. Judge
Story said, "if you make the least trade with
your fellow-man and put it in writing, you cannot
call cotemporane.ius declaration to explain what
was meant by it, but you must stand upon the
bond; what is not there, cannot be explained;"
and then he adds, " if 111 a simple contract such
rules are to prevail, with how much more force
in this great charter of American liberty when the
rights, the interests of all hang upon it?" You
cannot look out of it, for if you do you have no
| Constitution. Then it will depend upon themem-
i ory of man, the opinions of frail men, transmitted
j to posterity without any authority at all. I say
| to you that the court, in traveling out of the prin-
1 ciples of law and going into scraps of history to
construe your Constitution, have entered afield of
more danger to your Constitution than has been
broached by any other department of the Govern-
ment.
I know that, to gloss this over, the honorable
Senator from Louisiana, with that plausible and
beautiful style of which h® is so completely mas-
