1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
or that I, who was ten years older than himself,
should stand here to-day to announce the melan-
choly event.
My deceased friend and colleague, the late An-
drew P. Butler, was born in Edgefield district,
in the State of South Carolina, on the 18th day
of November, 1796, and was, at the time of his
deatK", on the 25th of May last, in his sixty-first
year.
The cheerfulness of his temper and the buoy-
ancy of his spirits might have indicated a more
youthful age; but the extreme and premature
■whiteness of his locks might well have passed
him an older man.
His family came from Virginia, and settled in
South Carolina before the Revolution. Few fam-
. ilies have been more distinguished in the annals
of the State, or suffered more in the service of the
country. General William Butler, the father of
Judge Butler, served with distinction, as a cap-
tain, in the troops of the State, and in that bloody
conflict and war of extermination waged between
Whig and Tory toward the close of the Revolu-
tion, the history of which, with all its bloody
incidents, has never been written. He was sub-
sequently a major general of militia, and a mera*
ber of Congress from 1801 to 1814. He left a
large family, of which my deceased colleague was
the last survivor.
Judge Butler received the rudiments of his
education in the best school in the upper part of
his native State, and was graduated at the South
Carolina College in 1817, with more than ordi-
nary distinction. He devoted himself to the study
of the law; and, in a very short time after he was
called to the bar, his reputation for sound legal
learning and forensic eloquence was such that his
professional business was large and lucrative, not
only in his circuit, but he was on several occa-
sions called to distant districts to argue cases of
great interest to the parties, and requiring the
best legal talents of the State.
When a very young man, he was elected a
member of the State Legislature, where his tal-
ents, his diligence, but, above all, the uprightness
of his character, soon gave him a high position.
"Whilst a member of the State Senate he was, in
1833, elected a circuit judge; and two years after-
wards, on a change of the system, he became a
judge of the court of appeals, the highest court
of judicature in the State. > In this court I sat
side by side with him for ten years, and until he
was elected to this honorable body. It was as a
judge I knew him best, and in that character I
feel that I can speak with confidence of his merits.
To say of a judge that he was incorruptible, is
but common praise. The breath of suspicion has
never breathed on the character of a judge in
my own State, nor elsewhere in this broad land,
So far as I know. It was in the administration
of the law that he illustrated that love of justice,
the highest attribute of a good man, which sep-
arates the case from the parties, and dispenses
justice to all equally, to friend or to foe, without
favor or partiality. Many of his legal opinions
will be read with instruction in all time to come,
and show very conclusively that his professional
acquirements were of no ordinary character.
In 1846, he took his seat in the Senate of the
United States, and has since been twice reelected
without opposition. In politics he belonged to the
old Republican or State-Rights party, and was
what has been called a strict constructionist. He
was loyal to the Constitution in all its express
grants of power, and what was necessary to their
execution; but he resisted that latitude of con-
struction which he feared would, in the end, make
this a Government of unlimited instead of limited
powers. During all the time he was a member
of the Senate, he acted a conspicuous part in all
its deliberations. For a large part of it he was
the head of the Judiciary Committee, in all respects,
perhaps, the most important of your committees,
except that of Finance. In the discharge of this
importantduty,heborehimseIf with great dignity
] ana uprightness. In the decision of those exciting
1 questions which grow out of contested elections,
' where party feelings are so apt to mislead honest
; minds, I think I may say that the love of right,
! because it was right, was the pillar of light by
5 which he was guided. The triumph of party
t was of no consideration with him, whore truth
and the Constitution were on the other side.
' Those with whom he lived in social intercourse
best understood the excellence of his character.
It was there that the kindness of his feelings, the
benevolence of his heart, and the hilarity of his
temper, shone out in all their beauty.
Asa parliamentary speaker his style was plain,
logical,and unadorned;his manner temperate but
earnest, showing the deep convictions of his un-
derstanding, and occasionally, when excited, rose
to a high order of eloquence.
As a scholar his attainments were respectable;
as mueh so as was compatible with a life spent
in the laborious duties of an attorney, a judge,
and a statesman. Such, sir, was Andrew P.
Botler. Surely the death of such a man is a
public loss. When the news of his death went
abroad, there was one universal wail from the
center to the utmost border of his State; and I
have reason to believe that the feeling of regret
was not less intense throughout the broad ex-
panse of these United States.
I therefore beg leave, Mr. President, to submit
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sin-
cere desire of showing every mark of respect due to the
memory of the Hon. Andrew P. Butler, deceased, late a
Senator from the State of South Carolina, will go into
mourning by wearing crape on tlie left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That as an additional mark of re&pcct'for the
memory of the Hon. Andrew P. Butler, the Senate do
now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these resolu-
tion:, to the House of Representatives.
Mr. MASON. In rising to second the resolu-
tions, I can add nothing, Mr. President, to the
eloquent and able tribute just rendered by the
venerable Senator from South Carolina to the
memory of his late colleague. It is more to in-
dulge my own feelings of deep and sincere sym-
pathy with those who survive than from any
hope that I may contribute even one poor leaf
to the garlands around his tomb, that I ask the
indulgence of the Senate for a brief moment in
these sad ceremonials.
It was my good fortune to have known our
deceased colleague, Andrew Pickets Butler,
on terms of more intimate association than most
Senators now around me. He took his seat in
the Senate in December, 1846, and I followed
him in January, 1847. Educated in the same
political school, and thus drawn together in po-
litical circles here, habits of association were
formed which, for the ten years that followed our
entrance into the Senate, and until his death,
found us under a common roof, at a common
hearth, and sharing a common board. Our in-
tercourse and association were in every sense fra-
ternal. And you, Senators, who knew him best,
will best appreciate the loss I am called to mourn
in common with you.
Pickens and Butler united in him, mark the
noble and gallant race from which he sprung; and
he sealed in death a duty to his descendants, by
transmitting both names to them without spot or
blemish, as he had received them. Bayard like,
he bore them through life "withoutfear, and with-
out reproach." With that hardy morality which
fears no contact, he mingled gracefully and gra-
ciously in the walks of life, alike with the most
humble and the most exalted; honored and ca-
ressed by the one, loved and trusted by all. Thus,
while the genial flow of a generous and sympathiz-
ing spirit attracted to him all classes in life, his
lofty and unbending integrity, manly purpose, and
unswerving honor, assured to him the respect
and unstinted confidcnce of all coming' within his
sphere. Distrust and suspicion weie at once dis-
armed at his presence. Wherever else they might
be found, there was no such atmosphere around
him.
In forensic warfare, whether as friend or foe,
all will bear witness alike to the true nobility of
his nature. Bold, ardent, daring, and at times
almost merciless when he joined in battle, yet
there was no venom m any shaft that sped from
his bow; and when the fight was done, his ready
hand was equally extended, on whichsoever side
victory might declare itself.
He was an efficient debater; more prone to, and
perhaps more skilled in, attack than defense.
The rich and fertile resources of a well-stored
mind proved that he was habitually a student;
and their skillful and sagacious use evinced that
nothing rusted in his intellectual armory, but, by
thought and meditation, was kept polished ana
on edge.
Indeed, with him, the faculties of observation
I and meditation seemed more happily combined
1 than it has been my lot to witness with other
men. And then, nature, in its bounties, had
added that great creative power whicli is the
unerring mark, as it is the first instinct, of genius.
His mind, in debate, seemed almost to overflow
in the rapidity of its suggestions; and yet there
was realized in him that rare faculty of excel-
lence which the ancients ascribed to the Grecian
painter, Timanthes, of whom it was said: " In-
telligitur plus semper, quarn pingitur."
As a Senator, you will all bear witness that,
whatever differences arose amongst us in the
rivalries and contentions of political life, whatever
part he bore in them, was always distinguished
by candor, loyalty, and good faith.
In the organization of this body, he held for
many years, and until death closed forever the
scenes of this world, the chair of that committee
which stands as the law adviser of the Senate,
but the duties of which are frequently compli-
cated with political questions, involving the suc-
cess or defeat of political parties. Who can
forget how confidently and freely a minority was
ever ready to commit all such questions to that
committee, and how well that confidence was
justified by its able, upright, and impartial de-
cisions? Ihe scales were held even, by a firm
and resolute hand, however bitterness, prejudice,
or distrust, might seek to disturb the balance.
Born, nurtured, and reared, in one of the most
gallant States of the "Old Thirteen, "he loved and
venerated her fame with instincts that were truly
filial; and as a child would defend a parent from
insult or wrong, you have marked his form dilate,
and his eye kindle and flash defiance, whenever
called to vindicate the fame or honor of his State.
His devotion and his first duty were to South
Carolina; yet, on the broader theater of a common
country, embracing all the States, his views were
liberal, catholic, and fair; giyng to each section
its just and full share in whatever benefits or ad-
vantages flowed from a common Government.
There his public service was directed with a
single eye to the public good.
1"have thus attempted, Mr. President, feebly to
portray the Senator and the statesman as he stood
confessed before the country.' But it was in the
social and domestic circle—in paths not opened
to the common view, that the richest gifts of
nature to man, the latent virtues of the heart,
shone with a luster all their own. There was
not an impulse there that was not generous, ge-
nial, and confiding. He sympathized with his
race, and his whole race. If it was his fortune
at some time " debetlare snperbos," that more
1 grateful emotion was everliis, " parcere victis."_
i But I should not detain you longer with this
poor memorial of the gallant dead. He sleeps
j beneath the soil of his own loved Carolina,
: amidst those who loved and honored him in life,
. and who received his last sigh in death.
: Mr. PUGH. Mr. President and Senators, in
I the utterance of a few and simple words, appro-
1 priate on this occasion, I shall not admonish you
with reference to the public services, or the pub-
lic character of our departed and illustrious asso-
ciate. He was, in truth,
| —" a man from whose example,
As fiom a compass, we may steer our fortunes,
I Our action, and our age, and safe arrive at
j A memory that shall become one ashes."
| But this all know: this would seem to be the
share which all have, alike, in the memorial of
his life and achievements. I shall speak of him as
j he was known to us, and to those whom he hon-
i ored with his acquaintance.
i When the Senate assembled one week ago,
; pursuant to the requirements of the Constitution,
' three vacant places were found in our miaat.
t The experienced and venerable Senator [Air.
' Rusk] whom we selected to till the chair at the
; last hour of the preceding session, and whose
i manly accents pronounced our separation; the
j modest, amiable, and accomplished Senatoi from
: New Hampshire, [Mr. Bell,] with whom sev-
' eral of us had just concluded the first stage of
our allotted service here—the virtues of these,
many as their virtues were, will be celebrated by
other and more eloquent voices than mine. But
the third place—oh, sir, that hardly seems vacant,
l He has not come as yet to our session; but 80
