1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Mason.
Senate.
without meeting the issue directly, southern men
were again called upon to surrender titus much of
their position. They insisted that the principle
of interdiction on the part of Congress should be
repudiated in those Territories. This was not
done, although anew principle was adopted in the
organization of these territorial governments, so
far as the question of slavery was concerned. Our
position always had been that the Constitution,
propriovigore, recognizing thecondition of African
bondage on the continent, protected it in the Ter-
ritories everywhcre;and therefore it was not com-
petent to Congress to legislate against it any more
than it was competent to Congress to legislate
against every other of the provisions of the Con-
stitution. Bat that direct issue was evaded, and
the Territories were then organized on this basis:
that they should at once have legislative councils
by representatives of their own; that to these le-
gislative councils should be committed all subjects
of rightful legislation under the Constitution; and
that as to the question of slavery it should be de-
cided by the people of the Territory themselves,
but not until they were ripened into a State gov-
ernment and applied for admission as such.
This was a step gained on our part, and a very
important one. We denied the power of Con-
gress to interdict slavery in a Territory, but Con-
gress exercised it notwithstanding the denial. We
denied the right of the occupants of the Territory,
while in the territorial form, equally to prohibit
slavery in the Territory. And this was substan-
tially conceded , because the laws organizing those
governments left the question of slavery an open
question, and not to be decided by the people of
the Territory until they had matured a State gov-
ernment. lttook away any power ofinterdiction
from the occupants of the Territory while in a
territorial form. So the law was passed. It was
objected to in some quarters, even m the South,
as leading to the doctrine of squatter sovereignty;
but that imputation, I think, was very success-
fully met by showing that the people of the Ter-
ritory, to whom the whole subject of legislation
was given, svere remitted directly to the Consti-
tution of the United States as the limitation of their
power; and further, that the condition of slavery
was not to be legislated upon for its exclusion or
its establishment while it remained in the terri-
torial form.
Such were the provisions of the laws organizing
territorial governments in Utah and in New Mex-
ico. It was known very well, as resulted, that no
practical elfect could ever be derived from leaving
the question of slavery in that condition with re-
spect to those Territories, because, the laws of eh-
matc being far more inexorable than the laws of
man, slaves never would go there, because they
would be of no value. We had the paper guaran-
tee, though no practical consequences arose; and
therefore the question never was agitated after-
wards in reference to those Territories.
We came, in 1854, again to the organization of
territorial governments, inconsequence of the great
expansion of our country continually taking place.
.Nebraska, then an Indian country, lying contig-
uous to one of the slaveholding States, and adja-
.cent to another, offered her tempting soil to emi-
gration and settlement. It was determined that that
Terntory should be divided into two parts—the
northern to be called the Territory of Nebraska,
and the southern the Territory of Kansas. It was
generally believed—I certainly was one of those
who beueved—that, although African slavery
would hardly penetrate into the northern portion,
the Territory of Nebraska, yet that, as regards
Kansas, being contiguous to the State of Mis-
souii, which had a very large and a very valuable
slave population, and adjacent to the State of Ar-
kansas, the natural consequence would be that the
population of those two States would be largely
tlyown into it, together with their slaves.
In organizing these Territories, what was done ?
Nothing, in fact, but to carry into effect the prin-
ciples of the new compromise, as it was called, of
]«50. There had been a very large number in
both Houses of Congress, who commended the
legislation of 1850 to the country, as great meas-
ures of peace and reconciliation, and sang ho-
sanuds to the illustrious name of the very distin-
guisned gentleman who projected and carried
them through. I do not mean to say that Sena-
tors on the other side, whose specialty is to prevent
theextension of slavery, and thus ultimately to
extinguish it, were a part of the majority that
carried those measures; butl do mean to say that,
so far as I could gather the sentiment of the Amer-
ican people in the States, slaveholding and non-
slaveholuing, those compromise measures, as
measures of peace, were acceptable to them, and
received their approbation. And yet, in 3854,
when it was proposed, in organizing the new Ter-
ritories of Kansas and Nebraska, to do nothing
more than to carry out the principles adopted in
1850, it was met in limine with the sternest oppo-
sition. A part of the compromise of 1850 was
that the question of slavery in the Territories was
to be left as their constitution should prescribe
when they were admitted as States into the Union.
Until then, and whilst in a territorial condition, it
followed that this question must be left unaffected,
except by the Constitution of the United States.
There was no prohibition of slavery in the organic
law. The people of the Territory, under the re-
straints of the Constitution, could not prohibit it;
and thus the true principle of compromise was,
that slavery was to be left to climate, until a final
policy should be established by the people who
were to be affected by it, when they attained the
maturity of State government. The whole of
both the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska lay
north of the parallel of 36° 30', and thus within
the interdict of the Missouri law of 1820. By that
law, slavery had been prohibited north of that
parallel. How then could the question of slavery
be left open until the people should form a State
government, unless in the mean time that prohi-
bition was removed ?
I say, then,that good faith to the compromise
measures of 1850 required that this interdict
should be removed; and it was done accordingly
in the Kansas-Nebraska act of 1854, by declaring
the law of 1820 null, inoperative, and void.
Thus at last, and by a series of legislation, the
principle was attained of non-intervention by Con-
gress, as regarded slavery m the Territories. This
was the great principle both of the compromise
measures of 1850 and the Kansas act of 1854; by
it the South has stood, and by it we mean stead-
fastly to abide. It was a departure from the
established policy between the Federal authori-
ties and the territorial governments. There had
always been reserved, even in 1850, what was re-
served in the ordinance of 1787—a power in Con-
gress to disaffirm the legislation of the Territories.
This power was not reserved m the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, showing the clearest purpose of the
law,not only in what it said, but in what it failed
to say, to remit the people who might go there to
self-government whilst in a territorial state, sub-
ject only to the restraints of the Constitution.
'We knew Congress was a mostunsafe depository
of a power to mold the domestic institutions of
a Territory; and so far as slavery was concerned
it was safer to transfer the question from Con-
gress to the people who were to be alTectcd by it.
So much for the disposition of the slavery ques-
tion by the Kansas act. The principle of non-
intervention by Congress recommended it to the
Souih;anditcontained, moreover, a full and final
repudiation and abrogation of the odious Mis-
souri interdict of 1820.
Since that day, upon a case properly made in
the Supreme Court of the United States, the ques-
tion has been decided by the highest judicial tri-
bunal of the land, composed of judges who, by
the tenure of their office, ought to be presumed to
be divested of all interest or feeling further than
to do what is right, to be guided alone by that
great judicial star which leads judicial minds to
attain the truth, and to enforce it: and the ques-
tion coming before them, the Supreme Court ha\e
decided that t>ic law of 1820 was unconstitutional
and void, thus confirming what had been the sub-
stantial declaration of Congress in Us later policy
of territorial organization. What is said of that
on the other side ? The honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] as to whose dramatic
representation of what never passed between the
judges of that court and the President, I shall say
nothing, after what fell from the honorable Sena-
tor from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamix,] says to the
American people in reference tojlus high and im-
portant act of judicial powei by the last court of
appeal—what? He says to the American people,
there is but one way to manage this Government
on that subject; the way in which the Frenchphy-
sician in the play managed his patients. 1 will
get rid of the disease, says the doctor, even if it
is necessary to carry the patient with it. The
court shall be reorganized, says that Senator—for
what purpose? That he may sap the foundations
of our popular Government, and the rights and
liberties of this people, to effect the lawless pur-
poses of his Abolition confederates. The court
shall be reconstructed or reorganized; that is to
say, if those with whom he acts get possession of
the Federal Government, the offices held by the
judges are to be vacated, and in their place are to
be put supple instruments to do the will of the
Senator's associates upon the Government of the
country. That is the purpose of the honorable
Senator from New York, avowed to the country
and to his party as their theory of action in the
administration of the Government.
Mr. President, I remember some years ago,
when I was then a very young member of the con-
vention that satin Virginia to alter the constitution
of that State, of which, among the very illustrious
men then remaining with us, the late John Mar-
shall, Chief Justice of the United States, was a
member, the question was about remodeling the ju-
dicial tenure. In ourearly institutions, I believe,
in every State—certainly in mine, and in all that
I now recollect—the tenure of the judicial office
was during good behavior, or, in effect, during life.
The popular mind got hold of the opinion that this
stable tenure worked an irresponsibility in the
judges requiring reform, and the proposition was
to limit the tenure to a. term of years. That
great and illustrious man made a speech against
it, among the very few speeches which he made
in that body; one of that judicial exactness and
conciseness that illustrate his great mind. I re-
member well, in speaking of the judicial tenure,
how very opposite his views of government were
to those now promulged by the honorable Sena-
torfrom New York in regard to the judicial office.
He said, as the experience of a long life and a great
intellect, that " the greatest curse which an angry
God could inflict upon a sinning people would be
to leave them to a dependent judiciary"—a great
truth which lay at the foundation not of the struc-
ture alone, but of the security of our Government.
But what does the honorable Senator from New
Yoiksayr That the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, believed to be not only pure but unsus-
pected, held secret and corrupt intercourse with
an incoming President to obtain a political end;
and he announces to the American people that
when the patty with which he acts gets into power,
they will take care that the court shall interpose
no obstacle to their pathway, for they will reor-
ganize that court—T presume to put it out of their
way ! That is'the substance of the declaration.
Mr. SEWARD. I know that the honorable
Senator from Virginia is entitled to the course of
his argument, and 1 have not the least disposition
to interrupt him or embarrass him in it. 1 only
rise because, being here, and hearing the honor-
able Senator, and sitting silent, it might perhaps
be inferred that I assented to the justice of tfre
description which he gives of my expectations in
regard to the reorganization of the judiciary, to
say that, atthe present session of Congress, I had
already given notice, before I made the speech on
which the honorable Senator comments with so
much severity, of a bill to reorganize the Supreme
and Circuit Courts of the United States in such a
way as to equalize the representation of the sev-
eral States in the courts as far as possible, ac-
cording to their Federal population, and at the
same time to securc greater facility and dispatch
to business. That plat), at some future day, 1
shall bring in. I need not stop now to say wli.it
it is for—it is not matured in my own mind. I
do not care to confess or to deny any particular
system which may be attributed to me in regard
to the mode in which it sha'd be done. I expect
to propose a feasible one, a reasonable one, a just
one, and one which every Senator of the United
States will approve, or ought to approve, because
it will be conservative in its character, and atthe
same time it will be just as it is necessary.
Air. MASON. From the corrupt practices sug-
gested by the honorable Senator as passing be-
