2140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
he was restored to office, the memorialist per-
formed, at the request of officers of the Govern-
ment, important services connected with his form-
er duties as inspector general, such as investigate
inland settlingreferences,&c.—services affording
in themselves ample consideration for the amount
of his salary during that time. The memorialist
now asks that he may be allowed the same pay
and allowances during the interval between his
discharge and his reappointment as he would be
entitled to if he had been in commission the whole
time.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARY BOYLE.
A bill (H. R. No. 277) for the relief of Mary
Boyle. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see.] I
REPORTS FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
The following adverse reports stood next in
order upon the Calendar:
An adverse report (C. C. No. 154) upon the
petition of Charles D. Arfwedson.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 155) upon the
petition ofN.and B. Goddard, executors of Na-
thaniel Goddard.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 15G) upon the pe-
tition of Benjamin Cozzens's trustee.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 157) upon the
petition of Jacob Bigelow, administrator of Fran-
cis Cazpau.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that those reports be ,
reported to the House, with a recommendation I
that the House concur in the reports of the Court
of Claims.
Mr. STANTON. Here are three pages of
reports from the Court of Claims—these adverse
reports, and a number of bills from the Court of
Claims, which have hern reported on adversely
by the Committee of Claims. 1 take it for granted
that none of them can be passed to-day, and I
suggest (hat we should pass over them all.
Mr. REAGAN, i object to passing over the
bills unless some disposition is made of them.
The CHAIRMAN. No disposition will be
made of them if they are passed over.
Mr. REAGAN. Then I object.
Mr. STANTON. Let them go over until some
day when we can discuss them and act upon
them.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to move that the adverse reports from the
Court of Claims be passed over?
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition is, to
pass over all the adverse reports from the Court
of Claims.
Mr. STANTON. And all the bills from the
Court of Claims which have been reported on ad-
versely by the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAVIDSON, The court have decided in
favor of many cases in which the Committer of
Claims have reported against the bills. And 1
desire to notify the House now, that on Monday
next I shall move to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of the bill (C. C. EL R. No. 44) for the relief of
Jane Smith, of the county of Clermont, State of
Ohio, in order that we may test the question, and
either pass the bill or reject it.
Mr. PHELPS. How many of the cases re-
ported from the Court of Claims does this motion
cover ?
The CHAIRMAN. It refers to the whole mass
of cases on this part of the Calendar.
Mr. PIIliLPS. I desire to have an exception
made. There is one bill which I desire to have
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SH ERM AN, of Ohio. I call for the reg-
ular order.
Mr. Letcher's motion was agreed to; and ad-
verse reports ft om the Court of Claims, Nos. 154,
355, 156, and J57, were laid aside to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that the re-
ports be confirmed.
ISA \C S. SMITH.
A hill (II. R. No. 317) for the relief of Isaac S.
Smith, of Syracuse, New Yoik. [Objected to by
Mr. Letcher.]
JOHN DAVIS.
A bill (I-I. R. No. 318) recognizing the assign-
ment on land warrant No. 35,956, issued to John
Davis, as valid.
The bill directs that the assignment upon land
warrant No. 35,956, issued to John Davis, for
forty acres, be recognized as valid.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to insert,
after "John Davis," the words, "under the act
of September 28, 1850."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
The committee then, by unanimous consent,
passed over the thirty-five bills next on the Cal-
endar, reported from the Court of Claims, re-
ported back by the Committee of Claims, with
the recommendation that they do not pass.
BENJAMIN SAYRE.
A bill (H, R. No. 319) for the relief of Benja-
min Sayre. [Objected to by Mr. Clemens.]
J- TV. NYE.
A bill (K. R. No. 320) for the relief of J. W.
Nye. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
JOHN B. ROPER.
A bill (II. R. No. 391) for the relief of John
B. Roper. [Objected to by Mr. Reagan ]
REV. JAMES CRAIG.
A bill (II. R. No. 329) for,the relief of the heirs
of Rev. James Craig, deceased.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the word " heirs," and to insert the
words " legal representatives;" and to strike out
the names of the claimants.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GOODE. I feel it to be my duty to move
to amend that bill, by striking out the sum of
$10,000, and inserting $20,000.
Mi*. LEITER. I then object to the bill.
Mr. GOODE. If the House will hear me for
a moment, they will see the justice of the amend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON. If there is to be debate, I
object.
WILLIAM WALKER.
A bill (H. R. No. 323) for the benefit of Wil-
liam Walker. [Objected to by Mr. Letciier.]
SAMUEL JONES.
A bill (II. R. No. 324) to allow the le^al repre-
sentatives of Samuel Jones five years' full pay, in
lieu of half pay for life. [Objected to by Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee.]
Mr. EUST1S (at four o'clock) moved that the
committee rise.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bowie and
Clemens were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 1G, noes 102.
So the committee refused to rise.
GUSTAVUS B. HORNER.
A bill (II. R. No. 325) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Gusiavus B. Horner, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
REVOLUTIONARY CLAITVIS.
A bill (H. R. No. 234) to provide for the set-
tlement of the claims of the officers and soldiers
of the revolutionary army, and of the widows
and children of those who died in the service.
[Objected to by Mr. Russeli..]
LIEUTENANT BARTLETT HINDS.
A bill (H. R. No. 326) for the relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds. [Objected to
by Mr. Gaiinett.]
* MARIE MALINES.
A bill (II. R. No. 327) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Marie Malines.
The bill directs that the legal representatives j
of Marie Malines, born Rilheux, be confirmed m !
all the right, title, and interest now held or pos-
sessed by the United States, in and to a certain
tract of land in Louisiana, eon tai ning about thirty-
two hundred arpents, being a part of a grant
made by the French Government, in the year
17(54, to Marie Rillieux, according to a survey
and plat made by the royal surveyor, Don Carlos
Trudeaux, and of record in the land office at New
Orleans; and upon a proper survey, duly ap-
proved, being returned to the General Land Of-
fice, a patent shall issue; provided, that the act
shall only be construed to vest in the said lejral
representatives of Marie Malines, horn Rillieux,
the rights, title, and interest m said land now
held and possessed by the United States,and shall
not be construed in any way to impair the bona
fide rights, interests, or claims acquired by any
other person under adverse grants, concessions,
or purchases, made prior to the passage of the act.
The report states that on the 16th of July, 1764,
Marie Rillieux, of the Province of Louisiana, ad-
dressed a petition to the director general and royal
commandant,praying agrant or concession of ten
thousand one hundred and twenty Paris arpents of
the royal domain, included within the river Man-
chac on the north, the river Lc Sueur on the south,
Lake Pontchartram on the east, and Lake Mau-
repas on the wesr; tha^such grant was made in
accordance with the prayer of the petition; and
that Marie Rillieux, widow of, by her marriage
with, Solomon Malines, entered in the possession
of the tract of land, there being no evidence that
her rights of property and control of the same
were ever questioned or disturbed by the sover-
eignty of the Province previous to the transfer
and delivery of the country to the United States,
under the treaty of purchase from the French Gov-
ernment. Under the provisions of the act of Con-
gress passed in the year 1807, relative to the as-
certainment and adjustment of titles and claims to
lands within the Temtory uf Oileans, Marie Ma-
lines, Emelie Malines, and Rosalie Malines, the
children and heirs of the original grantee of the
tract of land, all of whom were inhabitants of the
territory atand before the time of its cession to the
United States, presented their memorial to the com-
missioners appointed under the said act of Con-
gress, praying the confirmation, m their favor, of
the original grant,so made in the year 1764; and
that, as appears by the record of their proceed-
ings, (American State Papers, Public Lands, vol-
ume 2, page 279, and case No. 383,) the commis-
sioners did affirm the same, without qualification.
It is true, as alleged by the memorialist, that,
owing to the restricted clauses and conditions of
the law under which the commissioners acted,
their confirmation of claims could only inure to the
benefit of the claimants to the extent of a league
square, which, in the present instance, wasgreatly
less than the land embraced by the original grant.
But it does not appear that the United States have
ever entered upon the possession of the remaining
portion of the land, or caused it to be surveyed
and offered for sale, or in any manner appropri-
ated it. The claim, as above stated, was con-
firmed in favor of the legal representatives of Ma-
rie Malines, without any terms of qualification oiv
reservation; and there can be no doubt that, had
the law not contained the conditions and restric-
tions above alluded to, those parties could have
exercised all rights of property, as against the
United States, over the entire extent of the ten
thousand one hundred and twenty Paris arpents,
as specified in the grant made in 17G4, and which
had been allowed by a possession of nearly fortv
years' donation, as against both the Spanish and
French Governments, previous to the existence
of any territorial rights in the Province on the
part of the United States.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
CYRENIUS GLASS.
.A bill (PL R. No. 328) for the relief of Cyrc-
nius Glass. [Objected to by Mr. Garnett.]
MENOMONEE INDIANS.
A bill (PI. R. No. 329) to authorize the Com-
missioner of India   Affairs to adjudicate and set-
tle certain claims against the Menomonee Indians.
{Objected to by Mr. Garnett.]
GEORGE CHORPENNING AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R, No. 330) for the relief of George
Chorpennmgand Elizabeth Woodward, deceased,
and the children of said Elizabeth Woodward.
[Objected to by Mr. Lovejoy.]
HE NT j VANTINE, AND COMPANY.
A bill (IT. R. No. 331) for the relief of Messrs.
Dent, Vantme,and Company, for provisions fur-
nished to Indians in California during the years
1851 and 1852. [Objected to by Mr. Garnett.]
