mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
single one of them,) there was no such subject
considered.
Mr. GREEN. I wish simply to make one re-
mark. ' How it should be taken for granted by
anybody that there would be a resubmission of
the constitution after it was formed by the con-
vention, when it had never been required in a
single instance in the history of this Government,
in an enabling act, is to me inexplicable. It was
not so regarded.
Mr. STUART. Well, Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Ohio will allow me to say—I ask par-
don for interfering with him in this matter, but I
do not mean to state the argument—the Senator
from Missouri was not here at the time, and knew
nothine about the consultation on that subject. I
am stating my impression; at the proper time I
will state the argument. I have given my own
impression and expectation on that subject; and
1 stated, also, that the discussion referred to was
not had.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I beg leave to
explain 
Mr. WADE. I wish first to state that I am
told I made a mistake. The gentlemen who as-
sembled and deliberated on this subject were not
the Committee on Territories. 1 thought that
was the statement, but I am corrected in that par-
ticular. The meeting is said to have been com-
posed of some gentlemen; I do not know who
was there.
Mr. GREEN. I merely desire to remark, in
justice to the Senator from Michigan, that 1 do
not pretend to say what was in his mind; I do
not pretend to say what he thought or supposed;
but I do pretend to say there had never, up to
that period been a single enabling act requiring
the constitution to be submitted to a vote of the
people.
Mr. PUGH. Will my colleague allow me to
say a word? I was not in Washington city when
that bill was framed. I arrived here the very day
when it was put on its passage. I never saw the
bill except in the form in which it finally passed.
I had had no consultation with any person in re-
gard to it. I read the bill in my seat here, and I
approved the bill, and I still approve it. As to the
question whether the constitution was to be sub-
mitted to the people, I have no recollection that
my attention was called to the fact one way or the
other; because, like the Senator from Missouri, I
never had known such a provision in an enabling
act of Congress before. I supposed it would be
left to the discretion of the convention.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With the permission of
the Senator from Ohio, as this seems to be rather
a conversational matter, I wish to state that for
myself, when that bill was under consideration in
the Senate, I objected to it distinctly on the ground
that it contained no provision requiring the con-
stitution to be submitted to the people. That was
one of the objections which I made to the bill. I
do not know that the remarks which I made at-
tracted the attention of anybody else; but in the
views which I submitted at that time, which are
published in the Globe—and I have sent out for
the volume, but it has not yet come in—it will be
found that I made it a distinct point of objection
to the Toombs bill, as it was called, that it con-
tained no provision for submitting the constitution
which the convention should form to the people
for their approbation; and I thought it was going
quite too far, as I stated, to allow a convention to
be assembled under such authority as then held
sway in Kansas, to form a constitution and fix it
forever upon the people of Kansas without con-
sulting them in regard to it.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Ohio will indulge me for a moment. It is due to
myself to state that I understood distinctly at that
time that there was no such provision in that
Toombs bill. That was one amongst other rea-
sons for not giving it my support; and I rather
think the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] himself mentioned it at the time.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
Ohio has been so considerate and forbearing that
I hone ho will indulge me for a moment.
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I think I may supply facts
which have lapsed from the memory of other Sen-
ators, because when that question was made, at
an early day in this session, by an honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, now absent, [Mr. Douglas,]
I looked at the record to see what the facts were,
and I think it will be found that the facts were
these: the Senatorfrom Illinois, as chairman of the
Committee on Territories, reported a bill, which
ho has since called an enabling act, and in that
bill there was a provision requiring that the con-
stitution to be formed under it should be sub-
mitted to the people after it was formed. The
Senator from Georgia, I think, some two months
afterwards, introduced into the Senate, on leave
given, a bill of like character, and in the bill of
the Senator from Georgia there was no such pro-
vision. Afterwards both the bill reported by the
Senator from Iflinois from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and the bill introduced by the Senator
from Georgia, I do not recollect on whose motion,
were committed, sent back to the Committee on
Territories, and then the chairman of the Com-
mittee onTerritories reported the bill, which after-
wards passed the Senate, without any provision
for submitting the constitution to the people; so
that his bill went back to the committee with that
provision in it, and cam6 out without it. I think
that is the correct statement.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say in connec-
tion with the remarks of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, that the bill reported from the Committee
on Territories during the last Congress, called the
enabling act, was in pursuance of the recommend-
ation of President Pierce, providing that when
Kansas had a sufficient population she might form
a State government. The bill introduced by the
Senator from Georgia, called the Toombs bill,
was a provision for taking the sense of the people
by commissioners, and providing for the forma-
tion of a State government immediately. The
great difference between them was, that one was
provisional, providing for a future time when the
Territory should have a sufficient population, and
the other contemplated immediate action.
Mr. EIGLER. I regret exceedingly, sir, that
I happened to be out of my seat when this topic
was presented. I do not know how it originated
—I presume, with the Senator from Ohio in the
course of his remarks*. I understand thattheSen-
ator from Michigan has alleged that the question
of the right of the people to vote on the adoption
of thf. constitution was not discussed on a certain
occasion to which I have heretofore referred,and
in regard to which some feeling grew up between
the Senatorfrom Illinois and myself. I regret,
in addition, that the Senator from Illinois is not
now in his seat, for if it be necessary to discuss
that unpleasant question again, perhaps it would
be as well to do it now as at any other time. For
my part I am perfectly prepared for any ordeal
on that subject. The Senate will bear me wit-
ness, and the country will bear me witness 
Mr. WADE. I did not intend to yield the floor
for an argument, but simply for an explanation
in regard to this matter.
Mr. BIGLER. I must beg the Senator's par-
don. I came into the Chamber under the impres-
sion that he had closed his remarks. [" Oh, no."]
Still, sir, I trust the Senator from Ohio will in-
dulge me on a question so peculiarly personal and
interesting.
What 1 said when this point first came up, I
reassert—every word of it; and all the examina-
tion I have given the question has confirmed me
in the truth of what I then said. I did not say
that the distinct proposition was discussed; I did
not say what this Senator or that Senator did or
said on the occasion. This I did say, and this I
repeat, that the result of that interview and dis-
cussion was, to leave the impression clear on my
mind that the intention of the bill, known as the
Toombs bill, was to bring Kansas into the Union
asaState through theagencyof one popular vote,
and that for delegates to the convention. Did I
not show that the bill reported by the Senator I
from Illinois, in March, 1856, contained an ex-j
press provision requiring for the constitution the
sanction of the people? Did I not show that the
bill read in place by the Senator from Georgia, in
the subsequent month of June, contained the
same provision? Did 1 not show that both those
bills were referred to the committee of which the
Senatorfrom Illinois is the able chairman; and
that the bill reported as an amendment to what
was known as the Toombs bill, or one supplying
both those referred to the committee, contained
no such provision ? I gave that history in justi-
fication of the impression which I expressed; and
I repeat it as a complete vindication of alt I
said.
I know, sir, that I have been told that I entirely
misunderstood the nature of the discussion oa
that occasion; that it had reference, not to a vote
of the people, but that the question was whether,
when the proposed law should have been fully
executed, and the commissioners to be appointed
had performed their functions, Kansas was a State
in the Union, or whether it would require another
vote in Congress. I admit that was a leading
topic; but can I find any stronger evidence, in
addition to what I have given of the correctness
of my impressions, than that history itself? It
is clear, that if it was a question whether Kansas
was in the Union when that law had been fully
administered, I could have had the impression that
there was to be a vote of the people on the con-
stitution.
I do not desire, at this time, in the absence of
the Senator from Illinois, to go into this question
at any length. I stated a distinct recollection only
in reference to what the Senator from Georgia had
said. The impression made on my mind was in
this way: He related to me the history of Ohio;
the peculiar facts in the history of that State; that
it had been in the Union for years without hav-
ing been voted in by Congress; and that, when a
committee was appointed to inquire into the fact
whether Ohio was in the Union, the answer by
the committee was that the constitution of Ohio
was republican. That item of history left its im-
pression upon my mind. Now, sir, on no occa-
sion have 1 attempted to impugn the motives or
the integrity of any Senator who participated in
that consultation and discussion; but I have de-
fended myself; I have done it by the history of the
case. I inquired on this floor how the provision
requiring the people to vote was stricken out of
the bill. Who did it? Why was it done? It
surely was not done to secure to the people of Kan-
sas the right to vote. A provision similar was af-
terwards inserted in the Minnesota bill, and that
went still further to strengthen the impassions I
had entertained as to the character of the Toombs
bill.
Mr. President, I have no pride of opinion in
these things. I think I am as ready to bear and
forbear as any man. But in a matter that con-
cerns my personal integrity, I shall allow no man
to question me. I represent a proud and a patri-
otic people here; and when I know that I speak
the truth, I shall stand by the right, regardless of
consequences. My impressions are clear that it
was the intention to bring Kansas into the Union
through the agency of one popular vote under the
Toombs bill; that it was not contemplated that
the constitution to bo prepared, in the way pro-
scribed in that bill, should be submitted to the vote
of the people. No provision was made for au
election of that kind. It was a scheme complete
in itself, and there was no arrangement for a pop-
ular vote on the constitution. The agency of the
commissioners ceased when the convention was
elected.
Now, sir, I feel greatly at a loss, for I do not
know precisely what was said on this subject 
Mr. PUGH. There was no issue made with
the Senator at all, on any of the points fo which
he has alluded; and therefore I suggest that my
colleague is entitled to continue his remarks, and
the Senator may proceed afterwards.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania a question. I want to ask him if
he did not make a speech in the Territory of
Kansas, last summer, in which he advocated the
submission of the constitution to be made to the
vote of the people of that Territory ?
Mr. BIGLER. That is very irrelevant. What
has that to do with,the question I have been dis-
cussing? If, however, the Senator from Ohio is
perfectly willing to allow me to do so, I shall an-
swer the Senator from Massachusetts. I have
seen that story embellished and circulating in the
papers. Now, sir, I said in Kansas just what I
have said on this floor. I was in favor of submit-
ting the constitution to a vote of the people. I was
not in the habit of making speeches in Kansas.
On one occasion, and one only, perhaps for ten
minutes, I expressed my views, speaking gener-
ally about the character of the Territory and the
importance of peace and quiet to the people, aid
the blessings of a State. I did say that the con-
stitution ought to be submitted to a vote; but it is
