1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2141
RICHARD B. ALEXANDER. !
A bill (H. R. No. 332) for the relief of Richard i
B. Alexander.
The hill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to pay to Richard B.Alexander, ;
late a majorin the first Tennessee regiment, Mex- ;
lean war, $2o0 in full of the value of one horse j
and one mule lost by him'during the war. '
The evidence establishes that Major R. B. Al- ,
exander, of the first regiment of Tennessee vol-
unteers, in the war wuh Mexico, was severely
wounded in the battle ofMonterey, in consequence 1
of which he was prevented from marching with !
his regiment when it was ordered to proceed to |
Vera Cruz. After his recovery he proceeded to '
join his regiment, by the way of Brazos St. lago.
At the latter place he was obliged, by order of '
General Worth, then m command there, on ac-
count of deficiency of transportation, to leave his
horse and mule in charge of Quartermaster Hill,
under an engagement that they should be for-
warded to him. Whether forwarded or not is not
known; but it appears they never were received
by Major Alexander. The Government, having '
thus failed to furnish to a field officer, on a duty ;
which required him to embark on sea, the means ,
of transportation for his necessary horses, is lia- '
ble to pay for their loss. The value of the ani-
mals thus lost is proven to be two hundred and
fifty dollars.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass, j
JEREMIAH Y. DASHIELL. j
A bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Major J
Jeremiah Y. Dashiell, paymaster in the United !
States Army. !
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to state that that bill ]
was reported by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. Since it was reported, however, the House 1
has passed a Senate hill upon the same subject. I
move that the bill be laid aside to be leportedto
the House, with aiecommendation that it do not :
pass.
The motion was agreed to.
SIMEON STEDMAN.
A bill (H. R. No. 334) for the relief of Simeon
Stedman.
The bill directs the Secretary of War to instruct
the proper disbursing officer to pay to Simeon
Stedman, who served in Captain Christopher Rip-
ley's company, of the thirty-seventh infantry,
during the war with Great Britain, in 1812, such
sum nr sums as may have accrued to him, from
the time of his last receiving payment, for services
till the end of the war.
The report states that Simeon Stedman first
enlisted 111 the company of Captain Christopher
Ripley, of t he thirty-si-venth infantry, on the 9th of
July, 1613, and faithfully served till the 1st of June,
3814. At this latter period he reenlisted in said
company and regiment for and during the war.
On the 7th of April, 1815, he received leave of ab-
sence, to visit his sick mother. During his ab-
sence he himself was taken ill, and was unable to
return until after the disband men t of his company
and regiment. He was then refused payment, on
the ground that he was a deserter.
The bill was latd aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
SUSANNAH REDMAN.
A bill (H. R. No. 335) for the relief of Susan- \
nah Redman, widow of Lloyd Redman. j
The bill directs the Secretary of War to pay to 1
Susannah Redman, widow of Lloyd Redman, for- '
merly of Captain Clay's company of Kentucky
volunteers, $170, bem^ the amount adjudged as
due to Lloyd Redman for three horses lost by him 1
while in the service of the United States, during
the Mexican war. ;
The if port states that Lloyd Redman, deceased,
was the husband of the petition"!', Susannah Red-
man. He served as a private 111 the company of
Kentucky volunteers, commanded by Captain
Clay, 111 the Mexican war. Redman contracted
a disease duuns: his service; and, from the evi-
dence, it appeals this disease went far to hasten
his death. In consideration of these facts, a pen-
sion of <,3 f>0 per month, to continue for five years,
was oj-anted to the present petitioner, on the 4th
of September, 1857. It appears, further, that 1
Lloyd Redman, while m the service of the Urn- !
ted States, lost three horses; one of them being
" snagged,'5 and the other two poisoned by the
Mexicans.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
B. W. PALMER AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of B. W.
Palmer and others.
The bill directs that the excess of salary paid
to B. W. Palmer and others, as pursers' clerks,
under the estimates made in the naval appropria-
tion bill for the year lbo4, be confirmed and made
legal; provided, however, that nothing contained
in the bill shall be construed into a repeal of the
existing laws regulating the pay of pursers' clerks.
From the report it appears that the pay of pur-
sers' clerks, as fixed by law, was and is $500 per
annum; that the estimates in the Navy appropria-
tion bill for the year 1854 were for $750 per an-
num for pursers' clerks, but the act regulating the
pay at $500 per annum was not repealed; that,
misled by those estimates of the Navy Depart-
ment, the pursers' clerks at several of the navy-
yards received the increased pay; that the Fourth
Auditor of the Treasury afterwards notified the
pursers that the said allowance of §750 had been 1
illegal, and that it was their duty to make a de- !
duction of the excess thus allowed their clerks j
from their future salaries, but that such deduction -
would not be required until the said clerks should !
have an opportunity to apply to Congress for re- !
lief. It further appears that $750 per annum was :
not excessive; and having been paid under the i
circumstances aforesaid, it would be unjust and !
oppressive to require it now to be refunded. ;
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
HIRAM PAULDING.
A bill (H. R. No. 337) for the relief of Hiram
Paulding. [Objected to by Mr. Smith, of Vir-
ginia.]
JOHN M. BROOKE. j
A bill (H. R. No. 338) for the relief of John j
M. Brooke. [Objected to by Mr. Leiter,.] j
FRANCIS DAINESE.
A bill (H. R. No. 339) for the relief of Francis
Dainese. [Objected to by Mr. Garnett.]
PETER VAN BUSKIRIC.
A bill (IT. R. No 340) providing an increase j
of pension to Peter Van Buskhk, of Washington |
city, in the District of Columbia. [Objected to j
by Mr. Garnett.] I
JOHN HARRIS. f
A bill (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of John
Harris, of Warren county, Kentucky. [Objected ii
to by Mr. Garnett.] ij
JOHN CAMPBELL. • j!
A bill (T-I. R. No. 342) for the relief of John
Campbell. [Objected to by Mr. Wasiibur-ne, of I!
Illinois.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. As gentleman "
are objecting without knowing anything about the
bills, we might as well adjourn. I move (half 1
past four o'clock) that the committee rise.
Mr. EUSTIS demanded telleis upon the mo-
tion.
Tellers wore ordered; and Messrs. Buffinj ox i
and Florence w^re appoint! d. ||
The question was taken; and the tellers report- ;
ed—ayes 48, noes 46.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. No quorum has voted, and I
submit that the. roll must be called.
The CHAIRMAN. No quoru\n is necessary
for the com-mittce to rise.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Marsh \ll, 1
of Kentucky] lepoited that the Committee of the
Whole Houm; had, accoidiug to order, had the .
Private Calendar under consideration, and had di-
rected him to report sundry lulls back to the
House, with specific recommendations. The com-
mittee hod then found itself without a qtuu um.
Mr. JONES, of Tennesye. I ask the Speakt r
if he can leceive a report without a quorum being
present;
The SPEAKER. The Cha r is of opinion that
all the bills ordeied to be 1- ported kirk before the ■'
committee found itself without a quorum, can be
received.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the report of the
Chairman of the Committee of the Whole is
hardly parliamentary. The report should have
been simply that a majority of the committee had
determined to rise. It was not necessary that a
quorum should vote on the motion that tiie com-
mittee rise, and the fact that there was no quorum,
therefore, would not have been reported to the
House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I suppose
that is my business, as Chairman of the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, to make a report, and
whether, or not, it is done strictly in a parliament-
ary manner, is another question. I report the
fact, and my object in so doing, is to let the busi-
ness of the committee, so far as it has been prop-
erly transacted, come before the House in the
shape of the bills and amendments which have
been laid aside to be reported to the House. As
I understand it, the gentleman challenges the re-
port that the committee found itself without a
quorum and agreed to rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state the point I wish
to make.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want my ques-
tion of order entertained by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has the iloor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say that if the
Chairman of the Committee of the Whole House
had confined himself to the report, which I think
is a proper one to make, then the question would
not be before us of the want of a quorum, and the
point of order could not be made. The commit-
tee, while it had a quorum, ordered the report to
the House of certain bills; and although, after-
wards, it found itself without a quorum, yet a ma-
jority determined to rise and report. But the
Chan man of the Committee of the Whole House
has no right to leport a fact to the House that is
not material. Less than a majority can rise; and
therefore the want of a quorum does not affect the
report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I make the point
that less than a quorum cannot make a report; and
that even if it be made, less than a quorum of the
House cannot receive it. There is no legal am?
constitutional House to receive the report if there
be not a quoium present.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There is no
evidence that there is not a quorum present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Only five minutes
ago we ascertained by a count that there was not
a quorum present.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That was in
committee,and some time ago. There may be a
quorum here now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no knowledge
of the fact that there is no quorum present. The
Chairman of the Committee of the Whole House
reports to the House that they have had the P11-
vate Calendar under consultation, and have di-
rected him to report sundry bills to the House,
some with, and some without amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. 1 object to the reception of that
report, on the ground that there is no quorum
present.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. How do you know that5
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It was ascertained
by a count in committee onlv five minutes ago
that there was no quorum present. If there be a
quorum here let it lie shown. I do not make the
point of order to obstruct the business of the
House. When a quorum is present I am willing
to vote for digchar^ing the Committee of the
Whole House from the bills winch have been laid
aside to bo reported to the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole House;
and on thatmotioul demand tellers We can scon
see whether we have a quorum or not.
Mr. RUFFIN. I move that tin; House do now
adjourn.
'Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the bills re-
ported fiom the Committee of the Whole House
be iccominitted; and on that motion I call for the
previous question.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. Has the Chair de-
cidcvl to receive the report;
