12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14.
That they visited and inspected the Hall on the morning
of the 12th instant. Some of the members of the committee
had supposed that, the room having been lately finished, the
walls must necessarily be damp. But on consulting with
the Superintendent, Captain M. C. Meigs, of the corps of
engineers, they were informed that the wails of the cham-
ber had been built for two or three years, and the interior
walls supporting the galleries, and the walls under the floor
for several months; that they were all hud w brick and
cement,, which dries much more rapidly.than common lime
mortar. There was no appearance of dampness about the
room or walls, excepting where thfe first plastering, having
been injured in putting up the door-frames, had been re-
moved and replaced, to a small extent, by fiesh plaster,
which, of itself, had been upon the walls for some two
weeks.
A hygrometer above the Speaker's desk indicated a dry
atmosphere; and, so far as the committee could judge from
their own sensations, the air m the room was as dry as that
of any ordinary apartment. They found the room Warm,
well lighted, and ventilated by a supply of air, winch, they
are assured by Captain Meigs, the supenntendent, Was
flowing through the room at the rate of not less than eleven
thousand live hundied feet per minute, as determined by
observations at the inlet passages by a delicate anemometer.
The temperature had been designedly raised rather higher
than was agreeable, m order, by driving through the room
a large quantity of air at a high temperature, to raise that
of the large body of masonry m the flues under the floor,
which had been chilled by the cold weather immediately
preceding the meeting ot' Congiess and the completion of
the heating apparatus.
The two tans—one of which is intended to drive air
through the large coil of steam pipes provided foi heating
the House of Representatives, and the other through the nu-
merous coiln arranged xn difiercnt parts of the ccllais to sup-
ply heat to the committee rooms, lobbies, and eoiridois of
the building—aie notyetcompleted. Buttas the air, warmed
by the steam coils, rises into the room* in suilieieui quan-
tity, in consequence of the diffeiunce in spceiiie gravity of
heated and cold air, the heating and ventilation of thef-e
rooms were found to be in a veiy satisfactory state, the only
fault to bo found with them being that they wcie, perhaps,
too warm. Tin-* heat, however, is under peilect contiol,
and can be increased or diminished at pleasure.
The supply of air to the Representatives'chamber, at the
time of the committee's visit, has already been stated at
eleven thousand live hundied feet per minute, by actual
measurement. They were mlbnned that the lan winch in
being built for the supply of tin* Hall, will be capable of
supplying one hundred thousand cubic feet per minute—a
quantity sufficient to change entirely the air contained in
the Hall .every rive minutes, the cubic content* of" the Hall
and galleries being four bundled and sixty-live thousand
cubic feet.
The members'retiung room, the Speakei's room, the
Cleik's room-, theiuum for the Scigeant-at- Aims, the eur-
lent document looms, the cloak and hat, and wash ioonx,
are conveniently ananged neai the Hall, and aieicadyto
be furni-hed and occupied.
The south lobby and the private stairs are so arranged as
to adim t of cutting off ail the above rooms tiom the admi-Moa
of strangers, and icserving them for the sole use of the
House ; and thus the committee recommend to be done by
order of the House.
For the official reporters of the Ilou«!0,aoonvcmentdesk,
immediately under the clerk's desk, is piovided : and for tin;
accommodation of the icpoiter.sol thepubiu pi cm-. tireie is
ample room in tins gaileiy, immediately ovei the Speakei's
chair, and ea-t of the railing. The committee lecomrncnd
tliat tt ie> pan oi the gallery,and the room immediately behind
^ it, in the third story, be bet apart loi their u-e, and provided
with desks and conveniences for taking and wilting out their
notes. The telegraphic wires should also be introduced into
this loom, so as to permit the uannm-sum of intelligence
direct trom the reporters to the distant pres«?. By ibis
means, the lepoitof an hour's speech might be completely
set up in New Yoik within fifteen minutes alter itMlehveiy.
The corridors leading to the llnll aie diy aftd eonifoitable.
In some of them the tile lioois are not yet bud; but there
is no icason fin wailing until tin* is done. The flooi,; are I
of brick, and e.iu lemam m their pte.-ent condition until
the termination of the .se-ston, the ule* ui the mean time
being stoied in the cellar.
For the present, the committees and the officess of Con-
gress whom it may not be convenient to accommodate,
can remain in the old budding, to which there will be con-
venient access thiough a eoveied parage leading fiom the
new directly to the old flail, which u will enter by the wm-
dow-door behind the Speaker's chair.
The committee made <ome tual of the acoustic qualities [
of the room. Tnev found veiy little leveiberation ; so little
as not to mt-ufere with divtineines^ of hearing; and ascei-
tained bytti.H that not only eonid nil that wa* said at the
Speaker's desk be heard on all pail* of tin' floor and gal-
lenes but that the voice from eaeh member"?, desk or liom
any pait of the gailenes could be easily made audible m all
parts of the loom, without laisuig it above the tone required
in speaking across a table.
Tlieie may be some hftle ineonvenienec and interruption
of work upon unfinished paiNof the building ouNtde of the
Hall; but the I hill itself is completely leady lor the use of
the House; and, m view of the great advantages in the
com'ort, convenience, and health ot the membcu-—the great
impiovement m the tian^aetion of the legislative bu-mess,
from the perfect aeou-tie qualities of the room, Hisuimg to
every member, wherevei his seat may be, the ability to be
heaid and understood when he may address the liouse—
and, in view of the fact that the immense expendituie of
the Capitol extension ha? been incurred solely for the pui-
pose of providing such looms for the deliberation-, of Con-
gress—they cannot hesitate to recommend that the House
avail themselves of the use of tlusioom as soon as possible.
Some furniture and books for curt ent use it will be neces-
sary to remove ; and some lumber and rubbish vet incum-
ber the approaches. Tnese can all, in their opinion, be
i©moved by Wednesday morning; and they therefore rec-
ommend the adoption of the following resolution :
Resolved. That, when this House adjournsto-monow, it
win adjourn to meet in thenew Hall of Representatives, in
the south wing of the extension of the Capitol, on Wednes-
day at noon.
Mr. DAVIDSON. If the gentleman from Ark-
ansas intends to make a speech in favor of adopt-
ing this resolution, I desire to make a statement
to the House, so that we may understand the
question to be discussed. Mr. Speaker, as chair-
man of the Committee on Enrolled Bills, I have,
in some measure, the responsibility of the Clerk's
office; and 1 have to say to the gentleman from
Arkansas and this House, that, since the propo-
sition for removal has been mooted, being aware
of the responsibility which would be incurred if
the Clerk's office could not be prepared for the
papers which must be removed there, I have in-
vestigated the facts, and I will say to the House
that the papers in the Clerk's offices could not be
removed there in three weeks, if they were to
.commence to-day. And even then, when they
were removed, it would be only temporary; for
the designs of the iron castings, which are per-
manently to hold the papers, have not yet been
made. •
I have.no objection to the House removing there
whenever it shall see fit, if the public interest is
not jeoparded thereby. But, if the House in-
tends removing there, the day ought to be put
far enough in the prospective to enable the clerks
to remove their papers.
Mr. WARREN. I strikes me with consid-
erable force that it is time that the members of
this House should have some regard to their
own convenience and comfort, and not look so
much to that of those outside the House. I would
be as anxious as any other gentleman to accom-
modate the clerks, but I am perfectly certain that
the longer this is deferred the longer they will
defer removing their papers.
I desire to state, in addition to the facts con-
tained in the report, that this committee have
taken no little trouble in investigating the condi-
tion of the new Hall. We were there for four
hours on Saturday, and examined the capacities
of the Hall, not only in respect to acoustics, but
in reference to the matter of temperature, and the
convenience and comfort of members. They had
it lighted on Saturday night. It was again tested
yesterday, when there was a large concourse—
not less than fifteen hundred people assembled.
The Hall was full, and the galleries were filled
to overflowing; but no gentleman experienced any
inconvenience in consequence of the temperature
of the Hall, or difficulty in hearing.
Now, I say again, that the longer we defer
our removal, the longer the officers of the House
will delay the removal of their papers. They
have no wish to remove. They are comfortably
located where they are; they have all the conve-
niences to make them comfortable. But we are
not comfortably situated. Every gentleman
knows the difficulty of hearing in this Hall. No
gentleman can either understand himself or make
others understand him. The most remote seat
in that Hall is far preferable to the choicest one
in this.
Other gentlemen are unwilling to remove be-
cause they do not wish to be annoyed by the
workmen outside of the Hall; but the Superin-
tendent informed the committee that the House
should not hear the sound of a hammer while
they were in session. The workmen could be
employed there during the forenoon, and employed
on the other wing of the Capitol the remaining
portion of the day.
I believe the resolution should be adopted, and
I demand the previous question.
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded; there being, on a division—ayes one hun-
dred and fort^-one, noes not counted.
Mr. MORGAN demanded tellers on ordering
the main question to be put.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KEITT, Mr. Speaker, I wish to vote
understanding^ on this matter, and I should
therefore like to ask the gentleman from Arkan-
sas a question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. KEITT. I am not going to debate the
question. I presume the House desires the inform-
ation I seek as much as I do I would inquire
of the chairman of the committee whether the
approaches to the new Hall are in a condition to
fit it for occupation by the members ?
Mr. WARREN. They will be in such condi-
tion at the time fixed in the resolution.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 149, nays 61; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Anderson, Andrews, At-
kins, Avery, Banks, Barksdale, Bingham, Blair, Bliss,
Bowie, Bovee, Branch, Brayton, Bryan, Buffmton, Bur-
lingame, Burnett, Buiroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee,
Ezra Clark, Horace F.Clark, John B. Clark, Clawson.Clay,
Clemens, Clingman, Cohh, Clark B. Cochrane, Cockenll,
Comins, Cox, Crawford, Cuitis, Damrell, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Iowa,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dimmick,
Dowdell, Durfee, Elliott,English, Fenton, Foster, Giddums,
Gilhs, Gilmer, Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck,
Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Mor-
rison Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoard, Hopkins, Horton,
Hovvatd, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Owen Jones,
Kellogg, Kelly, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Leiter, Lovejoy,
McKibbm, McQueen, Hum phi ey Marshall, Samuel S.Mai-
shall, Ma^on, Maynard, Miles, Moore. Morgan, Morrill,
Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Nichols, Olm,
Palmer, Parker, Peyton, Phelps, Potter, Purviance, Quit-
man, Ready, Reilly, Ricaud, Ritchic, Robbing, Roberts,
Royce, Sandidge, Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron
Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Judson W. Shermau, Shorter,
Singleton, Robert Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevenson, William Stewart, Talbot,Tappan, George Tay-
lor, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade,
Walbridge, Walton, Ward, Warren, Elhbu B. Washbuine,
Israel Washburn, Watkins, White, Wlnteley, Winslow,
Woodson,"Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and John V.
Wught—M9.
A'AY S— Messrs. Adiam, Bilhnghurst, Bocock, Bonham,
Burns, Chapman, Colfax, Covode, Cragin, James Craig,
Burton Craige, Ourry, Davidson, Devvart, Dodd, Edmund-
son, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell,
Goode, Goodwin, Thomas L. Harris, Haskm, Hickman,
Hill, Houston, Hughes,Gcoige W. Jone«, J.Glaney Jones,
Kclscy. Kilgore, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, Leech,
Leidy", Letcher. Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Edwaid Joy
Moni-s, I^aac N. Morris., Niblack, Pettit, Phillips, Pike,
Pottle, Ruffin, Savage, John Sherman, Samuel A. Smith,
Stalhvorth, Stephen^, James A. Stewart, Miles Taylor,
Waldion, Wilson, and Zolhcoffei—61.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WARREN, moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, previous
notice having been given, introduced a bill making
an appropriation forthp payment of the expend-
itures incurred by the Territories of Oregon and
Washington for the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities therein; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. LANE. I ask leave to introduce another
bill—a bill making an appropriation for the com-
pletion of the military road from Astoria to Salem,
m Oregon Territory.
Mr. BLISS. What is the regular order of
business?
The SPEAKER. A call of the States for res-
olutions.
Mr. BLISS. I insist on the regular order.
The SPEAKER proceeded with the call of the
States for resolutions, beginning with Maine.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask leave to introduce a
bill donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges for
the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,
of which previous noticc has been given; and
shall ask that it be referred to the Committee on
Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COP/R. It is unusual to order the printing
of a bill on-its introduction and reference. It is
as well, probably, that the practice should be ad-
hered to at the beginning of the session as at any
other time. I have no particular objection to
this bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw that portion of
my motion for the printing of the bill.
There were, on a division of the House, eighty
votes in favor of the reference of the bill as indi-
cated, and sixty-six opposed to it.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and
nays. Let us start right, Mr. Speaker, and we
will continue in the right. I understand that the
proposition before us is to refer this bill to the
Committee on Agriculture instead of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. A bill relating to an
appropriation of the public lands ought unques-
tionably to go to the Committee on Public Lands,
if it go anywhere. What has the Committee on
Agriculture to do with it? What does it know
about the disposition of the public lands ? Noth-
