1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
Harlan, Kmc, Fugh, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—20. _
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown, Clay,
Fitch, Green, Houston, Ilunier, Ivcrson, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Mason, Polk, Se-
bastian, Slidell, and Toombs—18.
So the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 15, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. W. D. Haley.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented a joint resolution of
the corporation of Washington, asking Congress
to make an appropriation for opening and grading
Massachusetts avenue from Twelfth street to the
northwestern boundary of the city; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
He also presented a joint resolution of the cor-
poration of Washington, in relation to lighting
certain avenues and streets in that city with gas;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. 1
Mr. COLLAMER presented the memorial of i
Ebenezer Watson, praying an increase of his pen-:
sion; which was referred to the Committee on ]
Pensions. :
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of Patterson, New Jersey, for the adoption of
measures for the gradual and peaceful extinction
of slavery; which was ordered to lie oil the table, j
Mr. MASON presented the petition of R. F. I
Mason, Passed Assistant Surgeon in the Navy, J
praying that his pay may date from his examina-
tion, and not from'the time of his commission; j
which was referred to the Committee on Naval j
Affairs. I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented
on the files oi the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
  ~ , t ■ ■ . Revolutionary Claims.
tition of citizens of Fort Dodge, Iowa, praying that-
rui
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas W. Ward, on the
files of the Senate, be releired to the Committee on Claims.
a pe
the p'ubliclandsmay cease to":>e considered a source^ 0n motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was
of public revenue, and that hereafter all entries of
them maybe confined to actual settlers; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented two petitions from citizens
of'Wisconsin, praying that the public lands may :
cease to be considered a source of public revenue, j -n reiation to the duties of postmasters;
■ 1' 1 1.     -3 4~ n C 4 ^ ll A nrt/1 f n
tia system; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FOSTER. I present the petition of Char-
lotte Taylor, now residing in the State of Con-
necticut, the only surviving child of the late Wil-
liam Scarbrough, of Savannah, Georgia. As the
petition is very short, and as it will more clearly
explain its purport than I can, I ask that it may
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
The petition of Charlotte Taylor, now residing in the
State of Connecticut, respectfully shows: That your peti-
tioner is the onlv surviving child of the late William Scar
brough, of Savannah, Georgia; that her father, being an
energetic and enteipiismg man,of great mechanical genius,
caused to be constructed, m the years 1818 and 1819, with
his own means and those of every friend he could enlist in
the effort, the first steamer that ever crossed the Atlantic—
the Savannah, of Savannah, Captain Stevens lingers, of
New London, commanding; that her voyage was entirely
successful, and inaugurated a new and brilliant era in the
history of tile naval and commercial marine of the country.
For the details of said voyage, and for other interesting de-
tails connected with the enterprise, your petitioner refers
to the affidavit of Captain Rogers, hereto annexed, and
which, she prays, may be taken as a part of this her peti-
tion. Yourpehtionerpraystliatyour honorable bodies will
take into considei ation the great sacrifices which her father
made in accomplishing this great work, (for it utterly ruined
and impoverished him,) and that you will award to your pe-
titioner such pecuniary acknowledgment as you maysee fit
for the groat and lasting benefits which have resulted to the
cnuntrv from the entei prise, and pecuniary sacrifices of
said William Scarbrough. And vour petitioner will ever
piay, &c., &c. CHARLOTTE TAYLOil.
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the licirs of John W. Pray,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COLLAMER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
and that hereafter entries of them maybe con
fined to actual settlers; which was ordered to lie
on the table. . II
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition ofcit- j
izens of Arkansas, praying for the establishment j
of a mail route from Fort Smith, in that State, to j
Albuquerque, in New Mexico; which was re- '
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post j
Roads. . . „ !
He also presented a petition of steamboat om- \
eers and citizens of Napoleon, Arkansas, praying j
the establishment of a board of inspectors of |
steamboats at Memphis, Tennessee; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of inhab-
itants of Yates county, New York, praying that
a pension may be granted to Martha Brown, widow
of a revolutionary soldier; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented resolutions of the New York
State Agricultural Society, recommending that a
grant of land be made to each of the several States
and Territories of the Union, including the Dis-
trict of Columbia, for the maintenance and en-
dowment of agricultural colleges therein; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying til at the public lands may be granted
in farms or lots, free of cost, to actual settlers
only; which was ordered to he on the table.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of New York, instructing the Senators and
Representatives of that State in Congress to use
their influence to procure the enactment of a law
crantin" pensions to the surviving soldiers of the
Indian wars from 1791 to 1795, and to the widows
of such as have died; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions and ordered to be printed.
He also piesented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of New York, instructing the Senators and
Representatives of that State in Congress to urge
the enactment of a law granting to the militia ot
the States arms and equipments of the most effi-
cient patterns, and in increased quantities, ana
also the enactment of a law to reorganize the mut-
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BIGGS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 201) to
execute the treaties of 1817 and 1819, with the
Clierokees, by making provision for the reserva-
tions under the same; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 359) for the relief of Duncan Rob-
ertson, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, (heir Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
An act for the relief of John Hamilton; and
A joint resolution to authorize certain officers
and men, who have been engaged in the search
for Sir John Franklin, to receive certain medals
presented to them by the Government of Great
Britain.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Charles A. Kinkead, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 199) for the relief of
Livingston, Kinkead & Co. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom !
was referred the petition of citizens of St. Louis .
county, Minnesota, and the petition of citizens ;
of Copper Harbor, Lake Superior, respecting an ;
agency for the Indian bands of Lake Superior, j
asked to be discharged from their further consid- '
eration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred resolutions of the Legislature of
Texas, relative to the adoption of measures for
the protection of citizens of Texas against Indian
depredations, presented February 16 and Feb-
ruary 24, and the resolution of that Legislature
relative to the removal of Indians west of the
Pecos river,-asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, and that they be referred
to the Secretary of War; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia, to whom
was referred the memorial of Jeremiah Y. Da-
shiell, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 202) for the relief of Major Jeremiah Y.
Dashieli, paymaster in the United States Army.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of David Gordon, submitted a report accompa-
nied by a joint resolution (S. No. 21) devolving
upon the Secretary of War the execution of the
act of Congress entitled, " An act supplemental
to an act therein mentioned,"approved December
22,1854. The resolution was read and passed to
a second reading; and the report was ordered to
! be printed.
I ROSS WILKINS AND OTHERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business, the business next in
order on the Calendar is the resolution offered by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.]
Mr. STUART. I suppose it is not desired to
discuss that question to-day. There is a bill on
the table which I observed my colleague desired
to have passed a day or two ago, but it was laid
over. I hope it will now be taken up.
Mr. GREEN. It was laid over at the request
of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who
is absent on account of sickness in his family. _
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, I think, has withdrawn his objection.
Mr. STUART. There is no objection to it
certainly. The Senator from Virginia has ex-
amined it. The case in one of great merit.
Mr. CHANDLER. It ia the bill (S. No. 58) to
authorize and direct the settlement of the accounts
of Ross Wilkins, James Witherell, and Solomon
Sibley, which was laid over on Saturday until to-
day.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of "the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. BIGGS. Is there any report accompany-
ing the bill? If not too long, I ask that it bo
read.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Vermont
can state in a moment the facts of this case.
Mr. COLLAMER. This bill relates toaclaim
for services as members of the land board of
Michigan, some years since. As judges of the
Territory they were directed to adjudicate on the
French land claims in Detroit and that vicinity,
and had a great deal of service of that kind to do.
Their colleagues on that board have been from
time to tune provided for by two different acts,
and for the services of these two judges, one of
whom is deceased, it is proposed by this bill to
pay at the same rate as the others; and that is the
whole bill. Congress has passed upon it for (he
different members of that board from time to time,
and have made provision for ail of them except
two. They now apply to have pay at the same
rate as the others have received.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
WASHINGTON MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. HALE. I wish to offer the following res-
olution of inquiry:
Resohed, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia be instructed to inquire into theexpediency of abol-
ishing the military asylum near Washington city, Distuct
of Columbia, and of resorting to some other means for pro-
viding for the inmates of that institution.
I ask for the consideration of the resolution at
this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. HALE. Before the resolution is passed,
, I wish to say that a resolution of similar char-
! acter was passed by the Senate at the last session,
1 and an inquiry was instituted and pursued by tfte
Committee on Military Affairs. They made a re-
' port, and the result of that report was an act ot
