THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C, RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1857.
New Series....No. 3
ing; and it seems to me we had better start right
than to get right afterwards; and that each prop-
osition, as it is introduced, should be referred to
its appropriate committee. The probability is,
that if this bill goes to the Committee on Agri-
culture, it will be reported back with leave to have
it referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the reading of the
bill.
The bill was read in extenso. It provides that
there shall be granted to the several States and
Territories, for the purposes specified in the title,
six million three hundred and forty thousand
acres of the public land, to be apportioned accord-
ing to representation in Congress, and with other
conditions which are named in detail.
DEATH OF SENATOR BUTLER.
Before the reading was concluded, a message
was received from the Senate, by Asbcry Dick-
ins, its Secretary, communicating to the House
of Representatives the proceedings of the Seriate
of respect to the memory of the Hon. Andrew P.
Butler, deceased, late a Senator from the State
of South Carolina.
The message having been read,
Mr. BOYCEsaid: Mr. Speaker, theresolutions
before the House announce the death of Andrew
Pickens Butler, late Senator from the State of
South Carolina. It is my melancholy privilege
to add my feeble tribute of respect to the more
imposing proceedings of the Senate.
judge Butler departed this life on the 25th
day of May, A. D. 1857, at Stonelands, his resi-
dence, in Edgefield district, South Carolina. He
died in the midst of his friends and kindred, re-
ceiving from them every kindness the most de-
voted affection could suggest, and his last visions
of earth were of those scenes must endeared to
him by the memories of his past life.
Judge Butler's health was somewhat impaired
at the close of the last Congress, but no serious
consequences were apprehended, so that the rapid
and fatal termination of his disease was in a great
degree unexpected.
Judge Butler was born on the 18th day of No-
vember, 1796, m Edgefield district, South Caro-
lina. His father rendered distinguished services
to the Whig cause in the great wai of our Revo-
lution, and his mother was a woman of great
strength of mmd and unusual force of charac-
ter.
The subject of my remarks, after receiving a
course of intellectual training under the best in-
structors, was entered as a student of the South
Carolina College, where he soon gave evidence of
great promise, and where he subsequently grad-
uated with distinction. Upon completing his
collegiate course, he devoted himself with ardor
to the study of the law, choosing the same path
so many great minds have taken to distinction.
Upon his admission to the bar, his success was
rapid and brilliant; his vigorous mind and impul-
sive energy soon placing him in the front rank of
the profession.
In 1833 he was called by the Legislature of
South Carolina to a seat on the bench of the
supreme court, which position he held until his
election to the United States Senate in 1846, as
the colleague of Mr. Calhoun. It was from this
period he became known to the people of the
United States, his reputation previously having
been confined to his own State. His services in
the Senate were active and important. His posi-
tion as chairman of the Judiciary Committee re-
quired him to take cognizance of a class of cases of
great delicacy and interest—contested elections—
for the proper consideration of which he was pe-
culiarly fitted, by his freedom from party bias.
During his senatonal career some of the most
agitaiing questions arose which have ever con-
vulsed the public mind, in the consideration of
which he bore his full share of responsibility.
Indeed, during his long term of service in the
Senate, there was hardly an important debate in
which he did not take a prominent part.
Upon all questions in our foreign relations he
was firm, yet discreet; and upon sectional ques-
tions, while steadfastly insisting upon the consti-
tutional rights of the South, he was eminently
conservative. It is not my purpose, however, to
refer with minuteness to his senatorial history.
He has made his own record upon the pages of
our^congressional annals, to which the student of
political philosophy may turn with interest and
advantage.
Judge Butler's intellectual gifts were remark-
able. His mind was strong, fertile, acute, quick,
and suggestive. He did not arrive at his conclu-
sions by slow gradations of reasoning, but he
bounded to them with impetuosity. His dis-
courses were not regular chains of ratiocination;
his mind was too ardent for this slow process.
He came at once to his strong points, and stated
them in graphic language. He did not pursue
his subject by the dim twilight of a cold logic;
he seized it promptly and bore it with him, illu-
minating the flight of his genius with perpetual
flashes.
In him mind and body were in more remarkable
accord than any orator to whom I have evtr lis-
tened. You could almost hear the beatings of his
heart in the tones of his-voice. He had all the
attributes of the orator—mind, body, soul, all
gave their assurance and their aid. His eloquence
was not the eloquence of art; it was the eloquence
of nature. Nothing could be more simple than
his style of speaking. It was nature—pure nature
—sublimated, indeed, by a poetic temperament,
and chastened by the study of the great masters.
A strong mind, imagination all compact, words
that burn a noble heart, a commanding person,
a bold and fiery spirit, all wreaking themselves
upon expression, were the secrets of his power.
Besides this occult spell and mystery of elo-
quence, Judge Butler also had, in a remarkable
degree, what Cicero so much commends: boni
senatoris prudentia—the prudence of a good Sen-
ator; and herein consisted a striking and distinct-
ive trait in his intellectual organization—in his
emotions all impulse; in his actions he was all
prudence.
But m his moral attributes he towered still
more proudly eminent. He was a man of an
exquisite sense of honor. His soul was full of
authentic fire. He was just, generous, kind, and
forgiving. He contemplated human life fiom the
stand-point of an elevated moral grandeur. He
was the material out of which heroes arc made;
and if fate had so willed it, like Bayard or Rus-
sell, or his heroic brother, Pierce Butler, who
fell at the head of the Palmetto regiment, he
would have sublimely died under the most malig-
nant star.
Such was Andrew Pickexs Butler, no com-
mon-place man, dwarfed by materialism, but a
real man. His majestic form, his noble head
silvered o'er with the frosts of age, rise even now
before me, and I think of a Roman Senator in the
best days of the great Republic, when Pyrrhus
and the unwonted elephant were despised. I
never went into the Senate Chamber, and looked
upon that august body, in the midst of which,
near his approved friends, the Senators from Vir-
ginia, sat this venerable man, but that I felt proud
to see my State so worthily represented. But he
is no more; he sleeps in the bosom of his native
State, which he loved so well; the somber pine
forests of the land of the sun, unheeded, sigh
their unceasing requiem over his grave.
Peace and honor to his memory. He is one of
the last of a constellation of great men, which
South Carolina, with a singular prodigality, gave
to the service of the Federal Government. His
name will shortly be but a memory. We, too,
will soon tread the dark passage of the tomb,
through which he has passed, and other repre- j
sentatives, strangers to him and to us, will walk
these Halls. '
The paths of glory have no exit but the grave. j
Life is but a brief episode m the great drama of ;
immortality, and death but an event in thatepi- i
sode. Let us, then, so act our parts as to meet i
that inevitable event with fortitude, and justify,
if not a place in the pantheon of history, at least
a place for some short space in the recollections
of good men.
I offer the following:
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep sensibil-
ity the announcement of the death of And.rew Pickens
Botler, late a Senator in Congress from the State of South
Carolina.
Resolved, That a9 a testimony of respect for the memory
of the deceased, the members and officers of tins House
wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceedings of this House in relation
to the death of Andrew Pickens Botler be communicated
to the family of the deceased by the Clerk.
Resolved, That as a further mat k of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased this House do now adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise, sir, to
second the motion for the adoption of those reso-
lutions. But before the question is put, I wish
to add a few words to what has been said by the
gentleman from South Carolina, in honor of the
memory of the distinguished Senator whose death
has been announced. Judge Butler was known
to me personally. Hisimmediateconstituentsand
mine are neighbors. Nothing but the broad and
beautiful Savannah separates them, identified*!!!
interests, identified in habits, in sentiments, and
in feelings, their sympathies naturally commingle
on a common loss and bereavement, and such
this is considered.
Judge Butler possessed, in an eminent degree,
those qualities that not only secure the esteem and
the admiration always due to genius and learning
and talent of a high order, but those other quali-
ties that win the love and the affection of all who
come within their range. He was emphatically
a man cast in an original mold, of most marked
characteristics, physical as well as intellectual.
As the honorable gentleman spoke of his silvery
locks and majestic form and stately person and
Roman countenance, I could almost imagine him
again standing in our midst. Those of us who
knew that form and knew that gallant bearing,
with the sense of age and the fire of youth, can
never forget him. He was mercurial m his tem-
perament, more pointed in conversation, as well
as in argument, than he was logical. But he was,
nevertheless, firm and stable.
In the social circle he shone to great advantage.
Wit and humor, drawn from classical sources,
were his delight. He was chaste iti thought and
classical in expression. In the busy pursuits of
life, the abstruse studies of the law, or the labors
that devolved on him in public life, he did not
forget the cultivation of letters. He scorned to
wrangle, yet he had a zeal for truth. In manner
he was easy and agreeable—in intercourse with
mankind,warm-hearted,brave,chivalrous. None
was more liberal; none more unoffending; none
more generous, noble, or magnanimous.
He was firm, though versatile. Decision was
one of his marked characteristics. As a judge
and as a legislator, he came up to the ideal of one
of his favorite poets:
" Justunl et tenaeem propositi virum
Non eivium ardor prava jubentiun;
Non vultus instantis Tyranni
Mente quatit solida.;'
Pew men were more amiable and mild in dis-
position , none more resolute in purpose.
Sir, eulogy is not my object; that may be left
for his biographer or historian. He that was a
few months ago with us, is gone. Those places
that knew him so well, will know him no more.
We, too, are passing away. How brief the time
since the voices of Lowndes, of McDtifiie, of Cal-
houn, and of Hamilton, were heard within these
walls! The cold sod covers them to-day. The
voice of Butler is silent in the grave with theirs.
These were men that stirred, in their day, em-
pires—a proud galaxy, of which the gallant Pal-
metto State, which they almost adored, may well
be proud. As a mother, shu may well boast of
such jewels.
But, the thought, how suggestive, when we
see men of such character in their day and gen-
eration, passing away, receding from the existing
