2144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14.
James A. Stallvortt*-
Mr. SAND1DGE. I know that Mr. Stall-
worth is unwell and unable to be here, and I
therefore move that he be excused.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Alexander H. Stephens.
Mr. STEVENSON. The condition of Mr.
Stephens is known to everybody. He was com-
pelled to leave the Hall from indisposition, and I
move that he be excused.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
William Stewart. No excuse offered.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to state that my col-
league is in perfect good health, and in order to pre-
serve his health, I presume he has gone to dinner.
Albert G. Talbot. No excuse offered.
Mason W. Tappan. No excuse offered.
George Taylor No excuse offered
Eli Thayer. No excuse offered.
John Thompson.
Mr. MORGAN. My colleague has been called
home by the illness of his daughter. I move that
he be excused.
The question was taken; and Mr. Thompson
"was excused.
Hubert P. Trippe. No excuse offered.
Edward Wade. No excuse offered
Elijah Ward. No excuse offered.
Edward A. Warren:.
Mr. GREENWOOD. My colleague left the
city some weeks ago, for the purpose of attend-
ing the sick bed of his mother, and he did not ex-
pect to return this se-ssion. He paired off for two
weeks with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Montgomery.] That pair ended, 1 believe,
yesterday; and 1 have paired him offfiom yester-
day with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings.]
The question was taken; and Mr. Warren
was excused.
Cadwalader C. Washburn. No excuse of-
feied.
Albert G. Watkins. No excuse offered.
William G. Whiteley. No excuse offered.
James Wilson. No excuse offered.
John M. Wood. No excuse offered.
Samuel II Woodson. No excuse offered.
Augustus R, Wright. No excuse offered.
John V. Wright. No excuse offered.
Felix K. 7i0i.lic0rrr.r. No excuse offered.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I am requested to
say that Mi. Wade remained in the llouse till
after the last roll call on the motion to adjourn; [
and that he went off, on being informed that the
House had adjourned; he came back immediately
and has been in the galleiy ever since. I move
that he be excused.
Mi. MORGAN. I am sony, indeed, that so
old a member should not have known enough to
know when the llmw adjourns.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Members ought to
know that, under the parliamentary law, it is the
dmy of members to remain in their seats tiH the
House has adjourned, and till after the Speaker
lias passed out gracefully. [Laughter ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would like to call
the attention of the House to that rule at the
proper time.
The qu#fction was taken; and Mr. Wade was
not excused.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move thaj, the Sergeant-at-
Arms be instructed to take into custody the ab-
sent members who have not been excused, and to
bring them before the bar of the House.
m Mr. LEITER. I ask for the reading of the
rule on the subject.
The SPEAKER. The rule on the subject is
this:
"6*3. Upon the call of the House, the nam«v«? of the mem-
bers shall Ik; called over by tin- Oleik, and the ab-^-meoo
noted; after winch the namc^of f ho absentees --liali a^ain
be culled ovei ; the door> shall then be shut, and tho^> fot
whom no eveu^e or ni-ulhou'iit e\eu-.esare niade. tu.iy, by
ord<T ol tho^e present, it fifteen in number, be taken into
custody as rhe> appear, or may be sent for and taken into
custody, wlieicverto be tound, by special messengers to be
appointed lor that puipose."
Mr. GOODWIN. I did not hear the name of
Mr. Bennett called. 1 was by his side when he
left the Hall, and I know that he left, complaining
of a severe headache. I move that he be excused.
The question was taken; and Mr. Bennett was
excused.
Mr. SINGLETON. Will it be proper for this
House to adjourn, and allow these gentlemen to be
taken into custody, and dealt with when we meet
again ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is not
in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Clemens's
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I boa: to ask the consent of
the House to absent myself at this time for a lim-
ited period—three hours, or so. 1 have an engage-
ment of some importance. I am sure that, while
there is no practical good in remaining here, no
gentleman will withhold from me his consent to
leave. I ask it in good faith; and I trust leave of
absence will be granted to me.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illiniois. I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will inform the House
what is the character of his engagement^
Mr. FLORENCE. I will when I return.
Mr. FOSTER. If the gentleman's object is to
visit the sick members of the Pennsylvania dele-
gation, I hope he will be allowed to go. [Much
laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I will say, in all candor,
that it is not for that purpose. I trust sincerely
that my colleague [Mr. White] and myself will
be granted leave of absence for three hours. We
have been very faithful in our attendance here;
and there are reasons why we desire to be absent
now*.
Mr. MORGAN. I wish to know if the gen-
tleman desires leave of absence for the rest of the
session }
The SPEAKER. No; only for three hours.
Mr. FLORENCE. The lequest is made in
good faith; and I trust sincerely that it will be
granted.
The question was taken; and leave of absence
wa«s notgranted toMr. FLORENCEand Mr.White.
Mr. GROW. I presume that, if my colleague
had asked leave of absence four or five weeks ago,
it would have hoen gtanted. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Respect for the House
prompted me to make the request. I can absent
myself if 1 choose, and subject myself to penal-
ties. Eveiy one knows that I am as faithful in
my attendance here as any gentleman upon the
floor. I have made this request in good faith; and
I say again, that I hope the House will extend this
courtesy to me. I do not desire to violate the de-
corum or rules of the House, or to pursue any other
course than that which a gentleman ought to pur-
sue. I ask that this privilege may be extended
to myself and my colleague, for reasons satisfac-
tory to ourselvs.
The SPEA KER. The gentleman renews his
request, he s-ays, in good faith.
Mi. GROW. My colli ague's company is so
desirable that I hope he will not be excused.
Mr. FOSTER 1 should be gratified if the gen-
tleman would inform the House how he proposes
to get out of it without its leave.
Mr. MOORE. My colleague, Mr. Cobb, an-
swered to his name, but the doors were closed
while he was out. I move that he be allowed to
come in.
Mr. COBB, (in the gallery.) I do not want to
come in. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Doorkeeper will pre-
serve ordei in the galleries. [Great laughter.]
Mr. CHAFFEE. If it is in order on this in-
teresting occasion, I would like to bring up the
case of Mr. Wade. He has been a little singular
in his movements of late, and I understand that
about a week since his family became exceedingly
alarmed. About that time he was found in the
vicinity of, and 1 believe at, the Government Asy-
lum, and 1 undeistand that since that time he has
been a little erratic in his movements. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
itip to ask him a question ?
Mr. CHAFFEE. . Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like to know in
whose company my colleague was found at the
Lunatic Asylum ? [Laughter.]
Mr. CHAFFEE. Never mind that. On ac-
count of the gentleman's peculiarities, I think he
ought to be excused.
Mr. GROW. I would like to inquire if any of
these symptoms were noticed before the Medical
Convention met here. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHAFFEE. I was not in the city at the
time the convention met, and therefore do not
know.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, and
announced that, in obedience to the order of the
House, Messrs. Morris of Illinois, Purviance,
Kunkel of Pennsylvania, Stewart of Penn-
sylvania, Wilson, and Cragin, were present
within the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. M orris, of Illinois, you
have been arrested and brought to the bar of the
House, on account of absenting yourself from its
sittings without the permission of the House.
Have you any excuse to offer for that absence ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have not been
absent from the sittings of the House for a single
day. I was here to-day before the hour of eleven
this morning, and remained until between half
past three and four o'clock. But I had important
business in another place, and I had to go to attend
to it. When I left the House, I supposed that it
would adjourn immediately; and I understood
afterwards that it had adjourned. I will remark
further that I returned to the House voluntarily,
and have been waiting some time to get in. I
came back as soon as 1 found that the House had
not adjourned; and now, out of one hundred and
thirty absentees, I have the pleasure of knowing
I am the first at my post.
Mr. GROW. I move that the gentleman be
discharged, on the payment of fees.
Mr. SMITH j of Virginia. I desire the House
to understand that this is a fair case upon which
to make up its judgment. If Mr. Morris is to
be dischaiged, of course there is no use in pro-
ceeding further. The gentleman says he was
absent on business, v\$hen he should have been
in attendance here. The very object of this pro-
ceeding, unpleasant as it is in many respects, is
to secure a quorum in Committee of the Whole;
and, under the circumstances, I simply call the
attention of the House to these facts.
Mr. CLEMENS. In a parliamentary sense, I
cannot see how members can have business any-
where except in this Hall while the House is in
session; and therefore the excuse rendered by the
member from Illinois is, in my opinion, unaccept-
able. If the House discharge him merely on the
payment of his fees, we will fail m accomplishing
the object which I have had m view in this move-
ment, and that is to secure a greater efficiency in
the attendance of members of the House, to exe-
cute the joint resoluiion to adjourn on the 7th of
June next, and to still further carry out the action
of this House m agreeing to meet at eleven o'clock.
Why, sir, it has been apparent to all of us, that
since the resolution has passed for the daily meet-
ings at eleven o'clock, a. m., we have each day
been without a quorum after three o'clock. My
object in taking the part I have done to-day, has
been to secuie the cooperation of my fellow-mem-
bers in the discharge of my duty.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is the question debatable 3
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion is debatable.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that the member be
fined.
The SPEAKER. The payment of fees is the
greatest fine that has been exacted.
Mr. CLEMENS. What are they ?
The SPEAKER. Two dollars.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I thought the mem-
ber was to be discharged unconditionally. I hope
the suggestion of the Chair will be concurred in.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, and
announced, m obedience to the order of the House,
he had within the bar Messrs. Granger, Ready,
Wade, and Palmer.
'Die SPEAKER. Mr. Cragin, you have been
arrested, and brought to the bar of the House,
in consequence of your absenting yourself from
the sittings of the House without us permission.
What reason have you to give for your absence 5
Mr. CRAGIN. A short time after five o'clock
this afternoon, I sent a page to the Clerk's desk,
and he returned me the answer that the House
had agreed to adjourn. Supposing that honor-
able men would remain in the same mind ten
minutes, 1 thought that I would go home and get
my dinner.
Mr. GROW. Is not there a rule of the House
that no persons shall be about the Clerk's'desk
during the call of the yeas and nays.
