2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
Mr. STANTON. Suppose the House should
adjourn now: would the residue of the order of
the House be executed to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider that
question for a moment.
The Sergeant-at- Arms appeared, and announced
that, in obedience to the order of the House,
Messrs. Atkins, Shaw of North Carolina, and
Talbot, were now within the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Talbot, you have been
arrested and brought to the bar of the House for
having absented yourself from its sittings with-
out the permission of the House. What excuse
have you to offer for your absence?
Mr. TALBOT. I have very little excuse to
offer, except that I thought the House was in the
act of adjourning when I left.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that my friend
and colleague be discharged on the payment of
the fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Shaw, of North Car-
olina, what excuse have you to offer for your
absence ?
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I have only
to say that I remained here until five o'clock.
The vote had then been taken on the adjourn-
ment, and I was informed by one of the pages on
the floor that there was a majority in favor of the
adjournment. Being somewhat anxious to get
my dinner, I withdrew before the result of the
vote was announced by the Chair. That is all
the excuse I have to offer.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Inasmuch as
the gentleman from North Carolina has given an
cxcuse that has been approved of by the House
before, 1 will move that he be discharged upon
the payment of ihc fees. [Lauglfter.]
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Atkins, what excuse
have you to render for your absence ?
Mr. ATKINS. Mr. Speaker, I have exactly
the same excuse that was rendered by my friend
from Norih Caiohna, [Mr. Shaw.] I thought
the House was about to adjourn. My excuse is
not quite as good as Ins, as he left a little later
than I did. I left after answering to my name.
I supposed the House would adjourn, as it had
been in session for five or six houis." 1 had also
the sameexcuse which the gentleman from North
Carolina had—an empty stomach. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope the House will ex-
tend the same tender consideration to my col-
league that it has extended to others. [Laughter.]
I move that he be discharged from custody upon
the payment of the fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE. I move that the Doorkeeper
admit my colleague, Mr. Cobb. He was here
during the call, and Ins name is recorded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. He is here at the
door, and can come in if he desires. lie says he
knows his rights.
The Serjeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, and
announced that, in obedience to the order of the
House, Messrs. Borer, and Hughes were now
within the bar.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Botce, of South Cai-
olina, you have boon arrested and brought to the
bar of the House tor absence from its sittings
without its permission. What reason have you
to assign for your absence?
Mr. BOYCE. I thought that I had been re-
markably attentive to the proceedings of the
House, to-day, and,at tht; properhour, I went to
get my dinner. On my return, I found the doors
of the House closed.
Mr. GARNET I\ As a icward to a faithful
servant, I move that the gentleman be discharged
from custody on the payment, of the usual fees.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Hughes, of Indiana,
you have been arrested and brought to tiie bar of
the House for absenting yourself without its per-
mission. What reason have you to assign in ex-
cuse ?
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Speaker, I learned that
the Sergeant-at-Arms was looking after me, arid
I began,at once, to look after him. I found him
before he found me, and, therefore, I hone that
the costs will be assessed in my favoragainst him.
[Laughter ]
Mr. WINSLOW. I propose for the gentleman
the same leniency that was extended to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina. I move that he be
discharged on the payment of costs.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. GROW. Is there not a rule compelling
the closing of the doors until this order is issued ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the j
doorkeepers will not allow a member to retire un-
less on his parole of honor to return, and return
speedily.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that all
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think, now, that
we are punishing ourselves more than those out-
side. It is certain that we do not expect to do any
business here to-night.
Mr. COVODE. 1 suggest that the Sergeant-
at-Arms employ a larger force than he seems to
have in bringing members in.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter within the
discretion of the Sergeant-at-Arms. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms informs the Chair that he has five
deputies.
Mr. HUGHES. If the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania be before the House, I
should like to propose that there be a call for vol-
unteers. [Laughter.]
The Sergeant at-Arms appeared at the bar, and
announced that, in obedifcnce to the order of
the House, Messrs. Abbott, Potter, Kellogg,
English, Taylor of New York, Cockkrhl,
Billingiiurst, Woodson, and Anderson, were
within the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Abbott, of Maine, you
have been arrested and brought to the bar of the
House for absenting yourself from its'sittings
without its permission. What reason do you
assign as an excuse for your absence?
Mr. AIMjOTT. None in the woild,except that
I wanted my dinner, and went to get it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WASH BURN, of Maine. I move that
my colleague he discharged from custody oil the
payment of fees.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Potter, of Wisconsin,
you have been arrested and brought to the bar
of the House for absenting yourself ftorn its sit-
tings without its permission What reason have
you to assign for your absence?
Mr POTTER. 1 went to dinner; and after
dinner, not feeling well, I came back, but found
the doors closed. [Laughter.]
Mr, LE1TER. I move that the gentleman be
discharge d from custody on the payment of fees.
'1 he motion was agieed t<;.
The SPEAKER." Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois,
you have been arrested and brought to the bar of
the House for absenting yourself from its sessions
without permission. You will assign your rea-
son for your absence.
Mr. KELLOGG. The only excuse I have is,
that when it grew tiresome and dull here, I went
into the city to get some dinner.
Mr. POSTER. I move that the gentleman be
discharged from cust >dy on the payment of fees.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agieed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. English, of Indiana,
you have been arrested and brought to the bar of
the House for absenting yourself from its sessions
without its permission. What reason have you
to assign for absence ?
Mr. ENGLISH. I believe that I have a lawful
excuse. I left the House about half past two
o'clock, for the purpose of procuring some in-
formation at the Post Office Department in refer-
ence to business pending before the Committee on
the Post OtKce and Post Roads.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the gentleman
be discharged from custody on the same terms as
others have—by the payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Taylor, of New York,
you have been arrested and brought to the bar of
the House for absenting yourself from its sittings
without its permission. What reason in excuse
have you to assign ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I left the House
at quarter before five o'clock, under the impres-
sion that the vote then being taken on the adjourn-
ment would be decided in the affirmative. I find,
however, that I was mistaken. I have nothing
to offer but this, that I have had a good dinner
and had excellent company on my return here.
Mr. KELSEY. The gentleman seems to be the
victim of misplaced confidence. I move that he
be discharged on the payment of fees. [Laughter.]
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Cockerill, of Ohio,
you have been arrested and brought to the bar of
the House for absenting yourself from its sittings
without its permission. What excuse have you
to make for that absence?
Mr. COCKERILL. Not being willing to fast
longer than eight hours, I went to dinner. I have
no other excuse. I am here now, ready for busi-
ness.
Mr. MOORE. I move that the gentleman be
discharged from custody on the payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Billingiiurst.
Mr. BILLINGHIJRST. For several days past
I have been engaged on the Committee of the Ju-
diciary from ten o'clock till the adjournment of
the House, and have been absent by leave of the
House. To-day, some time after four o'clock,
when the committee adjourned, I went to my
j boarding place and took my dinner; and accident-
i ally hearing that, the Hoo>e was yet in session,
i and that there was a call made, I came immedi-
ately to the House and reported myself to the
Sergeant-at-Arms. That is the only excuse I
have.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. In consideration
! of the extreme diligence of my colleague on the
; Judiciary Committee, 1 would move that he be
' discharged on the payment of fees. [Laughter.]
Mr. BfLLINGHURST. If this includes travel
to the Sergeant-at-Arms, I must take to myself
some credit for coming voluntarily, and reporting
myself. I hope 1 shall not be charged with any
travel fees.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have the
right to appeal to the Speaker, if he objects to the
taxation of costs.
The motion was agreed to.
TheSPEAKER. Mr. Woodson, of Missouri.
Mr. WOODSON. ■! think I have as good an
excuse as any man on earth has. Yesterday, my
wife left me [laughter] to go home, and to-day
I have felt very little like participating m legisla-
tion. 1 hope, therefoie, I will be unanimously
excused.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman will be excused without payment
of foes.
Mr. LEITER. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stewart] is,
in my judgment, under nnest: and he has hardly
aright to make a motion. lie is not in good
standing m court.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman paid his
fees ?
Mr. WOODSON. I have arranged them.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. No one
has a right to raise that point except the Sergcant-
at-Arms.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I move that
the gentleman from Missouri be fined double the
usual fees for permitting his lady to leave.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania by inserting,
on payment of fees.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I accept
the amcndmenr.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. SPINNER. I have heard it suggested that
the Sergeant-at-Arms is in the habit of not col-
lecting "the fees from delinquents. If that is so,
this is a very expensrve amusement for the Gov-
ernment: and I should like to know the fact be-
fore I vote for more lines.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that, wheie the House orders fees t« be paid by
members, the House, of couise, will not be re-
sponsible Tor them.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Anderson, of Missouri.
Mr. ANDERSON. My wife left this evening
