86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
met here, can it be accorded with more unanimity
than it is now awarded to him.
Mr. President, a stranger at this capital natu-
rally seeks, in his earlier walks, a view of the
congressional burying-ground. He finds there
rectangular streets, bordered bymonuments erect-
ed under our authority in honor of those who
have passed away from' life while engaged in this
department of aaniinistiation. All these struc-
tures stand in parallel lines, at uniform distances,
and are built on one model, of one material, and
of exactly equal dimensions. They differ only
in the names and ages inscribed on them. While
the design of these monuments is to manifest pro-
found sensibility, the manner in which it is exe-
cuted awakens a painful suspicion of insincerity,
and even of indifference, to the so frequent visit-
ations of the angel of Death. So a careless ob-
server might imagine that the renewal,to-day, in
honor of the departed Senator from New Hamp-
shire, of ceremonies performed only yesterday m
commemoration of the late eminent Senator from
South Carolina, and to bo followed soon, perhaps
to-morrow, by the renewal of the same tribute to
the just fame of a Senator from Texas, who was
so dearly beloved by us all, is merely an affec-
tation of sorrow. Let it not be so regarded. The
discrimination of the eulogists draws out vividly
the traits which individualize the characters of
their subjects, and present jointly their several
claims to the homage of a grateful country. It
must be remembered, moreover, that although
these official expressions of grief are periodical,
yet they are so only because they are necessarily
distinct responses of dependent men to reiterated
utterances of the voice of the Supreme God. They
are due acknowledgments of submission to the
Divine will, and acceptances of Divine reproofs
and admonitions. Alas ! that there is need of such
frequent reiteration of the rcpioof, in this fearful
manner, of our mutual alienations and aversions.
Alas! that there is always need of the monition,
so impressively conveyed by every death that
occurs among us, " Be ye also ready."
The resolutions were unanimously adopted;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 15, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated (that the business first in
order was the motion of the gentleman fromVer-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] to refer the bill introduced
by him yesterday to the Committee on Agriculture.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
_ Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to have the Journal corrected. I
submitted a motion yesterday to refer the bill
introduced by the gentleman from Vermont to
the Committee on Public Lands. That motion
has not been entered on the Journal.
TheSPEAKEli. It was inadvertently omitted.
The motion will be considered as entertained, and
the Journal will be corrected accordingly.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a copy of a
letter of 30th May last, from the Commissioner
of the United States in China, and of the decree
and regulations which accompanied it, for such
revision thereof as Congi-ess might deem expe-
dient.
The message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting the annual statement showing the
balances standing to the credit of the Interior De-
partment; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER- also laid before the Hou^e the
annual report of the Superintendent of Public
Printing; which was laid upon the table, and
oidered to be printed.
REPORTS PROM COURT OP CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER likewise laid before the House
reports, bills, and adverse reports, from the
Court of Claims numbered from 82 to 148.
The hills were referred, en masse, to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and tne adverse reports were
ordered to be placed upon the Calendar.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
laws of the Territories of Washington and Kan-
sas, and stated that, if no objection was made,
they would be referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair
whether it has been usual for the territorial laws
to be referred to the Committee on Territories? I
do not remember what the practice has been. It
seems to me they should be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GP^OW. I behove that, with few excep-
tions, it has been the usual course to refer the
laws of the Territories to the Committee on Ter-
ritories. At the opening of the last Congress,.the
laws of two Territories were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, but the laws of the other
Territories were referred to the Committee on
Territories.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama submit any motion ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not, sir. All I desire
is that they shall take the usual course.
The laws were then referred to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish t.o inquire
if the Clerk of the last House has made his report
of the contingent expenses of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not in the possession
of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is time it was.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
certain depositions in the contested elections from
Ohio and Nebraska; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC LANDS.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, the pending question being upon Mr.
Letcher's motion to refer to the Committee on
Public Lands tho bill introduced yesterday by
Mr. Morrill, donating public lands to the sev-
eral States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts.
Air. MORRILL. It will be recollected by the
House that the condition of this motion is this:
tellers had been ordered on my motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Agriculture, the vote
had been announced, and then the gentleman from
Virginia called for the yeas and nays. I submit
that, in that stage of the business, the motion of
tho gentleman could not be entertained. But if
it were in order, I submit that the proper course
will be for the House to take the vote first on a
reference to the Committee on Agriculture; and
if that be voted down, ltwill then be time enough
to give it some other reference.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Before the gentleman
proceeds, I ask that the bill may be read.
Mr. MORRILL. I will yield the floor for that
purpose.
The bill was then read.
Mr. MORRILL. It will be seen, by reference
to the rules, that the duties of the Committee on
Agriculture are not defined. It is therefore left
to the discretion of the House as to which of the
committees this bill should be referred; and if
a subject like this, relating as it does particularly
to agriculture, is not a fit subject for that com-
mittee to consider, 1 am very much at a loss to
know what subject would be fit. It will be seen
by the provisions of the bill that it is for the pur-
pose of granting lands to those States and Terri-
tories which shall provide colleges for the benefit
of agriculture and the mechanic arts, where a
liberal education for those engaged in the indus-
trial pursuits and professions of life may be ob-
tained.
Well, now, I have no jealousy of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands; but it seems to me that that !
committee has been, and will be, burdened with a j
sufficient amount of business, and its duties are 1
thus defined in the rules of the House: I
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Public Lands
to take into consideration all such petitions and matters or I
things resugcting the lands of the United States as shall be
presented,"r shall or may come m question, and be re-
ferred to them by the House ; and to report their opinion
thereon, together with such propositions lor relief therein
as to them shall seem expedient."
The bill is not to take charge of the public
lands. It is not to reduce their price. It is not
for the purpose of surveying them in any man-
ner. It is not to grant preemptions. It only
appropriates a,small pittance of the millions of
our public lands; and the only reason that I can
conceive why it would be proper to refer this bill
to the Committee on Public Lands is to ascertain
whether or not we have the lands on hand. But
in regard to that, we have the assurance of the
President in his message that we have millions
of acres.
I do not think, Mr. Speaker, that it would be
any more appropriate to send to the Committee
on Public Lands an invalid pension petition for
bounty lands, than it would be to send this bill to
it. I appeal to the common fairness of the House,
to allow this subject to go to a committee where it
shall not be strangled—to a committee that will be
likely to mature and perfect the bill—a committee
of its friends. Then, if it should not find favor
with the House, it will, of course, be voted down.
We have such a committee, and that committee
has, I am told, a very beautiful room. I hope
■that the House will allow that committee and that
room to be devoted to some useful purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. The only interest I feel in
tho matter is, that these petitions and bills shall
take the proper course at the start. By what author-
rity the gentleman over the way [Mr. Morrill]
announces his desire that this bill shall go to a
committee that will not strangle it, I know not.
I do not know what the purposes of the Committee
on Public Lands are. I do not know whether that
committee is in favor of strangling the bill, or
whether it is in favor of reporting it. I know
nothing about that, and I imagine that it is utterly
impossible, as yet, to ascertain what the views of
that committee may be, until its members shall
have had a meeting, and exchanged sentiments
with one another.
The gentleman says that this bill ought not to
go to the Committee on Public Lands, because he
conceives that propositions relating to the reduc-
tion of price and other matters of that sort alone
legitimately belong to it, and he says that this
proposes nothing of that kind. But what does it
propose ? It proposes to take away a portion of
the public lands, and apply them to a particular
purpose. It seems to me that if any committee
ought to have charge of that subject, and of all
questions connected with the public lands, it is
the committee that is organized and specially
charged with action on that business.
Now, sir, I do think that this bill comes pre-
cisely within the terms of the 84th rule of the
House, which prescribes the duties of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. So it strikes me. There
is no duty prescribed as to the Committee on
Agriculture. But it does not seem to me that
because the duties of the Committee on Agricul-
ture are not prescribed, therefore, they have
charge of lands relating to schools and colleges,
and every other purpose of education to which
they may be applied.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. The previous question has
been called on the resolution, and debate is out
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware that
the previous question has been called.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It has been.
Mr. LETCHER. I am not aware of it.
The SPEAKER. It is not m possession of
the Chair, or of the Clerk.
Mr. MORRILL. I called it at the time I in-
troduced the motion.
The SPEAKER. This morning, or yesterday ?
Mr. MORRILL. Yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in pos-
session of the Chair, or of the Clerk; and tho
Chair would suppose that the previous question is
not called, inasmuch as the gentleman from Ver-
mont has discussed the question himself this
morning.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not desire to occupy
the time of the House about it. I have no par-
ticular interest in the matter, one way or the
other. The only interest I feel in it, as 1 said
before, is, that these bills take the proper refer-
