84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....Ist Sess.
Kansas■—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clark.
Senate.
the majority of the Senate on this side of the
body were out of their seats, not ready to vote,
and the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs moved its postponement on that account.
I was here and ready to vote for it.
Now, sir, there is a certain amount of labor that
men can perform, and there is an amount beyond
that which they cannot perform, injustice to their
own health. If we can sit here six hours in the
day until the fair, legitimate, and proper discus-
sion is ended, I think it is as much as any man, in
justice to himself or his country is called upon to
do. I am willing to meet after to-day at twelve
o'clock and remain here until six. I am will-
ing that the Senate shall to-day or to-morrow fix
that the Senate shall be in session that number of
hours, if you please; anything that those in favor
of this measure desire in order to induce fair dis-
cussion. But, sir, I am unable to see a reason, I
have heard no leason, why this discussion should
now at this day be forced into night sessions. I
have shown that the reasons which have been
urged lay at the door of this side of the House.
We have been adjourning over, so that that does
not constitute a reason. The adjourning over is
our fault, or if gentlemen please, it is theirs, for
I ask no particular favors for having voted against
it. If the friends of this bill, those who are now
urging night sessions to complete its discussion
had been here, they had the power to prevent it;
and therefore, that does not constitute a reason
for undertaking to force night sessions,and night
discussions at this time. 1 submit that if we sit
here six hours ill the day, it is as much as the
subject demands, and it is as much as Senators
can be called upon properly to perform. I agree
most freely that whenever the time arrives that
there shall appear to be a discussion here for the
mere purpose ofconsuining time, the friends of this
measure may then take any course tlicy please,
and I will not object to it. Now I withdiaw my
motion to postpone.
Mr HOLTS'! ON. I desire to remark , with the
permission of the Senator from New Hampshire,
that I have invariably voted against adjourning
from Thursday to Monday; and I voted'in favor
of the motion made a little while ago to adjourn.
I did so on the principle that it is more agreea-
ble to transact business in daylight than at night.
I shall never forget the memorable occasion on
which this subject, with many others, was inaug-
urated on tins' floor, when I was gagged down,
between the hours of three and (iveo'clock 111 the
morning, on the occasion of die repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise. I shall never forget that.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Messrs. 15R0WN and GREEN called for the
yeas and nays, and they were oidered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 1 b', nays 25; as follows:
VB.Vi—Messis'. iii'll, !Si(hleiie!<, ('handlei, Chirk, l)oo-
litlli-. tv.-xriuli-n, I'Vn, I, Hale, ! l.Lti iliti. II ubni.'ilous-
U>u, lunir, Hevvuid, fcUimnons, Stnait, Tinnibtill, anil Wil-
son—18
NAYH—Mrv-r.-i. Allen,Il;iyai<|. Kunjrunin, Mi::.;-', Rmier,
Ilriflht, lit own, CI.IV, rrmcniion, Fitch, <;iei>n, Cm  
mend, Johnson of Aik;tns;n, Johnson ot'Tennos^'o, Jones
Kennedy, Mason, Folk, I'nijli, Sebastian, Slulell, Thomson
of New .leisey, Toombs. ;uid Wn^ht—:'r>.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I am much
obliged to the honontblc Senator frotn Missouri
for the assurance that thw is not to be an cflint
of physical exertion; that, he is not disposed to
crowd tins debate into unseasonable hours. I
have been here in my seat in the Senate since
twelve o'clock, and 1 am not, perhaps, physically
well prepared to go on at great length to-night;
but if the debate is to continue, I am prepared
with the materials) around me to go so far as the
Senate may lie pleased to listen until I get through.
I have rehained from mingling in this debate ear-
lier timn the present time. The question was put
to h'i'j " whether 1 intended to speak 011 the sub-
ject "/hen it was before the Senate in a different
formMy reply was, " that I did at some time,
if convenient, intend to speak; but that I intended
to speak on the subject when it came before the
Senate in a practical form, when there was some-
thing proposed to be done, when the bill to admit j
Kansas with the Lecompton constitution should '
be heie." It is here now; it is before us by a I
leport from the Committee on Territories; and I I
propose to discuss the policy of the admission of
Kansas as a State with the Lecompton constitu-
tion.
Before I go further, I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Missouri, who seems to have the
charge, in some sort, of this debate, whether he
wishes to qualify the language of his report on
the ninth page, where he says:
" Such aie the characters, such are the objects, and the
dangerous results of the opponents of the Lecompton con-
stitution ?"
Mr. GREEN. The only qualification I make
is to be understood from its context. I am speak-
ing of those in Kansas—of course not of honor-
able Senators who oppose it here.
Mr. CLARK. That was the very point I
wanted to note. The language goes that length,
That is the fair interpretation.
Mr. GREEN. Take the context and see.
Mr. CLARK. I take it that every part of the
report means something, and if the Senator had
expressed what he intended by the previous par-
agraph in the report, he would not have added
this clause. He meant something'more. That is
the fair ruleof interpretation. The previous para-
graph was confined to persons in Kansas. This
goes the whole length, and applies to all oppo-
nents of the Lecompton constitution. I wanted
to ask whether the language was not varied in-
tentionally, because I desired to know whether I
stood here charged as a culprit, or whether I stood
here as a Senator on this floor having equal rights
with the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator permit me to
say a word ?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly I will.
Mr. GREEN. The prior part of the report
gives a historical detail drawn from official papers.
That one expression is a deduction of their char-
acter from the historical facts before stated, and
the connection is a necessaiy one. It is confined
to parties in Kansas.
Mr. CLARK. That is a matter of inference
and argument on the part of the Senator from
Missouri. He understood undoubtedly what he
meant by this expression when he put it here.
He knows the force of the language, and that is
the reason why I interrogate lum. I can know
only from the language what he did mean. The
language is broad enough to cover the meaning I
attributed to it; but I presume now the Senator
did not mean it, and he will pardon the sugges-
tion. I am content with the qualification he makes
in regard to myself, but there are numbers of
people from my State in Kansas, and if he intends
to apply it to tliem, it is entirely false and wrong.
^ Mr. GREEN. Do you desire any response to
Mr. CLARK. Just as the Senator pleases.
Mr. GREEN. 1 am not giving an inference as
to what my meaning was. I am stating it, and
state that that itself is an inference drawn from
the facts stated ill the prior part of the report. I
am not qualifying it or taking back one word. I
stand upon the record of the country. I qualify
it not. I believe it to be true; but whether it be
true or not, is a question of fact to be determined
011 the evidence submitted. Having described
these persons, having quoted from Governor
Walker, I then say " such are the characters"—
the characters are given in the facts stated; " such
arc the objects"—the objects they aim at as an-
nounced by Governor Walker, are rebellion and
revolution; " and such are the dangerous results
of the opponents of the Lecompton constitution."
As a matter of course, as I was speaking of those
opponents 111 Kansas, it must necessarily be con-
fined to them.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, it seems to me
that we hav-e so much wholesale denunciation in
this report, and otherwise, in regard to those peo-
ple who oppose the Lecompton constitution, that
it is perfectly legitimate and fair for me to make
the inquiry how far the gentleman meant to go;
and I desire to make the further inquiry of him
whether he means to apply this language to citi-
zens of my State or any portion of them in Kan-
sas who aie there now.
Mr. GREEN. I did not know that there was
a citizen of the Senator's State in Kansas. If so,
he has no business there and ought to go out.
Mr. CLARK. The gentleman understands
what I mean, and I cannot be turned aside. He
must have known that I meant citizens from New
Hampshire who have gone into Kansas, and who
have a right to be there.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; if the Senator means
those who were once citizens of New Hampshire
and are now citizens of Kansas, I say that if Gov-
ernor Walker and Secretary Stanton speak of
them, I speak of them. I speak of those men they
describe.
Mr. CLARK. Then I understand the gentle-
man to have based his whole assertion on what
has been said by Governor Walker and Secretary
Stanton, and he goes no further. I say to him he
is not warranted in making that wholesale asser-
tion in regard to the opponents of the Lecompton
constitution, because Governor Walker does not
say any such thing; he does not name a man, he
does not say that one citizen in Kansas who went
from my State has been guilty of any rebellion or
insurrection, or disorder whatever. Now I tell the
Senator from Missouri there are men, acquaint-
ances, old neighbors of mine in Kansas, men who
have gone from my State—not from the pui-lieus
of the great cities, but honorable, respectable men,
tradesmen, mechanics, men who cultivate the soil.
They are in Kansas now, and are opposing this
constitution, but they are peaceable and orderly
men. If the Senator from Missouri did not know
that these men were in rebellion he ought not to
have made this sweeping charge on the testimony
of anybody. Sir, I am disposed to hold the hon-
orable Senator, so far as I may, responsible for
the truth of the statement he makes in his report.
He presents the evidence here, and we may judge
upon the evidence which he presents; but we can-
not know whether that is the only evidence, or
whether it is a partial statement; and hence, I
ask him whether he proposes to apply that state-
ment to the citizens of my State. I put that
question because I hold, as was said by the gen-
tleman himself, the other day, that men are not
to be condemned by classes; men are to be con-
demned, or upheld, or praised as individuals. I
agree that there is great danger of wrong when
you undertake to condemn men by classes. You
may go into any portion of the country, and you
will find good men of one class, and bad men of
the same class. You may go into almost every
sect of religion, and find good men of that sect,
and bad men of that sect. Why may yon not find
good men in Kansas, I ask the honorable Senator,
opposed to the Lecompton constitution? There
may have been men in that Tenitory who have
been guilty of some indiscretion—I do not say
there have not been, for I do not know, and I do
not admit that there are; but what I mean to say is
that the Senator should not, in this report, make
these charges, because they go out to the country,
they go on to the files of the Senate, they stand
here as part of the country's record, when they
are not supported by the facts.
It is no apology for the gentleman's statement
in regard to these men; it brings no consolation to
them, to have him get up here and state that, if
Governor Walker meant to condemn them, he
means to condemn them; that, if Mr, Stanton
spoke of them, he means to speak of them. Who
are the men that he speaks of? All the opponents
of the Lecompton constitution put in a mass, put
together, and condemned, in Kansas, as he says
now, and as I had some reason to believe.
Now, Mr. President, before I go further, I wish
to ask the Senator from Virginia who last ad-
dressed the Senate, if he will permit me to do so,
a question which may facilitate the debate. I
wish to ask him, on what he grounds the law of
slavery, whether upon the common law or the
law of nations? so that I may be prepared to dis-
cuss definitely and distinctly, point after point,
directly as he makes his positions. I do not wish
to ramble in the debate. I was not quite sure-—if I
had been I should not ask the honorable Senator
—on what law he did ground it; though 1 under-
stood him to ground it upon the common law and
upon the law of the civilized world, that is, the
law of nations; but I did not understand whether
he went any further. If he will inform me that
I am right in my inference, that ho did ground it
on the common law or 011 the law of nations, and
did not go any further, that will answer entirely
my purpose.
