1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
frame a constitution under which they would
live.
This act having no binding authorityof law, it
■was at the option of every man to do just as he
pleased about it. If he went, it was well enough,
if he failed to go, you could not denounce him as
having done anything wrong, because there was
no law compelling' him to go. It was a mere in-
vitation from an irresponsible power to come up
and aid them in doing a certain act. That is all
the shrewdest lawyer can make out of it. So wc
strip you even of the technicality of law, upon
which you seek to deprive the people of Kansas
o/'therjght of self-government. Your technicality
has failed you. It is not even necessary for us to
go back and show your Legislature to be arrant
usurpers and enemies to the great mass of the
people there, as they were. We may, if we see fit,
denounce you as rebels with as much reason as
you have denounced us, because you got together
■without authority of law, and sought to frame a
constitution under which you would live.
The President has said, over arid over again
that this was done by authority of law, that the
people had a perfect right to go and vote, and that
it was their duty to go, and that if they did not
go they were in default. He said it was all fair.
Now, sir, I take no pleasure in saying that the
President at the very time he made this declara-
tion, if he was not blind, deaf, and dumb, must
have known that it was not true. If he had read
thfe communications that were sent to him con-
stantly from that Territory by its Governors and
its other officers, he could not fail to have known
at the time he made this declaration that in one
half of the counties no census was taken or rec-
ord made of the voters, and the law required
that as a condition upon which a man should
vote. No man need rise and tell me here that
that is not so, because I will face him down with
authorities that he cannot overcome. I have the
law that required the registry; I have the law
that required the census to be taken. The ques-
tion is, was it taken ? If it was not taken, why
was it not done? Governor Walker says it was
not taken for no fault of the people there. He
says in some of his letters that it was not taken
in many counties because there was no pay pro-
vided for those who should doit, and they would
not do it for nothing; and m other places the peo-
ple, suspecting that it was all a trick and a fraud,
were reluctant. But that was no excuse. • You
never have taken a census of the United States
where there were notvast numbers of people who
were most strenuously opposed to it; and on in-
quiring, your deputymarshals.asthey go round,
were frequently chased out of the houses by the
women with broomsticks, thinking, probably,
that the object was to levy a tax on them. Would
that be any excuse for not taking a census? You
find one or two men who are reluctant or opposed
to it for any reason. Can the President plant
himself upon a solitary objection like that and say
it was an excuse that the people would not sub-
mit their names to be registered? If a man would
not comply with the law, if he would not give his
name when lie was asked, he would be no gentle-
man, I grant you; but you could not convict him
of any crime for not doing it, and certainly you
could not deprive his neighbor, who was perfectly
willing to give his name, of his rights. You in-
dulge in these generalities; you say that A, B, C,
or D, went into a county, and Tom, Dick, or Harry
said " I will not have my name registered," and
then turn about and say the people can lose their
liberties by a default consequent on such proceed-
ings as these ! Sir, it is arrant nonsense, come
from what source it may.
The fact was, that the people could not vote if
they would; and, in a great many instances, would
not if they could; and I commend them for it. The
experience they had had in that Territory had
shown them already that it was a mere empty
mummery-to vote, for votes did no good. Cin-
cinnati Directories and candle-box returns have
been infinitely more potent than the real votes of
the inhabitants of that Territory. What good
would it do them to vote? You had already taught
them that there was a purpose to be accomplished;
and, if votes would not answer, Cincinnati Direc-
tories, forged returns, anything would be resorted
to; the thing would move on, majority or no ma-
jority.
The American people are supposed to be a
shrewd people. They understand pretty well
Peter Funk auctions. Once in a while, a green-
horn gets taken in; but the great mass of the peo-
ple will not bo taken in by them. But the Pres-
ident of the United States has set up and devised
schemes as shallow, as fraudulent—yea, as infa-
mous as that; and he supposes the people of the
United States are going to b,e defrauded by any
such nefarious means as those. Sir, he will find
they will not work. They would not work in
the days of the Revolution, and much less will
they work now.
Well, sir, a Legislature was elected shortly after
the time these delegates were elected to frame a
constitution. You attempted an outrageous fraud
then in order to carry the Legislature. Your Ox-
ford and Delaware-Crossing frauds were resorted
to. I have the evidence of them all here. Nobody
doubts them. There is not a man here who will
rise and say that it is not the truth that these
fraudswereopen,palpable, notorious, understood
by everybody. Governor Walker investigated
them, and said so. He even went up into one of
the precincts where these frauds were committed,
and found that it was impossible such a vote
could have been cast there. He found the people
amazed that any such pretenses should be made;
and he found that the names of your best men,
whose names were notorious, known all over the
country, were on the voting lists, because they
did not seem to have great facility in inventing
names. They seized upon all the great names
of the country and placed them upon their list.
Governor Walker took the returns of Johnson
county and others. He seemed to ponder over
that subjecta little; and I am sorry that he did. I
am amazed that any man, in any section of the
country, the very moment that he found that such
a gross, insulting fraud had been sought to be
palmed off upon the people, should hesitate an in-
stant to throw it into the face of the scoundrels
who had presented it. He hesitated, and after he
knew how it was, he saw fit to place his rejection
of the return on a technicality, rather than on the
naked deformity—the want of votes. They had
not certified the fraud in technical language, and
therefore he threw it out. I should have thrown
it out for the substantial reason, and thrown your
technicality to the dogs.
How was he met? It was said—I do not know
with what truth, it was in all the papers—that the
fortunes of the Governor and Secretary declined
from the moment they rejected these infamous
frauds. It changed the character of the Legisla-
ture. It gave a vast majority in that Legislature
to the Republicans; whereas, if these frauds were
made ^effectual, they would have made this Le-
gislature just like that which preceded it. It was
a great disappointment, and it is said that some
sections of the country "howled" over it; and
President Buchanan, as they began to howl,
trembled at their howling, and it resulted in the
dismission of both those honest officers from their
trust. Sir, future ages will be amazed at the au-
dacity of the President who would make it a mat-
ter of reproach to one of his officers that he had
failed to give effect to a fraud which should con-
fine a man to the penitentiary for life.
But,sir, the fraud was discovered; nobody could
gainsay it; the free-State legislative ticket waa
triumphant; and now what is to be done ? Your
Lecompton convention quailed and trembled under
that aspect of the case. They went to drumming
up their men,and they hardly got a quorum, be-
cause they saw that the scepter had departed from
this Judah, and it had got into the hands of honest
men. Your Lecomptonites did not like to brave
public opinion, and enact this famous Lecompton
constitution. I believe they never did get a quo-
rum there. The fact is, that every man who had
the least sense of decency or shame about him,
never appeared in the convention at all; but a mi-
nority appeared,.and they conjured up a consti-
tution. We have it here, sir. We have it sent
to us for ratification by the President of the Uni-
ted States; and when he sent it, he was in full
possession of all these nefarious facts. Instead
of sending it to us, he should have trampled it
under his heel as a spurious thing, disgraceful to
all who gave assent to it. They made their con-
stitution, and they provided for submitting a part
of it to the people. How? It is sometimes con-
tended on this floor that it was understood when
this convention met that they were to be clothed
with plenary, sovereign, irrevocable power, to
make just such a government for that people as
they pleased; that their doings, under no circum-
stances, were ever to be submitted to the people.
There is plausibility in that, because you recol-
lect that the act calling the convention was vetoed
by the Governor because itdid not contain a clause
submitting the constitution to the people; but it
was passed over the head of your Governor by a
two-third vote of these patriots. So it was premed-
itated malice. It was deliberated upon; and fraud
was meditated by them. They knew very well,
they could not make a mistake about it, that the
people who hadjust returned a Legislature against
them by more than three to one, would nullify
this beautiful constitution of theirs mighty quick
if it were submitted to them; and hence they were
going tb steal a constitution, and fasten it on the
necks of their fellow-citizens behind their backs,
and against their will. The President has aided
and abetted this fraud.
Now, sir, after the Lecompton convention made
this constitution, even if there had been any le-
gality about it, before it became binding on the
people, the Legislature whom the people had just
chosen took the subject under consideration, and
they sent forth their edict of more than ten to one,
(for they represented more than ten to one of the
•people of the Territory,) that this constitution
should be submitted to the popular vote. But
Mr. Buchanan says," ah! it was a little too late."
Good God, sir! When a man lets judgment go
against him by default, I know of no court that
will not permit him to pay the costs, open the
default, and try the case on its merits; but when
the great cause of human liberty and right, when
the great cause of the American citizen is con-
cerned, when the question is, shall the Ame^fcan
citizen havea voice and a vote as to the constitution
under which he and his posterity are to live, per-
haps forever, ah ! then he is debarred, he has no
power to set it aside ! He is foreclosed just as the
people were foreclosed because they would not go
and vote at your Peter Punk election for a con-
vention.
There was a default 1 Who was to take advan-
tage of their default? That would be a material
inquiry, it strikes me. They were too late, says
President Buchanan. Too late for whom ? Were
they not making a constitution for the people of
the Territory of Kansas? Who had a right to
interfere? Were they to lose their right by laches,
if they committed laches by suffering a default?
To whose benefit was it to inure? What tyrant
is there that is ready, when the people make de-
fault, to claim that meed of liberty which should
have belonged to them? Why, sir, in an adver-
sary suit, I understand that if a man will not take
care of his rights judgment will pass against him;
and, after all the provisions of law have been
complied with, he may forfeit his rights to his ad-
versary; but here there is no adversary. It is the
people themselves asking to make a constitution
for themselves; and President Buchanan and many
Senators here likened it to some adversary suit in
which there is a party that has some right to take
advantage of any want of compliance with the
law. Is this your new-fangled popular sover-
eignty? Who is to take advantage of it? Why,
sir, it is as much a stave State, says the President,
as Georgia or South Carolina. Was it to inure
to their benefit if the people should lose a day in
asserting their rights? Was any other State to
gain what they lost? If there ever was a tissue
of legal nonsense dished up and sent to the Senate
of the United States, it is such a message as the
President has sent here. 1 hate to use harsh terms,
but I have reason for them. If it is new in the
history of this Government, the things I comment
on are new.
The people lose their own rights; they are a
day too late; the tyrant has bestrode their necks;
the constitution is framed; and Mr. Buchanan
says, " ah, you are too late to retrieve your rights;
somebody has got hold of them; I do not know
who, but you have lost them. You ought to have
been on the alert; you have lost a day, and your
liberties are gone forever." Why, sir, even in
the good old Norman days they said the dignity
of a freeman was such that even their highest
courts could not force him to come in tinder ten
days. First, they must go to him and invite him
to come in like a gentleman, tell him what the
business was for which he was wanted, because
