1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
it was beneath the dignity of a free citizen in Eng-
land at that period, to have a summons come in
such a mandatory form that he must obey it in
a moment. It seemed to be a mark of servitude
that our sturdy ancestors would not submit to It
is not so now, however. In one day your liber-
ties may be gone. In one day you may become
a slave and be denied all chance of liberty. Why
do you say these men are rebels and traitors ?
You have had an army of two thousand men in
Kansas and all the paraphernalia of war, for what
purpose ? To compel that people to conduct their
domestic concerns m their own way! [Laughter.]
They would not do it. Did you ever hear of so
perverse a race as there is in that Territory ? Two
thousand soldiers with all the paraphernalia of
war are required to force a people to do just as
they please. [Laughter.] Governor Walker wrote
to the President over, and over again, before he
got the hang of these men. The first persons he
met in the Territory when he got there were those
busy border ruffians, always in communication
with the President, who seem to have mesmer-
ized him and entranced him. The Governor, no
doubt, took letters of introduction to some of the
first border-ruffians in the Territory; and they
seemed to have obtained their knowledge at first
from that source. They wrote ferocious letters
for about a month. Governor Walker, however,
finally took it upon himself to act the missionary.
He thundered forth his proclamation. First, he
told the people he would enforce those border-
ruffian usurped.laws upon them; but he had the
grace to say that when the constitution came to
be acted upon, all of them should have a fair op-
portunity to vote. He said " such are my instruc-
tions from the President, such is my will; and in
that respect you shall not be thwarted" He went
amongst the people; he found them uneasy about
the government which was ruling them. Hewrote
to the President, over and over again, that there
•was reason to fear there would be civil war if ty-
ranny was persisted in, and that the only way he
could pacify them was by assuring them on the
authority of the President that they should have
the right to make their own constitution, in their
own way. He said that was the only pacification
he could offer them, and if he had not done it the
Territory would have been in a blaze of war. He
wrote to the President that he had told the people
of his consultations with the President; he in-
formed them that they had the faith of the Presi-
dent and the Cabinet that the; constitution would
be submitted to them. The people there had had
a little experience of Presidents and Cabinets.
They said to Governor Walker " these are very
fine words of yours; but we have been dealt with
so falsely and perfidiously by our government
that we fear even your good faith cannot protect
us;" but he gave such assurances as ultimately
pacified them.
There must be some secret history connected
with the course of the Administration in reference
to this matter, which it would be exceedingly in-
teresting to have unfolded. The President in his
inaugural had proclaimed in the hearing of the
whole people of the United States that the people
of Kansas should have a free and fair opportunity
to note on their own constitution. He proclaimed
that, as a matter of course, that must be done.
He admits it in his last message. He acknowl-
edges in that message that he made these general
statements; but he says his mind dwelt on the
question of slavery only. Well, sir, I am not a
man who wishes to keep anything back, and I tell
my friends here"who expect to support the people
of Kansas in their course, you cannot blink the
question; it is slavery that the people are opposed
to. I have no doubt they would like to express
their sentiments on every part of the constitution;
but I candidly admit that if there were no slavery
in it, there would not be much contention about
it on the other side of the Chamber, nor on this.
Let not my friends say that it makes no difference
whether there itslavery in it or not, and that the
bare question is on the submission. I agree that
they are right in principle on that. The people
should pass upon anything and everything con-
nected with their welfare touching the constitution
under which they are to live; but nevertheless the
slavery question is the great matter that divides
us.
Mr. BIGGS. Will the Senator from Ohio per-
mit me to make an interrogatory of him at this
point of his remarks ? I feel very much interested
in his speech, and desire to put one question to
him.
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. BIGGS. He has argued about the course
of the President as to the expression of the voice
of the people of Kansas on this constitution. He
has stated, however, that the important question
involved, is the question of slavery. Now I de-'
sire to ask him, and I know he will answer me
with his characteristic frankness: if it was satis-
factorily shown to hi'm that a majority of the peo-
ple of Kansas were in favor of that provision of
the constitution which recognizes, tolerates, and
protects slavery, would he vote for the admission
of Kansas into the Union, or would he vote for
the jtdmission of any State into the Union with a
constitution tolerating, recognizing, or protecting
slavery ?
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, 1 would not do*any
such thing under any circumstances; I never will;
I give you notice of that. I have no idea of spread-
ing slavery into country now free. I do not dis-
cuss the merits or demerits of it. The reason
why I do not discuss them is, that they are noth-
ing to me, so far as my vote goes, and more espe-
cially in this Territory that you have stolen from
freedom against good faith. I know the question
you have put was outside of the record. ' It was
like the opinion of the court in the Dred Scott
case; but 1 am willing to answer it. This Terri-
tory was proclaimed to be free; the best guaran-
tees that the best men in this country could ever
give made it free; and you have undertaken, by
fraud to steal it for slavery. I might rest on that;
but, as you expect some effect to flow from it be-
yond that, 1 give you the full benefitof my views.
But they are my views; do not proclaim them as
anybody else's. I do not know or care about the
views of the Republican party on such questions.
I am very apt to consult my own views of pro-
priety.
Mr. BIGGS. I believe the Senator concurs en-
tirely with the Republican party. In their plat-
form, I believe, they took that position.
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, you may get thatfrom
the platform, not from me. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, there is something extraordi-
nary in the manner in which this constitution was
submitted. Was the like of it ever heard of be-,
fore? I have heard floating rumors that the inge-
nuity of this whole District was invoked to invent
that form of submission; but I do. not know how
the fact was. I do not believe that rude border-
ruffianism had the ingenuity to invent these
meshes of slavery. I fear that the fingers of men
at the other end of the avenue may be tainted
with it. I do ntft know that; but I have shrewd
surmises about it. How was it submitted? I
will ask first, why did you submit it at all? On
the other side of this Chamber you claim that the
convention was under no obligations whatever to
the people; that the convention was supreme;
that it might do as it pleased; that, if it did not
submit it, the people must be content—a doctrino
as much fraught with despotism as anything that
can be found in the eastern world. You say tliat
a set of men called into a convention can, at their
will, frame an instrument by which the wholte
people are to be bound, hand and foot, against
their will. Why, sir, it is an absurdity, in my
judgment, altogether too palpable for argument
in any part of the United States.
If we hold our liberties by such a tenure as
that, they stand on a more fragile basis than I have
supposed. Why, sir, I have always supposed
that everybody understood that when a conven-
tion was framing a constitution, it was merely
making a proposition to the people who were to be
governed by it. They say to the people: " Will
you have this ? We have done our best to make
a constitution which we, as members of this com-
munity, have believed would be acceptable to you.
We propose, therefore, that you look into it, and,
if it meets with your approbation, make it your
constitution." I have always supposed that that
was the meaning of the action of such a conven-
tion ; and certainly is, if American liberty means
anything.
The men assembled at Lecompton dare not pre-
sent their constitution to this body without some '
attempt to cover it up; they must make an at- ;
tempt to submit it. How have they done it ? j
Why, sir, they have contrived, by ingenuity, to I
fet up a scheme whereby the form of voting might
e preserved to the people, and the result be the
same, let them vote as they would. It makes me
think of a man who built a hog-pen up in our
country once, and the rails were so crooked and
winding, that when his hogs got through and
thought they had got out, as they wound along
they came right in again. [Laughter.] So here,
the people were to say "constitution with sla-
very ," or " constitution without slavery.'' If they
said " constitution with slavery," that gave them
slavery up to their ears; it never could be done
away with. If they voted " constitution without
slavery," what would an unsophisticated mail
suppose would come then ? He would suppose he
had got out of the pen; but the fact is, it twisted
him right in where he was before. He had not
gone an inch; slavery was there; it was to be there;
it was to be protected there forever, vote as you
would. And they extorted an oath, before they
put this nefarious fraud to the people, that they
should support it!
Now, sir, whoever devised this scheme had a
more mean and contemptible opinion of the
American people than is consistent with repub-
licanism or Democracy. I do not believe there is
a despot on God's earth that dare deal thus with
his people; and you say they are to be bound by
such a Peter Funk operation as that! Do you
suppose men are to be entrapped and deprived of
their liberties in this way? The only difference
in the result, whether they voted for the constitu-
tion with slavery or without it, was, whether they
would allow the future importation of slaves into
the State, or whether those now there should be
kept in slavery, with their posterity, forever. It
was to be a slave State, and, in the language of
the President, as much a slave State as Georgia
or South Carolina, whether the people voted that
they would have the constitution with slavery, or
whether they said they would have it without
slavery. Is not that a fine aspect to hold up to the
American people, to suppose they are to be gulled
by such a thing as that?
Then they provided, in the schedule, that the
vote should be returned to one John Calhoun,
the president of the convention. I deny, as a
legal proposition, that Calhoun could politically
live one moment after the convention had ex-
pired. All the incidents die with the principal.
He was defunct, and it was not in the power of
the convention to keep him on foot in his official
form one hour after that.
But, passing by that point, we see the shrewd
ingenuity with which it was done. This Calhoun
was empowered, as dictator there, to fix all the
election districts, to appoint the judges, his own
mere creatures and instruments, to make the re-
turns, and they were to make them to him, and,
as it is construed now, to make them either this
year or next year, just as he pleases. They said
the returns should he made to him in eight days
after the election, but he need never exhibit them
at all; and he has proclaimed in this city, to the
honorable Senator from Illinois, who has stated
it on this floor, that unless this constitution be
adopted, he, in his sovereign majesty, never will
make known what was done!
Mr. President, is it not an open, downright
insult offered to the American Senate, to send this
fugitive from justice, armed with this tremendous
power of turning a constitutional majority one
way or the other, just as he sees fit? Will the
liberty-loving people of the United States submit
to this kind of authority and dictation ? Who is
this John C. Calhoun ?
A Senator. He drops the " C."
Mr. WADE. I am glad he does so, for the
honor of his predecessor. Who is he? We know-
nothing about him. The only history of him we
have, is that he has been indignantly driven out
by that people, as a violator of their laws, as a
man so infamous that they would not suffer him
to live there at all, and he has fled to the place
where everything that is anti-republican and
tyrannical seems to fly—he has sought a city of
refuge here, where everything too vile to live at
home seems to find a place. Here we are waiting
on John Calhoun for light as to who shall govern
the Territory of Kansas. [" The State."] Well;
the State of Kansas, when it gets to be a State.
I know the President calls it a State now, and did
it a great while ago. Was ever anything done
like it on this continent before? When before-
