$148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
bar of the House for absenting yourself from its
session without its permission. What excuse
have you to offer for your absence?
Mr. JENKINS. Mr. Speaker, not being fa-
miliar with the proceedings of the House in such
cases, I should rather some other member had
been called first. [Laughter.] I suppose, how-
ever, that the Chair desires to know simply
whether I have or have not a sufficient reason for
absenting- myself. I had a sufficient reason for
myself, but I suppose it would not be sufficient
for the House.
Mr. MOORE. I move that the gentleman be
discharged on the payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I move that when the House ad-
journs it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be en-
tertained. The House is engaged in executing
the order that there be a call of (he House.
Mr. CLAY. Is it in order to move to take up
the business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It is n^t, for the same reason.
Mr. CLAY. Is the motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union in
order?
The SPEAKER. The House is executing an
order that there be a call of the House, and no
motion is in order except to adjourn; and for this
additional reason, that there is no quorum.
Mr. CLAY. Is it in ord^rto call the previous
question on the rail of the House? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The previous question docs
not operute on the call.
Mr. Joiin Cochrine.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I appear before the
House, and on its call, under untoward circum-
stances. 1 had done—at least I so supposed—my
duty dining the day, for I had voted steadily with
the Administration on every measuie that came
up, [laughter,] especially on one favorite meas-
ure, (at least it has always been a favorite meas-
ure of mine,) the motion to adjourn. I had deliv-
ered my last vote, and professed my last principle
for tiie day, and wnsaceompanying valiant men of
war through the door. The wholesome, burly
form of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] who I regret to see is still absent, was m
advance. lie had delivered his battle well: so
had we all. There were other companions with
me; and on wholesome communication we were
ail unanimously of opinion that the House had
adjourned. We supposed thutthey were foolish
virgins whom we left behind,trimming their lamps,
and crying for doctrines and for .signs, when no
more signs were to be given, evidently this day.
I returned to my quarters, and was u taking mine
ease in mine inn,'' when I was sharply arrested
by the rude hand of your lei! Serjeant.
Great, sir, was the shock of that arrest. The
man physiological was astounded; the man psy-
chological was appalled. .Sir, my whole fedetal
constitution trembled ut the touch, ?uid my whole
'* N nine, through all liw woik^,
Gave of woe that ,tll w.i^Io-t."
Sir, I felt then, and I am even now inclined to
think, that [ have a right to arraign the House for
its want of respect to me. Why is it, sir, that
after a nve hours' sitting, a gentleman, a Bepre-
sentative,a patriot, [laughter,] an Administration
man, [laughter,] one who disav ows the spoils and
contemns them, having voted as steadily as 1 did
on every Administration measure, and at last hav-
ing voted religiously to adjourn, in company with
that noble hand of patriots whom I have described
—one who enjoyed himself as I did—why, I say,
is it that all the rights and privileges of such a
one weie stricken down* Why was it that, in
company with an honorable and venerable Sena-
tor fiom New York, whose bitily figure reminded
me of the trencher feats tjiat he and I had just been
perfotming—why was it>|hen, that senatorial dig-
nity was insulted—that a Representative of the
people of a great State was am sled, on such an
occasion, in the open streets of Washington ? and
above al!, why was it 
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of or-
der. The gentleman is expected to answer ques-
tions?, not to ask them.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Sir, I am pursu-
ing the Socratic method. [Great laughter.] I
admit the gentleman's plea, put in on behalf of
the House. I take it, and, sir, with Pickwickian
magnanimity, I extend a measure of pardon to it
Sir, my excuse is this: that in company with
these reliable gentlemen I have described, and im-
pressed with theopinion which I have announced,
—that our votes had determined the question,
and that the House had adjourned—I thought
there was good reason for my leaving the House.
Whether it was excusable in those whom I left
behind me to remain, is a question which it is not
for me to determine; but upon which I entertain
a very decided opinion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I have listened
with great satisfaction to what has fallen from my
distinguished friend from New York. I sympa-
thize with him in the various indignities that have
been heaped upon him; I sympathize with him
when he relates the story of his wrongs; I fancy
now that I see him engaged in that trencher ser-
vice; I fancy now that 1 see him enjoying all that
satisfaction with which a wise man knows so well
how to enjoy good viands and delicious wines.
Sir, I sympathize with the gentleman when I re-
member that, aftiM* all this enjoyment, and when
the probability is that his mind was full of those
glowing images excited by the action of the rosy
god, he should then, whilst in that glorious state,
when in tiiat condition that he felt that he was
" O'er all the iljs of life victonous,"
have been grasped by the rude hand of author-
ity, [much laughter:] that those feelings of his
should have been disturbed; and that he should
have been compelled to descend from that eleva-
tion to this lower woild.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. May I interrupt
the gentleman for one moment? Does he pre-
sume to insinuate that 1 was high? [Great laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CLAY. I rise to a question of order. I
maintain that if, while there is a quorum of the
House here, it is wrong to impute improper mo-
tives to a gentleman, it is much more wrong when
the party is arraigned as a culprit before the
House. [Laughter] I therefore call my honor-
able friend from Louisiana to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana will avoid personalities. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I beg, in the
most humble npint, to apologize to the House if
i have unwittingly indulged in allusions to any
gentleman upon this floor, and above all to my
honorable fliund fiom New Yoik, which an* sup-
posed to have touched him personally. I will
say, however, in exculpation of myst If, that I d id
not for one moment believe that my honorable
friend was low. [Laughter.] I therefore did him
the honor to believe, not that ±ie was " high" in
the sense to which he r-'f-rs, but only that he was
somewhat elevated in a Pickwickian sense. [Re-
newed laughter.] And now, sir, in consideration
of the gentleman's suiierirgs, I do most cordially
endear the House that they will extend to the
honorable jrentleman the favorswhich have been
so mercifully extended to so many of his unfor-
tunate pivdecssors; and I move that he be dis-
charged upon the payment of the foes. [Laugh-
tcr.]'
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is that a frauhh
motion ? [Renewed laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It has been entertained as
such.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Before the mo-
tion is put, I desire, with the consent of the House,
to ask the honoiable member from Louisiana for
some explanation. Pie says that he is not pre-
pared to say that my honorable colleague is loio,
and he repudiates the idea that lie is high—leav-
ing us to infer that my colleague is Jaclc, as the
Sergennf-nt-Arms is to get the game. [Laughter.]
The gentleman has confused the House, and i
should like some explanation.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a personal
explanation. It may b" supposed that 1 am in-
sensible to the many remarks which may be pre-
sumed to have personal allusion to myself, but I
am not—I assure you i um not. ?vly body is not
my own. It U m the possession of the Seigeant-
at-Arms, and I r.ill upo i that officer to see that a
member of this House is not treated disrespect-
fully. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER, stated the question to be on
agreeing to the motion of Mr. Taylor, of Louis-
iana, that Mr. John Cochrane be discharged
from custody, on payment of the fees
Mr. CLAY. I demand the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If that proposition
is divisible, I should like the question on the first
portion of it to be put first. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw the demand for the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and the motion of Mr.
Taylor, of Louisiana, was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at Arms here appeared, and an-
nounced that, in obedience to the order of the
House, Messrs. Burns and Knapp were within
the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Hatch, what reasons
have you to assign for your absence from the
sittings of the House without its permission?
Mr. HATCH. Mr. Speaker, I have no par-
ticular excuse to offer. I stayed in the House
until late in the afternoon—until I thought it prob-
able that the House would soon adjourn. I cer-
tainly thought the time had arrived when it ought
to adjourn, and I left.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I submit whether
that is a sufficient excuse?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that the gentle-
man be discharged from custody, on the payment
of the fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Burns, of Ohio.
Mr. BURNS. I am here, sir.
The SPEAKER. You have been arrested, Mr.
Burns, and brought to the bar of the House for
absenting yourself from the sittings of the House
without its permission. What excuse have you
to offer for so doing?
Mr. BURNS. I went home to get something
to eat, sir. [Laughter.] It is unconstitutional to
starve a man. I was here from eleven o'clock
this morning until five o'clock this afternoon, and
was here when the vote was taken on the adjout n-
ment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. As the excuse
of the gentleman from Ohio' is exceedingly satis-
factory, I move that he be discharged from cus-
tody on payment of fees.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. Burns here resumed bis seat.
Mr. CLAY. I submit whether a prisoner in
charge of the Sergeant-at-Arms has a right to
resume his seat?
The SPEAKER, Ex gratia, the Chair thinks
the gentleman might be allowed to do so. [Laugh-
tei.]
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared, and announced
that, in obedience to the order of the House,
Mr. Groesbeck wds now within the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Iynapp, you have been
arrested and brought to the bar of the House for
absenting yourself from its sittings without per-
mission. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. KNAPP. After remaining m my place
here for about five hours, it occurred to me that
it would be seasonable and suitable for me to step
out for the purpose of taking my usual nnd ordi-
nary refreshment. For that puipose, I hastened
to my quai tors, intending in good faith to return
immediately after accomplishing mv object. I did
so, and on coming here found the doors very un-
expectedly closed. 1 proceeded at once to the
office of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and was by him
informed of the reason of this extraordinary state
of things. It was without any intention to dis-
respect or disregard the proper authority of this
House that I took the liberty thus to absent my-
self, and I am here on duty at the earliest moment
I could return. I feel no disposition to call in
question the authority of the [louse. I go fur-
ther, and say that if, in doing as I have, 1 have
mfnnged upon the letter or spuit of the rules of
the House, I am heartily willing to be forgiven.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. COLFAX. As the House ought to be
forgiving, and as the gentleman was not taking a
nap, I move that he be discharged on the payment
of the fees.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Groesbeck, you have
been arrested and brought to the bar of the House
for absenting yourself from its sittings without
its permission. What reason have you to assign
for your absence ?
Mr GROESBECIv. I do not know that I have
