1124
THfi CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
March 15,
■was a man armed with authority to take the vfates
of the people of a State, bury them up in a candle-
box, if you please, or carry them in his pocket,
not letting anybody be witness of what he has got,
and there hold them in'the face of the whole peo-
ple just as long as he pleases, and, if he pleases,
so forever ? Sir, if you give sanction to frauds
like this, American institutions are on their last
legs, and they ought to be. John Calhoun, sit-
ting in some public house in this city, with the
.destinies of a great State in his pocket, arid he
refusing to exhibit the truth to the Senate of the
United States, to the President of the United
States, to the Houste of Representatives, or to
anybody interested to know anything about it!
Dictator John Calhoun is to say who shall rule
Kansas. A gentleman here said the other day,
" Cotton is king." He was mistaken. Sir, it is
John Calhoun who is king.
But I do not wish to pursue this subject any
further. I am sick of it. The honorable Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Hammond] said he hid
seen enough to satisfy him that these frauds were
sickening and shameful, and he did not want to
investigate them. It is sickening; it is loathing
to the American mind to contemplate these nefa-
rious frauds that are flouted in our faces; and we
have no means to redress them. Sir, we should
scout them from us with indignation; afid I hope,
forthe honorof the American name, that all these
proceedings, so fraught with most palpable and
undeniable fraud, will receive the stern denuncia-
tion of this body.
I omitted to notice one little point that I ought
to have mentioned, and that was the disagreement
between gentlemen on this iloor as to what should
be done with a constitution formed m this way.
The Senator from Louisiana did not tell us what
he would do in a matter of this kind. It was a
rough spot for him. I believe he did not intimate
whether he thought, if there was a majority in
favor of this constitution, we ought to reject it, or
not. I believe his speech is barl-en on that sub-
ject. The Senator from South Carolina, finding
himself pressed to the wall, came to the conclu-
sion that, in framing constitutions, a minority
ought to rule. That was a new discovery! Mi-
norities should rule, because you have not got a
majority! He spoke that which seems to be acted
out by many others.
Now, we are told, as a kind of salvo, by the
President of the United States,after he has con-
signed us, soul and body, to the South and to
slavery,thatthisconstitution can be changed. He
seems not to have a single idea of the North; he
has forgotten that there is a North; and yet he
turns around in his message, and finally says to
tts two or three times over, that the best way is
toadmitKansasinto theUnion as aStato,becausfc
they can iluin make a free State so much quicker
than they could if you referred the whole matter
back to them. Was there any sincerity in that?
Is there any southern gentleman on this floor who
is going to contend that this constitution shall be
crowded down the throats of that people because
then they can, with greater speed and facility,
make Kansas a free State ? Is that it? Was that
view of it designed for the other side, or was it to
cheat us? Itwasnotdesignedforboth, everybody
knows, and nobody will vote for it with that
view. i
The President, however, has said that the peo-
ple can alter their constitution when they please.
That point has been so ably argued by other gen-
tlemen that I am not going to enter into it elabo-
rately. I will ask southern gentlemen, are you
willing to yield to that doctrine ? If the consti-
tution prescribes the mode and manner of its
' amendment, can you, without revolution, go across
roads, run counter to it, and amend it m a differ-
ent manner froth that pointed outin it? Southern
gentlemen have an equal representation on this
iloor, gentlemen of the small States on this floor
compete with the largest; but if a bare majority
can alter constitutions at our will, how Ion" will
■we submit to be outvoted by mere minorities'who,
in this body govern, so far as they can govern,
the people of the United Slates? It was a com-
pact made, it was part and parcel of the Consti-
tution of the United States; itcannotbe abrogated
without revolution, and he who should attempt it
would be a rebel; and yet your Chief Magistrate
is preaching up to us such doctrines as these, and
telling the people that although your fundamental
k-vfr prescribes the mode of its amendment, all such
restrictions are void, and a bare majority can rule.
He says these limitations in the constitution are
no more than limitations upon a municipal corpo-
ration; a majority can alter it at their will.
Sir, the doctrine is as new as it is revolutionary
and dangerous. Other gentlemen have hinted that
this could' be done. My colleague [Mr. Ptjgh]
upon this floor has presented an amendment,
which contemplates that we can help a people to
make their own constitution—that we may say
they shall construe it for themselves. I know
very well that my honorable colleague did not in-
tend to deceive anybody when he offered this
amendrrfent; but 1 know that if it be adopted, its
only effect will be to deceive thousands of unso-
phisticated men who are not lawyers. Will State-
rights men on this floor contend that we can mod-
ify a constitution for the people of a State ? You
who have repudiated the old Jefferson proviso;
many of you who claim even that a State of this
Union may secede at will, do you hold that you
may force a State into the Union against her will
on just such conditions as you please ? Sir, such
doctrines as these will hardly answer with the
American people. You can no more force a people
into this. Union against their will, with a consti-
tution which they repudiate, than you can force
them out of the Union against their will; nor any
more than they can secede of their own will.
Both attempts are revolutionary, having no war-
rant in the Constitution; and I am amazed that a
man of the age of the President of the United
States, a man of the conservative ideas that he has
been supposed to entertain, should have put forth
a doctrine that would root up and overturn at the
mere will of the majority, not only the Constitu-
tion of the United States, but every constitution
in the States of the Union.
There is one other idea that has been constantly
put forth here by many gentlemen who are at-
tempting to justify the admission of this Terri-
tory into the Union under the Lecompton consti-
tution. They say that other States have been
admitted without an enabling act. Sir, all that is
said on this subject I will not say is mere soph-
istry; but it ought to deceive nobody. Perhaps
more than half the new States have come into the
Union without any enabling act. I do not think
that such an act is at all essential. Here are a
people all homogeneous, all having the same in-
terests, having no matter of contention between
them; they could get together, and, without any
dissent, frame a constitution, and ask us to admit
them under it. The evidence must be such, al-
ways has been such in every instance, that there
has been no reason to doubt that the constitution
had the approbation of the whole people, or of a
vast majority. Why do you require a popular
vote on that point? Because, when there is dis-
pute, it is the only means of ascertaining where
the majority is; but if there is no dispute you can
have that evidence in another way, and it is just
as legitimate. Whathas that to do as aprecedent
with a case where civil war even is raging in re-
gard to the constitution that is presented; where
strife, contention, and arms are invoked to settle
the controversy ? You are likening that to a peace-
ful gathering of homogeneous people, all agreed
to fix their institutions in their own way. Sir,
there is no parallel. One throws no light on the
other. The people of Kansas, in three days,
can settle this matter, if you will let them. You
are convulsing the whole nation by the attempt
to force a constitution on the unwilling necks of
a people, which they abhor and detest. With-
draw your force, withdraw your coercion, say to
that people," assemble yourselves together peace-
fully, and determine what constitution you choose
to live under;" and my word for it, sir, the hour
you do so, peace and tranquillity will reign
throughout the whole of Kansas. Every man
knows it.
This contention is kept up for no other reason
than to hang on the necks of that people this pet
institution of slavery. In one hour you can make
peace. Adopt the other course, and God only
knows to what it will lead. Uo not know what
may be the result now; but it nas never yet been
found that by external interference, by force, or
by fraud, you could coerce any set of American !
people to submit to a government they abhorred i
anddetested.- If they do it now, it will only mark j
the degenjracy of thisage and of this people, and |
show that We are verging toward slavery and
despotism. In my judgment, it is as necessary
for us to rebuke and overthrow the frauds to which
I have alluded as anything else we possibly can
do. If there is anything more dangerous to this
Union than another, it is the immunity that is
given to fraud, allowing your ballot-box to be in-
vaded. Why, sir, the hour your ballot-box is
undermined to that degree that American people
shall nothave confidence init,from that very hour
you render free government-impossible. Will you
encourage it, will you foster these infamous at-
tempts to undermine and overthrow the institu-
tions of this country, and render representative
democracy utterly impossible ?
Sir, I am a member, and I am proud of it, of the
great Republican party. It is no sectional party.
It is accused of all manner of sins; but it is organ-
ized upon the broadest equity—to give every man
his rights, and invade no man's rights. Itintends
to render impartial justice to every section of this
nation; it invokes the aid of good men from all
sections and from all parties,wholoathe the frauds
which have beset'the old parties. It is the only
hope of those who see the Government, in the
hands of the old parties, now running waste and
suffering shipwreck. This great party was not
organized by any man, any more than the Whig
party was overthrown by the interposition of any
man. The Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Ken-
nedy,] the other day, supposed that the old Whig
party was entirely obliterated and overthrown
by the Senator from'N'ew York, (Mr. Seward.]
Well, sir, I admit his power; I admit his ability;
I admit his worthiness to mold parties for good,
and they would be as safe in his hands as in the
hands of anybody; but he has not the power, and
there neverftvas a man armed with power to put
down or put up a great party, like the old Whig
party, or to substitute in its place the Republican
party. The great Republican party has grown
out of your abuses. Your old friends have dis-
trusted you. They could not follow the corrupt
lead of their old partisans longer; and, as if ani-
mated by a single voice and by one soul, they
have come up in order to correct these evils. It
is not the work of any man. There is no man so
high as to say; " I have organized the Republican
party." No set of men can say that they have
done it. This great party is yet in its infancy.
It looked your old organizations, two years ago,
in the second year of its age, sternly in the face,
and contended forthehighest honor ofthis nation.
Those corrupt means, that led to her organiza-
tion, are as rife now as they were when she was
organized. Her principles are just.
I would not speak of a party in this high tribu-
nal, were it not that we are constantly maligned
with the idea that we belong to a sectional party.
I deny it. The mission of this great party is to
overthrow fraud; to reinstate the Government on
her old glorious republican foundation; to admin-
ister it as the fathers administered it. With that
view, she plants her feet firmly on the Declara-
tion of Independence. She takes the Constitution
of the United States in the one hand, and the
union of the States and the rights of the States in
the other; and she intends, with those banners
flying, to march directly on until she has correeted
these abuses, and brought back the ship of State
to her good old moorings.
A struggle was continued until five minutes
past six o'clock on Tuesday moraine:, the night
having been consumed by innumerable motions
to postpone and to adjourn, on which the yeas and
nays were taken. An occasional speech diversi-
fied the scene. The majority at length yielded,
and the Senate adjourned. The residue of this
day's proceedings will be published in the Ap-
pendix.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 15, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Praver
by Rev. C. H. Hall. *■
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be a motion submitted on Monday
last, by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Eng-
lish,] to suspend the rules to enable him to in-
troduce a bill providing for erecting a building in
the city of New Albany, in the State of Indiana,
for a post office and custom-house.
