1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
CALL' OF THE STATES.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask the consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the States be called, be;innin? where the
Sneaker loft off; and that upon such call member,-, may m-
tioduce bills for reference only, of which pieviou.s notice
lias been given, and resolutions for reference, to which no
objection shall be made; and that Baid bills shall not be
brought before the House, by motions to reconsider.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill of the following title:
"An act (H. R- No. 8) for the relief of John
Hamilton;" when the Speaker signed the same.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. ENGLISH. I propose to withdraw the
motion now pending, believing that I can accom-
plish the object I had in view in making it in all-
other and bpttcr way. I withdraw the motion,
and in lieu thereof I submit the. following resolu-
tions. ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What would be
the reeular order of business?
The'SPEAKER. The call of the States for
resolutions.
Mr. DO WDELL. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask to have my resolutions
reported.
The resolutions were reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Tieasury be re-
quested to infoim this House the amount of tolls collected
on the Louisvilleand Portland canal sinco the United States
became the owner of a controlling interest m the stock of
said company, and what di&position has been made of the
money so received from tolls; and it any portion thereof
has been u^ed for the purpose of enlarging ?aid canal, that
he inform this House how mueh^and under what law or
/ authority the same has been expended. Also, that he in-
form the Tlou^e the nature and extent of the mteiest oMno
United States m t-iud canal; and whether ho hits any m-
foimation that the parties m chaise of the -nine ltuvo ;tp- ,
propriated. ol piopose to appropnate, the income of t-aid ;
canal, or the fund^ on hand belonging to the United State-s,
without the concurrence of Congre&s; and it so, under what
law and by what authouty. >
And resolved, further, That the Committee on Roads and ,
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency ol pio- ,
vidnv for a reduction of the toll?, upon the Loui-ville and ;
Portland canal; and also to inquire what turther lega-
tion, if any, is necessary to secure the interest of the United
States in said canai.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move a suspension of the
rules. t
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object,
because I 
Mr. ENGLISH. Debate is not in order. I
want to debate the resolutions myself, if debate is
to be allowed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. So do I.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask for
tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edie and
Hawktvs were appointed.
Mr. ENGLISH. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 think if the resolutions be
again read, the gentleman from Kentucky will
withdraw his objection to them.
The resolutions were again read.
Mr. ENGLISH. If the rules be suspended, I
do not propose to discuss the resolutions. I will
call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in ,
the affirmative—yeas 147, nays 42; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrian, Aid, Andrews, Atkin«,
Avery, Bark^dale, Btlhnghur^t, Bingham, tfi^bop, Blast, :
Bh^>, Bocoek, Bunhani, Boyce, Bianoh, Biayion. Bijan, j
Buffinton, Burhngame, Burnett. Campbell, Caskie, Chaflee.
Chapman, Joint B. Clark, Claw*on, Clay, Clemen*. Clrsg-
man, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax, (Cumins, Corning. Co- ,
vode, Cox, James Craig. Crawford, Oimy, Cnrtw, Damiell, ■
DavidbOn,Dc"ivis of Indiana, Davis of Mar-saelmMitT^ Dawes i
Dean, Dininnek, Dodd, JDowdell, Duifee, Edmund *ou, ]
Eivli^h, Faulknei. t-Murcncc. Foley, Foster, Gamett, Gar- '
trefi Oilman, Goode, Goodwin. Gieemvood. Gregg, Gioes- i
becK, Lawrence YV. Hall, llobeit B. Hall. Thomas L. liar- i
ns, Hawkins, Hoard. Hopkins, Iloiton, lIou>t<m,Howaid,
Iluirhes, Jackson, Jenkn.s, Jewett, George W. Jones, J«
Ghnioy Jones, Owen Jones, Kilgore, Jacob M. kunkel,
Lanuu, f.eulv. U-itor, Letcher, Maciay, MeQ.ueen, Sam-
uel 5 "UatMiatf, "\Iili-!. Milton, Mo'itsomeiy. Mooie, Moi- ,
gan. iSIornll, K:1 ward Joy Miuib, Kir^man II. Morse. Mott, _
NibMck, NichoJ-', Oim, l\i«ker. i emlleton. I ettit, Ihelps ,
Phillips, 1'ike. Poi'k', BoweiU (lanman, heagan, Ueilly, ,
Saiuhdge, ^tva--, ^eoit. hoaniri. Ai>ron .
Shaw. Henry M. Shaw, Sliortci. Robcit snutli. ftaiauet a,
Smith, Rpinnrr, Sianton, Stophens, Stevenson, .James A
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Bennett, Burroughs, Ezra
Cldrk, Cr.igm, Davit, of Mai viand, Davis ol' Iowa, Dielc,
Eclio, Guldings, Gilmer, Grander, Harlan, Hill, Kelloug,
Kelsey, Knapp, Lovejov, Humphrey Mar-lulU. Maynard,
Millci, Murray,Peyton, Potter, I'umunce, Ric.iud, IUu-hio,
Roberts, Royce, ttuffin, Sewaul, John Sherman, .indson
W. Slieiman, William Smith, William Stewart, rappan,
Underwood, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Lihliu B. " ash-
burne, Wilson, Woodson, and Augustus it. Wright 1«.
So the rules were suspended (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
Pending the above rail,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that his col-
leagues, Messrs. Kelly and Fenton had paired
Mr. FLORENCE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Landy, was detained at home by indisposi-
tion m his familv.
The result of the vote having been announced,
Mr. ENGLISH moved the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman from Indiana will withdraw the call
for the previous question, to allow me ten minutes
in which to submit an explanation to the House.
Mr. ENGLISH. I should like to accommo-
date the gentleman; but if he submits any remarks
I shall feel myself under a necessity of submitting
some in reply, and therefore I must insist on my
call for the previous question. i
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then I |
trust that the call for the previous question will ;
be voted down. !
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. j
The House divided; and there were—ayes 66, j
noes 88.
Mr. ENGLISH demanded tellers. I
Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. Billing- ■
iiurst and Br.yan were appointed. j
The House divided-, and the tellers reported-
ayes fiftv-five.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 do not ask for a further J
count. i
The SPEAKER. Then the House refuses to j
sustain the call for the previous question. j
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Speaker, about the year
1825, the Legislature of the State of Kentucky in-
corporated a company for the purpose of con-
structing a canal ai ound the falls of the Onio river,
on the Kentucky side. The Government of the
United States became a subscriber to the stock of ,
that company to the amount of about two hundred ,
and forty thousand dollars. The canal v/ascoiti- ;
pleted about the year 1830; and since that time the i
dividends which have been declared on tne stock ;
belonging to the Government of the United States i
have gone to the credit of the United States. They j
have amounted to such a sum as not only to reirn- i
burse theTreasury for the ^\!40,0ui> winch the Uni- :
ted States t nv ested it. the stork of sa id c ompaiiy ,but
to such an amount t<s to enable the Government,
out of these extia dividends, to purchase the en- ! j
tire stock m that company owned by private ill- ;]
dividuals. The original stock only amounted to !
ft] ,000,000, and yet there has been exacted from
the commerce of that liver more than ^3,000,000 j
in the shape of tolls. W^e iinJ, on examination (
of the record, that in the year 1855, the Govern- |
ment of the United States became the owner of ]
all the stock excepting a mere nominal interest; j
and that for several years ptevious to that time, j
the tollsreceived exceeded the expenditures some- i
thing like the sum of one hundred and fifty thou- :
sancf dollars per annum; and if I am not mistaken, ,
the average toll received per annum since the com- i
pletion of the canal, is about the sum of one hun-
dred thousand dollars. The Government, when ;
it purchased the stock owned by private individ- .
uals, not only paid par value for it, but in some i
instances paid as much as three dollars for one j
dollar of stock. The United States has virtually !
owned this entire canal for the last three or lour :
years; and, sir, the object which 1 have in view in ,
introducing these resolutions, it, to ascertain w at i
has becume of the hundreds of tnousailds of dol-
lars collected since that time from the boatmen on 1(
that river by tins canal company, and winch, so ,j
far as I am advised, have not gone into the Irons- ,
urv of the United States, where it belongs On j
the contrary, I understand that this canal com- ,
pany not only claim to collect tohs on that canal, n
but to oppropriaie it to such uses as they maj u
deem expedient, wkhoutcpnsultiDg.theCon^eiws.,
of the United States. , (
I find, sir, that the Legislature of the St^te;tff -
Kentucky has actually passed <m act authorizing-
the construction of anew canal, as abrarfch of the
old one, out of the canal revenues accrued and to"
accrue, which ought to and do belong to "the Gpv-
ernment of the "United States. Here is the atft:
An act to amend the charter of the Louisville and l^brtla^d
Canal Company. ■ .
Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the Common*
wealth of Kentucky, That the charter of the Louisville and
Portland Canal Company be so amended as to authorize
said company to construct with the revenues and on the
credit of the corporation, a branch canal sufficient to pass
the largest class of steam vessels navigating the Ohio river;
and the said company are hereby vested with ail the potter
and authority to acquire and hold tlie necessary lands for
said bianch, and to construct the same, vested by the charter
and amendments for the construction of the original canal i
and all the provisions of the original charter and amend-
ments shall be and are hereby made as applicable to the
branch as to the original canal. ,
I desire now to call the attention of the House
to a statement of Mr. E.Lockhart, superintendent
of the canal. He says, alluding to the law I have
just quoted:
"The board, thus clothed with full authority to go Qn
with the woi k, intend to commence the construction of the
branch canal this spring. They have provided themselves
with a plan of the new locks, and are only awaiting good
weather to make a beginning. The charter authorizes them
to borrow money on the credit of the company to the exteat
of >.1,0Q0,f'00. The navigation of the canal through tlie
present look>\vill not be in the least interrupted by the con-
struction of tlie branch. The money now in the trea&uty of
the co/npamj, with th£ accruing toUst will first be used, and
when exbaWted, a loaa will probably bo resorted to, and
tlie work will bo earned on to completion aa speedily as
iKxsibie. Tlie work will probably cost $500,000, and frill
reciuire two years for its completion, in which time -the
tolls will pmi about tu o hundred tlwwand dollars, requiring
$300,000 to be raised by loan, winch can easily be done on
tlie credit of tlie company." V
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is the state of the case.
TheUnitcd Stales has been reimbursed the amount
of money which she originally subscribed to the
stock of "this company, and the toll collected upon
the canal, over and above what was required for
that purpose, has been sufficient to sink the entire
amount of stock owned by individuals, so that
virtually the Government of the United States is
this day the owner of the entire stock, and has
been so for many years, and yet we have no ac-
count of what has been done with the tolls which
have been levied upon the boatmen and the com-
merce of that river, and now the fact is disclosed
by the superintendent, and by the action of the
Kentucky Legislature, that it is actually proposed'
to take tha accrued tolls, and the tolls hereafter to
be collected, and which belongto the United States,
and dispose of the same without the assent of Con-
gress. HoXv many private fortunes are to be made
out of it remains to be developed. Mr. Speaker,
I maintain that we have no satisfactory account
of what has been done with the revenues since the
United States Government has become the owner
of the stock, and the object of these resolutions, m
part, is to call upon the Secretary of theTreasury,
j upon whom this subject has been devolved, to giva
us the information in his possession, in regard to
| it I propose, also, that the Committee on Roads
and Canals inquire into the expediency of rcdu-
cino- the tolls to such a sum as will be sufficient
merely to keep the canal in repair and pay the
expenses of the same. My objectis to relieve the
commerce of the Ohio river from the onerous tax
now imposed upon it by that canal, and to gel at
all the facts so that the House may act mtelli-
gently upon the subject. I say there is
unfair in the proposition, and I think it should be
adopted without a dissenting voice. When the
Secretary of the Treasury makes his response it
will be proper to refer it to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, that they may inquire into the
whole subject. If it shall turn out that there should
be legislation in regard to it, that committee will
repot t the fact, and the House will take action
accordingly. „ , , -
Mr. MA RSH ALL, ofKentueky. I do notknow
but that the gentleman from Indiana has himselt
made about the speech I could have desired, m
explanation of the affairs of the Louisvrife and
Portland Canal Com pany;.but he has made some
very wide inaccuracics, which are extraordinary,
comma', as they do, from a gentleman directly
from the locality of the canai. I agree with the
p-entlemaii that, about the year lc24 or 18-5, the
'legislature of Kentucky chartered a company to
construct a canal around the falls of the Ohio. Tho
