2150
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
not merit more serious consideration than the
House is apparently about to give it. In my judg-
ment, the excuse of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is much too good; and I therefore move that
in place of paying the fees, he shall pay a fine of
#5,000; and on that motion I ask the yeas and
nays. [Laughter.] If any gentleman is willing
to suggest a larger sum, I will accept it. I pause
for a reply.
A Member. Say $10,000.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I accept that mod-
ification; and ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COLFAX. What does the gentleman in-
tend to do with the money?
Mr. GREENWOOD. Payit on the New York
fire bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Bestow it on the
contingent fund.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose these
motions will ail be entered on the Journal, and
read to the House to-morrow morning. If they
are not, I shall move to correct the Journal.
The SPEAKER. All the motions that are voted
on will be entered on the Journal; but the Chair
thinks that the motion of the gentleman from New
York is not in order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I acquiesce in the
decision of the Chair.
The motion of Mr. Taylor, of Louisiana, was
then agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Farnsworth, what
excuse have you to offer for absenting yourself
from the sittings of the House without its permis-
sion ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was in the House
from eleven o'clock until five, when I went to my
boarding-house—a few steps off—to my tea. I
supposed the House would adjourn in a very few
minutes. The Committee of the Whole had re-
ported to the House that there was no quorum
present. I took my supper, and had no knowl-
edge that this proceeding was going on until a few
minutes ago, when I came over voluntarily, and
meeting the Sergeant-at-Arms, found myself re-
ported to the House as an absentee, and as under
arrest.
Mr. GROW. I have a word to say in reply to
a remark which fell from the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Hughes.] He said that he thought
this call was useless. I think that it is not use-
less, and those who ordered it thought so, for the
reason that almost every day the Committee of
the Whole finds itself without a quorum at three
or half past three o'clock, when we have over
three hundred bills upon the Private Calendar,
and when it is utterly impossible that we can do
the business which this Congress ought to do be-
fore the 7th of June, the day fixed by resolution
for adjournment, unless members enough remain
here to make a quorum later than three o'clock in
the afternoon. 1 now move that the gentleman
from Illinois be discharged from custody on the
payment of the fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Fi.yrov, what excune
have you to offer for your absence from the sittings
of the House without leave >
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Speaker, I am generally
present during the sittings of the House; and I
was present to-day from eleven o'clock until some
time after four o'clock. Feeling quite unwell, I
then retired from the House, and remained in my
room until a short tune since, when 1 returned to
the Hall without any knowledge that there was a
call of the House. I have no further excuse to
offer.
Mr. GROW. I move that the gentleman he
discharged from custody on payment of the fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Gilmer, what excuse
have you to render for your absence '
Mr'. GILMEIl. I regret very much if my ab-
sence has operated to retard the business of the
House; but my excuse is, that I remained here a
long time, having no business ui behalf of my own
constituents, who have no claims, and I believe
never did have any,, against the Government.
Being a more industrious man than most of our
fellow-members, I worked so hard up to half past
four o'clock that I got fatigued; and, as I saw a
great many of my friends down with the same
complaint, and stretched upon sofas, 1 went home
to get my dinner. In addition to that, a very ven-
erable gentleman from my district is here; and
inasmuch as I found that my friends who have
business to attend to for their constituents were
not disposed to attend to it, I thought I should be
justified in tendering to that gentleman the civil-
ities usually tendered to our constituents who
visit the capital. I was in my own room, behav-
ing myself peacefully and calmly, until I was sent
for. I would have come at any moment; but I
had no idea that my handsome presence was re-
quired by anybody in the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN., of Maine. In considera-
tion of the mitigating circumstances attending the
case of my friend from North Carolina, who was
very much fatigued with doing nothing, I move
that he be discharged on payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, through the Chair, whether he
has been at the White House. It is a fact that
the country ought to know, whether members are
there and refuse to come in under the order of the
House.
Mr. HUGHES. I object to this. Let the Ser-
geant-at-Arms make his return to the House.
The SPEAKER. That is the formal way.
Mr. MORGAN. Withdraw the objection.
Mr. HUGHES. No, sir; I object to semi-
official assaults upon men who are not permitted
to defend themselves upon this floor.
Mr. JEWETT. I do not profess to be much
acquainted with the usages of the House, but I
learn, for the first time, that it is not regarded as
a good excuse that a member was dining with the
President.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to know whether
a messenger is left waiting the convenience of
members at the White House.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
The SPEAKER. Mr. McKtbbin, of Califor-
nia, you have been arrested and brought to the
bar of the House for absenting yourself from
its sittings without its permission. What reason
have you to a^3isn for your absence?
Mr. McKIBBIN. It was impossible for roe
to he here before four or fiveo'clock, which is the
usual hour of adjournment, and I did not come
here then, thinking that an adjournment would be
effected. I was not aware that the House was in
session until summoned by the deputy Sergeant-
at-Arms*. I responded to'his call immediately.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Illinois. I move that
the gentleman be discharged from custody on the
payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, and
announced that, m obedience to the order of the
House, Mr. Pottle was within the bar.
The SPEAK MR. Mr. Pottli;, of New York,
you have been arrested and brought to the bar of
the House for absenting yourself from its sittings
without its permission. ' What excuse have you
to offer>
Mr. POTTLE. [ was arrested m my seat just
this moment. Is it an offense for a member to be
in his .seat ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is put down
as an absentee.
Mr. POTTLE. I have no doubt that T was
absent at the call of the House; but, sir, I came
to the House, and came through the door us usual,
i No question was asked, and i of course answered
| none.
i So far as an excuse for absence is concerned,I
; will say i hat lcatno here this morning at the usual
j hour, and remained until four o'clock,
j Mr READY. I think the arrest was an ille-
I gal one, and I move to quash it.
| Mr. COX. Hns a return been made by the
i Sergeant-at-Arms:
| Mr. POTTLE, I have no doubt that I was
1 absent when the call commenced, and I do not
j seek to avoid anything here by a quibble. I was
allowed to come m, I presume the Doorkeeper
| mistaking me for one of the members who had
; gone out for refreshment. I think that no blame
J can attach to him. If there was any fault it was
! my own, in not informing him that I was one of
; the absentees. I desire to say that I came here
( at eleven oVJock this morning and remained until
j after four o'clock,when I left, suffering with head-
ache that rendered me incapable of doing any busi-
• ness here. I went to my room, laid down upon
[ my sofa, and remained there until a gentleman
' with whom I had made a casual acquaintance
called, and I took a walk out with him. We mot
several members and I asked whether the House
had adjourned; I was told by Judge Crawford
that he did not know. I came to the Capitol, and
when upon the steps I learned from a gentleman
just leaving, that there was a call of the House,
and that he had answered to his name. I am
here ready to hear the penalty whatever it may
be.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the gentleman
be discharged from custody on the payment of
fees.
Mr. HOARD. I think the gentleman stated
that his absence was caused by indisposition; and
I move, therefore, that he be discharged uncon-
ditionally.
Mr. POTTLE. I wish to say that I do not
care about this matter one way or other. I am
willing to compare my record with that of any
member. If I have not kept my seat as faithfully
as my fellow-members, I am willing to pay a
double fine.
Mr. GOOCH. Can a member be arrested in
his seat?
The SPEAKER. If he gets there improperly
he can. It was a violation of the order of the
House for the gentleman to come in after the
doors were closed.
The question was taken on Mr. Hoard's mo-
tion; and it was disagreed to.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Bintgham; and it was agieed to.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move that the House ad-
journ.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to ask the Chair
whether it will not be in order to move, that when
this House adjourns, if all the absent members
shall not have been brought in at that time, all
further proceedings under this call shall be sus-
pended until to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock,
and make it the special order at that time? The
reason I make the motion is this: I am willing to
remain hero to carry out this order, but I am not
willing that we should adjourn before all the ab-
sent members are brought in, and that those mem-
bers who succeed in avoiding the officers of this
House, shall come in to-morrow morning and
entirely escape the action of this House. There
are at least two cases where dinner parties are in
progress, where ladies have interfered and said
that members of the House were not in the dwell-
ing at the time. Is it fair to the members who are
kept here, or brought here, that those who re-
main absent shall escape the penalties incurred by
those who have been brought m under the order
of the House? I am only desirous of providing
for a contingency when the House chooses to
adjourn, in order to put non-attending members
upon the same platform as those who have been
brought in, and thus make no discrimination at all.
I think by consulting Cushing's Manual, that such
a motion can be made. I therefore make the con-
ditional motion that if, upon the adjournment of
this House, proceedings under the call are not
completed, that the names of non-attending mem-
bers shall be called over and excuses heard to-
morrow morning, and that it shall be the special
order for eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
what book the gentleman reads from, but there is
another book or instrument that 1 would prefer
to read from, and that instrument is the one under
which th is House was organized in 1789 ,and which
then put this Government in motion. That in-
strument provides that each House of Congress
shall be the judge of the elections and qualifications
of its members, and that a majority of the mem-
bers of each House shall be a quorum to do busi-
ness, but that a smaller number may adjourn from
day to day, and compel the attendance of absent
members. Now, I ask you what is your author-
ity under that instrument? Is it not to compel
the attendance of absent members here? If you
adjourn now, and upon the meeting of.this House
to-morrow morning, those gentlemen are in their
seats, what authority have you over them under
the Constitution, to arraign them for their ab-
sence at this session? The object of that power
in the Constitution, is that you may have a ma-
jority here to do the business of the country
And whether I am correct or not, my own opinion
is, that, when you have a quorum, you have no
