40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
be prepared to speak in a voice too potential
here to use the language of appeal. Yes, sir, as
certain as the revolutions of the earth, the scepter
of dominion, even here, will pass into the hands
of Young America. When that day comes, I
hope ana trust that it will be in the hands of
those who will know no North, no South, no
East, no "West, but the country and the whole
country, the commerce of the Atlantic and of
the Gulf, of the Pacific, of the rivers, and of the
great lakes of the continent. I trust that when
the power passes into their hands, if an appeal
should be made to their magnanimity, that appeal
will not be made in vain.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I find in
the Globe of yesterday, the following announce-
ment:
" The caucus of all parties in the Senate has agreed to
constitute the committees as follows:"
And then follows a list in detail. This an-
nouncement, as I understand it, is incorrect. I
believe that no such caucus has been held. I am
informed that a Democratic caucus was held, and
the committees made up, leaving certain blanks
to be submitted to the Republicans for them to
fill. They saw fit to fill those blanks, under pro-
test. No such caucus as is announced in the
statement which 1 have read, was ever held. No
assent has ever been given by the Republicans of
this Senate to any such formation of committees
as is there announced.
I rise, sir, to protest against this list of com-
mittees as presented here. Never before, in the
whole course of my observation, have I seen a
large minority virtually ignored in a legislative
body upon important committees. This is the
first time that I have ever witnessed such a total,
or almost total, ignoring of a large and influential
minority. But, sir, whom and what does this
minority represent? It represents—I believe I
am correct in saying more than half—certainly
nearly one lialf— of all the free white inhabitants
of these United States; it represents two thirds
of all the commerce of the United States; and
more than two thirds of the revenues of the Uni-
ted States; and yet this minority, representing
the commerce and revenues of the nation, is ex-
pected to be satisfied with one place upon the
tail end of a committee of seven on commerce.
1 may almost say that that committee is of more
importance to the Northwest than all the other
committees of this body; but the great North-
west is totally ignored upon a committee in which
they take so deep an interest. Not a solitary
member of this body from that portion of the
country is honored with a position on that com-
mittee, und yet you have been told of the hun-
dreds of millions of dollars' worth of commerce
which is there looking for protection to this
body.
Sir, we are not satisfied,and we desire to enter
our protest against any such formation of com-
mittees as is here presented. But we would say
to thegentlemen on the other side of the Chamber,
you have the power to-day; you can elect your
committees as you see fit; you can give us one
representative on a committee of five, or one 011 a
committee of seven, or none on any of the com-
mittees, if you think proper. Exercise thatpower
in your own discretion; but, gentlemen, beware !
for the day is not far distant when the measure
you mete to us to-day shall be moted to you
again.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. As the yeas and nays are to be
taken on this motion, I wish to say a single word.
I shall vote for these committees, because they
have been framed in the caucus of Democratic
Senators; but I concur—not in any of the threats
which have been uttered—but in the opinion that
the committees are not fairly constituted. I have
said so in the proper place, and at the proper time;
and I feel bound to say so again, if my vote is to
be put upon the record, to be the subject of mis-
conception by my constituents, and others who
may choose to look at it. During the last Con-
gress, I concurred in the suggestions that were
made m this body, that it was not usual to alter
the committees at that stage; but I did under-
stand, and I have stated it in other places, that
there was a promise of reconstructing the com-
mittees at a new Congress. I may have erred in
that belief, but that was my understanding; and
I expected a change in the committees at this ses-
sion. For myself, individually, I do not care a
shilling about it. My own place on the commit-
tees is the same as it was when I came here; it
has never been changed. If there is any change
to be made, I hope it will be to relieve me from
all the committees, for I do not wish to do the
work.
Mr. STUART. I do not propose to discuss
this question at all; but as allusion has been made
to me by name by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] I deem it due to myself to say that I
declined, unqualifiedly, having a place upon the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I presume that
there is no member of the Senate who cares less
for, or interferes less with, the organization of
committees, than I do; but I cannot sit still and
hear the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] imputing to the Democratic
party that in the organization of these committees
their disposition has been to wield the powers of
this Government for the benefit of what he chooses
to call "the slave power." That is the only prop-
osition of his which I propose to notice.
It is a very easy matter to find fault with the
organization of committees; but what is the first
principle that enters into the organization of com-
mittees, and always must, in every political body?
The political party having the majority will ne-
cessarily control all the committees of the body,
because they are responsible, as a party, for the
business of the body. I presume that principle
has always been acted upon. They will always
give to themselves the control of the body. Now,
sir, if it has so happened that a great sectional
party has sprung up in this country, and the re-
sult of the action of that sectional party has been
that two thirds of the Democratic party 111 the
Senate is composed of members from the slave
holding States, does it follow that their object is
sectional because they .will not give the majority
011 the committees to those who are opposed to
them.
Sir, I know no way in which they could act
with reference to the organization of the commit-
tees other than that in which they have acted. I
do not mean that, in every individual instance,
the selection made has been exactly the best, or
that it can meet the approbation of every Senator
on this floor, either in the ranks of the Demo-
cratic party or of the Opposition. There are too
many considerations which must necessarily enter
into the organization of committees, even in one's
own party, to make it possible to reduce tlicm to
strict and tangible rules. Personal considera-
tions enter into it; the duration of service enters
into it. Since the Senate have been organized,
they have always looked to the importance of
securing that degree of knowledge which is pos-
sessed by those who have remained permanently
in the body, and occupied positions in it; and
they have never displaced members from import-
ant positions as long as they reiv.ained in the
Senate, unless there was some reason for doing
so. That consideration must control the organiza-
tion of committees, and it has necessarily had its
bearing in the construction of the committees as
now presented to the Senate.
Independent of these personal and political con-
siderations, which must be the great controlling
influences in the formation of committees, it is
always the desire of the predominant party, of
course, as far as is in their power, to distribute
among the different quarters of the Union—I will
not say sections—and the members from all par-
ties, positions on the committees. But 1 know of
no principle of parliamentary law, of 110 principle
of fairness orjustice, that entitles a minority to ask
more than that they shall be heard and represented.
The question of numbers does not enter into it.
The majority always must, as a party, protect
themselves against the chance of the control of
the business of the body going into the hands of
their opponents. If it so happens that in the
divisions of the country, as I stated before, a great
sectional party has arisen, and that the effect of
the existence of that party has been, that from
certain portions of the country hardly any Dem-
ocratic Senators are to be found, is it to be won-
dered at that, in order to control such sectional
results, and maintain their own ascendency in the
business of the Senate, the majority are driven
from the course they might otherwise have taken
in the organization of the committees?
It is on these grounds that I think (without
meaning to say for one moment that there may
not have been individual mistakes, and that there
may not have been individual errors) there are so
many combined causes which enter into the organ-
ization of committees, that no man can possibly
construct them so that there may not be some-
thing pointed out by those who only stand up to
object, which perhaps might have been arranged
otherwise,-so as to suit their views, or otherwise
apparently for the purposes of justice.
In the main, the construction of these commit-
tees has been governed by the two considerations
I have mentioned. It has been intended, in the
formation of the committees, to preserve the con-
trol of the Democratic party over the business of
the Senate. That I hold to be fair and right.
They have necessarily looked to the personal con-
siderations connected with the duration of the ser-
vice of each Senator, and the fact that he was
known to those who were obliged to select mem-
bers to be qualified for certain duties. The prin-
ciple of displacing experience to take the chance
of inexperience, never ought to obtain in a delib-
erative body; and that consideration also has been
involved. Apart from this, I am perfectly satis-
fied that no desire existed on the part of the Dem-
ocratic caucus, and that no desire existed on the
part of any portion of its members, to arrange the
committees with reference to upholding or sus-
taining any sectional interest in this country what-
ever. But, sir, I admit at the same time, that the
desire did exist to have the control, through Dem-
ocrats, of the organization of the committees of
the Senate, so that we might here, as we have
done in the country, beat down a party, the object
of which I do not profess to say, but whose suc-
cess, if it ever comes, can only come with destruc-
tion to the Federal Union.
Mr. GWIN. I shall detain the Senate but a
few moments. I will state that, on the organiza-
tion of the Committee on Commerce, originally,
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] was
placed on it, and he voluntarily declined to serve
on that Committee. Having by his own volun-
tary act declined to serve on it, the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] was placed in his
stead. It was the wish of the Democratic mem-
bers of this body that the Senator from Michigan
should remain on that committee.
There is another fact in connection with this
question. As the Senator from Delaware has
stated, and for the reasons which he has given, a
large majority of the members of the dominant
party in this body are composed of Senators from
the southern States ; and the members of the
American party are also representatives of south-
ern States. We may say that there are thirty of
the Senators provided for by the majority from
the southern States, and but twelve from the free
States; and, therefore, to give the majority the
control of the committees, being responsible to
thecountry for theaction of this body, it was ab-
solutely necessary to give the Senators from the
southern States a preponderance, and to place
more of them on the committees than otherwise
would have been placed there if there was an
equality in the Democratic party; that is to say,
if there were asimilar number of Democratic Sen-
ators from the free and the slave States.
But, sir, I am very much astonished at the com-
plaint from the other side of the Chamber, because
it is but recently in the history of the country
that the party to which those gentlemen belong
obtained oontrol of the other House of Congress,
though in a minority there; and how did they
arrange its committees? There never was a more
flagrant paitisan character given to the commit-
tees of a legislative body, and they were never
more sectional. There never was a time in the
history of the country when a minority, coming
by chance into the control of one of the legislative
bodies of the Government, exercised with more
severity the iron hand of power in their posses-
sion.
We have received threats from the other side.
Let them throw down the gauntlet; we are ready
to take it up. If they ever get control of this
body, we know how they will rule not only us,
but the country. We have had a specimen of it
in the lower House already. When they were
in a minority in that body, and obtained their
Speaker by chance, never, in any legislative body
in this country, were committees formed with more
