1858.]
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Claris.
Senate.
force and effect, but not till then. You may tell
me that American vessels go to Africa, and are
there loaded with slaves,-which are reeking with
them, and come into our country, for aught I
know; and yet the law here is, that the slave trade
is piracy. I know a man may go outside of the
law, but that does not alter the law.
I proceed to read from this opinion in 2 Mar-
shall, p. 470, in the case of Rankin vs. Lydia:
" In deciding this question, we disclaim the influence of
the general principles of liberty"—
the court was careful to do that—
—" which we all admiie, and conceive it ought to be de-
cided by the law as it is, and not as it ouglit to be. Slavery
is sanctioned by the laws of tins State : and the right to hold
them under onr municipal regulations is unquestionable.
But we view this as a right existing by positive law, of a
municipal character, without foundation in the law of na-
ture, or the unwritten and common law."
That is the decision of the State of Kentucky,
that slavery did not stand upon the common law.
Here, Mr. President, let me take a distinction;
for I was not quite sure, by the argument of the
honorable Senator from Louisiana, whether he
meant to say, and confined his argumentto, stat-
ute law, instead of positive law. I am not con-
tending that slavery exists everywhere by statute
law. That is the point. I say it exists only by
Eositive or municipal law, or laws which may
ecome positive and municipal by the force of
custom, and grown up to be recognized as the
positive laws of the land, but not from the com-
mon law. The court, in the decision of this Case
of Rankin vs. Lydia, say:
" But we view this as a right existing by positive law, of
a municipal character, without foundation in the law of na-
ture, or the unwritten and common law."
The next case to which I come, Mr. President,
is one I think from the gentleman's own State. It
is to be found in 2 Martin's Reports. I cite from
the case of Lunsford vs. Coaquillon, page 402:
"The relation of owner and slave is, m the States of
this Union, m which it has legal existence, a creature of
municipal law."
Mr. BENJAMIN". There was a law in force
in our State at the same time on the subject.
Mr. CLARK. The next case I shall cite is
that of Forbes vs. Cochrane, to be found in 2
Barnewall and Cresswell's Reports, in which the
judge says:
" I am of opinion, that according to the principles of the
English law, the right to slaves, even m a country where
such rights ate recognized by law, must be consideied as
founded, not upon the law of nature, but upon the particu-
lar law of that country."
Mr. FESSENDEN. What case is that?
Mr. CLARK. The case of Forbes vs. Coch-
rane, page 462. I could cite a great many more
cases like that.
I ought, before I go further, to comment a little
upon the ease of the slave Grace, but it does not
go to show at all, as I understand it, that slavery
existed by the common law. It was a case where
a slave was brought from one of the "West India
islands, went to England, lived there awhile and
then went back, and then a suit was brought, not
for the purpose of determining her freedom, but
which was incidentally brought to the notice of
the court, and the court held that however the
law might be in England, that though she might
be free there, if she brought an action for freedom,
yet going back to the West Indies where slavery
existed, and having for four years submitted her-
self voluntarily to that state of servitude, she was
not entitled to freedom.
I come now to the case of Prigg ®s. The Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania. The same case was
cited by the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
and 1 was alittle suiprised, I must confess, when
that honorable Senator took this case against,
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, which was,
in fact, as lie says, a case between the State of
Maryland and the State of Pennsylvania, and read
from it a portion of Judge McLean's opinion to
sustain the view that lie was taking, to wit: that
the common law recognized slavery, or that it
had not been abolished in this country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I quoted that for the purpose of establish-
ing, in contradiction to the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. FlssjENDEN,] that slave property was guar-
antied by the Constitution. I did not quote that
upon the subject of the common law.
Mr. CLARK. I may be mistaken about the
precise point with which and for which the hon-
orable Senator quoted. I dare say I am. I would
not for a moment misrepresent him; but I will
still say that while he had been so earnestly con-
tending and citing authorities to show that the
common law did recognize slavery; that it in fact
brought it into this country; I was a little sur-
prised, when he had this case of Prigg i>s. The
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in his hand, no
matter for what purpose, nor to what precise point
he cited it, and this very case follows the Som-
mersettcase, which he says was judicial legisla-
tion, in which the United States court decides
that slavery only exists by municipal or positive
law, that the honorable Senator did not read that
portion to the Senate. It was not his purpose to
do so. I find no faultbecause he did not. I only
say it seemed to me a little singular that he should
not have cited the authority of the highest court
of the Union, when he launched out afterwards, I
think, or before, no matter which, in so eloquent
and so highaeulogium upon that court. In another
particular I was a little surprised. When he com-
mented upon the case of the slave Grace, decided
by Lord Stowell, he read from some book—I do
not understand from what—a letter from Mr. Jus-
tice Story approving of the decision in that case,
and saying he would have decided it as Lord
Stowell had decided it. Now, I want to say to
the Senator that this case of Prigg vs. The Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, was decided when
Mr. Justice Story was upon the bench; ay, sir,
Mr. Justice Story himself, delivered the opinion
of the court.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I said so.
Mr. CLARK. Did the honorable Senator say
so the other day ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did in my speech.
Mr. CLARK. On that point?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes.
Mr. CLARK. I understood him not to allude
to that point at all. He may have said that Jus-
tice Story delivered the opinion of the court; but
he did not tell the Senate that Mr. Justice Story
decided that slavery existed only by positive mu-
nicipal law. I think the gentleman will not say
he said that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not say that, because
I never did understand him so to decide.
Mr. CLARK. Then we will read the decision.
I \vill read first from the caption:
" By the geneial law of nations no nation is bound to loc-
ognize the state of siaveiyas to foreign slaves wiiiun us
terutoiial dominions, when it is opposed to its own policy
and institutions, m favor of the subjects of other nations
where slavery is' rccognr/.ed. If it doesit, it is as amattcr of
comity, anil not as a matter of international light. I'll e state
of slaveiy is deemed to be a more municipal regulation;
founded upon"—
That is it—" founded upon." It is a very curi-
ous expression:
—u founded upon, and limited to the range of the territorial
laws."
That is the law of the country where it exists.
It is founded upon and limited to it. The gentle-
man would have the Senate infer that slavery came
into the country by the force of the common law
which extended itself all ovc-r the English colo-
nies, and that that is a part of the birthright which
we had. Mr. Justice Story says it is founded
upon municipal regulation, and confined and lim-
ited to territorial law. That is the caption of the
case. Let us see what the reasoning is, and what
authority is cited to support it. Mr. Justice Story
delivered the opinion of the court:
" Hy the qoneral law of nations, no nation is bound to
recognize the state of slavery."
I shall want to cite this presently, in further
answer to the Senator from Virginia, who main-
tained , as I understood, that it existed by the laws
of all Christian nations, or almost all; and there-
fore was to be recognized m this country. Mr.
Chief Justice Story says:
^ By the general law of nations, no nation is bound to
recognize the state of slavery, as to foreign slaves within
its teiritorial dominions, when it is in opposition to its own
policy and institutions, m favor of the subjects of other na-
tions where siavoiv is recognized. If it does it, it is as
a matter of comity, and not a 3 a matte* of international
right. The state of slavery is deemed to be a inura muni-
cipal regulation, founded upon and limited to the ran go of
the teiritonai laws. Tl.is was fully recognized in Somm^r-
sett's case, (Loft's Rep. 1; S. C. 11 Srate Tuals hv Hari;.,
3-10; S. (J. 2U Howell's State Tuals, 79,) which was decided
before the Amencan .Revolution."
That case settled the question as to the common
law, four years before the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, so that if that was the true law of Eng-
land, if that was the state of the common law,
we did not take slavery by the common law, but
we took it by the force of the territorial law.
Judge Story, in this decision, continues:
" It is manifest from this consideration, that if the Con-
stitution had not contained this clause—"
That is the clause in regard to fugitives.
—" every non-slaveholding State in the Union would have
been at liberty to have declared free all runaway slaves
coming within its limits."
Now, Mr. President, I want to ask honorable
Senators ho w this could have been under the Con-
stitution, if the common law brought slavery here,
if slavery existed by the common law, which was
part of our birthright ? If slavery came here by
force of the common law, it was carried into every
State of the Union where the common law went.
What was the necessity of that provision, if by
force of the common law the master coukl get his
slave? It was in Pennsylvania as well as in Mary-
land; and when a slave went from under their
statute law in Maryland, and got into Pennsyl-
vania, he was still under the common law; he
could not be a freeman because the common law
would hold him. But understanding distinctly
that the common law did not recognize slavery,
the framers of the Constitution put in it that pro-
vision, so that slaves should not be set free who
escaped into a free State where the common law
did exist, but which did not recognize slavery.
They inserted that provision in the Constitution
in order that fugitive slaves might be returned
into the States from which they came.
This is the decision of the highest court of the
nation. I do not know that it has ever been over-
ruled, unless it was overruled by the Drcd Scott
opinion, and that does not overrule it in terms.
Here is a case decided in 1842, fifteen years after
the ease of the slave Grace. It was not before
the decision of that case, which the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana says Justice Story approved.
It was fifteen years after that matter nad been
brought to his knowledge, and his attention had
been turned to it. What is remarkable here is,
that the court did not all concur in the reasoning
of Mr. Justice Story; they did not all concur in
all the points he made, and the other judges went
on seriatim, one after another, to give opinions and
reasons, and yet not one of the judges dissented
from Mr. Justice Story upon this point. They
all concurred in it; and Mr. Chief justice Taney,
that now is, was then upon the bench when this
case was decided, and he did not dissent from that
part of jt. 1 think there is not to be found, in Mr.
Justice Taney's opinion, that there was a solitary
dictum on which he dissented upon that part of
Mr. Justicc Story's opinion.
I have here another case. I am following the
order of time. I have got up to the highest court
of the nation. I am not beginning with the lower
and going up to the higher by different grades of
authority, but I am following the order of time.
I have given the case of Prigg us. The Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania, in 1842. What is re-
markable is that you find these cases as well in
the slave States as everywhere else. I hold in
my hand 9 Georgia Reports, in which I find a
very remarkable case—that of Neal vs. Farmer—
where the judge goes into the matter with great
research and great learning. I should differ from
him in some of his conclusions, for reasons which
will be obvious when I come to read the opinion.
This is a case in the State of Georgia, whicl^ia
decided on the ground that slavery did not exist
by the common law, but existed by the various
statutes passed 111 England for the Colonies, and
by the statutes passed by the Colonies them-
selves. The case was very maturely considered.
I presume the honorable Senator from Louisiana
has seen it, though I did not understand him to
take any notice of it.
Air. BENJAMIN. I will merely suggest to
the gentleman that 1 can furnish him with a hun-
dred cases to the same elfect in the slave States.
Mr. CLARK. I dare say the gentleman ia
much more learned than I am upon this point. I
dare say he might meet me two to one in bringing
forward cases. I am not surprised, because it
was not his object to show that slaveiy did not
exist by the common law, but to show that it did,
