1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•'Si-
utter determination even to block the wheels of
the Government—as they did for the first time in
the history of the Government, by refusing to
pass an appropriation bill because that minority,
thus organized and controlling the committees of
that House, had their way in framing that appro-
priation bill.
In regard to one of the committees that has
been specifically referred to—the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office—what is more just
than that it should be composed of men of legal
atta.nments, who, in examining important ques-
tions connected with patents, will be disinter-
ested, so for as their constituents are concerned,
in passing impartially on those great questions?
We had reference to that in putting gentlemen on
that committee from whose States inventions
rarely come up, that they may be impartial judges
of the questions under consideration. So it is in
regard to a number of the other committees.
I take it for granted that all that has been said
to-day has been intended for its effect on the
country; riot that these gentlemen really object to
their localities on the committees. In the other
House, we know, that when there was but one
or two majority, wnen parties were so close that
it was almost impossible to say which could com-
mand a majority, in the organization of the com-
mittees they always gave six of the same side
with the Speaker to three Opposition, the major-
ity taking two thirds of each committee. Of the
members of this body, there are forty-two op-
posed to the Republican party, and twenty of
that party. When there was but one or two ma-
jority, that majoiity always took two thirds of
the committees in the lower House of Congress.
That has been the plan of organizing the com-
mittees there for many years.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the remark of
the Senator from California, that when the Re-
publicans obtained the organization of the other
House last year, thecommittees were so construct-
ed as to do injustice to the minority; that they
were constructed of six Republicans to three of
the Opposition, is a remark that cannot be sus-
tained by an examination of the record.
Mr. G WIN. The Senator is mistaken. I did
not say that was done in the last Congress. I
say that has been the practice of the Government.
I was not here during the last Congress until the
close of the last session, and I cannot say how the
committees were constructed in that House then,
because there were three parties there. I say the
practice of the Government for many years has
been, (the last Congress may have been an excep-
tion,) to give the majority six members to three
of the minority, on each committee of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. WILSON. I believe the honorable Senator
from California said the committees were never
more unfairly constituted, than at the last Con-
gress, when the Republicans obtained possession
of the House by an accident. Now, sir, I hold in
my hand an analysis of the committees of the
House of last year. There were upon those thirty-
seven committees one hundred and thirty-one
Republicans and one hundred and thirty-three of
the Opposition. The committees were constituted
almost invariably of five Republicans to four
Opposition. The chairmanship of several of these
committees was given to the supporters of the Ad-
ministration. The chairmanship of the Committee
on Military Affairs, certainly one of the most im-
portant committees in either House, was given to
General GIuitman, of Mississippi. No man has a
right to complain of the organization of the com-
mittees of the House of Representatives by the
Speaker, last year. He was not only just but lib-
eral towards the Opposition. He gave four Oppo-
sition members to five Republicans on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. The Committee on
Commerce was constituted of a majority of the
Opposition, the numbers being four Republicans
to five Opposition. The Committee on Public
Lands had five Republicans to four Opposition;
and the Committees 011 the Post Office, the District
of Columbia, the Judiciary, Indian Affairs, the
Military, and Foreign Affairs, were constituted,
in the same proportions. The Committee on Ter-
ritories was the only one constituted, as the Sena-
tor from California says is the usual Democratic
practice, six to three. The Committee on Patents
stood three to two; while the Committee on the
Library had a majority of the Opposition, having
consisted of one Republican to two Opposition.
The record will bear, to all time, the evidence of
the fairness and liberality of Speaker Banks and
of the Republican party.
My friend from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
has said that the time may come when the Re-
publicans may have a majority 011 this floor,and
what you mete out to us shall be meted out to
you. I cannot concur with my friend in tbatre-
mark. I trust, sir, that we shall have a majority
on the floor of this Senate. I have no doubt the
time is to come when the men who oppose slavery
and its power will have it, but when that time
comes I trust the committees of this body will be
liberal, just, and national in every respect, and
that we shall not only be just, but liberal towards
those who are now unjust and illiberal towards us.
I do not complain that the Democratic party has
organized this Chamber so as to procure working
majorities on the important committees. We
complain of the sectional character of these com-
mittees. The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bat-
ard] tells us that a sectional party has sprung up
111 the country. Sir, a sectional party has long
existed, and now exists in the country, and con-
trols every department of the Federal Govern-
ment—executive, legislative, and judicial. This
sectional,party has seized the organization of
every department of this Government, and it
holds to that organization with relentless tena-
city. A party has sprung up in the country that
protests against this sectional organization and
policy of our Government. _ A party has sprung
up that insists on restoring th'e Government to the
ancicnt policy, and to have a national Govern- ;
ment that comprehends the whole country, in- !
chiding the seventeen millions of northern free- !
men. j
The Senator says that, they have organized the i
committees here so as to secure the ascendency !
of the Democratic party. But they have so or- j
ganized the committees as to secure, on nearly
every one of the important committees, the com-
plete ascendency of the southern portion of that
party which now leads, directs, and controls the
party and its policy. We want the country to
understand this, and we mean that the country
shall understand this sectional policy.
An analysis of these committees has been made
by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.] Ref-
erence has been made to the Committee on Com-
merce by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle.] Sir, it is well known that the pro-
test was made last March, in this Chamber,
against the organization of the Committee on
Commerce. It was believed, and declared on
this floor, that the Commiitce on Commeice was
oiganized so as to prevent river and harbor im-
provement bills from being reported. I have no
objection to the Senators who compose that com- ;
nuttee. The Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] ,
the chairman of it, comes from a State largely, 1
almost wholly, engaged in agricultural pursuits, '
having but thirty-six thousand tons of the five ;
million tons of shipping of the United States, i
The Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] coming !
from a State that has twenty-nine thousand tons
of shipping out of the five" millions, is on that;
committee. The Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Reid,] coming from a State that has sixty j
thousand tons of shipping out of five million tons, '
is also a member of the committee. These three
agricultural States, having only one hurtdred and
twenty-five thousand tons of shipping, have three
members of this committee, while the great State ,
of New York, with one million five hundred
thousand tons of shipping, and the northwestern
States bordering on the great lakes, are not repre-
sented on it at all. The Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Benjamin] is upon the committee, and I j
think fitly there, representing, as lie does, a State
located at the mouth of the Mississippi river, and
largely interested in commerce. We were given
to understand last year that these errors should
be corrected, and yet the correction has not been
made. Pour of the members of the Naval Com- !
mittee are from the southern States — States
which have neither commerce, ships, nor sea-
men.
We are told that it is not customary to change
men when they are on a committee. It so hap-
pens that upon this Committee 011 the Library
there were, at the last session, three southern men
and 110 northern man upon it. Judge Butler has
passed away. There was a vacancy on that com-
mittee. It was well known that there was objec-
tion on our part to the organization of that c om-
mittee at the last session, and yet, although there
was an opportunity to place one of the Opposi-
tion or some northern man on that committee, it
is this year again made up wholly of southern
men. Everybody knows that nine tenths of the
authors of this country are in the free States;
that nine tenths of all the books that have been
produced in this country have been produced in
the free States, that nineteen twentieths of the
publications of the country are in that section;
that there are in that section of the Union fifteen
thousand public libraries, against less than seven
hundred public libraries in the slave States, and
the private libraries, I venture to say, are in about
the same proportion; and yet that great section
of the country, containing almost three fourths of
the white population of the country, is not rep-
resented at all in the Committee on the Library.
Sir, I believe there is a purpose in all this; that
there is an intention in it. The object is to pre-
serve a control, a censorship over the library, so
that the works thrown off by the authors of
modern Europe and the northern States which
breathe the spirit of liberty, are to pass under
rigid scrutiny before they are allowed a place in
the national library.
For one, I do not complain of our positions on
these committees. I take it we are all satisfied
—that we care very little about these positions.
We complain of the sectional character of the
committees. That they are sectional, everybody
must admit. Why is not some chairmanship
assigned the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pitch,]
certainly one of the ablest supporters here of the
Administration—of the majority of this Chamber?
Take the twelve or thirteen important committees
of this body, the only committees that are of any
importance in the body, and but two are presided
over by northern men. The organization of this
Chamber, the organization of the Government in
each and every department, is pro-slavery. But I
do notknow that we should complain, for the fact
now stands clearly revealed to thegaze ofmankind,
that the present Democratic party, and the pro-
slavery party of this country are the same. The
history of the one, during the past twenty years,
must ever be the history of the other. When the
Democratic party ceases to be the instrument of
the slave propaganda, or when the Democratic
party shall go down under the odium of its present
affiliation with the slave power, then the country
may cease to see what we now see, the Commit-
tees on Foreign Relations, Finance, Commerce,
Military Affairs, Naval Affairs, Judiciary, Post
Office, District of Columbia, Indian Affairs, Print-
ing, and Library all presided over by slave State
Senators.
Mr. BROWN. I do not propose, Mr. Presi-
dent, to take any part in this discussion. If the
Republican members of the Senate can make
sectional or party capital out of a little matter of
this sort, they are perfectly welcome to it so far
as I am concerned. It will be recollected that last
week the subject then under consideration, the
President's message, was postponed until last
Monday. It was understood that the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Green] would then occupy
the floor. He has been postponed from day. to
day until now. This morning it was proposed
that this question should be taken up an hour in
advance of the period fixed by the resolution, that
after that he might go on with his speech. It
is perfectly apparent, I think, that we are to
have no vote on this question to-day. Already
the Senate has fixed an order for to-morrow,
which is to postpone the Senator again. I protest
against this sort of injustice to a Senator, for we
all know how disagreeable it is to be postponed
from day to day, and from day to day after a Sen-
ator is prepared to deliver his opinions. With a
view of giving the Senator from Missouri an op-
portunity to make his speech, I move the post-
ponement of this question until to-morrow at one
o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will say to-
morrow, at half past twelve o'clock. I think we
can dispose of this subject very soon.
Mr. BROWN. If my motion prevails I under-
stand that, after we shall have elected a Printer
to-morrow, this will be the next question in order,
we having already made a special order for to-
