1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1127
They carry upon their face the inference that the
Government of the United States may have been
injured, and that there may have been a*misappii-
cation of the funds by the gentlemen who have,
from time to time, been in the discharge of that
trust. I do not want the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to write down its history. I want the books
to be examined. They may be broughthere, and
they shall be brought here if you yhoose. I un-
derstand the history of it from beginning to end,
as perfectly as I do my A B C's.
Mr. ENGLISH. If the gentleman understands
this matter from the beginning, as I have no doubt
he does, I should like to ask him if he denies the
assertion which I made, that the Government of
the United States owns the whole of the stock
except five shares ?
Mr MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do, most
emphatically.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then I desire to call the gen-
tleman 's attention to the official report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in which he says:
" In Jai uary, 1855, the net receipts of the canal were
sufficient t  purchase the balance of the private stock, and
all was pw :husetl and transferred to the United States except
five shares 'eft standing—one to the name of the president,
and one to the name of each of the directors of the canal."
This, f ir, is the statement ofi a distinguished
citizen ol Louisville—the Hon. James Guthrie—
when he was Secretary of the Treasury; and it
will be s< en that it fully sustains the statement
made by me.
Mr. M ARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have al-
ready ex alained thajt. I have told the gentleman
that, und ;r the Kentucky statute, the canal stands
readyto be transferred to the Government of the
United States, whenever the Government of the
United States shall make an appropriation. But
Mr. Guthrie did not understand it, and nobody
else could finderstand, that the United States have
become the proprietors of the janal; because, in
addition to the acti6n of the Secretary of the
Treasury, the action of the corporators of the State
corporation was required to discharge the trust
created by the statute. And I take t+iis further
legal position, and refer it to any gentleman of the
House learned in the law, that if these five cor-
porators had attempted to transfer it to the United
States Government, without the performance of
the condition upon which the trust was declared,
any court of equity would have enjoined against
that transfer. The State of Kentucky and the city
of Louisville were reversioners in the matter, and
they both had legal interest in the transfer. Like
bidders at a sale, if they stood forward ready to
put down the bid that they thought equal to the
wants of the commerce upon the transfer of the
stock, they had the equitable right, the legal
right, to do so. And, sir, Mr. Guthrie and your
Comptroller together, could not have deprived
them of it. You have got no property; and all I
ask is, that Congress, at this stage of the proceed-
ing, shall not go forward to make an ex parte in-
vestigation, by which I fear that injustice may be
done to these gentlemen. Give a committee, by
which every dollar that has been collected, and
how it has been expended, shall be shown, and I
will venture my head that there will not be a four-
pence missing from the accounts, and that there
will not be a dollar exhibited in the accounts, ex-
cept what has gone to the improvement of the
canal itself, and the amelioration of the commerce
of the Ohio river.
I think the passage of this resolution would be
wrong. You might, it may be, without any such
intention, spread upon the records of the Gov-
ernment that which would stain these men, and
might create a presumption against them. They
might be put down here without giving them a
hearing at all. They have not come forward, but
they will come forward. This canal will be made,
and it will be made equal to the wants of com-
merce, and they will not ask a dollar from the
Treasury to do it; and when it is done, it will be
ready to be handed over to the Government of the
United States, who have so long and so pertina-
ciously been unjust to the commerce of the Ohio
river, unless you burden the Government with
another useless and wasteful expenditure of the
public money.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I discover, dur-
ing the progress of this argument, that there is a
contest lying, behind the question between Ken-
. tucky and Indiana. Now, to any person familiar
with the commerce of the Ohio river, it is well
known that the commerce of at least half of the
States of the Union has been suffering for years
for want of sufficient capacity in that canal to ac-
commodate that commerce. So long as the ques-
tion occupies its present position, there is no prob-
ability that the Louisville canal will be sufficiently
enlarged to accommodate the trade of the Ohio
river, and to allow the boats from New Orleans
to pass uninterrupted to Pittsburg. While the
advocates of the Indiana canal are embarrassing
the enlargement of the Louisville canal, there is
no probability of completing a great work that
ought to be completed, which is the building of a
dam at the narrows below Louisville, high enough
to raise the water over the rapids, to accommo-
date both sides of the river and the entire trade
of the Ohio. The sooner this is done the better.
I have the opinion of scientific engineers that it
must ultimately be done. It is the proper way to
remedy the difficulties, and settle the contest be-
tween Kentucky and Indiana. I voted in favor
of the resolution for the purpose of bringing out
the testimony which would demonstrate that this
canal has not the capacity to accommodate the
trade that is now passing over the Ohio river. But,
while I have done that, I am satisfied that a thor-
ough investigation of this question will result in
the adoption of the plan which I suggest to accom-
modate all parties.
Mr. RITCHIE. Mr. Speaker, the district
which I represent has a great interest in some
means of getting around the falls of the Ohio
without obstruction, or with as little obstruction
as possible. Ever since I have been in Congress,
any effort to improve the navigation around the
falls has been opposed by difficulties between the
members from Kentucky and the members from
Indiana. I have been desirous, ever since I have
been here, to procure an appropriation from Con-
gress, or money in any way it could be obtained,
in order to enlarge the present canal at the falls at
Louisville, so that it could be made adequate to
the wants of commerce. I believe, from a report
of the engineers on that subject, which 1 have ex-
amined, that that purpose can be accomplished in
less time, and at a smaller expense, in that way
than in any other. For that reason I have uni-
formly supported that plan. If I should be mis-
taken in that, if it be impracticable, I should then
go for an appropriation of money to make a canal
upon the Indiana side—for, as between the two
sides of the river, I have no choice. My only
object is to have the means of getting around the
falls with the least possible obstruction to com-
merce, and the least possible expense in the way
of toll. *
I find now, sir, that this subject, as it stands,
is in this situation: we have no prospect of get-
ting from this Congress, or of obtaining the sanc-
tion of the Executive for any appropriation for
the building of a canal on either side of the river;
and as a practical measure we have this company
in the very act of applying the tolls now collected
for the enlargement of the canal on the Kentucky
side. If let alone, they will, in my judgment,
have a canal there in a short time, which will
probably answer the purpose of the commerce of
that river. I see no possible way of getting at
this result in any other mode than the one now
adopted. I see no hope in the present state of the
national finances and in the present aspect of the
political forces in this House and in the Senate,
with the constitutional scruples of the Democratic
majorities, of getting money from the National
Government for this purpose, either to enlarge
the canal on the Louisville side, or to build a ca-
nal upon the Indiana side. I therefore go for what
I consider the only practical measure on this sub-
ject, and that is to permit these men, who have
now the Louisville canal, to go on collecting their
tolls and to enlarge the present canal, which is
now in existence upon the Kentucky side, until
it is adequate for the purposes required.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky was mistaken when he intimated that I did
not represent a district bordering; upon thQ Ohio
river. Two counties in my district border upon
the river, and the flourishing city of Madison is
the county seat of one of them. The statement
of this fact alone will show that my constituents
have an immediate interest in every question con-
nected with this transit around the falls of the
Ohio. There.are now, Mr. Speaker, and have
been for years, two rival interests contending in
reference to this matter—one is the interest of the
Louisville and Portland Canal Company, and the
other the interest of the proposed canal on the In-
diana side of the river. I Delieve that the facts
with reference to the past history of the Louisville
and Portland canal nave been fully and fairly
stated by the gentleman from Kentucky. What-
ever may be the interest of this corporation or that,
or the interest of Kentucky, or the interest of
Indiana, with reference to this matter, it must
be apparent, I think, to the judgment of every
man, that the interests of the trading commu-
nity, and the commercial people upon that river,
whether upon the one side of the river or the
other, is the same. If a man starts with a cargo
of produce for New Orleans from the city of Mad-
ison, it is his interest to get his cargo to market
by the shortest and cheapest route. It is not im-
portant to him whether he gets around the falls
upon the Kentucky side or upon the Indiana side.
What he wants is to get around the falls as quick-
ly and as cheaply as possible. It may be import-
ant to the stockholders and corporators who
shall take the tolls; but that is a question in which
the commercial portion of the community has no
interest whatever. Their interest is that no one
shall take any tolls at all; and that, if possible,
the canal shall be free.
Now, sir, a bill has been introduced into this
House during the present session, by the gentle-
man from Ohio, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and is now in the hands of that com-
mittee, proposing the construction of a canal
around the falls of the Ohio, on the Indiana side..
What is the question which presents itself to this
Congress as legislators ? Why, sir, their object
will be, as it is their duty, to accomplish the con-
struction of a commodious and ready transit
around these rapids, in the cheapest and most
expeditious manner. How shall it be done ? By
the appropriation of money from thepublicTreas-
ury to construct a new canal on the Indiana side,
or by so fostering the interests of the canal already
constructed, as to open there a cheap and speedy
transit for commerce ? Now I undertake to say—
and I base my assertion upon information derived
from some of my constituents whose daily busi-
ness is to trade up and down that river—that it
will meet the wants and wishes of the commercial
portion of the country to widen the Louisville and
Portland canal as speedily as possible, and allow
the commerce of the river to pass through it. I
do not know that these resolutions strike a blow
at that canal. I do not think that I should sup-
port them if they did. The Indiana Legislature,
some years ago, chartered a company for the pur-
pose of constructing a canal upon the Indiana side.
That company made an extensive survey and ex-
amination, and that project has been in the stock
market for years.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I dislike to make the point upon the gentleman
from Indiana, but I do not understand that any
question is now before this House in regard to the
practicability of building a canal upon the Indi-
ana shore, or damming the river at the narrows.
The simple question embraced in these resolutions
is as to the propriety of calling upon a certain De-
partment for information, and the gentleman from
Indiana should confine himself to that point.
The SPEAKER. The Chairis of opinion that
the point of order is well taken. The Chair had
supposed, during most of this discussion, that
very much of what has been said was not directly
pertinent to the subject-matter under discussion;
and would have so decided if the question had
been raised upon any gentleman preceding the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HUGHES. I would like to make a
suggestion on this subject. There are three prop-
ositions before the House. These resolutions call
for information, and the relevancy of this inform-
ation to the propositions before the House must
be taken into consideration when voting upon
them. I will endeavor, however, to proceed in
order; though it is difficult, in my judgment, to
vote understanding^ on this call for information,
unless we may discuss what arc the proposed acts
of legislation to which the information relates.
Now, sir, why do we want information in re-
gard to the manner in -&hich the finances of the
Louisville and Portland canal have been adminis-
tered? Why, to enable us to determine whether .
