1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2153
Mr. COVODE. I wish to make a few remarks.
The power of this House to compel the attend-
ance of absent members is about being tested. If
we adjourn, or postpone this until to-morrow,or
any other time, it will he demonstrated that we
have not the power, or have failed to make use
of it. You cannot, then, at a futuie doy, under-
take to compel the attendance of members. It
seems to me to be absolutely necessary that the
House should make its authority respected.
Mr. STEVENSON. I risetoapomtoforder.
Is there anything before the House which elicits
this discussion ?
The SPEAKER. There is no proposition be-
fore the House. These remarks have been in-
dulged by unanimous consent.
Mr. S I'EVENSON. I object. It is late, and
we ought to go on with this proceeding.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, and
announced that, in obedience to the order of the
House, Messrs. Hawkins and Curtis were within
the bar.
The SPEAKER. Mr. H^vkins, of Florida,
you have been arrested and brought to the bar of
the House for absenting yourself from its sittings
without us permission. What excuse have you
to offer5 *
Mr. HAWKINS. I have none. I was not
arrested by the Scrgeant-at-Arms. I came to the
Hall of my own accord, having ascertained that
there was to be a night session. Further than that
I have no excuse.
Mr. WINSLOW. That is a frank confession;
and m consideration of it, I move that the gentle-
man be discharged on the payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Curtis, of Iowa, you
have been arrested and brought to the bar of the
House for absenting yourself from its sittings
without its pei mission. What reason have you
to assign for vour absence?
Mr. CCJRTIS. I have none. I supposed when
I left the Hall that there would be the same inch-
nation to adjourn at four o'c'ock that there has
been on previous days. I have returned here with-
out compulsion, heai ing that the House was still
in session. I am pleased to see such manifesta-
tions of zeal on the part of gentlemen.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think
that the gentleman ought to be fined double for
coming here without compulsion. [Laughter.]
Mr. LEITER. I move that the gentleman be
discharged on payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to renew the prop-
osition made by the gentleman from Virginia a
few moments ago, in this form. I move that the
Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to take into custody
the members not yet anested, and to have them
before the bar of this House at eleven o'clock to-
moirow. It seems to me that this proceeding is
an indispensable one, and that we could not pos-
sibly get along unless such a motion was in order.
I submit to the Chair that it is in the nature of
contempt that these parties are now guilty of.
We are not now merely seeking to bring them in
for the discharge of business; but their absence
from the House during its sittings is a violation
of the order of the House, and therefore a con- j
tempt. Well; a party being once decided in con- |
tempt, may be arrested, and brought before the J
House at a subsequent session of the House, for ,
its action. It seems to me to bo absolutely neces-
sarv. Here wc are pretty well on to the middle !
of the night, waiting for absent members to be ■
brought m. It, cannot be that the rules of the
House lequire us to wear ourselves out in pro-
ceedings against those who disregard the order of
the House. It seems to me, therefore, that if the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary—gentlemen who wear the honors of the
House—do not choose to bear its burden**, and if
they choose ro have to-morrow 5s session occupied
m making a question of condueton th« ir absence,
it is their responsibility, and not ouis.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The name of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Me«ns has
b"cn used m this Ilall to-night on more occasions
than one, and I think it hus been unneces-wurily
called m question as being one of the absentees on
thiji occasion. 1 met the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania fn the area here while the vote was being
taken on the motion to adjourn, and when it was
[i understood that that motion had been carried, j Mr. MILES, i trust f will be placed in the
<| He was here,and seemed to regret that the husi- ; same category with mv fnends.
ness of the House could not have been proceeded j Mr. FARNSWORTH. It strikes me that we
wnh. He was making his way out of the Hall, I did a fair amount of business to-day. We had a
in company with other gentlemen who had sup- j session of six hours; and I understand from the
posed that the motion prevailed. I do not see
why his name should be selected in this connec-
tion moie than that of any other gentleman who
isabsent at this time.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I desire to make
a suggestion before the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio be put. I would suggest the propriety
of requiring the Sergeant-at-Arms to make a re-
turn to the House in respect to what he has done
in regard to the orders given to him. If it turn
out that, in point of fact, he or his deputies have
called upon members, and notified them that
there is now a call of the House, and if members
have refused to come here, or to notice that call,
those gentlemen who have so failed are guilty of
contempt of this House, and oughuto be justly
obnoxious to its censure. I therefore suggest the
propriety of having a preliminary return made by
the Sergeant-at-Arms of what he has done.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared, and reported
that, in obedience to the order of the House,
Messrs. Miles and Boniiam were now before the
bar of the H ouse.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Miles, of South Caro-
lina, you have been arrested and brought before
the bar of the House for absenting yotuself fiom
its session without permission of the House. |
What reason have you to assign for your ab-
sence ?
Mr. MILES. I have only to say, Mr. Speaker, !
that I left the House after a vote upon the adjourn- |
ment. Under the impiession that the yeas had
it, and that the House had voted to adjourn,!,in
conjunction with one of the other members, left
the House. It was reported to us by some of the
pages that the yeas had it, and, under that im-
pression we left the House. We did not ieceive
any summons at our residence, and accidentally ;
came up here seeing the Hall still lighted. |
Mr. COCKERILL. 1 move that the gentleman |
be discharged on the payment of fees. i
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman from South
Carolina has not been taken into custody. There
are no fees, and he should be discharged.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina was reported by the Serjeant-at-Arms.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Bon-ham, of South Car-
olina.
Mr. BONHAM. I left the House, Mr. Speak-
er, with mycolleague, underpreeisely similar cir- '
cumstances. Presenting myself at the door just !
now, and finding it closed, I asked the Door-
keeper to call the Sergeant-at-Arms; and I am
here under these circumstances. We were not
aware that the House was in session at all, until
we saw the light. ,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the gen- 1
tleman ftom South Carolina be discharged.
And I wish to say a word or two in vindication
of myself, as weil as of the gentleman from South
Carolina, from the sweeping charges made against
every man who absented himself after five o'clock.
The impression is evidently sought to be made
heie that every man who happens to leave this
House afiei five o'clock is guilty of a very gross
d' reliction of duty. [Cries of " No!" "No!"]
If I understand anything about this matter, it is
this, that the object of enfoicing tins i ule is to get
y. quorum. If that be not the objcct, I should like
to know what it is? Here eomcs a gentleman, a
member of the House, opens the door, takes his
seat, and up pops the Smgeant-at-Arms and says,
" { have arrested thIsgen^lcman,', and he repotts
his name,and it is found thytthe gentleman Cume
here voluntauly. I left, ay a great many otlx-is
of these gentlemen left, when the yeas and nays
were being called on the motion to adjourn. I
voted against the adjournment, but I believed it
was carried, or would be, and so I took my hat
and went to dinner. No Sei2<-ant-at-Arms or
deputy came to me; but when 1 was informed of
this proceeding, 1 came immediately to the ilall,
not under ariesi, but voluntarily.
Air. BONH A M. I am not, aware what course
has been taken wnh other geniienu.'; but I beg
not to be excused on any other terms than those
on which they were excused.
Chairman of the Committee of the Whole House
that we passed on some ihirty-five bills. It ?eems
that this rule is to be enforced simply for the pur-
pose of seeing whether it can be enforced, and
for no other object in the world. 1 think that no
man in this House has the remotest idea that we
are. going to sit down to the transaction of busi-
ness to-night.
There is another thing, sir: I hear gentlemen
all about the House saying that we must not ad-
journ until we get this gentleman here, and that
gentleman here.
Mr. STEVENSON. What is the question be-
fore the House ?
The SPEAKER. The motion that the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Bonham] be dis-
charged on payment of fees.
Mr. STEVENSON. I make the point of order
that the gentleman from Illinois is not discussing
that question.
The .SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman fi om Illinois has wandered a little from
the question before the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe the rules of
order have not been very rigidly enforced.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to enforce them when a gentleman rises and asks
that it shall bo done.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is very true, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Viigima. I merely desire to
suggest a single reason why it is very important
for us, with a view to the future, to pursue such
a eouise now as will insure the attendance of a
quorum in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
It strikes me that, undei;the rule, the gentleman
from Virginia can only ask a question or make a
personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the re-
maiks of the gentleman from Virginia ore hardly
pertnien' to the question.
Mr. HUGHES. They are evidently out of
order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I submit, respect-
fully, that I was proceeding to show, with the
permission of the gentleman from Illinois 
Mr. HUGHES. The Chair has decided that
both the gentleman from Illinois and the gentle-
man from Virginia arc out of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 suppose the Chair
will allow me to say a word not out of order, as
I think. I have no desire to argue with the Chair,
because I trust 1 have too proper a respect for the
Presiding Officer of ibis House to do that. Bur I
was proceeding to show the necessity o*f decided
action now, and of not letting gentlemen oiF with-
out the usual punishment.
Mr. KELLOGG. With the permission of the
gentleman, I delicto sayawoid. It has been
paid more than once during this discussion, that
the object of tins proceeding is to enforce the ru les
against members who are in contempt. Thepro-
gnmme is now changed. The gentleman fiom
Virginia has taken the matter under his guardian-
ship, and proposes to read lectures to the House
m relation to our future action.
Mr. WINSLOW. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed, as it is objected to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have said all I desiie to say.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a few*
renin iks
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
confine himself to the question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am in favor of dis-
charging the gentleman from South Carolina, and
every other gentleman who may from this time
out be hi ought to the bar of the House. 1 think
that the House has cairied this pioceedmg far
enough. 1 do not understand that it is n< ceesary
that penalties should be inflicted upon members of
this ilousc to insure their attendance m fumve.
Wo are nor a school of boys presided over by a
schoolmaster.
Mr, STANTON. I insist on the enforcement
of the rules of order. I suspended my remaiksat
the request of tiie Chan .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist that I am in
