1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOlK
mm
private shareholders; but I am for protecting the
interests of the Government, and, above all, I am
for protecting the interests of the people them-
selves.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman allow me?
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; I cannot; ;eld fur-
ther, I say I am for protecting the rights of the
people; and how do I propose to do it? I pro-
pose to do it by voting for these resolutions, in or-
der that we may have this information before us.
If there is nothing " rotten in Denmark," then we
do not do' those^five gentlefocn who own shares
etoyiftjastice. t wil! bear testimony to their high
character, so far as ! know them. I will not for
a fno'meht intimate that they have done anything
that is not fair and right, or that they have not
properly and legitimately appropriated the funds
which have come into their hands; but, believing
they have so acted, as a Kentuckian, I Want the
facts before us, so that everybody may judge foi*
themselves.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to ask a
question.
Mr. BURNHOT*. I cannot yield the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I wish to ask
whether this information has already been given
us from the Department?
Mr. BURNETTt, It has not, aceoYding to my
understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then we otfght to
have it.
Mr. BURNETT. Now, sir, the Kentucky Le-
gislature have passed this acteftlarging the powers
of this corporation, composed of these individuals
owning five shares; and the quesion with me is,
will you get the information which is necessary to
enable you to judge how you can best protect the
interests of the people against, if need be, those
five individuals who claim the power to build this
canal, and then to go on and collect what tolls
they please? In compliance with my agreement
with the gentleman fronl Indiana, I now call the
previous question.
Mr, WASHBURNE,of Illinois. lask the gen-
tleman to withdraw the call for a moment to al-
low me to offer an amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
state to the gentleman from Kentucky the object
of my amendment.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order unless
by general consent.
Mr. WASHBURN^, of Illinois. I do not pro-
pose to detain the House with debate. The Com-
mittee on Commerce have jurisdiction of this sub-
ject. They had the subject before them during
the last Congress, and they have the subject be-
fore them now.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us have the informa-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, called for
tellers on the resolutions.
Tellers were not ordered.
Tho resolutions were adopted.
Mr. ENGLISH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY PENSION BILt.
The SPEAKER stated the first businoss in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
259 granting pensions to the officers and soldiers
of the war wah Great Britain in 1812, and those
engaged in Indian wars during that period; the
consideration of which had been postponed to
this day.
Mr. SAVAGE. I have a resolution to offer in
relation to that bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Before the resolu-
tion is read, I ask to have entered a motion to re-
consider the vote by which a communication from
the Treasury Department was on Friday last laid
upon the table.
Mr. Savage's resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That bill No. 2j9, granting pensions to the sol-
diers of the war'of iyl*2, aril tliosse engaged m Indian wars
during that period. t>e retein'd to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made the special or-
der therein lot* the Ctti day of Apui tievt, and continue the
eame from day to day until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be in
order if the gentleman will withdraw his pending
motion to recommit.
Mr. SAVAGE. I withdraw the motion to re-
commit.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does it not take a two-
thirds vote to adopt that resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It does
Mr. CL1NGMAN. For how many days does
it make this bill the special order?
The SPEAKER. Until disposed of.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If thegentleman will limit
the resolution so that the bill will be made a spe-
cial order for three days, I will not object to it.
Mr. JONESr of Tennessee. If this resolution
comes in by unanimous consent, would notama-
jority vote adopt it?
The SPEAKER. A. two-thirds vote is required
to make a special order. It changes the order of
business.
Mr. CLtNGMAN. I have no objection to the
bill being made a special order, if .the time belim
ited.
Mr. SAVAGE. I am ready to make any fair
compromise. I stand here to-day to carry out
my original promise to do everything that is ne-
cessary to bring the question to a fair vote of the
House. If it suits the policy of the House to
limit debate on a bill of Sfc much importance, very
well. It requires, in my judgment, some time
for discussion; and I doubt the propriety of limit-
ing it to a few days.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, inadvertently,
perhaps, stated to thegentleman from Tennessee
that the resolution could be submitted. If there
be objection, it requires a two-thirds vote to in-
troduce the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, unless it be lim-
ited as to time.
Mr. SAVAGE. I will modify my resolution
so as to provide that the debate shall only con-
tinue for three days.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will not the effect of making *
thisaspecial order be to give this bilkprecedence
over business which we may be considering at the
time ?
The SPEAKER. It will give this bill, on the
6th day of April, precedence over all other busi-
Mr. CLEMENS. Then I object to it
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to inquire whether
this bill was not before us regularly before the
resolution was submitted?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it not in order, then, to
move to make that bill a spccial order for the 6th
day of April next? Does it require unanimous
consent to make that motion r
The SPEAKER. It inquires unanimous con-
sent or a suspension of the rules.
Mr. SAVAGE. And I have moved a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Does the gentle-
man move to make it a special order ?
The SPEAKER. Ho does.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then I hope the
motion will not prevail.
Mr. SAVAGE. At the suggestion of gentle-
men around me, I will put the time further olT,
and afford opportunity for other business to come
up. Instead of the 6th of April, I will say the
2^d of April.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman agree
to the further modification that debate shall con-
tinue only for three days?
Mr. SAVAGE. I agree to that, also.
Mr. CLEMENS. As there seems to be so
much unanimity in the House in regard to this
bill, I will withdraw my objection on a condition.
As no danger can be incurred by postponing the
period, I will susrgest the 26th day of May.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, no! We will adjourn
I before then.
Mr. CLEMENS. Then I object to the resolu-
tion.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. SAVAGE demanded the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the \
main question ordered; and under the operation i
thereof the resolution was adopted. !
M?; SAVAGE moved to reconsider the vote'
by which the resolution was adopted; arid also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Q;tFITMAN. Is not the riext business in
order the motion to recommit the volunteer bill ?
The SPEAKER. This is resolution day.
INTRODUCTION OP BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS*
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I now call up the
resolution I offered this morning. ■
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved,, That the States be called, beginning where the
Speaker lettolF,and upon said call members may introduce
bills for reference only, and of whieli previous notice- has
been given, and resolutions for reference to which no ob-
jection is made; and said Ms shall not again be brought
before the House by motions to reconsider.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman to
modify his resolution. He says resolutions to
which no objection is made. Let them all come
ill and stand upon an equal footing.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to allow me to offer a preamble to the
resolution, the purport of which he will see when
it is read.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I cannot yield.
Mr. SEWARD: I rise to a question of order.
The rules cannot be suspended So' as to take in
a mass of business.. If the gentleman has a bill
which he wants action upon, he can move-to have
the rules suspended in order to take up that par-,
ticular bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Georgia. The proposition of the gentleman from
Missouri is to suspend any and all rules of the
House which prevent him from submitting the
resolution; and if two thirds vote in favor of the
resolution, every rule is suspended.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and I desire to say 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m order.
Mr. SEWARD. The other day the Chair al-
lowed great latitude of debate upon an appeal from'
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. That was a question of priv-
ilege. This is a question involving the priority
of business, and under the rules of the House it
is expressly provided that every such question
shall be decided without debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair to a decision made last Congress 
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I calf my col-
league to order. I objcct to debate.
Mr. SEWARD. The objection comes with a
bad grace from my colleague.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to make objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I kn'ow that; and the Chair
has the right to call me to order; and I will sit
down. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to the resolution. Will not
the regular order of business be the calling of
States for bills and resolutions ?
Tiie SPEAKER. Itwillbe; butnolwithstartd-
ing that any gentleman has the right to set it
aside by moving to suspend the rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The effect of the resolu-
tion will be to allow a single member, by object-
ing, to cut off the introduction of a resolution. I
call for tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were then suspended, (two thirds
voting- in favor thereof,) and the resolution was
introduced.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, moved the previous
question upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. JONES* of Tennessee, called for filers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Lovejoy were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 100, noes 29.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and under
its operation the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed to,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
In compliance with the resolution, the Speaker
proceeded to call the several States for bills for
