1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
is no " enabling act." Mr. President, there seems
to be a want of clear understanding of the relation
which the Federal Government sustains to the
Territories. What is an " enabling; act?" Is it
to impart power to the people of a Territory? for
we must remember that a Territory, organized,
constitutes a people. Individuals may live on the
lands belonging to the United States, and yet not
be a people. They are individuals scattered over
the land; but in a technical and appropriate and
governmental sense, whenever they are organized
into a political community, they constitute a peo-
ple. Kansas is a political community and a peo-
ple. What " enabling act" was required to im-
part to them the power to propose a change in
their form of government? What enabling act
can give them more political and inalienable rights
than they already possess ? It would be a sole-
cism, a contradiction. Among the inalienable
rights are " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness, to secure which governments are instituted,
deriving their just powers fromahe consent of the
governed." Who are the "governed?" The peo-
ple of Kansas. From whom, then, will the gov-
ernment of the State of Kansas derive its just
powers? From the "governed," and not from
your " enabling act." Theirpower was inherent,
and all the action of the Federal Government can
give them no additional political power. That
inherent power is incapable of transfer; it is
unchangeable; it is indefeasible; it is original.
-What then ? Does it follow that the people m an
organized or unorganized shape, living in a Ter-
ritory, can set up an independent government
when they please? No; I answer most emphat-
ically, no. They may propose their form of gov-
ernment; they may shape its features; they may
parcel out its powers; they may guard the rights
and interests of the people under the newly pro-
posed government; but they cannot become an
absolute sovereignty; they cannot become an ab-
solute independent State. Why? Because the
Territory belongs to the Federal Government for
theuseof all the States. Nothingbuttheassentof
the Federal Government in some manner, shape,
or form, will ever impart to them independence and
"Sovereignty. The only purpose of an " enabling
ttct" to an organized Territory ought simply to
*be a law of assent. If it is but an unorganized
Territory, and not a "people," Congress then
Ought to throw them into an organic shape, as
'well as give its assent. This will be found to be
the true principle, and ought to be the rule to reg-
ulate the steps of this Government in its dealings
with the Territories. States come into the Union
'by their own will, and with the assent of the Uni-
ted States.
All the power of the Federal Government can-
not create an independent sovereign State. The
power of this Federal Government is not to cre-
ate, but to admit. To " admit" a State, implies
its existence prior to admission. Thus, what is
now ordinarily called an " enabling act," is, to
all intents and purposes, nothing but a law of
assent. The great Federal Government, in which
is vested the sovereignty of the Territory, may
give that assent before or after the organization of
the proposed new government; it is perfectly
optional with the Federal Government to give it
before or after such organization, with this single
difference: when that assent is in the shape of
what is now called an *' enabling act," and when
the people of the Territory have proceeded ac-
cording to the principles of that enabling act, and
created a government, the assent being given, the
Whole sovereignty becomes vested, the independ-
ent State exists, and then if Congress do not
admit it, it is a foreign State in spite of all our
powers. The danger, therefore, is in passing an
enabling act, not in withholding one.
Who is it that does not remember the unfor-
tunate Missouri controversy of 1820? An " en-
abling act," as latterly called, had been passed
for the State of Missouri, in pursuance of which
Missouri formed its constitution and asked for
admission. Some quibbles were raised and some
non-essential points were alleged against its ad-
mission, and Missouri was well-nigh rejected.
All the Republican Senators and members of the
House of Representatives at that day—I use the
term in its old signification, not the.new—said,
 ' the assent of the Federal Government has been
given to the act of Missouri. Missouri had cre-
ated its government in pursuance of an enabling
act, and was, therefore, sovereign and independ-
ent; and if Congress had not admitted Missouri,
that State would have been a legally recognized
foreign government on the west bank of the Mis-
sissippi river."
It is true that the physical power of the Federal
Government might have sent armies and coerced
Missouri into submission, but that -would have
converted it into a subjugated State; Missouri
would not have been, in that ease, a free and in-
dependentState; it Would havemadeit an inferior,
dependent vassal, subservient, and a subordinate
member of the Confederacy. According to the
true principles of the theory of our Government,
whenever congressional assent to sovereignty and
independence are conceded, the people of a Ter-
ritory may act as they please, and it is an inde-
pendent State thereafter. Now, when assent is
not given prior to the time of admission, there is
no danger of that kind of difficulty.
But, Mr. President, is it so important that an
" enabling act" should be passed? The Senator
thinks so, and refers to instances when such acts
were passed. Why, sir, Tennessee, Arkansas,
Michigan, Florida, Iowa, California, Maine, and
Vermont, eight States—new States, not in the
original Confederacy—came into the Union with-
out any enabling act on the part of Congress.
Was Tennessee improperly admitted? It was
recommended by George Washington. The pro-
ceedings that were instituted under Governor
Blount in the then Territory of Tennessee, met
the sanction of the Republicans of that State.
Among the members of the convention, that rev-
olutionary—no, the Senator does not give it that
name—that " iiregular" convention, is found the
name of Andrew Jackson, of Tennessee. He
was one of that "irregular convention;" and
that "irregular convention," formed in part of
General Jackson, made a constitution which was
never submitted to the people, but was sent up to
General Washington, then President of the United
States; and here is the letter that he sent to Con-
gress at the time he submitted the constitution of
Tennessee for their consideration. It will be seen
that it harmonizes well with what President Buch-
anan has said with regard to the constitution of
Kansas:
United States, Jljtil 8, 1796.
Gentlemen of the Senate
and of the House of Representatives:
By an act of Congress passed on Uie 26th of May, 1790, it
was declaied that the inhabitants of the territory of the
United States sourli of the river Ohio should enjoy all the
privileges, benefits, and advantages set forth in the ordi-
nance of Congressfor the government of the territory of the
United States northwest of the river Ohio, and that the gov-
ernment of the said territory south of the Ohio should be
similar to that which was then e.\ercised in the terntory
northwest of the Ohio, except so far as was otherwise pro-
vided in the conditions expressed in an act of Congress
passed the 2d of April, 1790, entitled " An act to accept a
cession of the claims of the State of North Carolina to a
certain distiict of western territory."
Among the privileges, benefits, and advantages thus se-
emed to the inhabitants of the terntory south of the river
Ohio, appear to be the right of forming a permanent consti-
tution and State government, and of admission, as a State,
by its delegates, into the Congress of the United States, on
an equal footing with the original States, in all respects
whatever, when it should have theiein sixty thousand free
inhabitants: provided the constitution and government so
to be formed should be republican, and in conformity to the
principles contained m the articles of the said ordinance.
As proofs of the several requisites to entitle the territory
south of the river Ohio to be admitted, as a State, into the
Union, Governor Blount has transmitted a return of the
enumeration of its inhabitants, and a printed copy of the
constitution and form of government on which they have
agreed, which, withlus letters accompanying the same, are
herewith laid before Congress.
GEO. WASHINGTON.
It contained no special executive recommenda-
tion; and, in that respect,harmonizes most beau-
tifully with the position taken by President Buch-
anan. The Territory thus had an organic form;
it was a people. Without any enabling act they
met, formed a constitution, which was presented
to Congress and approved", and the State admitted
into the Union with as much regularity, with as
much system, with as much order, as has accom-
panied the movements of any Territory and of
any people within the compass of our whole
republic.
How is it with Arkansas? The Senator from
Illinois would have us understand that the move-
ments in Arkansas seemed to meet the disappro-
bation of President Jackson. President Jackson,
who had him self participated in the convention in
Temtessee,'is to be presented to us as though he
condemned the proceedings in Arkansas. An
examination of the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral in that case, will show the distinction, and
make it clear as the noonday sun, unless I am
greatly deceived in regard to the purport of that
opinion:
" In the exercise of this right, the Inhabitants of Arkansas
may peaceably meet together m primary assemblies, or in
conventions chosen by such assembles, for the purpose of
petitioningCongress to abrogate the territorial government,
and to admit them into the Union as gn independent State,
The particular form which they may give to their petition
cannot be materia!, so long as they confine themselves to
the mere right of petitioning, and conduct all their proceed-
ings in a peaceable manner. Arid as tbe power of Congress
over the wfaoie subject is plenary and unlimited, tbey may
accept any constitution, however framed, which in their
judgment meets the sense of the people to be affected by it.
if, therefore, the citizens of Arkansas think proper to ac-
company their petition with a written constitution, framed
and agreed on by their primary assemblies, or by "a conven-
tion of delegates chosen by such assemblies, I pereeive no
legal objection to their power to do so,nor to anymeasures
which may be taken to collect the sense of the people in
respect to it; provided always, that such measures be com-
menced and prosecuted in a peaceable manner, in strict
subordination to the existing territorial government, and in
entire subserviency to the power of Congress to adopt, re-
ject, or disregard thorn, at pleasure. It is, however, very
obvious that all 7/ieusures commenced and prosecuted <z
design to subvert the. territorial government, and to establish
and put in force, in its place, a new government, without the
consent of Congress, vMl be unlawful."
Kansas has never proposed to put in operation
a State government without the consent of Con-
gress. They have formed it in subordination to
the powers of the territorial government. It is
but an emanation of the territorial government;
It is to bo submitted to Congres. If admitted into
the Union, the constitution takes effect as the su-
preme law of that State in subordination to the
Federal Constitution only; but, if not admitted,
they do not propose to set up a separate State gov-
ernment. This, it will be seen, harmonizes with
what I said on the subject of the assent of Con-
gress, to wit: wherever any Territory undertakes
to set up a territorial or State government, in op-
position to Federal authority, it is rebellion. If
the present acting, or claiming to act, Governor
of Utah should undertake to set up a separate
government, we have the undoubted right to refuse
our assent, and to subjugate him to our author-
ity by the force of the military arm of this Gov-
ernment. If the people of Kansas were to under-
take to set up a government in opposition to the
Federal authority, the same power could be ex-
ercised there. But while they do not propose
to interfere -with the Federal Government, nor
to interfere with the territorial government until
the assent of Congress is received, it makes no
kind of difference whatever. This, too, harmo-
nizes with the opinion of the Attorney Genera),
which the honorable Senator from Illinois intro-
duced and read.
There are, therefore, eight States in the Union
that have formed their constitutions without an
enabling act; for two of those States the Senator
from Illinois voted. California had no enabling
act. But the Senator undertakes to show that
though there was no enabling act, yet all the steps
taken by the authorities of California were in sub-
ordination to the local government established
there ; in other words, under General Riley.
Whether that be right or wrong, whether his
reference be correct or incorrect, I shall not stop
to inquire; but this much is true : the action of
the convention in the Territory of Kansas is as
much in subordination to the Federal authority as
was the action in the Territory of California; and
if he could vote for the admission of California,
there can be no reason why he may not vote for
Kansas with the same propriety. If he could
vote for the admission of Florida, there can be no
reason assigned why he may not vote for that of
Kansas. If he could vote for Iowa, there can be
no good reason why he should not vote, under the
same circumstances, for the admission of Kansas.
By his own deed he is estopped; by'his own act
he is forever estopped from alleging, as a neces-
sary prerequisite, an enabling act. The assent of
Congress may be given at any time; either before
or after the formation of a constitution.
There is a peculiar reason for it in the ease of
Kansas. The Louisiana treaty defines and guar-
antees the rights >of-the people living in that Ter-
ritory. The law of Congress, subsequently
passed, made an additional pledge that the people
should have a right to admission at the proper
time. The authors and advocates of the great
