u
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
Kansas-Nebraska act thought it had added to
the rights, or reclaimed the rights, of the people
living in organized Territories. Its framers
thought they had conferred some principles here-
tofore denied to them. If so, under the treaty of
Louisiana, under the law of Congress, under the
Kansas act, the right of the people, whenever
their numbers are sufficient to take preparatory
steps for the formation of a constitution, and pre-
sent it for admission into the Union, is conceded.
They do not present it for approval; they do not
present it in order to have it indorsed. They
present it, if at all, for the sake of being admitted
into the Union. If the constitution is republican,
we may admit them; if it is not republican, we
cannot admit them.
In strict conformity with this doctrine stands
the Democratic platform to which the Senator
referred. It says, in emphatic terms, that the
people of a Territory should, whenever they had
numbers sufficient, procecd to form their State
constitution, and to adopt such institutions as
they should think proper.
But the main objection which the Senator has
presented is, that while we may forego these ob-
jections, there are other reasons why we should
not forego either them or any others. My po-
sition is, that the mere want of an enabling act is
not an objection; that lawful proceedings m an
organized Territory, to form a constitution, are
regular, in conformity to law, in conformity to
usage, and I have presented cases just such as the
Senator has heretofore indorsed and appioved;
and, consequently, they ought not to be consid-
ered m the list of objections that he raises against
the admission of Kansas.
His chief objection, however,seems to be, that
the constitution is not submitted to the people.
On that he dwells; and wherefore? Why, that
the principle of popular sovereignty required the
constitution to be submitted to the people! In
other words, he says that a subsequent vote ought
to have been had in addition to what llie conven-
tion has done, so that the people by subsequent
vote might decide this question of constitution or
no constitution. Mr. President, if, as the Senator
from Illinois says, the Kansas-Nebraska act puts
the slave question where all other questions before
were, then, in order to see what the rights of the
people were under the Kansas act, we have but to
ascertain what their rights were on all other ques-
tions before the Kansas act was passed.
How were they? Is it true that the people do
not act, in any case, unless they meet m mass
meeting?—in a tumultuous assemblage?—or is it
not in harmony with the genius of republican in-
stitutions—is it not in strict conformity with the
Americanism of government that we act through
delegates, through agents, through representa-
tives? The constitution of the Senator's own
State was not submitted to the people of Illinois.
The constitution of his native State, Vermont,
was not submitted to the people of that State;
and yet it is worthy of remark that the constitu-
tion of Vermont uses this language: " We, the
people of the State of Vermont do ordain and es-
tablish." Yet they ordain and establish by their
delegates, by their representatives. So with Illi-
nois. In its constitution the words, " we, the
people," are used; and yet the people never acted
upon it, save through their agents, their delegates
in convention assembled. In the State of Illinois
the constitution says, " all prosecutions shall be
in the name of the people of the State of Illinois,"
not in the name of the State. The pkople stand
us pioseeutors. I believe the first time I ever had
the honor to make the acquaintance of the very
distinguished gentleman was while he presided
on the bench in the city of Q,uincy. Theie was
a prosecution conducted in the name of the peo-
ple of the State of Illinois. Was that prosecution
by the people, m their own proper person ? No;
the people were ably and well represented on the
bench by the distinguished Senator from Illinois;
the people were represented ill the grand jury
room by selections made for their purpose; the
people were represented by the prosecuting attor-
ney, a distinguished gentleman selected for that
purpose. It was all done in the name of the peo-
ple, in behalf of the people, for the people, but
done by the people's agents and representatives.
Mr. President, it is not only so in these in-
stance®, but, as I before remarked, it is the great
•Americanism of government more peculiar in the
United States than anywhere else. The people
act through agents; and I believe it to be a uni-
versal rule of agency, that where there is a gen-
eral power given, the principal isboundbyall the
acts of the agent, unless there be a reservation
of a right of submission to the principal for his
approbation.
How was it with the convention in the Terri-
tory of California ? I have before me a list of
States, showing that Kansas was not peculiar in
this respect. Jl majority of the constitutions of the
Slates forming this Union, were adopted by conven-
tions, and never submitted to the people ! More than
this; the very opinion of the Attorney General,
read by the Senator from Illinois, with reference
to the Arkansas case, (his own authority,) says
the people may, in primary assemblies, or through
delegates chosen by them for that purpose, form
a constitution and send it to Congress for their
consideration.
We have, then, the gentleman's own State, na-
tive and adopted; we have a large majority—the
exact number I will not state—of all the States
of this Union, whose constitutions were formed
by the people, through their agents, and without a
submission of them to a vote of the people; and in
a minority of instances only, have the constitutions
of States been submitted to the people for their
approbation or rejection. More than that; we
have the Senator's own committal in his support
of the Toombs bill at the last Congress. The
Toombs bill was taken by the honorable Sena-
tor, who was then chairman of the Committee on
Territories, pressed by him, and passed through
the Senate. That bill did not contain any clause
requiring the constitution to be submitted to a
vote of the people. The bill which he had first
introduced did contain such a requirement; and
yet, when the two were put side by side and he
was called on to choose between them, he took
that which had 110 such provision m it, thus leav-
ing it for the convention of the Territory to decide
as they might deem proper.
If the Senate of the United States, and if the
father of the Kansas-Nebraska act—if the great
advocate of popular sovereignly could introduce,
support, and cause to be passed, an enabling act
permitting the convention of Kansas to make,
their constitution, and to make it final, to ordain
and establish it without submitting it to the peo-
ple, surely, when the people of ICansas, through
their territorial government, came to acton the
same subject, if they mutated the honorable Sen-
ator, and passed a similar bill, they ought not, to
be held up to public scorn and indignation. They
had an" illustrious predecessor;" they had a very
distinguished example in the person of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, and if they but followed that
example, they ought not to be held up to public
scorn end indignation. I think they acted wisely
in submitting the matter to the convention which
represented the people. It is better for the people
of Kansas to be heard through their representa-
tives than for the people of Illinois to interfere 111
Kansas matters through the able Senator from
that State, or the people of Missouri through my-
self or my colleague.
We have heard much of popular sovereignty
and popular rights, but they seem to be frittered
away and cut down, limb after limb. First you
cut off one, and then another, until you leave
nothing whatever to boast of when you go before
the people of the country and speak of the great
merits of the Kansas-Nebraska act. If you can
tie up the people's hands, and say to them, "You
shall do this,"are you carrying out the principles
of the Kansas act? The act says they may do it
m any manner they please. They did please to
adopt a constitution finally in convention, as did
Tennessee, Illinois, and Vermont. Now it is
gravely proposed that the Senate and House of
Representatives shall say the people of Kansas
did not please to do it in a way which Congress
is pleased to consider right, and, therefore, it shall
be undone, thus trampling underfoot the very
principle which the Senator said had been sanc-
tioned 111 the bill, that they might do as they
please; that they might adopt a constitution in
any manner and form they thought proper; that
they might establish their domestic institutions m
their own way. The express language of the bill
is, " in their own way"—not the way I might ad-
vocate, not the way the Senator from Illinois
! might advocate, not the way the North, or the
South, might like, but the language, the spirit,
the principle, the essence of the bill, is " in their
own way." The people of Kansas have adopted
their own way, and that " way" is in strict con-
formity with the example set when the Senator
from Illinois supported the Toombs bill. It was
to let the convention, as the representatives of the
people, do as they pleased on the subject pre-
sented to them. That convention did as they
pleased on the subject, and now it is formally pro-
posed to revise, reform, remodel, and recast, all
the action that has taken place, although the peo-
ple of Kansas, through their convention, have
done their work only " in their own way." I can
see no consistency in this. But I do see in it a prin-
ciple set up in opposition to what we have been
told was the principle of the Kansas-Nebraska
act.
It has, however, been intimated by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois that the Kansas-Ne-
braska act itself required the constitution to be
submitted to the people of Kansas after its com-
pletion by the convention. On that point, I join
issue. The act makes no such requirement. It
contains no such obligation. On one point, I
confess I did not distinctly understand the posi-
tion of the Senator, and I hope, therefore, he will
not consider me intrusive if I ask Mm how I am
to understand him on the subject of the Govern-
or's interference in regard to submission or non-
submission of the constitution?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I declined to discuss that,
because the Governor had acted under the instruc-
tions of the President.
Mr. GREEN. Then I understand the Senator
as taking 110 position on the point, whether the
executive of the Territory did right or wrong
when he proposed that the whole constitution
should be submitted. My view is, that, if he
says the Governor did right, it conflicts with the
principles of the Kansas-Nebraska act, and lets
the agent of the Federal Government interfere to
do what he said the people of the Territory might,
uninfluenced, and of right, do "in their oi$n way."
If the Senator says thcGovernordid wrong; if the
Senator says the Governor of the Territory had
no right to advise on this point, that is an admis-
sion that, the Governor's conduct is not justified
by the provisions of the Kansas-Nebraska act.
Because, if that act required the submission of
the constitution to a fair and uninfluenced popular
vote, it was the official duty of the Executive to
see that part of the bill, like every other, exe-
cuted and carried out. Here is a dilemma, and I
leave the Senator to take either horn. If he says
the Governor did right, he permits a Federal func-
tionary to dictate to the people, when the language
of the act is, that they may act in their own way.
If he says the Governor did wrong, it is an ad-
mission that the act did not require the submis-
sion of the constitution.
But we are told that the people have been de-
ceived in this matter; that pledges and promises
were made to the people of Kansas which have
been broken and violated. Oil questions of fact,
about which there is great controversy, and upon
which we have no evidence, I do not deem it
proper to dwell at all. Who made tho pledges
alluded to, and to what extent were they made?
1 apprehend it will be found that the Senator from
Illinois is mistaken on this point. That an indi-
vidual pledge in favor of submission may have
been made I do not pretend to controvert; but
that it was general, or very extended, I wholly
deny. We have no evidence of it. Itistruethat
Mr. Stanton, who was acting Governor of the
Territory before Mr. Walker arrived, made use
of this language.
Mr. DOUGLAS. From what book is the
Senator about to read ?
Mr. GREEN. From the " Political Text-
Book," a compilation by Mr. Cluskcy.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is a private book.
Mr. GREEN. Yes; it is not a public docu-
ment. The correspondence and proclamations
have not yet been oflcially printed; but I suppose
the genuineness of what I am about to read will
not be controverted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 presume not.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. Stanton, before the people
had voted for delegates to the convention, used
this language, in speaking of the act providing for
the convention:
" In this light the act must be allowed to have provided
