APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clark.
Senate.
South Carolina [Mr. Hammond] in his soat, be-
cause I shall have occasion, in this part of ray
argument,to take notice of some suggestions which
he threw out upon this subject. I objectto slave
labor, because you seek thereby to degrade and
vilify free labor. Your slave labor, in your own
eyes, is disgraceful. You seek to bring it in con--
tact with free labor, and thereby degrade free
labor. I object to that. I come from a section
of the country where labor is respectable. I come
from a section of the country where labor is hon-
orable. I come from a section of the country
where labor is dignified; where we seek to make
it honorable; where we seek to make it respect-
able; where we seek to make it dignified; and
when the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina, as he did the other day, gctsup in his place,
and says your white laborers are essentially
slaves, or, as he afterwards modified it, " your
hireling laborers and your operatives, are essen-
tially slaves;" I desire, in the Senate house of the
United States, to protest against it. Nine tenths
of all my people are working men; they are the
men who cultivate their farms; they are the men
who work in mechanic shops; they are the men
■who are at the various trades; they arc the men
and the women in the mills who are called opera-
tives; and when the honorable Senator says that
they are essentially slaves, with all due respect,
but with firmness in the truth of what I say, 1
tell him he states what is not true—not in any of-
fensive sense, but because he does not under-
stand my people so well as I do. I dare say he
honestly thinks what ho says. I accord to him
that merit; but what 1 want to impress upon his
mind is, that he is entirely mistaken in regard to
our laborers. They are in 110 sense slaves. I
grant you some of them are poor; but does pov-
erty make a man a slave ? Then some of the no-
blest men the nation ever had have been slaves.
Why, sir, in my country, a large portion of the
husbandmen cultivate their own few acres; they
raise their corn; they raise their potatoes; they
raise their wheat, their rye, their oats, and grass;
they take them to market and sell them; they are
the product of their labor. J t is in some sort hire-
ling labor; but 1 would like to ask the honorable
Senator from South Carolina if he intends to call
the agricultural people of my State slaves?
I know, Mr. President, that my people are poor.
There is the State of New Hampshire, God bless
lier! She has not a bed of iron ore in her whole
territory; she has not a bed of coal; she has not
a mine of copper; she lias not a mine of zinc; she
has a poor agricultural soil; she has water power;
[ihe has free hands and free hearts; and there is
not a people 111 the Union more attached to the
Union, and who live more comfortably and more
happily, than that same people in New Hamp-
shire; and I do not wish to hear them called
slaves. They are in 110 sense slaves. Why, you
can sell your slave. Go and attempt to sell one
of those freemen, and what would he the result?
You can compel your slave to labor. Go and try
to compel one of my countrymen to labor, it'you 1
can. You can take from your slave his liberty.
Go and take from my countrymen their liberty,
if you please—try it. You can feed your slave
as you choose. Go and administer food to the
laborer of ihe North. You can clothe your slave
as you choose; but the laborer of the North will
say, 1 can clothe myself; I can feed myself; I am
master of myself. You say In: is a slave because
he is poor, because he is obliged to labor. Is that
it? Yes, sir; but he can labor where he pleases,
where he can find work, and when he pleases;
-and he eau buy what food he pleases, what cloth-
m,™ he pleases; and is, in every sense, a freeman.
I am satisfied, Mr. President, that the honor-
able Senator has mistaken the condition of that
people. I do not know but that he has been there;
out I feel very sure that he has not. I am very
certain he would not have said what he did, if lie
had been there; and 1 am very certain, if he were
to go there now, he would find a great many
things very different from what he anticipates.
Why, sir, he says: " Your operatives are essen-
tially slaves." 1 come directly from a city where
there are ten thousand of those operatives about
me. I know their condition; I know their habits;
1 know their mode of living; I know their mode
of thought. I know that some of these opera-
tives lease their farms, and leave them behind
them; they come from neighboring towns, and go
into the mills. They work as operatives because
they can make more money at it. They hire their
labor; but are they slaves? Why, they can buy
as good a dinner as the gentleman from South
Carolina, and as good a hat or as good a coat,
and supply their wants as well. In what sense
are they slaves ? Perhaps the gentleman can tell
me.
Mr. HAMMOND. I have already said that,
on some future occasion, I will answer the re-
marks of those gentlemen who have taken excep-
tions to what I said a few days ago. I do not
choose to do so now. I only wish to say, that
the Senator from New Hampshire himself knows
that he is depicting a state of things that does not
exist. They do not get work when they want it,
and a large portion of them cannot get a dinner
when they want it.
Mr. CLARK. I will not tell the gentleman
that what he says is entirely wrong; but I will
tell him that, if he will go into my country, he
will find that ninety-nine out of every hundred of
them can not only get a dinner when they want
it, but would give him a dinner when he wants
one, and would be glad to do it. The gentleman
asked how we would like to have missionaries
sent into every quarter of our country. I would
say to the honorable gentleman that 1 would have
110 objection to them. I would like to have him
go there, and see for himself, and he would find
that what I state is true; I know it to be true; but
if he does go there, he had better be careful of
one thing; and that is, not to talk about "the
mud-sills of society" to them; because, if he does,
I am sure that about five feet ten inches—if that
is the Senator's height—of mud-sill would be made
of southern timber.
Now, Mr. President, it is this same sort of feel-
ing that is engendered in the slave States against
the North and free labor that makes me so much
opposed to the institution of slavery going into
Kansas. Let slavery go into Kansas, and exist
there as it does 111 South Carolina, and how long
would it be before our free people would go there
and settle ? They have been told they were white
slaves—essentially so; that they are the mud-sills
of society, and that cotton is king. Cotton king,
sir! Cotton cannot make a hat; and these men,
who rise and boast about cotton could not get a
hat, if they did not buy it. Cotton does not make
shoes; cotton does not make pantaloons; cotton
does not make a coat. You can buy those arti-
cles; but free labor can make a hat, shoes, panta-
loons, or a coat. Your cotton, king! So said the
gentleman from South Carolina; so said the Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy.] Cotton is
king! It rules the world ! Sir, there is another
king there besides cotton: humbug is king!
Mr. President, I have sometimes been in the op-
posite end of the Capitol, and gone into that new
Hall of Representatives, which is entirely cut off
from the air by all the rooms around ft. Not a
breath can come from windows, because there are
none opening into the Hall. 1 have then gone down
below, and seen a steam-engine and blower, with
which they were pumping it up, and we hear the
air passing up to those regions; and I have some-
times wondered, if steam-engines were invented
when God made the world, whether He would not
have ventilated it with a steam-engine; whether
He would not have put the world in aniron shell,
with a hard case, and fixed outside a big steam-
engine to pump air into it. When I heard the
gentleman the other day say that cotton was king,
and that England would topple down if you did
not raise cotton, I could not help thinking if cotton
had been grown at the time the Lord created the
world, whether He would not have made the world
of cotton. I want to ask the honorable gentleman
how the world sot along without it? They got
alongup to the Christian era without cotton, and for
some sixteen hundred years afterwards. How
did the world get along without cotton ? Does
anybody know ? Can anybody tell? I have no
fault to find with the South, except that I wish
they would treat my people with courtesy, and
that they would not stand up here m the Senate
and call them slaves.
Mr. President, pardon me a moment while I
relate an incident: and the gentleman will see
why we have some feeling on this subject. In
the years 1776 and 1777, there lived in my State
a young blacksmith, some sixteen or seventeen
years of age. He got his living by pounding it
out on the anvil with a strong arm. His country
needed his services. New Hampshire wanted to
supply her quota of troops. He was drafted, and
he went. He was at the battle with Burgoyne.
When his time was out, he returned to his native
State. He went to the anvil again, upon the banks
of the Merrimac. He hired out his labor; he was
one of those whom the gentleman calls slaves, if
any of them are. He hired out his labor to his
neighbors; he made for them nails; he made for
them plowshares; he made for them everything
that they wanted. When he got back from the
war, the State of New Hampshire owed him some
money for his service. His father said to him,
" Benny, the State of New Hampshire is poor;
the country is poor; do not call upon the State to
pay you now; let it be; the country is illy able to
pay it; give your service to your country." He
did not call for that pay: he never called for it.
His children after him never called for that pay.
There it stands now, in the capital of New Hamp-
shire, so many pounds, so many shillings, and so
many pence, due to that humble blacksmith. Hit>
children will not come here or go anywhere else
to call for that pay. They would rather have the
record there that that father gave that pittance to
the State in poverty and necessity, rather than to
have all the goodly stones of your Capitol; and
yet it is the fortune of the son of that poor black-
smith to come into the Senate and hear the Sen-
ator from South Carolina call his father a slave!
I did not think it would have been done. God
knows, when I heard it tears ran down my cheeks
that he should be so vilified and abused, and I
sit here to hear it. To Benjamin Clark, upon the
record, stands the sum he earned and gave to his
country; and now, when his son comes into the
Capitol of this same nation, which he fought to
make free, a Senator stands up and calls him a
slave ! I did not think I should have lived to have
heard it.
Why, Mr. President, there are in my own
State, a great many excellent young women who
work in the mills there. I suppose the gentleman
calls them slaves. Nowletme tell you what I have
known to be done time and again. I have known
the father of a family, from illhabits, or some other
reasons, become impoverished. I have known the
farm to get mortgaged. I have known that father
to have daughters, and I have known those daugh-
ters to go to the mills. I have known them by
thrift, prudence, and saving, accumulate money
enough to leave that farm unmortgaged, give it
back to the father and mother, make a happy
home again, and then to contribute to educate
their brothers or sisters. I have known many of
those honorable young women. The gentleman
says they are slaves. They earned not only
enough to clothe and to feed themselves, but
enough to educate themselves, and to fit them-
selves to adorn some of the highest stations of life.
Mr. President, I have another wonderful inci-
dent which I should like to relate. You all know
the name to which I shall allude, and I want to
know if the honorable gentleman would call him
a slave. There was a poor man once lived m my
neighborhood. He cultivated a poorfarm on the
banks of the Merrimac; he lived by his hands.
He lived by his labor in the field; he had no me-
nial servants. When the summer and seed time
came, he went into the field and planted; but when
the country needed his services, those services
were at her call. I speak now of the hero of
Bennington, of the late Genehil Stark, who lived
close by my home; who was buried by the side
of tile Merrimac. He was a laborer all his days.
He was a man who fought for his country's lib-
erty with Rogers in the Ranger, and at Bunker
Hill, and at Bennington, and yet he is to be called
a slave. I have a higher example still, of a little
printer's boy, who was born in Boston. He left
his father and went to Philadelphia. He hired
out his services. Was he a slave ? Why, sir,
he began by running away from Boston, and he
ended by making the lightning come from the
clouds at his bidding; and he was a slave!
Now, sir, I only ask the honorable Senator
fiom South Carolina, before he uses these terms
