2154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
order. I have made a motion to discharge the
gentleman from South Carolina, and I am speak-
ing to that motion.
Mr. MORGAN. He does not want to be dis-
charged without paying the fees.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot help that; it
is the right of the House to discharge the gentle-
man from South Carolina, nohns volens, whether
he vyishes to pay his money to the Sergeant-at-
Arms or not, and I am speaking to that question.
I say that I do not understand that we are a school
of boys, and that we are to be flogged for our ab-
sence in order to insure our attendance in future.
I suppose that the object of the call is to get a
quorum to do business; and if it is not the inten-
tion to proceed to business to-night, but only to
bring in Mr. A, B, and C, and then suspend the
call, I am opposed to it.
Mr. WINSLOW. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman is taking too wide a latitude in his re-
marks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not intend to get
out of order, but I am not familiar with the rules
of the House or with parliamentary proceedings.
We are told that, owing to the short time that is
left for the business of the session 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is not
in order.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Well, sir, I was only
going to say that I do not think this spasmodic
attachment and devotion to the business of the
House is going to forward the business of the
country.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman's remarks are not in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think if gentlemen
will taik less and woik here iivt; or six hours a
day, we <*an do all the necessary business of the
country by the 7th of June. I now withdraw my
motion.
Mr. LE1TER I move that Mr. Boniiam he
discharged from custody on payment of the fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I have but a
single word to say. The gentleman from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Taylor] insisted that the Sergeant-at-
Arms should fiist make a return 
Mi. EARNS WORTH. I rise to a question of
order. I would inqun c what question is before
the House3
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
submitted the following resolution:
Ri^olvcd, That the Peigcant-at~Arnis take into custody
the iwmbi-js now absent without leave, and ha\e them at
the It.u of ilit* Ilou-e jo moiinu ai eleven o'clock, a. ni.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would ask if that
would not have the ellrct of dispensing with all
fu  ther proceedings under the call ?
TiieSPEAKER. The Chair isof opinion that
the resolution is no? in order.
Mr. WASMUtTRN. of Maine. Would it he
in order to move to take a iccess? But I would
ask, in the first place, whether there is a quorum
present r
The SPEAKER. There are one hundred
and seventeen members present, if we have lost
none while we have been gathering them to-
g«i!n-r.
The Chair has been examining the question
which the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Stanton]
preserved to the Chair an hour or two since. The
Chair Cfiine to the conclusion, upon reference to
Cushmg's Manual, that the resolution of the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio was perhaps in order. But
upon an examination of the Journals, the Chair
finds that the veiy case that is referred to as a
precedent is as follows: Mr. McKay, of North
Carolina, offered a resolution almost the same in
terms, and eei tamiy the same in substance, <is the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio. Here it
is:
u7IrsolrcL That all the members now ai^ent, except such
as luvfi In en excused, he requited, at the meeting of tue
Hmw on to niouovv morning, to yive excuse-, loi iheirab-
pphcc; at tin; time; and if • hall he. tin1 dutv of the <*lerk to
enter their naues on the Journal lor that put pose."
The Speaker decided that the, resolution was
out of order. Mr. Ashmun, of Massachusetts,
took an appeal from tiie decision of the Chair,
and the decision of the Speaker was overruled by
the House. The resolution was entertained and
adopted by the House. On the next morning a
motion was uuide to reconsider the vote overrul-
ing the decision of the Chair. It was reconsid-
ered, and then Mr. Ashmun withdrew his appeal,
and the resolution of Mr. McKay, having been
decided out of order, was not before the House.
Thus, the very precedent referred to in Cushing's
Law and Practice of Pailiamcntary Bodies seems
to point conclusively to the fact that, upon an ad-
journment of the House, all proceedings in ref-
erence to this call must cease.
Mr. STANTON. If I understand the prece-
dent read by the Chair, it seems to me that the
construction is the other way. The Speaker held
the resolution not in order. That decision was
reversed the following day; and then the vote re-
versing it was reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. The appeal was withdrawn
by Mr. Ashmun, and the resolution was declared
then not to be before the House.
Mr. STANTON. So I understand it; but the
opinion of the House was, on a direct vote, that
the decision of the Chair was wrong. The decision
of the Chair was reversed, and the resolution de-
clared to be in order; but the question was evaded
by the withdrawal of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The House reconsidered the
vote by which it reversed the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. STANTON. The House reconsidered it;
but that is not a vote affirmatively on the ques-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
who took the appeal was satisfied, and withdrew
it.
Mr. GARNETT. If the Chair has decided
that, I wish to raise a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided the
question.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Speaker, nearly every
gentleman who has come here and excused him-
self, has stated that he came voluntarily and with-
out arrest by the Sergeant-at-Arms. My friends
from South Carolina, [Messrs. Miles and Bon-
ham,] who have just come, have made that state-
ment; so has the gentleman from Florida, [Mr.
Hawkins.] . Yet, sir, they were at their usual
places of residence. No messenger, no deputy
Sergeant-at-Arms, had been sent for them.
Mr. CURTIS. I was not at my quarters.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 did not make any allusion
to the gentleman from Iowa. I did not know any-
thing of his case.
Mr. BONHAM. My colleague and myself
were not at our quarters all the time, but we were
there until seven or eight o'clock.
Mr. GARNETT. I know that they were at
dinner, for i board in the same house with them.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Atkins]
was not arrested. It Jft the same case with a num-
ber of gentlemen round me. I think, then, as a
question of privilege, that when we order our
Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest those men who have
not answeied to their names, and he has arrested
scarcely one of them, we have a right to know
what ho and his deputies are doing. I am told by
the gentleman from North Carolina that one of
these deputies informed a member of the House,
who was at the theater, that the House was in
session, and had ordered his presence, and that
the member positively refused to come with him.
The deputy, I say, acted m defiance of the order
of the House in not arresting that member. He
refused to give to the gentleman from North Car-
olina the member's name. I think that when the
House orders the arrest of absent members, it is
due to its own dignity that it shall compel its offi-
cers to moke some return. We should not be kept
here all ni?ht waiting for chance and the conve-
nience of dilferentgentlemen, when they have fin-
ished their avocation of businessor pleasure, with
no arrests made, and no Sergeant-at-Arms, or
deputy {Serjeant-at-Arms proceeding in the dis-
charge of his duty. My question of privilege
is, that werequne the Sergeant-at-Arms to make
some return of what he has done, and what he is
dome:.
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms has
been making returns from time to time himself,
and by his deputy more recently. In justice to
the Ser^eant-at-Arm--', the Chair will say that im-
mediately the order was given, he dispatched dep-
uties to the different boarding-houses of the city;
subsequently he went himself, and the Chair soon
expects him back.
Mr. GARNETT. I have not the slightest idea
who was the gentleman at the theater, to whojm I
have referred. I know that the Sergeant-at-Arms
has been acting through his deputies; but, as
every gentleman who comes in says that he has
not been arrested, the question naturally arises,
what have these deputies done? We have a right
to have a return of the facts.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER,. I am under the impres-
sion that there have been a good many arrests.
Mr. GARNETT. Only at the door.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is to be pre-
sumed that the Sergeant-at-Arms has been in the
discharge of his duty. He has reported here from
time to time that he had in custody various mem-
bers of this House, and it matters not whether he
found them at the theater, the hotels, or at the
door of this House. -They could not get in until
the door was opened, and when they made their
appearance there he took them into custody, and
reported them to the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The rules of the House have
been rigidly enforced on my colleague; and I
would ask whether this debate is on any-pending
proposition ?
The SPEAKER. There is no proposition
pending.
Mr. READY. ^ I wish to make a motion; but,
before doing so, I wish to make a remark. I am
satisfied that a misapprehension prevails in the
House in regard to the course which ought to be
pursued in reference to the adjournment. I have
heard it stated all round me—it has been publicly
stated by a number of members—that it would be
unjust to those gentlemen who have been arrest-
ed, arraigned, and discharged, for the House to
adjourn until the otherabsentees have been treated
in the same way. I wish to assure those gentle-
men that the members who have been arrested,
so far as I have been able to ascertain their feel-
ings in reference to the matter, will not feel them-
selves in the least aggrieved if the House should
now adjourn without bringing in any other ab-
sentees. It is now past ten o'clock, and 1 believe
the time has come when the House ought to ad-
journ. I make that motion.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, and
announced that, in obedience to the order of the
House, Messrs. J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones,
Landy, Aiil, Gillis, Phillips, and Leidy, were
within the bar.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to what I suppose to
be a privileged question. In compliance with a
vote of the House, my colleague [Mr. White]
and myself were excused from attendance for two
or three hours. We are now here; and thanking
the House for its kindness, report ourselves ready
for duty.
The SPEAKER. Mr. J, Glancy Jones, you
have been arrested and brought to the bar of the
House for absenting yourself from its sittings
without its permission. What excuse have you
to make ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. During this entire
session, I have been present at all the daily ses-
sions of the House, and have ever been m favor
of proceeding with the public business as long as
it was proper for us to remain here. I remained
here until five o'clock this afternoon in the dis-
charge of my duty. At five o 'clock the vote was
taken on the adjournment, and I was informed
by the Clerk of the House that it was carried by
six majority; and I left the House under the im-
pression that the House had adjourned. As soon
as I was informed that my presence was desired
here, 1 presented myself at the earliestconvenient
opportunity.
Mr. MORGAN. I would like to have the rule
read to the gentleman, so that he may know how
to determine when the House has adiourned.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. And 1 would say
further, that I would be very happy to remain
here so long as a quorum will remain here to
transact business.
Mr. HOWARD. In consideration of the former
good conduct of the illustrious chairman of my
committee, I move he be excused on the payment
of costs.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will cheerfully
pay the costs if my colleague will strike out the
word " former."
Mr. HUGHES. I must have some informa-
tion in regard to the facts of the case, before I can
vote for the motion of the gentleman frpm Mich-
igan. I have objected to the gentleman who is
