1858.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Green.
Senate.
again towards the people whom I represent, to go
and see them. I will be bound that they will treat
him kindly; I will be bound, if he will come and
give them the opportunity of showing him how
they live, what is their condition, and how happy
they are in their homes, that they will forgive
him what they might almost consider an insult,
and set it down to the fact that he did not know
them better.
But the gentleman says they vote; they hold
your power. They do vote; and they do hold the
power. They put their men into office when they
are fitted for it; and I will tell the honorable gen-
tleman that there are no class of people that can
hold power more safely, no class of people who
will exercise the power more securely; and if your
institutions are never overturned until these la-
boring men overturn them, they will exist for a
great length of time.
Why, Mr. President, history is full of remi-
niscences on this subject of laboring men. I have
said I come from a poor State. I mean a State
poor in resources. She has, thank God, given
the world some men. She has free hearts, free
heads, and free hands in abundance. She is poor
in some respects. Poor as she was, when you
wanted a ninth State to adopt the Constitution,
that poor State of New Hampshire was that ninth.
These laboring men, who it is said are essentially
slaves, were the same then as now. Those labor-
ing men are the men who enabled you to adopt
the Constitution; and now you turn round, and
vilify them as slaves ! Mr. President, it ought
not to be sq. I wish it were not so; but such is
the issue upon us, and I am disposed to meet it
calmly, to meet it quietly, and to meet it determ-
inedly.
Mr. GREEN. I merely wish to ask the Sen-
ator whether, at the time that the Constitution of
the United States was adopted by the State of
New Hampshire, they did not hold slaves in the
State of New Hampshire ?
Mr. CLARK. I am not aware that they did
hold a single slave; but if they did, it would not
make any difference at all. I am not aware that
they did. I have searched our statute-books, I
have searched our records, and I have not been
able to find the first provision in regard to slaves.
I should like to ask the honorable Senator from
Missouri if he knows whether they did or not?
I say I have never been able to find any provision
in regard to the subject of slaves. I know that
slaves have been held in the province. There is
no doubt of that. I will tell the honorable Sena-
tor how I know it, but I want him to answer if
he knows that there were slaves there.
Mr. GREEN. Not by personal knowledge. I
only know from history that there were slaves
there.
Where is the history, and what
Mr. CLARK,
is it?
Mr. GREEN.
Mr. CLARK.
Mr. GREEN.
I think I can show it.
I wish you would.
At the time of the separation
from Massachusetts of the province of New
Hampshire, and at the time of the State organi-
zation, there were some slaves in the limits of its
borders.
Mr. CLARK. When was it separated from
Massachusetts ?
Mr. GREEN. Before the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. CLARK. At what time ?
Mr. GREEN. I do not recollect the date.
Mr. CLARK. Nor I cither.
Sir. GREEN. Then there is no difference be-
tween us.
Mr. CLARK. There is a difference about the
date. New Hampshire never was a part of Mas-
sachusetts. Maine was taken from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. GREEN. Maine was a territory attached.
Mr. CLARK. To what ?
Mr. GREEN. To Massachusetts.
Mr. CLARK. That is not New Hampshire.
New Hampshire existed as a province under the
King.
Mr. GREEN. It had a separate charter under
the King, but I can show what I state.
Mr. CHANDLER.. You are mistaken.
Mr. CLARK. If you show it, I will give in.
Mr. GREEN. Very well.
Mr. CLARK. 1 have read history to very little !
purpose if it is so. Now, I want to tell the Sen- [
ator what I do know in reference to slavery in
New Hampshire. I happened to be engaged,
some years ago, and not so long ago, in a suit in ;
regard to the incorporation of a town—whether
Hooksett was incorporated. It involved a great
deal of history and research. I wentinto the his-
tory of the town, and of the neighboring towns;
and in the town of Hooksett found a bill of sale
of a little negro girl, agood many years before the
province became a State. That is all the trace I
could find of slavery in that province. It may
have been there; I think I have heard, as the gen-
tleman says, that slavery some time existed there.
I have searched the laws of the province; I have
searched the State laws; and I cannot find any
statute law recognizing it; I cannot find any de-
cision of courts upon it; I cannot find any law
abolishing it, and I am sure it is not there now.
That is all I can say in regard to it.
Mr. President, I am opposed to this constitu-
tion because it admits slavery. I am opposed to
it upon another ground. I am opposed to it be-
cause it excludes the free negro from the State.
It says that a free negro shall not be permitted to
live in Kansas. Now, I want to know why ? I
want to know if the exclusion is not an invidious
one? We have free negroes in the United States.
The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Kewnedy,]
whom I do not now see in his seat, yesterday told
us that there were forty thousand free negroes in
Maryland. Now, if they are a burden to Mary-
land, Maryland would like to have them go out
of her State; but if every other State should pro-
hibit a free negro from living within her border,
then they could not go out of Maryland. Why
should one State be compelled to bear the burden, i
if free negroes are a burden, and Kansas not take |
her share ? 1 hold that the free negro is as much !
entitled to live in one part of the country as an-
other. I hold that it is not proper for the Con-
gress of the United States, breathing life into this
Lecompton constitution, to say it is not proper, it
is not desirable, it is not an exercise of sound dis-
cretion, for the Congress of the United States to
say that the free negro shall not live in Kansas.
I object to this provision in the constitution of
Kansas, which excludes from it the free negro. I
say that the negro has a right to a portion of this
common earth. You have no right to exclude
him from his portion of the common earth. Do
you tell him that be came from Africa, and if he
wants his portion of the common earth to go back
to Africa? Then I tell you, you came from Eng-
land, or your ancestors did, and if you want your
portion of the common earth go back to England.
It is the law of the strongest that enables you to
control. It is not the law of justice; it is not the
law of equality; and I say it is the insolence and
arrogance of slavery that demands that you should
cxclude the free negro.
Mr. President, T wish some gentleman on the
other side of the House to answer me this ques-
tion: By the provision of the constitution of
Kansas a free negro cannot live in the State.
Suppose that the sovereign people of Kansas (and
you say they may alter their constitution and
may emancipate their slaves under certain con-
ditions) should say that after 1870 every negro
child born should be free; suppose that at the very
session of the Legislature after th-^y were admit- i
ted as a State they should declare that after the '
year 1870 every negro child born there should be ;
free, with a view to emancipation; your consti- j
tution stands, and a negro child is born free; j
what are you going to do with it? What can you !
do with it? Carry it out of the Territory ? But!
its mother lives in the Territory. If you carry it i
out you endanger its life; you sunder the tics I
between mother and child; you are driven to the j
necessity of taking the infant child and hastening |
it out of the Territory, or else you cannot carry |
on the work of gradual emancipation. Such a [
plan as this perhaps may be the easiest way in !
which emancipation can be done. Mr. President, I
do you think that is desirable? Does anybody
think that it is desirable that there should be such
a provision forced upon that State ?
If Senators will allow me, I wish now to touch
upon another topic in this Chamber, all unused
as Senators may be to hear it; but I am notgoing
to pass it. I wish the Senate to give me its at-
tention. It may bo that what I say may not be
of much importance; but I am going to speak
upon a subject which, I think, every member of
the Senate will say is of importance. I know that
what I have to say 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow ma to
interrupt him ?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. GREE-N. I merely wish to call his atten-
tion to the fact—it is a mere question of fact—
that, in 1790, in the State of New Hampshire,
there were one hundred and fifty-eight slaves re-
turned by the census.
Mr. CLARK. Where do you find it?
Mr. GREEN. In the census report, page 82.
Mr. CLARK. Will you be kind enough to
furnish me the report? It may give me some in-
formation.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly. It was merely to
that question of fact that I wanted to call your
attention.
Mr. CLARK. I see it so set down, and I do not
know but that it may be correct. I can only state,
as I have stated, that I have not examined the
census returns, but I have examined its legisla-
tion, its history, and its laws, tOisee if there was
any provision in regard to slaves in New Hamp-
shire, and I have not found any. If there were
slaves there, they were there by sufferance, with-
out any law regulating the subject that I am aware
of, and without any provision on the statute-
book, or any decisions of a court allowing them
to be there.
But, sir, if they were there I can only rejoico
that they are not there now. I hope the time will
come when every State that has them will find
some way to be relieved of them if they choose,
and I could wish that they should be relieved of
them; that is, those who wish to be. I want it to
be understood distinctly, in all that I have said,
that I do not claim the right to go into Maryland,
Delaware, Virginia, North Carolina-, or any other
of the slave States, and meddle with slavery there.
I only claim that when we inaugurate anew State,
when it comes into the Union, and when I think
that we have some power in this matter, we
should be permitted to use it for the good of the
country. 1 do not know but that I might appeal
to the Senator from Missouri to answer me, if he
does not think that Missouri would be better
without slaves if she could get rid of them. I
will not ask the question. It may be unpleasant.
Mr. GREEN. Not in the least. Ask me? '
Mr. CLARK. No, no. I will now take my
tea, as it has just come in. I am sorry to have
to be obliged to do it, but I cannot help it.
[The honorable Senator had been furnished wilh
tea and sand wiches, of which he proceeded to make
a fitting disposition.]
Mr. GREEN. While the Senator is at tea, I
will answer that question if he desires it.
Mr. CLARK. I will yield the floor, while I
take my tea, to the Senator.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to make a remaik in re-
gard to the question which the Senator proposed
to me.
Mr. CLARK. Very well. Get up a little
social chat, while at tea. [Laughter.]
Mr. GREEN. This will be a tea-chat. I do
not believe the interests of Missouri would be pro-
moted by prohibiting or abolishing slavery in
that State. That is my opinion. The Senator
asked me for my opinion. I give it. I believe
very serious injury to the blacks would result
from it. They are not Africans now. They are
decendants of Africans. It would seriously harm
them. It would seriously harm the owners. It
would seriously harm the production of the State.
Their labor is employed in the production of hemp
and tobacco, and it yields a profit almost equal,
in my opinion, to the profit on the production of"
cotton and sugar. They are well cared for and
well provided for in youth, m middle as;e, and
old age. They have a guardian and protector
from the cradle to the grave. Their labor in the
intermediate period well remunerates the master,
whose powerful intellect controls and directs the
muscular energy of the black, who has not the
intellect and the forecast to provide for himself.
That is my answer to the question. If the Sen-
ator has not finished his tea, I will speak again.
