1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for a full and fair expression of the will of the people through
the delegates who may be chosen to represent them in the
constitutional convention."
Here, before the members of the convention
were elected, the idea of the acting Governor is
promulgated to the people, that they have a full
and fair opportunity to speak through the conven-
vention. What else ?
" I do not doubt, however, that, in order to avoid all pre-
text for resistance to the peaceful operation of tins law"—
Not because there is any obligation to do so,
but to avoid all pretext for complaint—
" the convention itself will, in some form, provide for sub-
mitting the great distracting question regarding their social
institution, which has so Ion? agitated the people of Kansas,
to a fair vote of all the actual bona fide residents of the Terri-
tory, with every possible security against fraud and violence.
If the constitution be thu^ framed, and the question of Uiiler-
ence thus submitted to the decision of the people"—
That is, if the slavery question be submitted to
the people—
" I believe that Kansas will be admitted by Congress with
out delay as one of the sovereign States of the American
Union; and the territorial authorities will be immediately
withdrawn."
Now we see what was the understanding of
the people before the election of the convention,
k was this: the people can be heard through del-
egates if they choose; now is the time for them :
to exert their power; if you have any preferences
on the subject, come up and vote; " but, "says the
acting Governor, " as a mere question of policy,
to avoid all pretext of complaint, let the slavery
question be submitted to a separate vote." Gov-
ernor Walker is a little broader in his language,
but he substantially takes the same position.
There seems to be in the mind of Governor
Walker a confusion of ideas. He does not seem
to apprehend that they could have a separation !
of the slave question from the body of the con-
stitution. The policy or propriety of this sepa-
ration is not a matter for me to consider. It is a
master for the consideration of the people of Kan-
sas, who have the power to settle all these ques-
tions " in their own way," and I am the last who
would trample under foot that principle which
has been so much lauded by the honorable Sen- j
ator from Illinois. While the Governor has the j
confusion of ideas of which I have spoken, it is
very manifest that his whole attention was directed ;
to the slavery question as the proper matter for !
submission to the people. Before the election of ,
delegates took place he arrived in the Territory, j
and published his inaugural address, in which, ;
talking to the whole people of Kansas, he said: j
"You should not console yourselves, niy fellow-citizens, j
with the leflection that yon may, by a sub-equcnt vote,
defeat the latifieation of the constitution Although most |
anxious to seeuie to you the exeieise of that great eonsti- :
tutional right"— j
He does not say it is a legal right emanating ,
from the Iiansas-Ncbraska act, but a constitu- j
tional right. I should like to have him, or any
other man, show me the clause of any constitu-
tion, State or Federal, that requires the people of
a new Territory, in forming the first constitution
under which they act, to submit it, or even any
part of it, to a subsequent vote of the people— i
" and believing that the convention is the servant and ;
not the master of the people, yet X have nopowei todictate I
tlie proceedings of that body." j
They were acting under a law which said the 1
people might settle all these questions in their
own way. The Governor adds :
"I cannot doubt, however, the'course they will adopt
on this subject. But why incur the hazard of the preliminary
formation of a constitution by a minonty, as alleged by you,
when a majority, by their own votes, could control the
forming of that instrumentS"
This shows that he did not regard it as a fixed
fact that the law, or any other power, could induce
the convention, necessarily, to submit the consti-
tution to a popular vote. His argument was ad-
visory. Addressing those who were disposed to
; keep aloof, he says to them, " If you have the ma-
' jority why not go to the polls, secure the conven-
tion, and have a constitution made in the manner
; you prefer ?" May I not say that they refused to
participate in the election from one of two con-
siderations; cither they know that they were a
minority of the Territory, or they were standing
■ out in open rebellion to the legal authorities, de-
fying both the territorial and the Federal Govern-
5 ment?
• The honorable Senator's speech conforms to
precisely this position. He admits that the con-
vention was regularly called, in pursuance of law,
acting in conformity both to Federal and local
authority. Why was it opposed ? Was it for any
wise purpose ? Was itin order to accomplish any
good end ? The opposition was in order to keep
the subject open. It was a captious, a factious
opposition. It was an opposition from a party
composed of two elements which have been dan-
gerous to the peace of our western country,
uniting, on the one hand, fanaticism, with a hope
of pecuniary reward on the other, Fanaticism is
sterile. Fanaticism is barren. Fanaticism is un-
productive. Fanaticism will die outof itself when
the sober reflection of the people comes round.
To keep up that fanaticism they unite with it an-
other element—the element of wild speculation,
the hope of pecuniary gain. The union of these
two elements has fanned the flame, endangered
the Government, hazarded our peace, rendered
insecure our property, alienating the feelings of
brother from brother, because they happen to
live on different sides of an imaginary line. I
hope to see this union of elements broken down.
I hope to see the Kansas embroglio ended; ended
in conformity with law; ended in conformity with
the action of the legal convention of the people;
ended by giving force and effect to a constitution
that has been as regularly, as honestly, as fairly
agreed on, as any constitution that this Govern-
ment finds within the range of the thirty-one
States. Should Kansas be admitted; should the
peace of the country be reestablished; should this
bone of contention be taken away forever; town
lots, land investments and the other means of pe-
cuniary profit broken down, the fanatical excite-
ment will cease and determine. It is the hope of
some to keep up the excitement, and I am sorry
to see the course of the honorable Senator from
Illinois who has fought for us so long—not for
"the slave power," but for justice, for equality
north and south, for equality without reference "to
locality, for great principles. Knowing that he is
still wedded to these principles, I am sorry to see
his course calculated to give that-fanatical ele-
ment the benefit of his powerful talents. This is
the real cause of my regret.
It is said—and I throw in the expression here
to let my view be known, and not as material to
the matter under consideration—that the law of
climate has dedicated Kansas to freedom, mean-
ing thereby that it is not adapted to African
slavery. That may be so or not. I am not a
very good judge of climate, and I do not believe
the Senators present are very good judges of the
climate of Kansas. I do not think many of them
have seen it, or have had very accurate reports of
the range of the barometerand thermometer there
for the last few years. What I say is, that if the
law of climate is to determine the question of
slavery ill any Territory within the limits of the
United States, where the two races are thrown
together, I am content to trust it to that law of
climate without any coercive law, without, any
law of Congress, without any territorial law,
without any State law. Let me appeal to my
northern friends who believe there is so much
potency, in the law of climate, the law of produc-
tion, the law of vocation, the law of pursuit; if
these be sufficient, open your northern States and
see whether you will not soon have a few of our
slaves there performing menial services. Whether
that be true or not, is it not well to leave Kansas
to the people of Kansas, to the voters of Kansas?
If they ore willing to trust this matter to the law
of climate they are settling it in their own way. If
they are determined to have a positive prohibi-
tion of slavery in their constitution they are set-
tling it in their own way, in conformity with the
law which gave them an organic form. Those of
us who boasted of the rights they had under the
law, should be the last to complain of the manner
in which they exercise those rights.
I know, however, that there isone thing greatly
complained of by various persons, and which is
regarded by some as a sufficient reason why Kan-
sas ought to be kept out of the Union; while
others, who do not go to that extreme, express
much regret on the subject—-I allude to the fact
that the whole constitution has not been sub-
mitted to the popular vote. I hold that there was
no necessity for any such submission. If after
the convention expressed their judgment, it was
proper, as a mere matter of policy or prudence,
to submit any question to a separate vote of the
people, they ought to submit the real bone of
contention. I hold further, that the submission
of the slavery question- in the manner in which
it has been submitted, is fairer, better calculated
to collect the real will and judgment of the peo-
ple, than if the whole constitution had been sub-
mitted. Suppose the convention had adopted a
constitution prohibiting slavery, and had sub-
mitted it to the people as the Senator from Illinois
thinks the law required. If this had been done,
and my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brows]
lived there, he would have been compelled to vote
against slavery or against the constitution. When-
ever many questions are mixed up together, and
they are all presented as an entirety, neither one
of them has a fair expression of the people who
thus pass judgment on them. So far is this prin-
ciple known to be correct, that the constitution
of Louisiana requires that every law shall em-
brace but one subject, which shall be stated in
its title.
Mr. BIGLER. That feature is ia. the new
constitution of Kansas.
Mr. GREEN, it is in the constitution of Kan-
sas.
Mr. GWIN. And of California.
Mr. GREEN. If the matter were investigated,
I think it would be found that the same provision
exists in many other States. The object is to pre-
vent "log rolling,"and to insure a fair, honest
expression of the people or their representatives
when they pass judgment on any subject. You
may put together in an improvement appropria-
tion bill many items, neither one of which has
sufficient intrinsic merit to receive the assent of
Congress; but tic them together, and perhaps you
can pass all. If the slave question had been tied
to the suffrage question; the governor's qualifi-
cation question; the taxation question; the bank
question; and if I had been a citizen of Kansas
I should have been compelled, in order to vote
for holding negroes in Kansas, to swallow all the
objectionable features in every other branch of
the constitution. To submit a single question is
the only fair way, the only just way, the only
simple, certain method of collecting the public
will. There is uncertainty in all human proceed-
ings. The people may not come to the polls; the
representatives may not do their duty; but we
proceed on the idea that there is a just principle
involved; and if the principle be just, and the peo-
ple have an opportunity to carry it out, and do
not carry it out, but forfeit their rights, it is their
misfortune, not ours; and our sympathies are
blunted when we consider that their passions
were the sole cause of the grievances of which
they complain. '
The constitution is not submitted to the people
of Kansas. I know the Senator undertook to
prove that the people were placed under coercion,
that they were compelled to go to the polls and
vote, and that before they could vote on the slave
question they were compelled to vote for the con-
stitution. If the whole constitution had been
submitted before they could vote for or against
slavery, they would have been compelled to
vote in the manner which the Senator represented
as objectionable, which he animadverted upon,
which he censured and condemned. If the whole
constitution had been submitted, the voter, in
order to vote for slavery, would have been com-
pelled to indorse every feature of the constitu-
tion; and, in order to vote against it, would have
been compelled to vote against the other features
of the constitution, and thus leave him without a
State government. The anxiety to get a State
government might be strong enough to induce him
to forego his objections to other branches of the
constitution, and hence, as I before remarked, the
mode of submission adopted by the convention
was the only simple, fair, and just method of
collecting the popular will upon the slavery ques-
tion. In the convention of California, a propo-
sition was made to submit the slavery question
to a separate vote of the people. The conven-
tion %vas anxious not to endanger the admission
of the State into the Union. They did not be-
lieve a majority of their people desired slavery,
and therefore they did not submit it as a separate
question, but they submitted the whole consti-
tution to a vote of the people of California. It
came up hero, and we all know there was a great
deal of complaint on the part of northern as well
