1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2155
now at the bar of the House being arraigned in ■
his absence, and to allusions being made to his |
locus in quo. Now that he is here, before I can !
vote to excuse him, I fool impelled by a high sense i
of duty to call upon him to say whether he has i
been at that dinner which has been so mysteri- j:
ously alluded to here several times to-night; and h
I want him to tell the House exactly what he got
to eat.
The SPEAKER The Chair thinks that would
hardly be in order. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. The proposition is to excuse
the gentleman. Well, sir, I couid vote to excuse
a gentleman for going to eat something 
Mr. MOORE. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman from Indiana is in order.
Mr. HUGHES. I want the House to take
notice of the fact that I am in order once. [Laugh- .
ter.] !
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from lndi~ j
ana will proceed. !
Mr. HUGHES. I am much obliged to the j
Chair for deciding that I am now in order, arid '
I take considerable credit to myself for being iu S
order once. !
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to say that the |
gentleman is proceeding to the great annoyance
of his friends. 1
Mr. HUGHES. Well, sir, I am sorry to an- j
noy my friends, but sacrifices have to be made in i
the cause of the country. But to resume the re- I
marks at the point where I was interrupted by a [
call to order—and I always expect to be called to j
order, and in fact I never get started until 1 am j
called to order, and I would say to gentlemen that j
it is not the proper or gentlemanly mode to shout i
out" order" from their seats, but that they should '
rise in their places and raise their points of order 1
with the courtesy which distinguished the gen- !
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Moore]  1
Mr. howard. I rise to a point of order. 1
If the gentleman is in order, it is out of order to i
discuss the question whether he is in order. |
The speaker. The Chair thinks a further !
discussion of the question of order would hardly j
be in order. [Laughter.] j
Mr. hughes. Would it be in order to have 1
a record made of the fact that the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] has made a good point !i
for once in his life ? [Laughter] j'
As I was saying, before I can vote to excuse
a gentleman for going to dinner—and it is a fact ■
before this House, that the gentleman from Penn- :
sylvania has been to a dinner—1 want to know ■'
what he had to eat. I can excuse a gentleman for i
going to eat something, but there are some things j
which I cannot excuse a gentleman for eating.
For instance: it is said Pi enchmen eat frogs; but
I could not excuse a gentleman of this House for 1
going to dine on the hind legs of a fro a;, because
I regard that as a kind of harbaious dish. 1
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. R fore this dis-
cussion proceeds upon this tender point, 1 wish
to be permisud to ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania whether he has pai taken of a frog's hind
]e°"s ^
Ivir. SMITH, of Virginia. I insist that gen- i
tienien shall not be permitted to interrupt each
other, except in order
Mr. J GLA?ICV JONES. Mr. Speaker 
The {SPEAKER. Objection is made 
Mr. HUGHES. I ennnot consent Uiatthe gen-
tleman at the bar of the House should be permit-
ted to interrupt these proceedings.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not at the
bar.
Mr. HUGHES. So much upon the subject of
what the gentleman had to eat. It now becomes
very important to inquire as to the kind of plates
from which heate, and the kind of forks he used,
and particularly whether he used one of those ,
famous golden spoons*
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I really do not like
to interrupt the gentleman, but 1 insist upon U,
that this is not in orde>\
Mr. HUGHES. 1 insist upon it also; and I '
•wish if understood that 1 do not desire to be out
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the gen-
tleman a little further, and hear what he has to (
sav. [Laughter.] I
Mr. HUGHES. I am contented with that; and j
as long as the Chair will hear me, it makes no ;
difference whether the members will hear me or
not.
Then, again, it becomes important to inquire
where the gentleman has been to dinner?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that per-
haps the gentleman is wandering away from the
question. The question is, " Shall the gentleman
from Pennsylvania be excused?"
Mr. GREENWOOD. I strongly appeal to the
gentleman from Indiana to allow the vote to be
taken. We are suffering here.
Mr. HUGHES. Well. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [cries of u Order!"
"Order!"] has hacf his dinner, and I have had
mine. [Renewed cries of " Order !"]
Mr. GREENWOOD. I call the gentleman to
order; and if the Chair decides that the gentle-
man from Indiana is in order, I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HUGHES. I would like to see the point
settled.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man is not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. Now, the question is, shall
the gentleman from Pennsylvania be excused?
Well, sir, I am in favor of excusing the gentle-
man, and I am in favor of excusing him without
the payment of fees. I think he ought to be ex-
cused without payment of fees, because I believe
that, in common with many other gentlemen, he
left the House under the impression that it had
adjourned. I think it a groat hardship that he and
other gentleman—myself included—have been
brought back here under a sort of snap judg-
ment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I trust the gentleman
will pardon mc for trying to brine: the gentleman
back to the question.
Mr. HUGHES. I will excuse the gentleman
from Arkansas. I want that distinctly understood.
I excuse him for his many interruptions, and hope
he will have to make no further appeals to me to
excuse him on thatground. I desire to repel the
idea that has been put forth here that any consid-
erable number of members of this House have
been derelict in their attendance on the public
business of the House during this session.
The SPEAKER. That question is not debat-
able.
Mr. HUGHES. Especially the gentleman from
Pennsylvania 
The SPEAKER. That does not make it in
order.
Mr. IIUGHES. I ohseive that the Chair has
been with me when everybody else was agninst
me, and now that the Chair has turned against
me. I will detain the House nolorigei.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to know from the
gentleman fi om Pennsylvania how long it is since
he was informed that the House was in session
and waiting for him without a quorum 5
Mr. HUGHES: I object to the inquiry. No
peison can be called upon to criminate himself.
Mr. STANTON. 1 insist that 1 have a right
to propound that inquiry to the*gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania, as his answer wilt govern my vote.
Mr.'lIUGHES. I object to it. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania has made his excuse, and itis
for the House to deal with it.
Mr. MOORE. 1 came to this Capitol at nine
o'clock tins morning to attend my committee, and
it is now half past ten o'clock. If we are expected
to meet to-morrow to attend to public business,
it seems to me that we ought now to adjourn. 1
therefore move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am ready to an-
swer the interrogatory.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and, on
oulering the mam question, the Speaker an-
nounced that there we:e but fifty-five affirmative
votes—less than halfofaqimnim—and that, there-
fore, tiie maiter went over till to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The previous
question is not in order during the pending of a
call of the House, for the reason that there is no
quorum.
The SPEAKER. How would the gentleman
ever terminate debate, if it were not?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I make also
that point of order—that no debate is in order dur-
ing a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. Would the gentleman hold
that it is not in order for a gentleman to assign
his excuse, and for that excuse to be discussed ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. He may cer-
tainly make his excuse, but no debate is in order
during the pendency of a call of the House.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 desire to know whether the
Speaker has announced that there was not a ma-
jority of a quorum voting to order the main ques-
tion, and decided that a majority of the members
present—not being a majoilty of a quorum—can-
not order the main question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that less
than a majority of a quorum cannot order the
main question.
Mr. MILLSON. May not those members
present—if they have a right to vote on a ques-
tion—vote under the rules and principles govern-
ing the call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the main question cannot be ordered if there be
not a quorum piesent. The previous question
may be moved; but less than a majority of a quo-
rum cannot order the main question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Less than a quo-
|; rum can decide the main question, and why not
;! be able to order the main question? We afeact-
j. ing under the rules governing a call of the House,
and can dispose of all the questions incident to it
! I without a quorum. It is like a motion to adjourn,
I which can be carried where there is less than a
li quorum voting; and the yeas and nays on themo-
j! Lion to adjourn can be ordered by less than a fifth
II of a quorum.
" Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If is evi-
dent there is less than a quorum present now, and
I suppose the House does not desire to carry on
this thing any further. 1 move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. J.GLANCY JONES. I Vish to reply to
the inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr
Stanton.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order
The Speaker has dccided that this case stands
over till lo-morrow. The next case should now
be taken up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
m entertaining i he demand for the previous ques-
tion, the Chair erred. No demand for the pre-
vious question can be entertained when there is
less than a quorum of the House present.
Mr. WASFIBU RN, of Maine. I desire to offer
the following resolution:
Rr^th tv>. Tlut tip-4 Iloiw nk-n till to-morrow
at ei;M <•!! o'eio'-l a m.. (imi tiMMii the menu tim'' the fVr-
co.int at Ann- take nito fu-io<i\ the hkmiiIh.'In nl flie House
now ab>ent without leave, aiui li.ue them at its bar at mat
tiiiie.
The resolution was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion to dischaige Mr. J. Glancy Jones on pay-
ment of fees.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. What be-
comes of mv motion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion is
in order.
Mr. R.EADY. I rise to a question of order.
I was upfTti the floor when the Sergeant-at-Arms
announced that he had certain members at the bar
of the Hon-??, and I was requested by the Speaker
1 to suspend until he made his repot t. I have never
yet yielded th" floor, and I decline to yield it now
■ for any purpose except to enable the gentlemen,
' who are \ , enstocly, to render tneir excuses.
Mr. J. GL\NCY JONES. I merely wish to
answer the interrogatory propounded to me by the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SICKLES. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to answer it.
Mr J. GL\N^Y JONES. I had an invitation
| two or three days since to dine \\ ith the President
1 of the United States to-day; such an invitation,
as I suppose, has been extended to every other
1 membei.
Several Mtaikfiis, on the Republican side of
the House. On the other side, not this.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Weil, I hope it
has, or will be. I accepted lisat invitation with
1 the reservation that I always make  
i Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman is not answering the
| question propounded to him. The question was,
