1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1161
gestion. Where there is no agricultural society,
let the seeds be sent to the clerk of the county
court.
Mr. COBB. I object to the resolution.
AMENDMENT OF JUDICIARY ACT.
Mr. BLISS introduced a bill to repeal the
twenty-fourth section of the judiciary act of Sep-
tember 24, 1789, and the seventh section of the
act further to provide for the collection of debts,
passed March 2, 1833; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. '
MEXICAN VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. HARLAN introduced a joint resolution
directing the payment of certain Mexican volun-
teers ; wHlfch was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CENSUS OF I860.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That a special committee of five be appointed
by the Chair, and to continue during this Congress, whose
duty it shall be to inquire into the best mode of taking the
census of 1860, with leave to report, by bill or otherwise, at
anytime during the session of Congress commencing on the
first Monday of December next.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I give notice that
I shall try to get the resolution in whenever an-
other opportunity presents itself.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think there ia an existing
law to provide for that.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS.
Mr. COX submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be re-
quested to consider the propriety of reporting a joint reso-
lution authorizing the Clerk of this House to furnish (in lieu
of books already ordered and not delivered, and which he
has not now on hand,) to those entitled thereto, either as
members or the representatives of the members of former
Congresses, such hooks as he has on hand of equal value,
with those already ordered and never delivered to such
members or their representatives.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
ELECTION OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. LEITER introduced a bill to provide for
the election of postmasters by the people; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. LEITER moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole-on the state of the
Union.
Mi1. ENGLISH. It strikes me that the bill
ought to go to the Committee on the Post Office
ana Post Roads, and I move that reference.
Mr. LEITER. I modify my motion, so that
it will be to refer it as the gentleman indicates.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
APPOINTMENT OF PERSONS TO OFFICE.
Mr. LEITER asked unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to tliis House the names of members of the Thirty-
Third Congress, who voted for the Nebraska-Kansas act
on its final parage, who were thereafter appointed to office
under the late and present Administrations, the office to
which each member was appointed, the time of appoint-
ment, and by whom such appointment was made.
Mr. Mc&UEEN objected.
JURORS FOR UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. STANTON ask^d unanimous consent to
* offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the standing Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so amending
the law providing lor the selection of jurors in the circuit
and district courts ofthe United States by suitable and pioper
officers in various parts ofthe several circuits and districts,
to be appointed m such manner as may be prescribed by
law.
Mr. HUGHES objected.
REPORTS OF THE SUPREME COURT.
Mr. GROESBECK introduced a joint resolu-
tion in relation to purchasing and distributing a
certain number of the reports of the Supreme
Court, with Notes and Digest by R. R. Curtis;
' which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
DELIVERY OF BOOKS.
Mr. COX asked unanimous consent to intro-
duce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Olcik of this House be requested to
deliver to the widow of Jonathan Taylor, a member of a
former Congress, from books which he has now on hand,
books of equal value with those ordered to said Jonathan
Taylor by the resolutions of Congress.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
CENSUS OF 1860.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I understand that
the objection made to the resolution which I of-
fered a short time since, in relation to the appoint-
ment of a committee to inquire into the best mode
of taking the census of 1860, has been withdrawn.
I ask that the resolution may again be read.
The resolution was accordingly read.
Mr. KEITT objected to its introduction.
REMOVAL OF DESKS FROM THE HALL.
Mr. PENDLETON asked unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be directed to remove
from the Hall all the desks which have been provided for
the use ofthe members,and to rearrange the chairs in such
manner as may be convenient after such removal; and that
he provide two writing-tables, one to be placed on each side
of the Hall, in the vacant spaces behind the chairs.
Mr. GREENWOOD objected.
FURNISHING BOOKS.
Mr. COX. I renew the resolution I offered a
short time since, in reference to instructing the
Committee on the Library to make certain in-
quiries, as the objection has been withdrawn.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected to its in-
troduction.
PRINTING EXTRA COPIES OF A BILL*
Mr. COX asked unanimous consent to intro-
duce the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of the House, five hundred extra copies of the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, " to
provide for the settlement of the claims of the officers and
soldiers of the revolutionary army," &c.
Mr. KEITT objected.
Mr. COX. I have numerous requests from
members of the House for copies of this bill, and
*1 cannot supply them.
Mr. KEITT. Well, I withdraw my objection.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I object.
PUBLICATION OF BOOKS.
Mr. BURNETT asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution: ,
ResoJveff, That the Joint Committee on Printing be, and
he same is hereby, requested to inquire into the expedi-
ency and propriety of dispensing with the publication of
any book or books, or any volume thereof, heretofore or-
dered by Congress and which have not been executed ; and
that they report thereon as soon as practicable ; and that
they inquire whether any of said books may be dispensed
with, the printing of which has been commenced; and that
they report, See.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, objected.
POST OFFICE AND CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. BURNETT introduced a bill to provide
for the erection of a post office and custom-house
at Paducah, in the State of Kentucky; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. BURNETT offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety of estab-
lishing a post route from Paducah, in Kentucky, to Paris,
in the State of Tennessee, via Palm a, Benton, Waidsboro,
and Murray; also, fiom Paducah to Hickman, in the State
of Kentucky, via Hickory Grove, Mayfield, Feliciana, and
Lodgetown; also, from Mayfield, Kentucky, to Parts, Ten-
nessee, via Boyds-viHe; from Mayfield to Paris, Tennessee,
via Farmmgton and Murray ; a!«o, from Paducah to Bland-
ville, via Newton's Creek and Ha/Jewood; also, from Hop-
kinsville. in Kentucky, to Paducah, via Cerulean Springs,
Wallonia, Ferry Corner, Birmingham, and Briansburg.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. This is nothing but a
resolution of inquiry.
Mr. MORGAN. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. EDIE. I renew the objection, on the
ground that the gentleman can have the commit-
tee attend to the matter without a resolution.
POST OFFICE AT COVINGTON.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a bill to provide
for the erection of a post office at Covington, in
the Commonwealth of Kentucky; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
ELECTION RtOT IN WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, offered the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That the memorial of sundry citizens of Wash-
ington, touching the interference of the United States ma-
rines at th<  election of corporation officers in Washington,
in June, 1857, be, and the same is hereby, referred to a select
committee of seven members of this House, to be appointed
by the Speaker, with instructions to said committee to in-
quire—
1. Whether the President of the United States exceeded
the authority vested in his hands, by law, in ordering the
United States marines to be marched into the city of Wash-
ington, and to be placed under the orders of the Mayor of
Washington to quell an alleged riot thatinterfered with tftp
privilege of a peaceable corporation election in this city.
2. Whether any facts exist implicating the Secretary of
War, or any other executive officer of this Government, in
the charge of having prearranged an order for said United
States marines before the President had given an order for
them to be furnished to the Mayor of Washington.
3. Whether there has been any obstruction to the impar-
tial administration of justicein connection with said alleged
riot, interposed by any judicial or ministerial officcr or offi-
cers of the United States in the District of Columbia, and,
if so, what facts exhibit such improper conduct upon the
part of the said judicial or ministerial officer or officers.
4. Also, to inquire into and report all the facts which will
fairly exhibit the conduct of the United States marines, and
the officers in command of them jm the occasion referred
to in the memorial, and the extenWr damage done by them
to persons and propertyupon thatoccasion.
Resolved, That said committee have leave to send for per-
sons and papers, and may sit during the sessions of this
House, and may report, by bill or otherwise, whatever may,
Jin their opinion, be demanded by the facts of the case.
Mr. REAGAN objected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then I pre-
sent the memorial referred to."
The SPEAKER. The memorial can be pre-
sented under the rules.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Do I un-
derstand the Chair to decide that I cannot present
it now ? •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can present
the memorial under the rules. He cannot present
it under the order adopted this morning providing
for the presentation of bills and such resolutions
as no objection is made to.
Mr. MARSHALL ,of Kentucky. I am charged
with the presentation of this memorial. My
State is called, and I offer to present it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pre-
sent it under the order of the House. The only
way in which he can present it is by unanimous
consent.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I want to
have a special committee raised on this matter.
POST OFFICE ADVERTISING.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
inform the Hou*e what number of newspapers published in
the city of Washington is employed, under the existing laws
or regulations, to advertise the mail lettings, and what
amount of compensation is paid to each therefor; also, wl>at
number of papers in the several States is employed to ad-
vertise the same, and at what price; and whether, in his
opinion, the former cannot be hereafter altogether discon-
tinued, and the latter curtailed, without detriment to the
Post Office Department.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT- JACKSON.
Mr. AVERY introduced a bill to provide for
the construction of a post office, court-house, and
pension office, at the city of Jackson, ia the State
of Tennessee; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. AVERY. I introduced, the other day,
under the rule, a memorial on the same subject,
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. I ask that that committee be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the same
be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
it was so ordered.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. AVERY also introduced a bill to increase
the appropriation for public buildings at the city
of Memphis, Tennessee, and that the same be
used for a custom-house and post office; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. AVERY also introduced a bill to provide
for the construction of a marine hospital at Mem-
phis, Tennessee; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
