2i m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
at what time ho was notified by the Serjeant-at-
Arms that the House was in session and without
a quorum 1
Air. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope tlv* gentle-
man from Illinois will excuse me if* 1 am a little
prolix.
Several AIeaibers. Come to the point-
Air. J. GLANCY JONES. I was saying that
1 accepted the invitation with the reservation that
I would never leave this House so long as it was
in session. And I would not have left the House
till twelve o'clock to-night, or any other hour,
unless I had been under the impression that the
House had adjourned. I always feel it my duty
to remain here until the House does adjourn; but
I was informed that the House had adjourned,
and then I left here and went to my lodgings. 1
remained at my lodgings at least an hour, and
could have been summoned during that time. I
left iny lodgings at the end of an hour, supposing
that, after the House had adjourned, I was at lib-
erty to do as I pleased, and'since then I have re-
ceived no communication from any officer of the
House except through a third person, and that
communication was that I was expected torepoit
myself here by half past nine or ten o'clock; and
m obedience to that summons I have reported
myself hero.
Air. WALRRIDGE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman at what time he received notice that the
House was awaiting his presence and that of other
gentlemen m order to make a quorum ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Tins House lias
not been m session for any business purposes for
the last five hours.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania seems to put the blame of his delinquencies
upon two officers of this House—first "upon the
Clerk, who infoimed him that the House had ad-
journed, and then upon the Sergeant-at-Arms,
who failed to notify him that his attendance was
needed here. Under these circumstances, and as,
according to his statement, these officers appear
to have been culpable, 1 move that he be excused.
Air. J. GLANCY .(ONES, Allow me to cor-
rect an erionrous impression. I want to do in-
justice to no one. The Seigeant-at-Arms, I have
no doubt, discharged his duty faithfully. The
information readied me through a third person, at
a late hour. Nor is the Clerk of I his House re-
sponsible. I went to the desk myself and inquired
how the vote on the adjournment stood,and was
informed that there was a majority of six in fa-
vor of adjourning against my own vote. I could
not anticipate thatgentlemen would subsequently
change their votes. That was my error. 1 had
no foreknowledge that trenilemen would change
their votes and send after me. It was not the
fault of the Clerk. Nor was it tin; fault of the
Sergeant-at-Arms that I was not here sooner. In
this "city of magnificent distances" it took a
long period, perhaps, to reach me.
Mr. WALBRI DUE. I hope the gentleman
will answer my question. Aly vote will depend
upon his answer.
Air. SANDIDGE. I hope the gentlemen, with
whom I have acted throughout this whole pro-
ceeding, will allow the same action to b« taken in
this case as m others.
[Cries of "Agreed !" and "That's fair!"]
Mr. J. Glavcv Jonks was then ordered to be
discharged from custody on payment of the fees.
The SPEAKER. Air. Aiil, what reason have
you to assign for your absence from the sittings
of the House without us leave ?
Air. AHL. I have noapology to offer further
than that 1 remained here until after the usual
hour of adjournment, and then, believing that my
services were not pumcularly required here, and
having a previous engagement, I absented myself.
Air. UNDERWOOL). 1 move that the gentle-
man be discharged on payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-af-Armsappeared and announced
that, in obedience to the oider of the House,
Messrs Bowie, Campbell, and Whitrley were
now within the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Gillis, what reasons
have you to assign for your absence from the
House without us leave ?
Air. GiLLlS. Air. Speaker, I am the humble
representative of the wild-cat district of Pennsyl-
vania, [laughter;] and it is not to be expected that
either the people of that district or their Represent-
ative should be completely conversant with all t he
rules of this House, or any other disoulei ly body.
[ Rene wed laughter.] It is not to be expected '
that either they oi their Representative should be •
acquainted with all the etiquette of this "city :
of magnificent distances," as my colleague has
called it. I w,is invited fo dme with the Piesident
to-day; and I had been informed that it was eti-
quette with members of this body that an invita- j
tion to the President's was an imperative order, ;
and could not be disobeyed. [Great laughter.] j
Regarding it in that light. 1 accepted the invita- j
tion. 1 have been dining with the President, and ,
have enjoyed myself, and enjoyed the company ;
after dinner very much; and now I am willing to j
pay for it. [Excessive laughter.] Air. Speaker, !
1 am afraid that gentlemen on the other side of
the House, who did not receive invitations, area
little envious because they did not. [Renewed
laugh ter.]
I have only another word to say. I heard that
the Sergeant-at-Arms was after me, and I flew,
not to the horns of the altar, but to the horns of
old Buck. I seized them, and held on to them,
until I found that I was out of danger. Then I
let loose, and came here; and now throw myself
upon the mercy of the House. [Laughter.]
Air. AJOORE. 1 move that the gentleman be
discharged without paying fees.
Air. MORGAN. I move that he be discharged
on payment of fees.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to; and then the motion as amended
was agreed to.
Air. GILLIS. I return my thanks to the House.
I am peifccily willing to pay the costs for the
dinner. rLaughtor.]
The SPEAKER. Air. Landy, of Pennsylva-
nia, you have been arrested and brought to the
bar of the House for absenting yourself from its
| sittings without its pei mission. What reason
I have you to assign for your absence?
| Air. LANDY. From the beginning of this ses-
sion I have, unless sickness prevented, punctually
attended the sittings of the House. At a late hour
of the evening I left the Hail to answer an en-
gagement which 1 had made. I have no apology
to make, and whatever is the penalty let it be
inflicted.
Air. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the gentleman be discharged on payment of fees.
The mo'ion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Air. Owent Jones, of Penn-
sylvania, you have been arrested and brought to
the bar of the House for absenting yourself from
its sittings without its permission. What reason
j have you to assign for your absence ?
j Mr. OWEN JONES. 1 have little, ifany,ex-
; o.use to offer for my absence on this occasion. I
| remained here until I was very hungry, and I
! then left to get my dinner. 1 am willing to make
amend to the House by payment of fees; and 1
will say that I have eaten many a worse dinner,
at greater cost, than I am likely now to be mulcted
in.
Air. GROW. I move that my colleague be
discharged on payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Air. Phillips, of Pennsyl-
vania,you have been at rested and biought to the
bar of the House for absenting yourself from its
sittings without its permission. What excuse
have yon to offer ?
Air. PHILLIPS. If I thought my absence
from the House prevented its doing any business,
I would regret it; but from wiiatl learn, the House
has got on quite as well without as it would have
done with me. I voted against the adjournment
moie than once to-day, and I did so because I
thought it was right thus to rebuke those who
are habitually absent from the Hall. I did not
leave the Hall until I was informed that the House
had agreed to adjourn. Still, I knew that a call
of the House was probable.
There is one thing, surely, which entitles me to
the indulgence of the House. The House seems,
during this call, to have had a great deal of amuse-
ment, and I will tell them that it was to my kind-
ness m moving that there be a cull of the House,
that gentlemen have remained hcie to enjoy them-
selves as they have. I throw myself upon their
gratitude. [Laughter.]
Air. ENGLISH 1 move that the gentleman
be discharged on the payment of all tho fees im-
posed upon the other members; and on that I de-
mand the yeas and navs. * .
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the House
has no power to imoose a greater fine than that
recognized bv the rules.
Air. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I move that
my colleague be discharged on the payment of
fees.
Air. STANTON. I move that he be fined fifty
dollars. A gentleman should not be let off so
easily, who moves a call of the House, and then
abandons the Hall, leaving the House m session.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Theadjournment, I thought,
was carried, when I left, and carried, too,against
my vote. I would have remained here as long as
any other gentleman, if I had not labored under
a misapprehension.
Tho'SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio is not in order.
The question was taken on Air. Kuxkel's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Air. Letdy, of Pennsylvania,
you have been arrested and brought to the bar of
the House for absenting yourself from its sittings
without permission. What excuse have you to
offer ?
Air. LETDY. I accepted an invitation to din-
ner, and thinking the House had adjourned, I
went to meet my engagement. That is the only
excuse 1 have to offer. 1 am here at the request
of the House.
Air. LEITER. I move that my colleague be
dis'-haiired on the payment of fees.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Bowie, you have been
anested and brought to the bar of the House for
absenting vourself from its sittings without per-
mission. What reason have you to offer for your
absence?
Mr. BOWIE. I will give my reason. Whenlleft
this House, it was reported that the House had ad-
journed, and under that impression I went home.
1 have been sufiVnng from sickness for eight or ten
days, with an intermittent fever. I remained up
here until five o 'clock: and when T was told that the
House had adjourned, I took my hat and went off.
I went to bed. Shortly after I had got into bed 1 was
molested by a messenger of the Seigeant-jt-Aims.
1 told him to say to the House that I was laboiing
under high fever. He promised me faithfully that
he would so report. Not satisfied with that, how-
ever, I was molested the second time, [laughter,]
and I gave the same response; and finally i was
molested the thud time. [Laughter.] I then said
to myself, u I will go up, and see what is going on.
Theie must be something very extraordinary
going on that requires my attendance." [Laugh-
ter.] Now, Air. Speaker, I have no apology to
offer to the House. I think, truly and sincerely,
that the House owes me an apology. If the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, or his deputy, had reported as I
chaiged him to do, I am sure the House would
have excused myabsence; but when the third mes-
senger came, feeling bound to obey the order of
the House—which I would do even at the risk of
life itself—I have come here before the House.
Allow me to say, sir, that, m my humble judg-
ment, those gentlemen who changed their votes on
the adjournment, and thereby changed the result,
ought to be made to pay the whole cost. [Ap-
plauding laughter.] That is the truth; that is the
justice. The House had bona fide adjourned.
Gentlemen had gone home under the assurance
that it was so; yet, by some trick or another, our
sick beds have been molested, and we have been
dragged up here, under the power of this House,
to answer the mere caprices of certain gentlemen
who thought proper to change the'r votes.
Sir, it is a wick- d proceeding. [Laughter.] It
is an unjust proceeding. It is a proceeding which
ought not to be toleiated at all, for an instant, by
this House, as I most solemnly think. My pro-
fession, sir, is one which demands obedience. I
have obeyed the order of the House; but I do not
feel called upon to make any excuse to anybody,
for I have done no wrong. 1 certainly have com-
mitted no offense against the majesty of this body.
Sir, " I would give millions for defense, but not
one cent for tribute." [Roars of laughter.] I am
in no default, but have come here without the
power of the mace On the third call, I volun-
teered to come up.
Air. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Concurring
