1482
THE GsLOBE.
March 1@,
PACIFIC .RAILROAD.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, introduced a bill
to establish a communication by railroad and tele-
graph between the Atlantic States and California;
■which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the special committee on the Pacific rail-
road.
Mr. PHELPS. I perceive that that bill covers
a large 'amount of manuscript, and I desire the
gentleman from Tennessee'to submit a, motion to
have it printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I adopt the sug-
gestion. I move that it be ordered to be printed.
■ The motion was agreed to.
TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE.
Mr.;SMITH, ofTennessee, by unanimous corn-
sent, presented' joint resolutions from the Legis-
lature of the State ofTennessee; one in reference
■to the postal laws of the United States, and the
other instructing the Senators and requesting the
Representatives from that State to vote for the
admission of Kansas under the Lecompton con-
stitution, and in reference to the Hon. Jobn Cei.l.
The first were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Pos$ Roads; and'the second were
laid on the table; and all were ordered to1 be
printed.
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill to extend
the provisions of certain acts granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers in :the military
service of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
COMPENSATION OF JUDICIAL OFFICERS.
Mr. MAYNARD asked leave to introduce the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and propriety of in-
creasing the compensation njw allowed to the clerks of
the eircuit and district courts of,the United States; and to
report by hill or otherwise.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed further to inquire into the expediency of supplying
each of the clerks of the circuit courts of tho United -Suites
and each of the district attorneys of the United States, for
tile use of their respective offices, a copy of the reports of
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States;
and to report by hill or otherwise.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
THE POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. ATKINS introduced a bill to amend the
postal laws of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
LAND OFFICE RECORDS.
Mr. FOLEY introduced a bill to provide for
granting exemplifications of records and papers
relating to lands, the entry, location, and purchase
thereof, remaining in theGeneral Land Office,and
fixing the fees to he charged therefor; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
NEW ALBANY POST OFFICE, ETC.
Mr, ENGLISH introduced a bill to provide
for erecting a building in the city of New Albany,
in the State of Indiana, for a post office, custom-
house, and pension office; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
LANDS FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I was not present when
the State of Kentucky was called. I ask the con-
sent of the House to present certain resolutions
from the Kentucky Agricultural Society, asking
an appropriation of the public lands for agricul-
tural purposes. I ask that the resolutions may be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
. Mr. COBB. The resolutions relate to a dona-
tion of the public lands, as I understand, and I
hope they will be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no objection.
The resolutions were so referred.
SUSPENSION OF CERTAIN PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HUGHES asked leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of Public Trunin; be
directed to report to the Uou^e the amount of work now
duuc on lire unpublished volumes of the Pacific railroad sur-
veys, and.the cost thereof,and, how many volumes.are yet'
unfinished, ^ndthe prob,able.costof printing the same; and'
to suspend the printing thereof until otherwise ordered by
the House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, objected.
JOHN W. WOLCOTT.
Mr. HUGHES asked leave to submit'the fol-
lowing resolution:
Whereas, The record of-the proceedings of the House,
in the case of John W. Woleott, a witness now in custody
of the Sergeant-at-Arms, does not show that said witness
was imprisoned for refusing to testify in a matter,wherein
the House has jurisdiction to enforce the testimony of, wit-
nesses by attachment for contempt: Therefore,
Resolved, That the said John W. Woleott .be, and lie is
hereby, released from said imprisonment.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia, objected.
Mr, STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is it in order
to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I then give
notice that when the call shall have been com-
pleted, I will move to suspend the rules. I under-
stand the grand jury have indicted thisgentleman,
and I think the, House ought to pass a resolution
turning him over to the courts to be tried.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
: Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I offer,.at the request
of my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mont-
gomprt,] a bill for the admission of ltansas into
the Union.
;Mr. KELSEY. Has previous notice been given
of that bill ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania gave notice.
:The,SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
one gentleman could not give notice of the inten-
tion of any other gentleman to introduce a bill.
' Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Well, sir, no one
objects.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is it in order to move
to suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. Not until the order of the
House has been executed.
CUSTOM«HOU E, ETC., AT PEORIA.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill making an
appropriation to erect a building suitable for a
court-house, post office, and custom-house, at the
city of Peoria; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
CIRCUIT AND DISTRICT COURTS.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on tho Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
granting of change of venue in cases pending for trial m the
circuit and district courts of the United States, under such
restrictions as may be fixed by law ; and that they report by
bill or otherwise.
FORT RIPLEY MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to m-
form tins House if any portion of the military reservation at
Fort Ripley, m Minnesota, has been sold; and if sold, to state
at what pnee the same was sold, and to whom; and if such
sale has been confirmed; and if not confirmed, if any reason
exists wluch will prevent the confirmation of the f=ame.
EXECUTIVE APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois,submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the heads of the Executive Departments
be, and they are hereby, respectfully requested to commu-
nicate to this House, at as early day as possible, the names
of all persons appointed to office since the 4th of March, A.
JX 1853, who may be connected officially or otherwj>e with
their respective Departments, and the names of such per-
son^ and their actual, bona fide place of residence at the
dates ot their said appointments.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, objected.
TERRA JAPONICA.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of an appropriation for the
purpose of obtaining a supply of the seeds and cuttings of
the terra japomea for cultivation in this country.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
PUBLIC LANDS IN ILLINOIS AND INDIANA.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be instructed
to furnish^0 this House a statement showing the amount of
.public lands in the States of Illinois and Indiana subject to
entry-at the sum of .$1 25.per acre,or at any less price.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois, introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled an "Act for the relief of pur-
chasers and locaters of, swamp and overflowed
lands," approved March 2,1855; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. I move that it be re-
ferred.to the Committee.of Claims.
Mr. COBB. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands; it belongs to that
committee.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. It does not ask for
any land.
Mr.-COBB. If the bill be read, members.will
see it ought to go to the Committeeffen Public
Lands.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. I hojDe it will be read,
for the gentleman will then , see it ought to take
the direction I propose to give it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object to the
reading of the bill.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. I understand that
my colleague withdraws his objection to the bill
which I introduced a few minutes ago. I am in-
clined to think that it is a bill we can agree,on.
Mr. KEITT. What is the bill >
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. A bill to admit Kan-
sas.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I object to going back.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the,House do
now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 68,
noes 79.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ;and Messrs. Cox and Dean
were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 79, noes 59.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at twenty minutes to four, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 16, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. N. Hanks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal will
be read.
Mr. BIGLER. I learn from the Secretary that
the Journal is not completed, in consequence of
our night session. It has been found impossible
to "have it properly prepared; and I move, there-
fore, that by common consent the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with. If desirable, it can
be read hereafter, after the Presiding Officer shall
have had a fair opportunity to examine it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By general consent
the reading of the Journal may be dispensed with.
The Chair hears no objection.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, copies of all instructions from that Depart-
ment to the United States marshal for the district
of Utah; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. . 
Mr. FITCH rose subsequently, and said: Some
information was received, I believe, from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, a short time since, in re-
sponse to a call made by the Senate on my motion.
It is the last or written clause of the instructions
only which refers to the resolution I offered. I
understand that the report of the Secretary was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
I desire the following resolution to take the same
course:
Resolved, That all the expenses of holding United States
courts m the Territory of Utah, during the continuance of
the present disturbance therein, shall be chargeable to the
United States, under the limitations contained in existing
laws in respect to fees, and payable out of the judiciary
fund: Provided, That upon the restoration of peace in said
Territory, the expenses of said courts, while exercising ju-
risdiction under the territorial laws, shall be chargeable to
the Territory, or to the proper counties therein, as in other
Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a joint res-
olution.
