1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. ClarJc.
Senate.
mean to say, as was said by the Senator from
Virginia, that we are here to administer the higher
law. That is not what I mean; but I do not like
to hear the higher law—I will speak of the law
of eternal justice and right in that term—spoken
of in that way. I stand here as a Senator, I hope
we all do, to acknowledge that law. Sir, it would
be a bitter mockery to put a clergyman in your
seat to pray in the morning, and then stand up
before night and deride the Giver of the law, by
which we all ought to be regulated. It ia the law
of eternal right. I tell you, sir, in your place, I
tell honorable Senators in their places, whatever
they may think of it, whatever may be said in
regard to it, that when the Senate and the Gov-
ernment of the United States forsake the principle
of that lav/; when they disregard it, and cast it
away, we are on the road to ruin. Our fathers
did not so. They acknowledged the hand that
ruled them, and why should not we?
Now, sir, I acknowledge those principles. I do
not ask you; I do not ask the Senate of the Uni-
ted States; I do not ask the House of Representa-
tives; I do not ask the Government of the United
States; I ask nobody to administer that law. The
author of that law will administer it, whether we
are opposed to it or not; but I do ask Senators,
if they do not choose to recognize it, not to stand
here in the Senate and scoff at it, if I may use the
expression. I do not censure anybody, Mr. Pres-
ident; but I do believe that the safety of the na-
tion, the safety and salvation of man here, as
well as hereafter, depend upon recognizing those
great rules of right which that law prescribes.
That is all I do mean. I do not ask you; I do not
ask anybody; to go into their own hearts and take
their own conscientious notions, and administer
them as the law. I have no such idea. But I ask
here, in the Senate of the United States, that we
should not ignore those great principles of right
which mark and characterize that law. Mr. Pres-
ident, we have all got to be governed by it, and
all our actions have got to be conformed to it or
punished by it, whatever we may say, and what-
ever we may do, and however much we may op-
pose it. Why should men recognize it in almost
every department of business, and here iu the
Government of the United States, where we need
as much wisdom as anywhere else, entirely ig-
nore it ? I read no lesson to any Senator; I read
no lesson to the Government; but I do ask that,
if we do not choose to follow it, that such allu-
sions should not be made to it.
Now, Mr. President, I will pursue what I have
to say in regard to the admission of Kansas under
the Lecompton constitution. I said I was opposed I
to the admission of Kansas under the Lecomnton j
constitution because it carried slavery into that I
State, and because it excluded the free negro from I
that State. I now say that I am opposed to it be-
cause it places the right of property in the slave
above and beyond the constitution, and for aught
that I see, beyond the control of the constitution, j
Such is, in substance, the language of the consti- j
tution,in the article regulating slavery. It is sec- :
tion first, article seventh: j
'• TSie light oi propel tylri before and higher thiin any con- !
stiumonal sanction, and the right of the owner of a slave j
lo &uch slave and its increase is the same, and as inviolable 1
as the light of the owner of any pioperty whatever." j
I do not say, I do not mean to say, that in a j
State where slavery exists by law and is made !
so by positive law, that that may not be true. I ]
do not say that by the mere force of law in a ;
State which tolerates and establishes slavery, that i
laws may not be passed which may not give, by !
the force of law, the same right to a slave audits j
increase that it gives to any other property; but j
I do say that I am opposed to admitting any State |
with a constitution containing provisions like ,
that, for this reason: this constitution, though ;
adopted in form by the people of Kansas, though
they have molded it, and sent it here, and when
admitted as a State it will be declared to be the
constitution of Kansas, and of the people of Kan-
sas, yet it cannot exist except by the passage of
this act, and unless we give it vitality. So if this
constitution goes into operation with this provis-
ion in it, the Congress of the United States, in
fact, passes the provision giving it force, giving
it vitality, and it may be said to be their act. I
dissent from it; I do not understand that the right
to property in a slave is higher than the Consti-
tution. I understand it, as I think I have shown,
to exist by the force of law. I know the report
in 9 Georgia Reports traces it back beyond the
constitution in the State, outside of "the United
States, to the capture in Africa, to the slave
trader, who brings him here and sells him to a
person here; but still I hold it to be entirely under
the control of the Constitution and the law, and
I do not want to sanction anything of this kind.
It is a doctrine which is new, I think, in the Con-
stitution of the United States, and I do not want
to vote to admit a State with that provision in its
constitution, and I do not intend to do so.
You tell me that the people may alter this con-
stitution after they are admitted. I know they
may within the forms prescribed by it. There
are gentlemen who say they may alter it beyond
the form prescribed. I am not going to stop to
argue that point now, although I am prepared to
do so by-and-by. The point is, this provision is
in the constitution now. I have got to vote for the
admission of Kansas with this constitution as it is,
or not vote for it, leaving it to be altered afterwards;
and I do not choose to vote for the constitution as
it is. I prefer that the alteration should be made
first; I propose to say to the people of Kansas,
" stand outside; we do not choose to admit you
under that constitution," and to tell the people
of Kansas why. Let them see if they can form
another constitution, but say to them that we will
not give them that constitution. Ido not propose
to sit down and form a constitution for them; Ido
not claim that right; I propose to say to them we
do not assent to that constitution; there are things
in that constitution which we think should not
be there; we will not admit you under that con-
stitution; take the constitution to your people; let
them amend it if it be agreeable to them to amend
it, and form another, and we will see if you can
form a constitution under which we should be
willing that you should come into the Union. This
is my opinion in regard to it; and I do not choose
to vote for a constitution having that provision in
it. I deny entirely that the right to a slave, and
its increase, is above and beyond the Constitu-
tion; I think it is under the control of the Consti-
tution, and under the control uf law, and should
be under the control of the Constitution and law.
But, Mr. President, I object to this constitution
for another reason. I object to it because it takes
from the people, no matter now whether by fraud
or otherwise, (that is not what I am going to as-
sume,) the power to alter the constitution until
1864. ido not know but that I ought here to allude
to an amendment which I shall propose; I do not
know that I shall get another opportunity of
speaking, as it seems to be the determination to
force the vote. It may be, perhaps, somewhat
out of order to speak of it now; but here in this
constitution we find this remarkable provision:
u Sec. M. After the year 1854, whenever the Legislature
shall think it necessary to amend, alter, or change this con-
stitution, they shall rceommend to the electors a£ the next
general election, two thuds of the members ofcach Xiousc
concurring, to vote for or against calling a convention , and
if it shall appear that a majority of all citizens of the State
have voted for a convention, the Legislature shall, at its
next lcgular session, call a convention, to consist of as many
members as there may lie m the Hou.se of Representatives
at the tune, to he cho-on in the same manner, at the same
places, and hy the same clectois that choose the Iiepiesent-
atives; said delegates <«> elected, bhall meet wi'hm thiee
months after said election, for the purpose of revising,
amending, or changing, the constitution; hut no alteration
shall be made to afiect the rights of property in the owner-
ship of slaves."
Here is an attempt by a provision of the con-
stitution—I do not say whether it can be success-
ful, or whether the people have or have not power
to alter it—on the part of the people who framed
this constitution to perpetuate slavery in that Ter-
ritory forever.
They may alter their constitution, according to
this piovision, after the year 18G4; but any alter-
ation made shall not affect the right of property
in the ownership of slaves. What is the result,
if this is so ? You have slavery in the constitution ■
when the State comes in; you have a provision !
that after 1864 you may alter that constitution; but j
you shall not m any way affect the ownership of ;
slaves Whether that attempt to fasten slavery ;
upon the State may be successful or not, leaving j;
out of the case the power of the people to alter |
this constitution, if you please, I object lo voting jj
for the admission of a State with any such con- 11
stitution. I object to voting for the admission of
a State which makes the pretense even by its con-
stitution to fasten slavery upon the people in that
way, because it leaves the whole question open
There is to be discussion about it; there is to be
division about it, and quarrel over it, which is to
agitate that State; and 1 would have them have a
constitution by which they would have it under
their control. I would not have a constitution
which ties up any subject from the people.
But, Mr. President, I differ entirely from some
gentlemen who say that the people can alter their
constitution any time they please after it is made.
I do not agree with them. I do not think itis so.
I do not know but that a State may be admitted
in a way which shall give the people power of
amendment. The amendment I propose, that the
State should come in on that condition, is with
that view. I do not know but that we have the
power to impose a condition on the admission of a
State. I see by the bill for the admission of Kansas
which has been framed by the Committee on Ter-
ritories, that they say that the State shall be admit-
ted upon condition that they shall not interfere
with the public lands. If you can impose one condi-
tion, oracondition of thatkind, cannot youimpose
a condition that the constitution shall not be con-
strued in a particular way? But they will say
this is an alteration of the constitution. It may
be some check upon the constitution; but I believe
the people have the right and the power, that we
have the right and the power, to so admit a State
upon express condition that nothing in that con-
stitution shall be construed to impair the right or
take away the right of the people to alter that con-
stitution as they may please.
I would like to call the attention of the honora-
ble gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] to this point.
1 would like to call his attention to his amend-
ment, if it be in order, or allowable in the lat-
itude of debate, the amendment not being pre-
cisely under consideration before the Senate. I
understand the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio to be to this cffect: that nothing in
this act shall be construed to prevent the people
from construing it. I have not the amendment
before me.
Mr. WADE, Will the Senator give way for a
motion to adjourn?
Mr. CLARK. If the gentleman desires to make
a motion to adjourn, I will give way, and call for
the yeas and nays on it.
At nine o'clock the yeas and nays were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 24; no
quorum voting:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Clark, Hamlin, King, Stuart,
and Wilson—o.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Blown, Fitch, Green,Gwin, Hammond, Iverson, Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mal-
lory, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, SJidell, Thomson of
New Jersey, Toombs, and Wught—24.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not a quo-
rum voting.
Mr. BIGGS. There is evidently a quorum in
the Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is evident that there is a quorum in the Senate.
Many Senators did not vote.
Mr. TOOMBS. I take it the vote is sufficient.
Less than a quorum can refuse to adjourn just as
well as forty. The Senate have determined that
they will not adjourn.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is very true. Itcloesnot
require a majority to adjourn or to refuse to ad-
journ, but it requires a quorum to proceed with
the business of the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. If that be the case, I move that
the Serjeant-at-Arms bring in the absentees.
Mr. TOOMBS. They are here.
Mr. PUGH. Let them be brought to the bar
of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the gentlemen
present who did not vote be called to the bar of
the Senate. The question may as well be decided
at this time as any other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
the attention of the Senate, for a moment, to one
of the rules of the body. The 16th rule of the
Senate provides that—
" When the yeas and nays shall be called for by one fifth
of the members present, each member called upon shall,
unless for special reason he be excused by the Senate, de-
