1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
mating that lie believed frauds would be perpe-
trated. But eight months ago, who so loud, so
forcible, and so eloquent as the Senator from Illi-
nois in denouncing the party that had insinuated
fraud! On what evidence is it that h.i would in-
sinuate that frauds will be committed in the re-
turns that are to come in when the question of
slavery shall be submitted. I have no right to
impute fraud. I never will impute fraud. Fraud
is to be proved, not presumed. When the honor-
able gentleman occupied a place on the bench, if
an attorney had made an argument like that, he
would bo ready almost to strike his name from
the roll of attorneys. Is there any evidence, or
are there any facts developed in this case which
would justify him in inferring or presuming fraud?
None that I have seen, and he does us injustice
if he has it in his possession and retains it as a
secret; it ought to be developed; it ought to come
before the country m a tangible shape, for we are
as much responsible for our action when that ac-
tion depends on facts as the honorable Senator
l-.imself.
The legal presumption is, that the representa-
tive reflects the will of the represented. There
is no evidence before us conflicting with that legal
presumption. The election has not yet taken
place. Is there any preparation for fraud ? Have
schemes been concocted, have plans been devised
by which fraud is to be perpetrated in the voting
upon that question ? I will not believe it in ad-
vance of the fact itself. Is it for that reason the
honorableSenatorthinks this whole matter should
be reversed, the whole subject thrown back, and
a complete revival of the complication of difficul-
ties that have beset us on our western border ? Is
it because of this anticipated fraud ? I have shown
it cannot be because of the want of an enabling
act, for he has voted the other way in several in-
stances. I have shown that it cannot be for the
want of submitting the whole question to the
people, because he has voted the other way in
several other instances. I have shown that this
convention was legally and constitutionally called.
That he admits. I have shown that the legal pre-
sumption is, that they reflect the will of the peo-
ple. Is there then any rebutting evidence? There
is nothing else in the preceding part of the argu-
ment to justify his now separating from us, and,
when we come to this bifurcated road, his taking
tjie left hand. Is there any reason why he should
do it on this simple, anticipated idea of fraud, on
which there is no particle of evidence before us ?
No; the legal presumption still stands unassailed.
The legal presumption is still potent enough to
justify our action on it, and we must act on it.
In the next place, I have shown that the con-
vention was under no obligation, imposed either
by law or usage, to submit the constitution to a
vote of the people. Further, I have shown, I
think, that a majority of the States entered the
Union with constitutions not previously submitted
to the people. If Kansas has copied the example
set by a majority of its elder sisters, surely
nothing will be urged in complaint against Kan-
gas because it did not follow the minority. It is
true, I heard the Senator commending the rule,
which he says is found in the Minnesota bill.
Here I will remark that, as far as I have ex-
amined the law — and I have examined every
case I could—I find, from the beginning of the
Government, ia 1789, down to the present day,
there never was a prerequisite, even where Con-
gress passed an enabling act, that the result of
the convention should be submitted to the people,
save in the Minnesota bill. It was not in the
Ohio bill; it was not in the Indiana bill, it was
not in the Illinois bill; it was not in the Alabama
bill; it was not in the Mississippi bill. The other
States were formed on their own responsibility,
without an enabling act. In none of those en-
abling acts—not even in the Wisconsin bill—was
there a provision requiring the constitution to be
submitted to the people. In no bill, save one,
that ever passed Congress was any such provision
  contained. If the convention of the Territory of
Kansas deemed it proper to copy the example
which Congress had set, which a majority of
sister States had set, I can see in this no cause
of objection to Kansas at our hands.
Again, I have shown that the only question
about which there is any controversy is separately
submitted to afairvoteof the people. About
this I have no doubt or controversy. The only
question that has been a bone of contention, that
has been the cause of stirring up strife, that
has been made the pretext for assaults on differ-
ent sections of this Union—that one single, im-
portant question, is submitted to a fair vote of
the people. What the result of that vote will be
it is impossible for me to foretell. This much,
however, I can with propriety say: If a majority
of the people there are determined not to have
African slaves, it would be folly, by any scheme,
by any trick, to get up a constitution adverse to
the will of the majority; and hence I am glad this
slavery question is fairly submitted. Although
I greatly prefer having no constitutional and no
legal barriers, though I subscribe most heartily
to the doctrine of climate, of production, and of
vocation, and think it the only sound solution of
this question within the limits of the Federal
Union, still my opinion is not to be set up as dic-
tatorial to influence others. It is but my indi-
vidual property; I shall actupon it so far as I am
able. As it is thus submitted, it is the only ques-
tion of controversy. Who is it that complains of
any provision in the Kansas constitution ? and
who is it that could complain of a provision in
that constitution who did not have a fair oppor-
tunity to make it otherwise, if he is in the ma-
jority? and if be is in the minority, let him com-
plain and gnash his teeth in vain. Minorities
are expected to complain; but it is the duty of
minorities to submit as gracefully as their feel-
ings will well permit. If they were the majority,
they had the opportunity to make it otherwise.
If they did not choose to exercise their right, it
is their fault and their misfortune. If the major-
ity have exercised their legal rights in an honor-
able, upright, and fair manner, they are not to
be forced to give way to a factious minority.
I have also shown there is no legal objection,
and no prudential consideration, to prevent the
admission of Kansas. How, then, are we to
act on this subject? Are we to go back and
travel over the detail of circumstances that oc-
curred in Kansas, so far as presented in the
President's message ? It is unnecessary, except
so far as they bear on the fairness of this con-
vention, the fair opportunity for the free expres-
sion of the will of the people. Whether the
President's reasoning be right or wrong, let it
pass. It ought to commend him for his patriot-
ism, for his disinterested view, and for the sound
conclusion at which he arrives. With this com-
mendation, and with this support, whether he is
right or wrong in saying the law requires the
slave branch of this controverted matter to be
submitted to a vote of the people, I shall not
utter one word of complaint.
There is a still greater object in view than to
look back at the past, and find fault with this or
that proceeding which occurred in Kansas. This
is the President's view. Practical men must take
hold of subjects and act in a practical manner, to
effectuate the most good in a constitutional and
legal way. From all the investigation I have given
to this subject, I am satisfied that the good of
Kansas, the good, the peace, the prosperity of the
whole Union will be affected more or less by the
decision that we make on this Kansas question.
If Congress keeps it open, if excitement is still to
spread through the land, if a system of warfare
is to be gotten up plunging the land in gloom,
and perhaps reaching to the extreme of shedding
human blood, the consequences will be on those
who reopen the slave question, the Kansas ques-
tion, the squatter sovereignty question, or any^
other question connected with the well-being of
Kansas. If there be any question that can be
fairly decided in Kansas, it is the slave question.
I believe that it will be fairly decided there. I
believe the constitution meets the approbation of
a majority of the people of Kansas. In regard to
that, I have no question or doubt, and my belief,
founded- on the slight sources of information I
possess, is at least to be treated as a set-off to the
fear of fraud, and the allegation of improper in-
fluences, on the part of the people of Kansas, as
alleged by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. President, I have thus given my views of
this subject. I have elaborated no single point.
It has been my purpose simply to show that there
is no obstacle in the way, and that there are con-
siderations why, in conformity with the past
action of the country, we should admit Kansas at
once. I believe she has acted as fairly as any
other Territory. I have stated the reason why I
have given my view of the case. Whether the
constitution will come up in the one shape or the
other, is a subject about which I have no right to
express an opinion. Whether it will come up at
al(, or not, I am not able to say, though i appre-
hend it will. -I have only felt bound to meet the
objections urged by the Senator, because I thoughi
they would have a prejudicial effcct upon the
country, and an exceedingly prejudicial effect in
Kansas, where an election is to be held on the
21st of this month. It is true little that I can say
or little that others can say, will reach Kansas
before the election; but, at least, both sides ought
to be partially heard—heard enough, at least, to
compare them together and see which is in con-
formity with the Federal Constitution, and which
is in conformity with the law, which is in con-
formity with the practice of the Government.'
Whether I have succeeded in showing that the
position I take is correct, is, of course, for others
to determine.
Mr. BIGLER obtained the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust I shall be permitted
to say a few words in explanation.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall most cheerfully yield
the floor to the Senator from Illinois, after a very
few remarks. My object is to take the floor—
not to speak to-day, but to move the postpone-
ment of this subject until Monday, unless some
other Senator desires to speak to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will make the motion in
the Senator's name, with that understanding.
Mr. BIGLER. That is satisfactory.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened to the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Green]
with unfeigned pleasure. There has been a fair-
ness in his tone and injiis line of argument which
shows that he has been arguing from his convic-
tions, with the view of stating what he conceives
to be the true, sound aspect of this question. It
is gratifying to me to hear the subject discussed
in that spirit and tone before the Senate. I but
do the Senator justice when I say that he has
presented the question with marked ability and
clearness; and X am inclined to think that the
best view of the subject has been presented to-
day which we shall have from the Senator's side.
I should not utter a word, but for the fact that
the Senator has misapprehended my meaning
and my position on one or two points, and I deem
it due to myself to restate my views on those
points, in order that he, the Senate, and the
country, may see what the true position is. I
acquit him of any intention to misstate; there was
only a misconception. This may have been occa-
sioned by my own fault, as I spoke rapidly,
without preparation, and had no opportunity to
revise the report of my speech. The Senator is
under a misapprehension in supposing that I
have assumed it to be a fatal objection to the
admission of a State into this Union that there
was no enabling act giving the consent of Con-
gress in advance to the formation of a constitu-
tion. I took no such position.
The Senator is also mistaken in supposing that
I took the ground that it was a fatal objection that
the constitution was not submitted to the people
before being sent to Congress for acceptance. I
did not assume that position. My ground was
this: the regular mode of proceeding is by an
enabling act, and if the Territorial Legislature
proceed to call a convention without first having
the assent of Congress to do so, it is irregular, but
not so irregular that it necessarily follows their
constitution cannot be accepted. I argued and
cited the opinion of the Attorney General in the
Arkansas case, to show that, although a Gonven-
| tion called by a Territorial Legislature without
the previous assent of Congress, was irregular,
yet it was not an unlawful assemblage, but was
a body of men having a right to petition under
the Constitution of the United States, and that
bavin" been assembled in convention? more force
ought to bo given to the mode of assemblage, but
that it was not a constitutional body, authorized
. to institute government. In other words, I con-
| tended that a convention, constituted in obedi-
ence to an enabling act of Congress previously
giving assent, is a constitutional body of men,
with powerand authority to institute government;
but that a convention assembled under an act of
the Territorial Legislature, without the assent of
Congress previously given, has no authority to
