2158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 15,
of Minnesota,in favorof an ap'propriadon to com-
plete ihe Point Douglas and St. Louis military
mad; whirh was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the citizens of
' Buchanan, Minnesota, in favor of the northern
Pacific railroad rcuite; which was referred to the
select committee on the Pacific railroad.
He also presented papers relating to the claim
of Lewis Roberts, for indemnification for losses
sustained by Inm by the burning; of certain Indian
supplies while being transported to the Indian
country in November, 1855; which were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
petition of citizens of New York, praying that the
public lands may be laid out in lots or farms of
limited size, for the free and exclusive use of actual
seltlers not possessed of other lands; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
SEIZURE OF J. JVI. AINSA.
Mr. GWIN presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of California, in relation to the release
of J. M. Ainsa, an American citizen, held cap-
tive in Sonora, Mexico; which was read, as fol-
lows:
YVUereas, J. M. Ainsa. an American citizen, purs-uins: a
ppacpfui occupation on American soil, was,on the ni«iHoi'
the IOth or Ilih or' Apul, 1857, an Gated bv an ai met! baml
of Mexicans at the j-roie of ]\Ie-«i*. Belknap St Dunbai. in ,
the G;wl-d"ii Purchase, and conducted thertoe, a pmonertn
ehain1*, to Hermo^ello. amf thence to the pint of Guvnus
in Sonoia. where he ha-since been detained a^eapuve;
and \vh«n*a-, it the duty of the Ameucan Government, at '
nil tinier and undei all circumstances, to protect the lived 1
ami property of its citizens: Therefoie, I
Rc-ohwl, That th" Governor ot California be instructed, '
nnd he k- hereby autlion7.o(|,to comtmsmeate vvitii the Pros- :
ldent of the United Staler,>etunc (oiih these fact-, and ^uoh 5
othei testimony as mav bo funiMiod hint in the piemi-es I
and teque<iin<i thai ofli<*ei to iw the powei of the O'-iiei.il
Govei ii men I, so far a-, lie w enabled, to etf.'et the reh-a-e of
the ^nd Aur-a, and ins i coloration To all the i i<;ht-< and mt- j
inuuine- of which he was pos>e^ed befoie -aJ(] aue.-i r.nd 1
jinnnvopuif'nt !
Ranh-rH, That the Governor be ie<p!o-?!cd to forward i
copies of th^f M--olt,tiori-< to the President of the United ,
^tai^s and each oi oui Senatois and Representatives in 1
c;om«io^. , j
Mr. GWIN. Mr. P resident, the young gen- ;
tleman, Mr. Ainsa, to whom these resolutions of j
the Legislature of California refer, is a brother- i
in-law of the gallant Colonel Crabb, who, with ;
his brave associates, was massacred in Sonora, j
more than a year ago, through the instrumental- 1
ity of (ho very man who invited and advised tho
expedition, The history of that bloody tragedy I
is unwritten; and it seems to be the earnest en- j
rleavorof those who planned the butchery of that 1
ill-fated patty to dean oy all evidence of the pait
they acted in inviting Colonel Crabb into the coun-
try. Mr. A.nsa is perhaps the only living wit- i
ness who eould tell the whole of this horrible h is- '
tory; and hence his seizure on A merican soil, and
subsequent detention as a captive at Guymas. j
Mr. President, 1 cannot restrain the expression .
of indignant denunciation of the atrocious arts of 1
murdei, robbery, and captivity, to which our cit- :
izens on tlie borders of Mexico and the northern
Pacific Mexican coast have been subjected within ,
the last few years, and the absence of successful 1
efforts on the part of our Government to visit the ;
guilty parties with sunimai y punishment. In the '
case of Mr, Ainsa, he was in the employ of Mr, 1
Dnnba \ an American citizen engaged in com- '
mercial pursuits within our boundaries. At the ■
same place, four American citizens were ruth- 1
les^ly murdi n d by Mexicans stimulated by their
desn e for plunder and hatred of our people. They :
have gone unwhipp^d of justice, as have the cap-
tors of young Ainsa. liis father, now and for many 1
years a respected citizen of California, whose
daughters are intermai ned with our most re-,
specred citizens, is a native of Sonora; but is now, i
with h is wons, an Ameilean citizen. Since the e p- :
ture of tins young man, he has been forced to sign :
papers denying that he was an American citizen, 1
to put a stop to the intervention of our Govern - '
ment in his behalf. His case was brought before !
theSepatorsand Representatives m Congiessfrom
California last summer Dy his distressed family; j
and we united in a letter to our Minister to Alex- !J
ico, earnestly urging hini to exert ins influence to ■!
procure Mr. Ainsa \s release from captivity and J
re^toiatlon to his home.
In reply to our latter of the 8th of August last, ''
he said that the President, of the Republic, Gen-
eral Comonfort, had " that day issued an order
that Ainsa should be restored to Sonorita, where
he had been illegally seized, and at the proper
costs of the Mexican Government," thus con-
fessing all the facts charged. The authorities of
Sonora have paid no attention to the order; and as
Mr, Forsyth, our Minister, further says:
" This Government has not a shadow of authority in So-
nora ; in fact, that State is as alien to tbi* capital as is San
Francisco; and when, as I thought. Mr. Ainsa had been s.et
at liberty, according to the engagements of the Government,
I find, bv your letter, that he has not; and as tins countty
is now in revolution, I find it utterly impossible to do any-
thing in this matter until peace and order are restored."
And when, Mr. President, will that time come ?
And are our citizens to be held captive because
! there is no stable Government to be held respon-
sible for these detentions? I have applied to the
Secretary of the Navy to have a steamship of
war ordered to the Mexican Pacific coast, to pro-
tect our citizens in their lives, liberty, and prop-
erty; and have received the response that none
can be spared from other service I shall move
to refer these resolutions of my State to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations; and earnestly ask
require not less than $3,000,000 to make the ap-
propriations which are -prayed for, and thought
that in the present and prospective condition of
the Treasury, it would be inexpedient, if no
other objection could be raised to canying on
these works. They concluded with almost entire
unanimity to make no appropriations except for
the repair of works which, without such immediate
appropriations, would go into destruction: and
with that view, they have instructed me to report,
in accordance with the recommendations of the
toposrraphical engineers of the War Department,
certain bills in lieu of those which have been sent
to the committee from the Senate. These bills
are some twenty in number. I suppose it is un-
necessary to read them over.
It is proper, perhaps, to say, that in accordance
with the view of the committee and their instruc-
tions, I addressed a letter to the Secretary of War,
advising; him that the committee had determined to
report no biil for the improvement of rivers or har-
bors, except in such cases as the corps of engineers
supervising those works believed was indispensn-
, their attention to the subject. I hope this Con- ij ble to the preservation of works already made,
gress will not adjourn before means are placed
! ,at the disposal of the Government to demand not
only the release of Mr. Ainsa, but to redress the
numerous outrages perpetrated upon our citizens
in that portion of the Mexican Republic. I move
that the resolutions bo referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY,from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of inhabitants
of the town of Duxbury, Massachusetts, engaged
and interested in the cod and haddock fisheries,
reported adversely thereon, and asked that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sidemtion of the subject; which w-as agreed to.
Air. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred fi memorial of H^zekiah
Miller, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 217) to
constitute Montgomery, in the State of Alabama,
a port of delivery, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John Gray-
son, submitted a report, accompanied by a joint
resolution, (S. No. 38) for the relief of John
Grayson. The resolution was read and passed
to a second rending: and the report was ordered
to be printed.
and requesting him to furnish the committee with
a list of such works, and such appropriations as
would come within that class; and these bills have
been drawn in accordance with the answer re-
ceived from the War Department.
The petitions and memorials referred to by Mr.
Clay were as follows:
A memorial of a committee of the corporation
of Georgetown, praying an appropriation for the
removal of the mud in the har -or of that town;
a memorial of a committee of the corporation of
Georgetown, praying an appropriation for the
improvement of the navigation of that place; a
petition of citizens of California, praying that an
appropriation may be made for the survey of the
harbor of Crescent City, with a view to the con-
struction of a breakwater; a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Iowa, in favor of an appropriation
of money for a double-tutck railroad around the
lower lapids in the Mississippi river, on the west
side of the river; resolutions of the Legislature
of Massachusetts, m favor of a scientific survey
of the harbor of Boston; resolutions of the Legis-
lature of New Jersey, in favor of appropriations
for the better preservation of life and property in
case of shipwreck, and for the more effective
working of the Government apparatus on the
coast of New Jersey; a petition of the inhabitants
of Jefferson county, New York, praying for the
construction of a breakwater at the port of Cape
"Vincent; memoual of underwriters of Philadel-
phia, praying that a steam revenue cutter may be
Mi'.' DAVIS, from the Committee on Military ,! ,built a\t"ft plane' an?. statlonfd 111 the Delaware
[fill 1-8 am! .Vlilifm. who wc™. inafnrt<.H ,-J- P baJT ana the coast adjacent thereto; petition
Affairs and Militni, who were instructed by a res
oiution of the Senate of the 3d instant to inquire ;j
into the subject, submitted a report accompanied i!
by a bill {S. No. 367) to provide for the payment 'I
of certain California claims. The bill was lead, j
and passed to a second reading; and the report ,
was ordered to be printed. i-
He nUo, from the same eommittee, to whom 1
was referred the report of the Secietary of War ■'
communicating, in compliance with a resolution :
o_f the Senate, the reports of the officers sent to ,i
Europe in 1855, to collect information in relation
to mt'itary affairs, so far as they have not been
heretofore communicated to the Senate, reported -1
a joint lesolution (.3. No. 39) directing the print- j:
mg of certain reports therein mentioned; which -i
was read twice by its title, and referred to the]1
Committee on Printing.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a petition of Eliza
certain persons calling themselves Hollanders,
adopted citizens of Michigan, praying for the im-
provement of Black Lake harbor, in that State,
and compensation for a pule-dnver lost while in
ihe spryicc of the United States; petition of citi-
! zens of Florida, praving that a light-house or
t iight-hoat may be placed at Bacon Rock, about
■ ten miles west of Bayport; memorial of the Le-
■ gislature of Wisconsin, m favor of the erection
, of ti at the mouth of Kcwanee river;
| petition of citizens of W isconsm, praying for the
; ejection of a li^ht-house at Ivewanee; -memorial
| of B. D. Hills and others, praying for the erec-
; tion of a light-house at the mouth of the Kewa-
; nee river, Wisconsin; two petitions of citizens of
; Michigan, praying for the improvement of the
harbors of Mackinaw City, and the erection of a
! fort, a light-house, and a custom-house, at that
U1„1 lM ; ptfint; petmun of the residents of Ohio, praying
E. O^clen, submitted a report accompanied by a : l|ie miPro'vcmcnt of the harborof Mackinaw City,
' " ' " ~rs F!i7a"F ■ eroct,on °^a light-house and a custom-house
lull (3. No, 3C*$) for the lehef of Mrs. Ehza'E.
Ogden. The bill was read, and passed to a .sec-
ond reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS,
Mr. CLATc. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom were referred various bills for the im-
provement of certain rivers and harbors, together
with the nieinoitaiy and iesolutions of several
State Legislatures in behalf of the same or similar
works, have had the subject under consideration,
and have instructed me to report that they think
it inexpedient to make the appropi lations prayed
for m the several bills and resolutions. The com-
miitee found, on careful estimate, that it would ,
; thereat, also, a fort for the protection of the cities
on Lfike Michigan; petition of citizens of Lock-
port, 2\v,w \orif, praying for the construction of
a harbor of refuge at ISew Buffalo, Michigan; res-
,< oiution of the legislature of Michigan, in favor
;t of an appropriation for the repair of the St. Mary's
Falls shipcana!; petition of citizens of Ashtabula
i; county, Ohio, praying for the improvement of
1 i Ashtabula harbor; memorial and resolution of
,, the Legislature of Nebraska, piaying fur an ap-
' propriation to bridge the Piatte river;" petition of
citizens of Ashtabula, Ohio, praying for the
I repair or rebuilding of the light and pTer at that
( place; resolutions of the boaid of trade of Cleve-
j land, Ohio, in favor of an appropriation of public
