THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ffr,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1857.
New Series. .. .No. 4.
ively, for the people of Kansas to form their con-
stitution. We have a legislative construction by
the Congress of the United States, guarantying
that right to them. If the mere ordinance of 1787
conferred on the people of Michigan the power,
(which is disproved by the acts of Congress in
four cases out of the five in the Northwest Terri-
tory to which the ordinance of 1787applied,) the
same argument proves that an enabling act does
exist for Kansas.
That is not all. The Senator said he referred
to it for the purpose of taking away one of the
instances to which I referred with so much gusto.
I did refer to it with pleasure; but he fails to take
it away; or, if he does, he supplies an enabling
act for Kansas; and he may take his choice of
the positions. If he does not take it away, the
argument I before made stands unanswered. If
he does take it away, he proves the existence of
an enabling act for Kansas, which is the very
question we are talking about. He may take
either horn of the dilemma.
. He says I misconstrued him; that he did not
mean to say this, that, or the other, was conclu-
sive why we should notadmit Kansas. I did not, j
I hope, represent him as saying that either one i
of those objections was conclusive why we should j
Bot; but he urged them as objections to the ad- i
mission of Kansas, and I answered his objections, j
tie did not say in his chain of argument that the ]
want of an enabling act was conclusive why Kan-
sas must be rejected, but it was one of the links
of the chain, and I thought it best to break caeh
link, one at a time. I broke the link of an en-
abling act, or tried to do so. I bioke the link of!
previous submission of the constitution to the |
people, or tried to do it, and, as a conclusive
example, I instanced his own State, the constitu- j
tion of which was not submitted to the people. I
have shown by examples in theGovernment that.
a large majority of the State constitutions were !
never submitted to the people before they were |
admitted as States, and, hence, I am urging no j
Xiew doctrine, I am propagating no new theories.
"We stand upon the practices of our republican
fathers, and but follow in the footsteps of George ]
Washington and Andrew Jackson.
But the Senator says, when Territories have
O,o enabling act, and the constitution has not been
submitted to the people, Congress may, or may
not, admit them into the Onion as States. I un-
derstand him as taking that position. Very well.
There is no physical compulsion that can be
brought to bear in any case to compel Congress
to admit any State. There is a moral obligation,
and that appeals to us. I hold that th&t moral
obligation exists not only as strongly, but, per-
haps, forty thousand times stronger, in regard
to Kansas, than any State which has ever pre-
sented itself at our doors for admission. No
armies could march to this Capitol, and compel
Congress to admit Texas, California, Illinois,
Missouri, or any other State. There is no phys-
ical compulsion on us to aiimit Kansas into this
Union. There is 110 legal objection, there is no
prudential consideration, why it should not be
done. Is there not a moral obligation to do it?
That is the question. That moral obligation
exists as strongly in regard to Kansas, as it ever
did in regard to Illinois; and if the constitution of
Kansas has not been submitted, neither was the
constitution of Illinois, neither was the constitu-
tion of Missouri; and I would be very unfair to
Kansas if I sought to apply a rule and a prin-
ciple to it that were not applied to my own State
when it was admitted.
Missouri came and asked admission into this
Union, having formed a State government in
compliance with what gentlemen arc pleased to
call, in this latter day, an enabling act. which
imparts, as I before remarked, no new power to
^he people. All it does is to give, in advance,
the assent of Congress, which maybe given sub-
sequent to the formation of a constitution for
admission. The one is as regular as the other;
the one is as legal as the other, and the latter is
the safer of the two; for, as the Senator admits,
and as I contended, if Congress give the assent
in advance, that State stands as an independent
State, in spite of the Federal Union, and nothing
but physical power can ever bring her into the
Union, except her voluntary action in conjunction
with your voluntary action.
But again: the Senator thinks I misapprehended
him in regard to the submission of the consti-
tution. If I make any blunders, I will take great
pleasure in correcting them. I undertook to show
that the mere technical phraseology of this in-
strument was not the subject to be determined.
It was its legal construction, and that we, as
judges or statesmen, must pass sentence on its
purport and meaning. What is its purport and
meaning? That but one single subject is sub-
mitted for the consideration of the voters; that
the whole subject was before them when they
voted for the members of the convention; that if
they stayed away, they stayed away in their own
wrong; that they did ll.eir duty when tliey voted
for members of the convention; that that conven-
tion w^s as legal and regular as any that ever sat
in the whole limits of tins Confederacy; and that
this one question submitted to them is presented
to them from a mere consideration of propriety
and policy, and not from any legal compulsion
whatsoever. This was my position.
iNro\\{, is the fair construction of this clause of
the schedule in accordance with the position I
take; or is it in accordance with the position as-
sumed by the Senator from Illinois ? The sev enth
section of the schedule says:
'■ Tluu this consntuuon s!i;iil be submitted to the Con-
gress of' tlii3 United State-? at ne^t ensuing sc^ion, and
as soon as official information In-* been received that it is
approved by the same, by the admission"—
For that is the only approving they have to do—
" of the State of Kansas as one of the sovereign States of
the United States, the president of this convention shall
issue his pioclamation to convene the State Legislature at
the seat of government within thirty-one dajsaftei publi-
cation. Should any vacancy occur by death, resignation,
oi omenvi&e, m the Logidature or other office, lie shall
order an election to fill such vacancy: Pi ovided, however,
In case of refusal, absence, or disability of the president of
this convention to dischaige the duties herein imposed on
him, the president pro tempore of this convention shall per-
form said duties ; and 111 ease of absence, refusal, or dis-
ability of the presidentpro tempore, a committee consisting
i ofs.e\«*n, or a lu.ijouty of them, shall discharge the duties
: requiH-'d oi thf president of this convention."
< Then comes the section marked '' eleven,"
! which has reference to the mode of submitting to
the people of Kansas whether they will have sla-
very in the constitution, or whether slavery shall
i be stricken oat of the constitution. It is in this
; language:
; a Before this constitution shall be sent to Congress."
j It never takes effect until the admission of the
: State by Congress. Before it shall be sent to
i Congress certain ihings shall be done. The ques-
j tion on which I intended to correct the Senator
was, that the constitution, as the constitution of
; a State government, never is to take effect unless
j Kansas be admitted by Congress into the Union.
I '• Before this constitution shall be sent to Congress for
' admission into the Union as a State, it shall be subaut-
; ted"—
• What is to be passed upon r Let us see.
—to all the white male inhabitants of this Temtory for
approval or disapproval, as lollows:"
What is to be approved ? It is submitted to
| them to be approved or not approved, on what
point? Why, "as follows." What does fol-
low:
—<• The president of this convention shall, by proclama-
tion, declare that on the 21st day of December. 1857, at the
different election precincts now established by law, or
which maj be established, as heiein provided, 111 the Ter-
utoiv of Kansas, an election shall be held, over which shall
preside three judges, or a majority of them, to be appointed
as follows: The president or this convention shall appoint
three commissioners in each county m the Territory, whose
duty it shall be to appoint three judges of election m the
seveial precincts of their respective counties. <tnd to estab-
lish precincts for vot tng, and to cause }>olit, to be opened at
such places as they may deem proper in their respective coun-
ties, at which election the constitution framed by this con-
vention shall be submitted."
How ?
(i To all the white male inhabitants of the Territory of
Kansas in the said Territory upon that day, and over the
age of twenty-one years, for ratification or rejection, iA'ttte
following manner and form."
The term "ratification" and the t^rm 4c rejec-
tion" are both used, but to what had they refer-
ence? "For ratification or rejection in the fol-
lowing manner and form." It has reference to
the only one thing submitted to them. Wh%t is
that?
'•'The voting shall be by ballot. The judges of 3aid elec-
tion shall cause to be kept two poll-books by two clerks by
them appointed. The ballots cast at ajud election shall be
indorsed, 'constitution with slavery'."
Not "for constitution" and "for slavery."
There is but one vote cast—not for two things. It
is for one thing; the vote is cast" constitution with
slavery,"or on the other side," constitution with
no slavery." So that there is but one single point
submitted to the people on which they can vote,
or were intended to vote, by the mode in which
this question was submitted. I remarked on the
word " ratified," that it did not mean the whole
constitution should be ratified and fixed and de-
termined, but that the people were to fix, settle,
and determine that which had not been fixed, set-
tled, and determined, to wit; whether there should
be a clause sanctioning slaveryin the constitution
or not. The last section is as follows:
" Sec. 16. This constitution shall take effect and be in
force trom and alter its ratification by the people, as her<j-
inbcfoic provided."
Its ratification means settling and determining,
as before remarked; but it is to take effect " as
hereinbefore provided." It is provided that it shall
not take effect until Kansas has been admitted by
Congress as one of the sovereign States of the
Union. The people of Kansas have never pro-
posed, and do not propose,in this constitution to
erect a government in opposition to Federal au-
thority. They have been pursuing Federal au-
thority from the inception of their movements
down to the present period of time. It mel the
sanction of the local government; it met the sanc-
tion of the executive power, and they have thus
been acting in conformity with the Federal Gov-
ernment. When thus finished, it says it shall not
go into operation until admitted as a sovereign
State. Do they propose to elect. Governors and
judges, who are to be sworn into office and ad-
minister the government in opposition. to.the.Fed~
oral Government? Do they assume the..sov-
ereignty of the Territory embraced within their
boundaiies? Nothing like that, whatever. We
must not stop on a simple phrase or a single sen-
tence, but take the whole scope of it together,
and give it a fair construction; not the construc-
tion of a critic who is hunting for something to
which to find objection, but a fair, reasonable con-
struction; and that construction is in strict con-
formity with what I have before stated it to be.
When the Senator says he wants a constitu-
tion that will reflect the will of the people, I re-
spond to him as heartily,and say I want no other
kind of constitution. I must say, however, that
when his bill says to the people of the Territory
they may fix this constitution in their own way,
and they have seen proper to take a way he did
j not approve, he has no powfer to supervise them;
unless, indeed, he is prepared to trample under
foot the very principles asserted in that bill.
I have also asserted, and again repeat, that the
people can act as effectually, and completely,
through delegates representing them in conven-
tion, as in any other way. Who in this Govern-
ment would rise and say that the presumption is,
not that the laws passed by Congress are ap-
proved by the States and the people? Who would
rise and say the presumption is that the laws
of the State Legislatures afford ho intendment
that they emanate from the people ? It is sub-
versive of the whole representative principle; it
strikes at the foundation of republican govern-
ment in this great Confederacy. Even if another
way be preferred and be believed to be most in
accordance with what Democracy requires, still
it is for the Territory and not for the Federal
Government to decide.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Missouri
