THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
•will not find an enabling act in the treaty with
France. True, the treaty provides that the in-
habitants of the territory ceded by France to
the United States shall be admitted into the Union
as soon as possible, according to the principles of
the Federal Constitution—not when there shall
be sixty thousand inhabitants, not when there
shall be any particular number of inhabitants,
but as soon as may be consistent with the prin-
ciples of the Federal Constitution. Nor does it
provide with what boundaries they should be
admitted. We admitted the inhabitants of Lou-
isiana, then those of Missouri, then those of
Arkansas, then those of Iowa, until we had thus
admitted all the inhabitants there were in the
country acquired from France. There was
waste country still left, but there was no time
fixed by the treaty, no data laid down by which
it could be determined when or how they should
be admitted into the Union. Thus it has been
reserved to Congress to determine when they
may have the requisite population. It is for
Congress to determine what shall be the bound-
aries. It is not for the people of a Territory to
say authoritatively what boundaries they shall
take. On the contrary, Congress has always re-
served and insisted on the right of establishing
the boundaries, and such is undoubtedly the
case in the Kansas-Nebraska act.
Congress never intended that Kansas should
necessarily have a right to come into the Union
with her present boundaries; for the organic act
expressly reserves to Congress the right to alter
and divide the Territory, and attach parts of it
to other Territories. In the enabling act which
the Senate passed last year, we cut off about one
third of the present Territory of Kansas, and pro-
vided for the admission of the remainder as a
State. We never contemplated bringing her into
the Union with the boundaries fixed by the organic
act, and by the Lecompton constitution. Will it
bo contended that the Kansas-Nebraska bill con-
templated bringing the whole of Nebraska into
the Union as one State ? Does that act authorize
the people of Nebraska to form a constitution
when they please, and to come into the Union
with a territory eight times as large asNewYork ?
Certainly it was never the intention of that organic
act to confer on the people of a Territory the au-
thority of saying that they will come in when
they please, with as few or as many inhabitants
as they please, with such boundaries as they
choose, absorbing the whole waste country of the
United States, and making an empire instead of
a State.
The meaning of the Kansas-Nebraska act was,
that when the time should come for them to form
a State government, they should be admitted into
the Union with or without slavery, as their con-
stitution might proscribe, and that they should
be left perfectly free to decide on their local and
domestic institutions for themselves; but there
was no pledge, no authority given to them to form
a State with the extended limits included within
the Territory, nor to form a State at all until
Congress should determine that they were au-
thorized to form a State. It was for the very
reason that the Kansas-Nebraska act did notcon-
tain an enabling provision that President Pierce,
in his message at the first session of the last Con-
gress, recommended to Congress to pass an en-
abling act authorizing the people of Kansas to
form a constitution when they should have the
requisite population. The President said:
" This, u seems to me, can be best accomplished by pro-
viding that, when the inhabitants of Kansas may desire it,
nnd shall be of sufficient number to constitute a State, a
conventionofdeleguteSjduly elected by the qualified voter?,
shall assemble to frame a constitution, and thus* prepare,
through regular and lawful means, for its admission into
the Union as a Slate. I respectfully recommend the en-
actment of a law to that effect."
This message proves that, in the estimation of
President Pierce and his administration, in the
beginning of 1856, the time had not then arrived
for the admission of Kansas, because she had not
the requisite population, and also that an enabling
act was necessary to give her authority to pro-
ceed to form a constitution and State government.
Now, sir, let us see how the Committee on Ter-
ritories of the Senate that year understood it.
Here is the response of the committee to the
President's message;
" In compliance with the first recommendation, vour
committee ask leave to report a bin authorizing the Legis-
lature of the Territory to provide by law for the election of
delegates by the people, and the assembling of a convention
to form a constitution and State government pieparatoiy to
their admission into the Union on an equal footing wjj.h
the original States, so soon as it shall appear, by a census
to be taken under the direction of the Governor, by the
authority of the Legislature, that the Territory contains
ninety-three thousand four hundred and twenty inhabitants
— that being the number required by the present rauo of
representation for a member of Congress."
Thus, the Committee on Territories in 1856
responded to the recommendation of President
Pierce, and the Senate responded to the report
by passing through the body a bill authorizing;
the people of Kansas to form a constitution and
State government. This shows that I am not the
only man who construes the Nebraska bill to mean
that an enabling act is necessary before the right
of admission into the Union becomes complete.
I show you that the President of the United
States, who approved the bill, the President who
made it an administration measure, so understood
it at the time, and so declared in his message. I
show you that the Committee on Territories
which drafted the Nebraska bill, so understood it
at that time. I show you that the same Senate
which passed the Nebraska bill by the votes of
the identical Senators who passed that bill, thus
construed it at the time.
It is too late now to say that neither the Pres-
ident who signed the Nebraska bill, nor the com-
mittee who reported it, nor the Democratic Senate
who passed it, understood it. The evidence can
be accumulated mountain high, that it was the
true intent and meaning of the act, as we ex-
pounded it at the time, that the people should be
left fiee to form their institutions in their own
way up to the last moment of admission—not
slavery only, but all local and domestic institu-
tions in contradistinction to Federal or national
institutions. They have as much right to vote on
the banking system, the judiciary system, the
taxation system, the school system, as they have
to vote on the slavery question.
The Senator tells us that the Nebraska bill
meant only the slavery question, because we bore
felt 110 interest in anything else. It may be that
the people of Missouri felt no interest in anything
else. It may be that the people of Illinois felt no
special interest about the banking system or school
system of Kansas. It may be that the people of
Virginiadid not earn what sort of a taxing system
Kansas might have; but does it follow that the
people of Kansas did not care ? The people of
Kansas had an interest in the taxation system,
in the school system, in the banking system, in
the judiciary system, in the elective franchise.
These local and domestic institutions were every-
thing to them. We did not care about them.
Why? Because they were none of our business.
The Senator says that I ought not to refer to
these questions,because I have no right to a voice
in them. _ True, i have no right to a voice in then-
local institutions, but the peopleof Kansas have;
and it is my duty to see that tney have a free and
untrammeled expression of that voice upon all
their institutions. I deny that you have a repub-
lican constitution unless that is done. A consti-
tution forced 011 a people against their will is not
a republican constitution within the spirit of our
institutions. Itisnoaigumcnl to say that this con-
stitution is an excellent one. You have no right
to cram agood thing down thethroats of the people
of Kansas against their will. It strikes at the fun-
damental principles of liberty. This question
between us is radical. It is whether that people
shall be permitted to form their own constitution,
and whether the constitution under which they
are to live shall embody their will or not. It is
not a matter of form whether the constitution
shall be submitted to them. That is but one mode
of obtaining the evidence of the factof their will.
The President says it is the best mode, and I
agree with him, the piinciple bemg that their will
is the great essential sine qua non before you can
bring them into the Union as a State.
Then, Mr. President, the simple question comes
back, ihall that people have the authority to form
and regulate their institutions to suit themselves?
The Senator says we may admit them if we see
proper, and ought to do so, in order to terminate
the controversy. Sir, I will do anything that is
right, anything that is just, in order to terminate
this controversy. No man living is so anxious
for its termination as I am. I will sacrifice every-
thing but principle and honor, and my country,
in order to close this controversy. But how are
you to close it? You must close it on principles
of eternal justice and truth, or it will not stay
closed. You must terminate it on the principle
of self-government, or the constitution under
which the people are to live is not republican. No
patching up, no system of trickery by which the
majority are cheated by the minority, will settle
this question. Instead of producing peace, that
will only be the beginning of undue controversy.
When the broad fact stands admitted before the
world that this constitution is the act of a mi-
nority, and not of the majority, the injustice
becomes the more manifest and the more mon-
strous. The only reason for not submitting the
constitution fairly is, that it would be voted down
if it were submitted. This is an admission that
it is the act of a minority, not of a majority. Do
you expect that you will restore peace and quiet
to the country by forcing upon a people a consti-
tution which does not embody their will ? I tell
you that you will have to avail yourselves of the
recommendations of the message to increase the
Army, and to use the military power of this
country if the majority is to be subjected to the
oppression of a minority. I trust there will be
no outbreak, no violence. I will use every influ-
ence, by counsel and exertion, to insure submis-
sion; but I fear the result if you shall use power
to coerce a majority of four fifths into subjection
to a minority of one fifth.
But, sir, weare told that they oughtto submit,
because they can easily get rid of this constitu-
tion. The President says they may change it im-
mediately after their admission. Ah! how is that?
The constitution formed at Lecompton, provides
that it may be changed after the year 1861, by a
convention called by two thirds of the Legislature.
I hold it to beaprincipleoflaw.thatwhen a con-
stitution provides for its own change at a particu-
lar time and in a particular manner, that excludes
all other times and all other modes. I undertake
to say that any court in Christendom would thus
construe this constitution. When it says that it
may be amended at one time, it excludes all other
times. When it says it may be amended in one
mode, it excludes all other modes. Will you tell
me that the Constitution of the United States can
be changed by a town meeting, or a mass meeting,
or in any othermode than that pointed out in tho
mstrumentitself? No,sir! There is no constitu-
tional modes by which this constitution of Kan-
sas, if once in force, can be changed before 1864.
There is another mode—a revolutionary mode. It
is by the Legislature first coming together, taking
an oath to support the constitution, and then pro-
ceed to call a convention to change it, in violation
of the constitution and of the oath. Suppose they
should do this, and the convention thus called
should make a constitution and establish a new
government, and the old government should re-
fuse to surrender the possession, who would be
Governor—the one elected under the old consti-
tution or the new? You would have two govern-
ments in operation at the same time, one under
the old and the other under the new constitution,
and you would call on the Army to decide be-
tween them.
The scheme is a scheme of civil war. It leads
directly to war. If I ever voted for it, I should
cxpect to vote also for an increase of the Army,
ana for supplies to the Army, to enforce it at the
point of the bayonet. It means violence, or it
means the subjection of the majority to the mi-
nority. I beseech Senators to pause before they
commit themselves to so fatal a step. I beseech
all to pause and see whether this is right or wrong,
for on this matter we are free from party ties.
The Senator from Missouri and myself agree that
the President has not made it an Administration
measure. We agree that he has not recommended
it in his message. We agree, therefore, that eveiy
man on this floor is at liberty to go for oragainst
it without changing his party ties or affecting his
party relations. Why, then, can we not stop and
pause before we rush on to a step that not only
rends asunder the Democratic party, but threatens
the peace and perpetuity ®f the Union itself.
It will not do to tell me that the President is in
favor of it. Sir, I believe the President to be a
frank, a bold, an honest man. 1 will not believe
that he will make any measure a party one which
he does not recommend in his message. I will
not believe that he would ask his party to go for
