1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16.
remember the abortive treason of Burr; and
the movements for nullification in South Carolina,
in J832, dissipated by the pen of General Jack-
son, whose proclamation at the time invoked a
demonstration of devotion to the Union from the
people of every one of the United States.
Recollections of the conventions at Hartford and
at Nashville remind us that the idea of dissolving
(he Union has been imputed to some and enter-
•tained by others in this country. I have never
.believed that the people of any State of the Union
favored it; although it has become too common to
talk of itin the Halls of Congress, and to pass res-
olutions on that subject in party conventions and
State Legislatures.
For the purpose of extending slavery into Kan-
sas, a great wrong has been committed against the
principles of republican government, and against
the rights of the people of that Territory. Let
the Federal Government retrace its steps; restore
the Administration to the principles and practices
of Washington and Jefferson; abandon the Le-
compton constitution; withdraw the troops from
Kansas; permit the people to make a constitution
for themselves; admit the State into the Union as
every; other State has been admitted, in the con-
stitutional manner in which her people desire to
come—and the wrong which has been done, great
as it is, may be forgiven. The country would be
at peace; and, in rejoicing over the return of the
Government to reason, might forget the past.
Persist in accomplishing the object for which
so much has been ventured by the present Ad-
ministration and the one which last preceded it—
attempt to force the Lecompton constitution upon
the people of Kansas by the authority of an act
of Congress, and the power of the Federal Army
—and you will have insubordination, resistance,
bloodshed, civil war. The people of Kansas will
never consent to have slavery established among
them; they will never accept the Lecompton con-
stitution; they have already rejected it. In such
an issue of blood between the Federal Army and
the people of Kansas, the Government will be
wrong, and the people of Kansas will be right.
Will the people of the States remain spectators of
the conflict? They will not. The people of Kan-
sas are the countrymen and the kindred of the
people of the States. Your law opening the Ter-
ritory for settlement invited them to go there. Let
the Federal Army spill American blood in Kan-
sas, and you kindle afire which the Federal Gov-
ernment and its Army cannot extinguish.
Who, Mr. President, is responsible for the long
series of wrongsoutof which these troubles come?
And who can bo held accountable to the country
for pernicious acts occurring during, so large a
space of time, performed in so many places, and
participated in by so many and various persona,
for two successive Administrations of the Govern-
ment?
Plan, system, design, moving and directing the
action of all the varied agencies to a common end
and object, are now plainly visible, from the act
repealing the Missouri compromise to the bill be-
fore us, which proposes to impose the slave con-
stitution of the Lecompton convention upon the
people of Kansas.
The act of the Congress that repealed the Mis-
souri compromise; the course of President Pierce,
stimulated to be a candidate for renomination,
and persuaded to rely upon the authors of this
scheme for his success; the institution of the blue
lodges in the State of Missouri; the resignation of
office by the President of this Senate, who went
straight from the Capitol in Washington to or-
ganize in those lodges, on the borders of Mis-
souri, the armed invasion of Kansas; the march
from thatState of forty-nine hundted armed men,
not residents of Kansas, organized 111 companies
and detachments, to the places for holding the I
elections in that Territory; their seizure of the i
polls on the day of the election, and their appoint- |
mentofjegislators for Kansas by force and usurp- 1
ation; the recognition of that usurpation as the i
government of Kansas by the Administration of
General Pierce; the odious and oppressive laws
they enacied; the indictments for treason against j
the usurpation in the Federal courts of the Terri-
tory, which were never tried; the total prostration
of the rights of franchise in elections; the repeated
removal of Governors who refused or failed to
sustain the proceedings of the usurpers; the tie-
ejsion of the Supreme Court of the United States
in the case of Dred Scott; the Lecompton conven-
tion and its constitution, with the faithless assur-
ances to the people of Kansas that the constitu-
tion for their State should be submitted to their
vote for adoption or rejection; the quartering large
bodies of Federal troops in Kansas; the election
of State officers ordered by the Lecompton conven-
tion, appointing the president of the convention
(Mr. Calhoun) sole judge of the elections; the false
and fraudulent returns of votes at that election,
now and for nearly three months in the possession
of Mr. Calhoun, md his refusal to decide who
were elected until Congress shall have acted on the
constitution; and the bill now here to impose the
Lecompton constitution upon the people of Kan-
sas—arc all parts of one continued plan and design.
Those who have performed the various parts are
responsible and accountable in their several de-
grees for what they have done; but they have been
mere agencies of the power that controlled and
directed theiraction. That power is the national
organization of the Democratic party, and it is re-
sponsible for the long series of outrage, and for
the great wrong which the bill before us proposes
to consummate. The organization of the Dem-
ocratic party has fallen irretrievably under the con-
trol of nullifiers and slave propagandists, many
of whom, in all the States, but especially in the
slave States, were, until very recently, the open
enemies of the Democratic party, virulent de-
nouncers of General Jackson and the measures of
his administration; men who have not now, and
never did have, a drop of Democratic blood iiMheir
veins. The organization of the Democratic party,
controlled by the counspls of such advisers, has
abandoned lis principles and its trust. Public
meetings and conventions of veteran Democrats
remonstrate in vain. Why is there any appre-
hension that the Lecompton constitution will be
adopted by Congress, and the attempt be made to
force it upon the people of Kansas? Many of the
Democratic members of the Senate and House of
Representatives abhor the Lecompton constitu-
tion and detest its frauds.
Is there a man in or out of Congress who doubts
for a moment that the Lecompton constitution
would be rejected by Congress if the Democratic
party did not demand its adoption? The severest
discipline of party, the most indecent dispensa-
tion of executive patronage, are made use of to in-
fluence the action and control the independence
of Congress.
In this dark hour, when the Republic is in dan-
ger, I hail the coming day of emancipation from
servile obedience to party, heralded in this Cham-
ber by the independence of the distinguished and j
fearless Senators 011 the Democratic side of the
Senate from Illinois, from Michigan, and from !
California, upou whose limbs the bands of the j
Democratic party that would bind them to Le- !
compton are like the green withes ot' Delilah upon j
the limbs of the unshorn Samson. I hail, too, i
the, hosts of thousands and tens of thousands of |
honest Democrats, who, all over the country, at
this moment are renouncing; the long-cherished
party name of Democrat because it has become
tainted witli treason to the rights of the people,
and arc rallying under anti-Lecompton banners to
resist the Administration and the faithless organ-
ization of the Democratic party. Let us all be
anti-Lecompton men; let us all be Republicans;
let us fraternize and overcome the enemies of pub-
lic liberty.
The Whig party is gone forever, because, in the
hour of its responsibility, it failed in the courage
and firmness required for the high trust commit-
; ted to its charge. j
I Noble as have been the achievements of the !
Democratic party winie it adhered to its princi- !
pies; when it has become faithless to the rights I
and liberties of the people its organization must i
be dissolved. * !
rhe honest Democracy of the country—its real !
Dem ocnicy—buried deep the name of the Federal \
P^rJy- -J hvy will consign the tainted party name !
of Democrat to the same grave; and they will :
make the grave deep and large enough to hold all <[i
the treason tliaf dare show itself within the bound- 11
anes of the Union j|
_ Mr. iVlALLORY. I do not suppose, Mr. Pres-:!
idem, after the exhibition we have jas>t had, in 'I
which the history of Federalism, tile Hartford ,'|
convention, and "modern Democracy," are soil
singularly mixed up with " border ruffianism" II
and the doings in Kansas, that any effort on this
side of the Chamber, without a revelation from
heaven itself, could produce the slightest impres-
sion on-the mind of the gentleman who has just
spoken,[Mr. King,] or those who think with him.
If apology were needed for speaking upon so trite
a subject, and one on which speaking is so un-
profitable for myself, it would be found in the fact
that from the introduction of the Kansas-Nebras-
ka measure to the present time, neither upon that,
norupon any ofthe kindred measures legitimately
flowing from it, have I ever opened my lips in the
Senate. Nor would I do so now, but for the fact
that some little pains are being taken by persons
in my own State to misrepresent me there, and to
say that I, with other Democrats, was going off
on this question of Kansas.
Mr. President, it was my intention, after having
heard the speech of the honorable Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] on this question, to
have reviewed, briefly at least, what I considered
a most extraordinary production; but during my
absence from this body I find it has been done so
ably and so thoroughly by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] and the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] that any effort of mine
would but weaken the effect of what they have
said, or mar its beauty; but I must be permitted
to remark, that if I were called upon to designate
what speech I have heard since I have occupied a
seat on this floor, which was most calculated to
awaken and to cherish sectional excitement, and
to produce discord throughout this Confederacy,
I should have to point to the speech of the hon-
orable Senator from New York. If it was not
expressly designed for this, if it was not cun-
ningly designed for it, it is exceedingly well cal-
culated for it. It is not a broad, large, compre-
hensive view of facts, argued out to their legiti-
mate conclusions and logical deductions without
regard to where they may lead; but it is a cun-
ning scheme of fact and error—a web skillfully
devised to bolster up the preconclusion at which
the Senator's mind and the Senator's party had
already arrived.
But, sir, the feature that struck me as most dis-
agreeable in listening to the honorable Senator
was the perfect barrenness of the whole produc-
tion, the want of light and life throughout. It re-
minded me of the cold northern blasts, telling of
their icy origin. It was like the treacherous guide
to the traveler, which takes us through avast des-
ert; and, after pointing us to every error on the
road, leaves us without a spark of light to emerge
from it. Nothing but the subjugation of the
southern States seemed to be the conclusions of
the honorable Senator's efforts. And he told us,
in a manncrhalf complaisant and half triumphant,
in effect, that if we submitted gracefully to our fate,
we might, perhaps, die easily, but die we should.
Sir, it was altogether a remarkable production;
and in what I say of that honorable Senator I
speak with great respect for him personally, for
I have no reason to speak otherwise of him; but
I must say of his speech, that whatever in it was
new, in my judgment was not true; and whatever
in it was true was not new. It was not an effort
of statesmanship, such as he usually treats this
body to; but it hovered more upon the regions of
special pleading. It was my purpose, on hearing
it, briefly to express my own impressions, hastily
conceived at the time. I suppose the manner of
its delivery produced its impression, but a subse-
quent reading of the production has confirmed it,
and with these rcmaiks I leave it.
I expect, Mr. President, in the few remarks I
shall make, to confine myself to the question be-
fore the Senate. The 23d day of January, 1854, I
think, inaugurated a period of political excite-
ment throughout a large portion of this Confed-
eracy , which, still progressing and undetermined,
has thus far been characterized by such bitterness,
such a spirit of rancor toward the southern States
of the Confederacy, as, in the judgment of judi-
cious men everywhere, not only to weaken the
bonds ot our social, but to have a direct tendency
to destroy the bonds of our political, Union. On
that day the obliteration of the Missouri com-
promise hne, so called, was made a feature of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. A great national wrong
had been clone to the southern portion of this Con-
federacy by the act admitting Missouri into the
Union in 1820, the eighth section of winch pro-
vided for the prohibition of involuntary servitude,
