THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1858.
New Series....No. 136.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
mind gentlemen that the question is not debata-
ble.
< Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say a word in rela-
tion to the chairman of the committee under whom
I have served during the session; but if the ques-
tion is not debatable I yield.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am comparativelyayoung
member of the Senate, though an old man; but a
short time since a gentleman who was a very ac-
ceptable member of a committee to which I be-
long, the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] was excused at his own request, very
much against my feelings, on the ground that he
was entitled to have his own request granted.
Now, if the gentleman from Mississippi "persists
in his motion, though I hope he will not, I shall
feel bound to vote for it.
Mr. HUNTER. I was not aware, when I
made my motion, that the Senator from Missis-
sippi could by possibility take it as any personal
discourtesy to him; or certainly, however anx-
ious I was to got up the appropriation bill, (and
I was only actuated by a desire to facilitate the
public business,) I should not have pressed it;
but as he takes that view, 1 am willing to recon-
sider the motion, so as to let him have the day.
I certainly would be very unwilling to put upon
him any discourtesy. There is no Senator for
whom I feel more respcct than I do for that gen-
tleman. I move to rcconsider the vote by which
the District business was postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By general con-
sent of the Senate, the motion of the Senator
from Mississippi and the motion of the Senator
from Louisiana will lie on the table, and may be
considered as withdiawn, if there be no objec-
tion. The question then arises on the motion of
the Senator from Virginia to reconsider the vote
by which the prior orders were postponed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on postponing the prior orders.
The motion was not agieed to.
CRIMINAL COURT JUDGE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business be-
fore the Senate now is the business relating to the
District of Columbia. The Chair supposes the
first lull in order to be the bill (S. No. 64) to
equalize the salaries of certain judges of the courts
for the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suggest that that is not one
of the bills which the chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia wished to have con-
sidered to-day.
Mr. BROWN. That bill did not come from
the Dsstri-'t Committee at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a bill on
the Calendar relating to the business of the Dis-
trict, and is first in order.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to its con-
sul oration.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that that bill be post-
poned for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
ROADS TJEYOND ROCK CREEK.
Mr. BROWN. I indicate the bill No. 168 as
the first one to l>e taken up.
The bill (S. Nit. 1G8) to rolievb the corporation
of Georgetown from the expense of making and
repairing toads west of Rock creek, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to repeal all acts and parts of acts,
heretofore passed, which impose on the corpora-
tion of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
an obligation to pay any part of the expenses of
opening and repairing roads in the county of
Washington, west of Rock creek; and excludes
Georgetown from any representation in the levy
court of the county of Washington hereafter.
Mr. BROWN. There is a very short report,
(No. 90.) which I will ask the Clerk to read. If
it takes anv time to find it, I can state the sub-
' 136
stance of it, sooner, perhaps, than the Clerk can
get it.
Several Senators. State it.
Mr. BROWN. There are two sides to this
question. The committee reported the bill under
an appeal from Georgetown. After they had re-
ported it, there came in a remonstrance from the
county portion of the District against it, as being
unfair. The report shows that Georgetown asked
to be excused from taxation to keep up the roads
of the county, for the reason that they had to
pay taxes to keep up the streets in the town,
and the people in the county did not help them
to do that. The people of the county remon-
strate on the ground that they have to keep up the
roads for the, benefit of the people of Maryland,
who come to town to trade with the people of
Georgetown. They say that the roads in the coun-
ty arc of no great consequence to them, but are
of great consequence to Georgetown, and that
therefore Georgetown ought to pay the expense
of keeping them up. These are briefly the two
sides of the-case, and I leave the Senate to pass
the bill or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report has
been found.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know that it is neces-
sary to read it.
Mr. CLAY. 1 should like to hear it.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; let it be read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Brown, February 25, from the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Thcmcmoiiahfts set forth their ca^e briefly arid pointedly.
The committee append the memonai and make it a pait of
their lepoit.
To tkc honorable, Senate, and House of Representatives of
the United Elates:
The undersigned, a committee appointed by the corpora-
tion of Georgetown to lcpte^ent Us interest's before Con-
gress, would ie.«.peetfu)ly ropie^ent:
That by tiie act of Congress of July 1,the levy court
of VVa-hmjrion county was authorised to lav a tax not ex-
ceeding twenty five cents on all piopertv in said county, e x-
cepi Washington city, toi geneial county pin poses.
I That by the same act the general county charge?, other
than tor road? out of Washington city and Georgetown,
! weie to be home one half bv Washington city and one hah
by other pans of s-aid county.
That by the act of May 20,3S2G. the power to tax m
Gc-oigetown by levy court was taUen away, and said coi-
poration of Georgetown was made not obliged tocontnbute
in any manner towards the expenses of the levy comt ex-
cept tor "one fourth of tho expenses incurred on account
of the orphan's court, the othce of coroner, the jail of the
county, and one halt of the expenses foi the opening and
repairing of road* 111 the county of Washington, west of
Rock creek, and leading to G^oigetown 15 tty the same act
the levy court was relieved ot taking care of the Georgetown
poor.
The undesigned would respectfully represent that tiie
tax upon Georgetown of paying for one half of the roads of
Washington county, we.-t of Rock creek, i* onerous and
unjust. The fax upon the real and personal property in
Georgetown eighty-five cents m the hundred dollar*. The
tax upon the real and peisoual piopertv in the county is
twelve and a half cent* m the hundred dollar*. 1'iopeitym ■
Georgetown is assessed at least at one hundred and twenty •
pf'i cent ; that in the coumvi* notoriously assessed at not i
more than sixty per cent. It is undoubted that the rate of I
taxation m Georgetown is at least ten tunes greater than in |
the county. The county pa\s no poition of the expanses
of oui stiects. and there i  no ipasoti why our town should !
pay for the county load*. It is not in the power of our town ,
to say what roads should be made or icpaued. Tho kn-y
eouit inay run our town into any amount of debt that it i
pleases. J
It is not fair or just that a people heavily taxed, and eon- ]
sideiablv in debt, should b  compelled to pay the expenses* i
of another people hut little taxed, and not at all m debt.
Thote is rio sort of equity in any such arrangement. The
expense of county road* i- a fair and proper charge upon
the county, a* our streets are a fair chatge upon us. We
do not call upon the county for any contribution, and the
county should not call upon us. It tiie county roads aie
a fair charge upon u*, our siicef* fuo as fair a chaige upon
the county
The undersigned respectfully pray That the coipoiation
of Georgetown may be letieved lrom the payment of one ;
half of the expense.? of opening and repairing the roads m j
Washington countv,west of Xlock creek, leading to George- ;
town. * HENRY" ADDISON, !
ROBERT OUfjD. j
| Your committee believe the facts to be correctly &ct forth, j
i and concurring with the memorialists as to the justice of the |
j ca=e. they repoit a bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate Without ;
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a third |
reading;* read the third time, r\nd passed. !
mechanics' LIENS.
Mr. BROWN. Now I ask the Senate to take
up bill (S. No. 182) for the enforcement of me-
chanics' liens.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 182) for the enforcement
of mechanics' hens on buildings, &c.,in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose Senators will recol-
lect when we had this hill up before; there was no
objection raised to the first, second, third, fourth,
fifth, sixth, seventh,eighth, ninth,and tenth sec-
tions, they being exclusively for mechanics'liens
on buildings. There was some objection made
to other parts of the bill to which 1 call attention,
and I shall give them up.
Mr. CLARK. I objected to the bill when it
was before the Senate previously, and lest the
Senator should misunderstand me, I desire to say
to him that I have objections to the first, second,
and third sections.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose that if the Senator
will indicate his objections to the bill without read-
ing the whole of it, as it is very long, we shall save
time.
Mr. CLARK. I certainly shall do so in a very
short way, and I may as well do it now as at any
time*, and I will do it now, because some amend-
ments may be made that will obviate my objec-
tions to it. By the provisions of this bill, a man
who does any work, or furnishes materials for a
building, may have a lien on that building for
three months after the building is completed by
filing a certain notice in court—that is, if the
building takes two years for its completion, and
at any time within three months after it is com-
pleted he files a notice in the court, he thereby
acquires a hen on the building; and by section
seven of the bill, that lien takes precedence of
all prior incumbrances upon the property. To
that I am opposed. I do not think it is just; I do
not think it is right; I do not think it is fair to
those who have acquired prior incumbrances. For
instance: while the building is in progress, amort-
gage may be made upon the property for money
hired and used for erecting the building; yet, after
the building is completed, the laborer, or the man
who has furnished the materials, may go and file
his notice m the court, and acquire a lien which
vacates the mortgage which has been put upon
the piopeity, and was for money^uscd in erecting
the very building. It seems to me that if a lien
js to be given to the laborer, or to the man who
furnishes the materials, it should attach from the
time he files his notice. If, when he makes his
contract for erecting the building orfurnishing the
materials, he puts his claim on rccord m court,
thus giving notice of it to the world, I have no ob-
jection to allowing him a hen from that time.
Then everybody will understand that lie has a
lien; and if a man takes a mortgage, he takes it
subject to that hen; but it is not quite right to
permit the man to stand back and allow incum-
brances to be made on this property, and then af-
terwards come in and vacate those incumbrances.
That I understand to be the effect of the bill; and
to that I object.
Now, if a provision can be introduced into the
bill, that the man, when he makes the contract for
the building or furnishes the materials, may put
Ins notice upon the rccord so that everybody can
understand it and act accordingly, I shall not ob-
ject, I am entirely willing that the mechanic, the
laborer, or the man who furnishes materials, shall
have a lien; but I do not \vysh him to stand be-
hind for months or years and let other people ac-
quire incumbrances on liens upon that property
and then come in and take the preference without
giving any notice. I do not think that is right.
I do not see any reason why he should have that
preference.
There is another objection which I have to the
bill, in regard to the tenth and eleventh sections,
and that is, as to the notice which is to be given by
a sub-contractor. By this bill, a sub-contractor or
laborer 
