100
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Foombs.
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has not
so decided, and it has been for half an hour actu-
ally under debate. The Chair hears debate on it.
Mr. HALE. If that is the understanding of
the Chair and the Senate, I will not say a word.
Before I sit down, however, I wish to say that I
concur in opinion with the Chair and the Senator
from Missouri about this point of order which
was raised by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. PUGH. I objected to the Senator from
Maine proceeding; but he made his speech; and
now I move to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. WADE. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken,resulted—yeas 2G, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Clark, Fitch, Green, Gwm, Hale, Hammond, Iver-
son. Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones,
Kennedy, Mallorv, Mason, Pollt, Pugh, Sebastian, Slidell,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wright—26.
nays—Messrs. Broderiek, Chandler, Dixon, Doolittlo,
Douglas, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Sewaul,
Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—15.
So it was ordered that the appeal taken by Mr.
Stuart from the decision of the Chair lie on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the motion that the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire do lie on the table.
On this question the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
M*. SEWARD. I will trouble the Chair to
state the uuestion again; there is so much noise
here that 1 cannot hear.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the Senate
comes to order, the Chair will state the question
before it. The Senator from New Hampshire has
moved that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to
request the attendance of absent Senators. The
Senator from Missouri has moved that that prop-
osition do lie on the table; and the question is on
the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, [iayaid, llenianun, Biggs, Bigler,
Blown, Chandler, Filch, (Jreeu.Owin,   nond, Ivpimiu,
Johnson 01 Arkansas, Johnson of Teune.ssee, Join**, Ken-
nedy, Malloiy, Mason, I'olk, I'ugli, Sebastian. Slidell,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wriu'ht —
NAYS—Messrs. Broderiek, Ultirk, ln*on, Doolittle,
llouglas, Foot, Poster, Hale, Ikmilin. Harlan, King, Sew-
ard, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—13.
So it was ordered that Mr. Hale's motion do
lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move a reconsideration
of the last vote; 1 think it is wrong.
Mr. GREEN. Did the Senator vote in the
affirmative ?
Mr. WILSON. I believe the question now to
be taken, is on the motion to postpone tins mat-
ter until to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is on the reconsidera-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did the Senator
from Michigan vote in the affirmative?
Mr. CHANDLER. I did.
Mr. PUGH. Is it in order to reconsider a vote
of the Senate deciding that a motion shall lie on
the table ? The motion that it lie on the table is
itself a privileged motion. If you can reconsider
that, you might reconsider the previous question
and everything. The proper motion would be to
take it up when the Senator can get lus motion in
order.
Mr. STUART. Certainly; the rule is without
exception that any motion made and carried in
the affirmative mav be reconsidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to remark that he was notaware of any rule
which would cut off the motion now made. It is
moved to reconsider the vote by which the prop-
osition was ordered to he on the table. That
motion will be entered on the Journal and can be
called up hereafter. The question now before the
Senate is the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that the further consideration of this
subject be postponed until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock. On that question the yeas and
nays were called for, but have not yet been or-
dered. The Chair will take the sense of the Sen-
ate as to whether the question shall be taken by
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. Is it in order to move that that
motion lie on the table after the yeas and nays
are demanded ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a question
before the body. •
Mr. HAMLIN. That would carry the whole
question with it, would it not ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio refer to the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts ?
Mr. PUGH. ' Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
so understand. That is in order.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. We will all vote for that. It
carries the whole subject.
Mr. STUART. I hope I shall not be consid-
ered, by the Chair or the Senate, as specially ob-
trusive; but I wish to suggest that this motion to
postpone is a bare, naked motion, connecting
nothing with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, on re-
flection, will rule this motion to be out of order.
Mr. PUGH. I will call the attention of the
Chair to the Manual.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rules provide
that, " when a question is under debate, no mo-
tion shall be received but to adjourn, to lie on the
table, to postpone indefinitely, to postpone to a
day certain, "&c. The Chair does not understand
that, under this rule, the motion of the Senator
from Ohio is in order.
Mr. PUG-H. Mr. Jefferson, in remarking on
that subject, says in the Manual:
" When the House has something else which claims its
present attention, Inn would be willing to resetve ltintlieir
power to take up a proposition wheneverit shall suit them,
tiiey order it to lie on their table. It may then be called for
at any time."
I think wo have something that suits our at-
tention better than this motion. We can take it
up an hour hence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sug-.
. gests to the Senator that, by the eleventh rule of
! the body, when a proposition is under debate,
| there are a series of motions winch may be made;
! one of which is to lie on the table; another is to
postpone to a day certain.
Mr PUGH. The paragraph I have read is
Mr. Jefferson's commentary on that very rule, as
the Chair will see if he looks at the Manual.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther suggestion, the Chair will direct the roll to be
called.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts to postpone the
further consideration of this subject until half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that question, which
I believe is debatable, 1 should like to make a
suggestion or two to the Senate, if one so humble
as myself may get the our of the Senate. It seems
to me that very little is being accomplished by
this night session. I have never known much
accomplished by such sessions. There are sev-
eral gentlemen who desire to say something upon
this bill. I myself had desired to address the
Senate upon it; but I am not entirely ready to do so
to-night, and if I were to undertake to do so now,
it would probably take me much longer than it
would if I were better prepared. We have abund-
ance of time before us, and I apprehend we shall
get the final vote as soon by going on in the ordi-
nary way, meeting and adjourning at reasonable
hours, as we shalfbythe attempt to coerce mem-
bers of the Senate to deliver their views now, or
be cut off. 1 think nothing will be gained even
in point of time by this attempt. It will engender
bad feeling; we make a bad exhibition of ourselves
before the country. In any point of view in which
I can look at this matter, I can only see evil to
grow out of it, and no possible good. Now we
have consumed nearly six hours since the usual
time of adjournment, and but one speech is partly
through. If we had adjourned at the ordinary
time, 1 doubt not that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] would make his speech, prob-
ably , in a couple of hours to-morrow; and now his
remarks have been interfered with, and thereby
prolonged. We have first one motion and then
another, an appeal from the decision of the Chair,
motions to lieon the table, and motions to adjourn.
All these,it seems to me, can accomplish no good,
and will not further the business of the Senate at
all. It comes to a matter of physical endurance
whether Senators can be forced to make their
speeches at unreasonable hours, or whether they
will forego the opportunity to deliver their views
which they consider it due to themselves and the
positions they occupy to lay before the people.
The question before us is a very important one,
admitted to be such upon all sides of the Chamber;
one affecting the peace and harmony of the Union;
one putting to hazard, I may say, the peace and
harmony of the Union.
Mr. BIGGS. Will the Senator from Illinois
be kind enough to suggest some day when we can
probably take this vote ? If he will do so, I shall
be much obliged to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot do that, because
I am not authorized to speak for others; but I will
give the Senator my own view about it. I have no
doubt, from what knowledge I have of the Senate,
that the vote can be taken this week, or certainly by
Monday next. I am not aware myself of Senators
who propose to speak, that would occupy half that
time. Still, I cannot give that assurance, because
I am noj, authorized to speak for other persons;
but I know of no disposition to prolong the de-
bate unreasonably; nor do I know of any gentle-
man who desires to speak for the purpose of oc-
cupying time. If there are such persons, they are
unknown to me. I had supposed that on this
question ample time would be afforded for all Sen-
ators to be heard upon it during the week. I think
this week will be sufficient; but still I cannot
promise that it will be so. I think it would be
better for us to stop where we are. Let this mat-
ter go over, and the other side will find that the
question will be disposed of quite as soon by pur-
suing the ordinary course, as by this attempt at
coercion. It is unpleasant always to be coerced.
It is a delicate subject. There is bad enough feel-
ing in the country at best. Sections of the coun-
try are being arrayed against each other. 1 do
not wish to increase thatfeeling unnecessarily, be
the issue of this matter what it may. I hope it
will be permitted to go over until another day, and
take the usual course.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will claim a few moments of
the time of the Senate, by their permission. Gen-
tlemen around the Chamber have alluded to gag-
ging and forcing and cramming. I wish to give
a short history of the country, for I trust thia
night's work will be remembered. It ought to be
remembered here and elsewhere. It is a new era
in the Senate, and one that ought to be marked.
This question has been discussed since the ses-
sion commenced. I believe the first speech that
was made in the Senate of the United States at
the present session of Congress was on the ad-
mission of Kansas into the Union under the Le-
compton constitution, on the 9th day of Decem-
ber, 1857. We have continued from time to time,
probably every week, when any gentleman de-
sired it, to argue the question up to this 15th day
of March. We have consumed upon it more than
the time allotted every second year to the dis-
charge of the entire legislative t asiness of the Re-
public— more than sufficient to discharge that
business every year by persons fit to do it, and
who address themselves to its performance.
It has been the fixed purpose, if I may judge of
the conduct of the Opposition, at all times within
the last fortnight, to delay this business. Some
of the gentlemen have even availed themselves of
tile casual absence of Senators on the other side
to cut off a speech in the middle at an early hour
of the day, and thus take up two days with one
speech. Two or three Senators on this side of
the Hall have taken two days each to speak upon
the subject. Now they talk of proper hours.
Some of them have commenced their speeches at
one o'clock, spokenan hour and a half, and then,
in the casual absence of Senators on the other
side, postponed the subject, and consumed the
next day in the same way. So, too, they have
adjourned over from Thursday to Monday. A
week ago to-day, according to the usual custom
of this body since I have been a member of it,
notice was given that we would endeavor, in order
to expedite the public business and address our-
