2im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Mr. BROWN. To save the Senator the trouble
of commenting on that section, I beg leave to s^y
that 1 shall move to strike it out.
Mr. CLARK. Then I have no objection far-
ther to make on that point. I have stated the ob-
jection I have to the bill as it stands, and I think
the Senator will see its force.
Mr. BROWN. In reference to the first objec-
tion I desire to say, briefly, because I do not want
to consume any time in discussing these matters,
that I am very unfamiliar with all laws in refer-
ence to liens, never having been a builder, never
having lived in a city where these liens are ne-
cessary, and never having practiced law in that
department. I know that the bill, in all the par-
ticulars pointed out by the Senator, is entirely
acceptable to the people of this District—the capi-
talist who want to invest money and persons who
want to contract for buildings. It has been on the
Calendar now since the 1st of March. It was
discussed here at some length, and that discussion
closed with an appeal by me to anybody in Wash-
ington , who had objections to it, to come forward
and make them. No such objection has been
pointed out by any one here as that presented by
the Senator from New Hampshire. I hope, there-
fore, unless he has reduced his proposition to
writing in some particular form, wc shall take the
vote.
Mr. CLARK, I am not prepared now to move
an amendment; bnf, if the Senator desires, I will
reduce my ideas into the shape of an amendment
at some convenient time.
Mr. BROWN. Then let us go on with the
other parts of the bill.
Mr. CLARK. We have in the State of Nc.v
Hampshire, a law for mechanics'hens somewhat
in substance such as I have indicated, providing
that where a man makes a contract for pci form-
ing labor or furnishing materials upon a building,
ho may put his contract in writing with the city
clerk or town cleik.and give nonce to the world,
and thus acquire his lien, but lie cannot be per-
mitted by doing work or furnishing timber, lum-
ber, or other materials without the knowledge of
other parties, to acquire a hen, and then come
forward months, and even years afterwards, and
enforce that hen as against everybody who have
acquired prior liens. That does not seem to be
quite right. I will reduce my proposition to
writing at. the earliest moment.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest that half a
dozen wotds would execute the Senator's pur-
pose. If he will just say that the lien shall take
clFect from the time the man commences his pro-
ceedings, the object will be accomplished.
Mr. CLARK. Thatwould be entirely s?
tory.
ely satisfac-
Mr. BROWN, If the Senator will reduce his
amendment to writing, 1 will go on with the bill.
I move to strike out the word "chapter," in line
two of the second section, and insert the word,
u act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. In line four, same section, [
move to strike out tlic words, " of the United
States" after "court," so that it will read, " the
clerk of the circuit court for the District of Co-
lumbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. In hue two of section ten, I
move to strike out the word "chapter," and insert
"act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I move to strike out sections
eleven and twelve. They are the sections com-
mented on a moment ago by the Senator from
New Hampshire in regard to sub-contractors and
•ourneymen.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I move to insert at t.he end of I
section fourteen, the words, " but if possession j
passes from such person by his consent, the hen
shall cease." This section gives liens to those
who bestow labor upon articles which are personal
property.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. 1 move to strike out sections
fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen. They are the
sections of the bill which gave liens upon the
pasturage of cattle and sheep.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. BROWN. I move, m section eighteen, line .
two, to fctnko out the words (C fifteen, sixteen, !
| and seventeen." They relate to the sections just
| stricken out. The section will then read: " that
the provisions of the fourteenth section of this
i act," &c.
I The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. BROWN. I have left in the word "four-
I teen" now. I do not know what section that will
j be under the amendment. I hope, by unanimous
| consent, the Clerk, when he makes up the bill,
will be allowed to change that so as to make it
; suit.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) It will be changed to section twelve.
That is the proper one.
Mr. BROWN. I have now offered all the
amendments the District Committee propose.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
; and the amendments made as in Committee of the
; Whole were concurred in.
i Mr. CLARK. 1 propose to amend the bill fur-
! ther, by inserting in the fifth line of the second sec-
| tion, after the word "time," the words "after the
i commencement of said building, and"—so that, if
! the bill be amended, it will read in this way:
j " Shall filo in tlie office of the clerk of the circuit court of
| the United States foi tlie District of Columbia, at any time
| after the commencement of t-aid buildup, and within three
I months aftoi the completion of«aid building "
The object is that he may have the opportunity
of filing his claim immediately on furnishing the
labor or materials.
Mr. BROWN. I can see no objection to that,
i think it is but proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I propose to amend the seventh
section, by striking out, m the fourth and fifth
lines, the words " the building was commenced
or the materials were furnished," and inserting,
"which said notice was given;" so that, if amended
as I propose, it will read:
" Th;it tlie hens created in pursuance of the provisions of
the act shall have precedence over all other liens or incum-
brance-winch attached upon the promise* subsequent to
the time at which said nonce wa  given."
Then his hen will take effect from the time he
files the notice. If he files it on the day lie fur-
nishes his labor or materials, then he has it, but
if he lays by, he cannot have it until he doe3 file it.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; let it be so
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the bill
(S. No. 193) for the benefit of public schools in
(he city of Washington, which, after an extended
discussion, v/as passed. [This debate will be pub-
lished in the Appendix ]
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. PUGH. It is important that there should
be one or two nominations considered this after-
noon, and I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business. ['* Oh, no. "1
Mr. DROWN. I hope not.
Mr. PUGH. I think the pubhe interests re-
quire it, and I will make that motion.
Mr. BROWN. There are two or three little
bill# which, I think, by possibility, can give rise to
no debate, and ene of them is very vital to the Dis-
trict. It is in reference to the fire companies here,
which the May or and the whole City Council have
come to the committee time and time again, and
told us is necessary to keep down riots here. It
asks for no favor from the Government, no appro-
priation, but simply for power that is necessary
to keep order in the city, inasmuch as the House
of Representatives refused to pass the police hill.
Mr. PUGH I do not wish to disturb my friend
from Mississippi if it is understood by the Senate
that we may have this execuuve session. There
are only one or two nominations left in my charge
by the Committee on the Judiciary. 1 have no
objection to waiting for half an hour.
Mr. BROWN. They will be confirmed before
the Senate adjourns. Everybody knows that.
Mr. PCJGII. I waive my motion for the pres-
ent.
Mr. BROWN. Then I propose to tnke up the
bill (S. No. 227) to auth onze the organization of
a fire department in the District of Columbia.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
| proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 227) author-
' lzing the organization of a fire department in the
| District of Columbia.
| Mr. BROWN. If the Senate will indulge me,
| I will say this—being perfectly familiar, I think,
j with the whole subject—that the Government
I owns some three or four fire-engines, and hose
attached to them; and the only thing which the
Government is asked to do in this connection is,
to turn them over to the city. They actually be-
long to the city, anyhow, whether you say so in
i terms or not; for the Government takes no sort
| of cognizance of them, though it bought them and
| paid for them. The provisions of the bill put the
j fire department so completely under the control of
; the city government that they can .manage the
| whole matter. Without going into a discussion,
! I say this: that the Mayor, and I believe every
! member of the Council, and everybody connected
I with the city government, think that, with the
! passage of this bill, a great deal of the riot and dis-
! turbance which occur here will be put an end to.
| In the houses where they keep their engines
! and hose people secrete themselves, because the
: houses belong to the Government; and they make
j forays into the streets, and create disturbances.
, The proposition, in the main, is this: to turn over
! the whole fire department of Washington to the
; city government. They believe that they can
| manage it in such a manner as to keep down a
great deal of this riot. If the Senate is ready to
! receive the bill on this statement, very well.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. Do the buildings belong
1 to the General Government?
Mr. BROWN. Yes.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. Are they situated on the
' public square ?
i Mr. BROWN. Yes.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I am adverse to
! ceding them; I want to have the bill read.
I Mr, BROWN. I feel bound to state that this
i is the truth.
j Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to hear the bill.
• The Secretary read it.
! Mr. STUART. 1 should like to hear the third
section of that bill read again. It is the one which
1 disposes of this property.
1'he Secretary read it as follows:
£'Slc. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted, Th.it all the fire appa-
ratus oi other property, including engines, suctions, hose,
ho- o-can )acjc"«, if els, hook and ladder fixtures and earn aces,
eti me-liouseh, and all other piopcitvoi implements apper-
taining to a fiie depaitment, which may be used by any tiie
| company within the limits, of either of ilie uaid cities, shall
' be vested in, belong to. and he under the exclusive control
and direction of, thecoipoiate authorities of the city within
whose limits Mich company exists."'
Mr. BROWN. That is precisely the section
1 we piopose to amend.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me a simple word
11 will do. Put before the word ti property" the
] words "the use of "—just give them the use of it.
II Mr. FESSENDEN. J propose to add this
j' proviso, if it will meet the o.nse:
j Provided, That no right or title to anv land belonging to
:1 the United .State-, on which any building occupied as an en-
I ginc- house oi outer building may Hand, is or shall ha heie-
' by ( onveved, but tlx; light hcteby given to occupy the same
j may he leimuiated at the pleasure of Congiess.
J Mr. BROWN. I think that is right.
|j _ Mr. STUART. I think it will be better to
simply insert the words "the use of" after the
first word of the section—" that."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Say 44 the use of during
the pleasure of Congress."
Mr. BROWN. I think if we put in the words
" the use of during the pleasure of Congress," it
will answer.
Mr. STUART. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree to that, or any-
thing that will answer the purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the reading of
the section as amended.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Strike out the words
" vested in and belong to."
Mr. SIMMONS. The use only is vested.
Mr. BROWN. I see, when this section comes
to be severely criticised, that wo have no right to
transfer anything that does not belong to us, and
therefore,at'terthe word " department" I propose
to insert, "belonging to the United States," so
as simply to transfer the use of property which
belongs to us; but language of the section is very
broad. Of course we did not mean, hi drawing the
