1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
New Jersey, act ofl844, approved February 23. Section ;
9 ii-qmicd its submission to the people. Itwab submitted
fine', ratified in lfc44.
" Mdiyiand. fanned inlP.">1.and latificd by f'ne people,
in aeeoulaneu with ptevious act ol' Legislature. (Sue Act
or* 18-19, chapter Mo, section 8.)
Virginia, formed in 18.31. Act March 13, 1801, requued
lb latitleation hv the people. i
<k I.iciiana, formed in ISjI, ratified by the people, as ie- i
qun.-rl iiy fie Saw authoii/mg tiic convention, (See Act of !
I >Xi!. appioveh J anuaiy 1 c^? sections 34 and !."> ) The -- •<■. I
tion telative to the t.\elUMon and colonization of notices ,
w.o submitted as a distinct proposition. (See Revised 8lut- '
ul^. volume 1. pai:e 7'2 )
Wi-eonsm. IMS. Section nineof >chodnJe requited it-;
ntificanon by the people. (Hev^ed Statute-'. 1S-19.) In
Apul, 1H47, the con-'tituiion \\;>s defeated by over seven ;
ihous.md uiajouty (Xi'es's Rc^isU-r, voiunie "2, pose 134 )
A nevi constitution un- tlien foimed, and the titate'adunt- ■
ted under if May 29, ]*•&. ;
'*'• Iowa, foi med in 1646. Pievious law?. of June 10,1845, |
(over tile veto of the Governor.) and of Januaiy IT, 1S-4G, '
leqmrcd ratification by the people,
Ohio, mo pist constitution. foi med under an enabbng '
not of Conjricss;, ndopt"d "9'li Ofob? r, IcOO, wa • not ,'uo- ;
p:.r:ed to the peop'e; tlid t of the Kith Maioh, leu?, was sub- :
tin led to tlis pfopie and appioved by tin m.
''Louisiana, fanned 13o2. The cuiif-tK.ition wa*,by p,-c- '
vious enactment, icquired to be submitted, and was ratified ■
by th-1 people. ' I
Michigan. lornied ISuO. Actof March 9.18.30.required i
 ' to be submitted to the people, (dec Laws of 1650, No. j
78, section 6, on pa?e 61).') j
•'Maine, fanned in 1811). by convention, (page432 Iliefc-
<v"s Constitution;) amendments submitted to the people t
1804, 1837, 1839. |
u New Ilanip-hne, formed 1792. (Sec Compiled Statutes, i
page 15 ) Appioved by the two third vote of the people,
and <>.-tahh>hed 1>j convention ^i-pH'mber 5, 1792.
''Ilhode Island, formed U>12 Ratified by vote of the peo-
ple, in pur&uance of act of the Legislative.
" Massachusetts, foinied 17SU. Convention adjourned tiH
constitution was nitilicd by two thud vote.
'•Texas, formed 1B45. Submitted to and latified by the
people. j
"Tue constitutions of the following States were submit- 1
ted by conventions to the people, without thou being le-
quned Itv law to do so:
" Florida, loimed m 183S. Tori qotial act of 1838 (see Act :
of 18hB, page 5} did not lequue the latifieation of the con-
stitution by the people. Tiieieuas no authont\ of Con-
me.'rf. The convention (see Digest of Laws of Flouda. page
U) icquired latification by the people. !
u f'aliforma. fanned in 1819. Convention rcquurd tln^
ratification of the constitution by the people. Thete was
jio authority of Congiess oi legislative act to frame a consti-
tution. (See Statutes of Cahl'oiiua, p;ige 24, section1- 5, 0, 1
and 7.)" ;
Rut, sir, ifthisargumfintreally had any strength 1
in it, it comes, perhaps, with less fore, a from the lion- !
orable Senator from Illinois, than it would from !
any of thegenticmcn on the other side of the Cham- !
ber. Anything which the distinguished Senator 1
may say on this subject has peculiar pertinence ;
and significance, because, from first to last, he has j
been identified with the measure. It will be rc- ,
membtred that, to expedite the admission of Kan- !
sas into the Union as a State, the Senator from j
Illinois reported a bill from the Committee on j
Territories on the 17th of March, 1856, entitled, \
" A bill to authorize the ppople of the Territory i
of Kansas to form a constitution and State gov- j
rrnment, preparatory to their admission into the j
Union, when they have the requisite population." ;
After providing for a convention, this bill con- j
tinues, and contains the following clause. It is
the third section of the bill reported by the Sen- '
ator from Illinois: * !
"Sec. 3. Jlnrf be it farther enacted, That the following i
propositions be, and the same are hereby, offered to the said :
convention of the people of Kansas, when foimed, foi their
fiee acceptance on ejection, which, if accepted by the con-
vention and ratified by the people, at the election for the
adoption ot the constitution, shall be obligatoiy on the United
Sta es, and upon the said State of Kansas, to wit."
This bill was not immediately acted upon; and
on the 25th of June a substitute was introduced
by the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] of which he gave due notice. In the
twelfth section of this amendment—for the sub-
stitute was introduced as an amendment—the pre-
cise words of the third section of the bill of the
♦Senator from Illinois were retained, giving the
power to the convention to adopt, and to the peo-
ple of Kansas to ratify, the constitution. Here,
then, were two bills before the Senate; one re-
ported by the Senator from Illinois, containing a '•
clause requiring ratification by the people; and the '
other introduced by the Senator from Georgia,
incorporating this identical clause. Subsequently
the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] intro-
duced a substitute, ignoring equally the people and
the convention, providing for the immediate ad-
mission of Kansas as a State into the Union, on
the acceptance of certain conditions by her Legis-
lature.
These substitutes, together with the original
' bill reported hv the chairman of the Committee
Oil Territories, the Senator from Illinois, were ro-
fVn ed bad;; and seven days after this, on the 3Cth
or' iTun<', the Senator from Illinois brought for-
ward from the committee a new bill, which, though
; it embraced many of the provisions of the bill m-
| troduced as a substitute by the Senator from Geor-
1 gia, omitted this very important provision, which
his own bill «."uid the substitute itself of the Sena-
' torfiom Georgia had contained. It left out to-
tally thf- provision requiring the ratification of the
; constitution by the people of Kansas. In fact it
| recoonizedin I halmaimer,unequivocally, the right
! of the convention over tin* vholr si.ojr-rt. I think
. that is a legitimate conclusion. The right of the
i people to ratify the constitution wos tLor'-foro
; abandoned; and it was abandoned when the* Sen-
; ator from Illinois himself reported the bill. I soy,
with great respect, liiat when the opposition cok-cs
, from him, on' the ground that it is a fatal obp;c-
: tion to the cTns'itntipn thut it was not subnjiit'jd
to the popular vote, it comes with less force from
! him than it would from any gentleman on the
other side of the Chamber. His bill contained,
instead of the clause before quoted, these words:
| '• Sec; 10. JJiid Cc it further enacted, That the following
; pioposjtionsbe.and the same fire herehv, ofieted to the t-aid
; convention of the people of Kansas, for their free accept-
! anc or ujection, which, if accepted by the convention,
; f'bnU be obhsatoiv on the United States and upon the paid
! State of Kansas, to wit."
This bill passed the Senate, but it will be re-
membered that it failed in the House of Repre-
sentatives. In this body, with the clause requir-
ing popular ratification abandoned, after it had
been twice reported to the Senate, it received the
vote of every Democratic Senator, including the
Senator from Illinois. He recognized the prin-
ciple, in the first place, by reporting the bill; he
recognized the principle by having it referred to
his committee; he recognized the piinciple by re-
porting this baek; and lie recognized the princi-
ple of leaving the matter entirely with the con-
venuon by voting for the passage of the bill him-
self.
It was my purpose, Mr. President, to have pur-
sued somewhat the line of argument \v hicli has
been indicated and pointed out by the opponents
of this measure, connecting itself with the subject
of slavery in Kansas: but feeling as I do on that
subject, feeling as I did last night when I heard
gentlemen going back two hundred years to show
the tenure of slave property,as if the opinions of
all the benchers of England could affect the right
to a single slave in any of our States, or induce a
master to surrender it, I see the labyrinth of dis-
cussion into which gentlemen are led when they
touch that subject—I do not come here to discuss
the abstract question of slavery. I am willing to
meet gentlemen on the other side upon the prac-
tical workings of the institution in this country.
I am willing to take it up as apractical issue, and
to show to those who here maintain the contro-
versy, that even in their own States, in their own
towns, and in their own homesteads, the practice
belies the theory; that the negro there, with all the
privileges which their enlarged philanthropy has
thrown around him, is in a more wretched condi-
tion than that from which tliey seek to relieve him
in our States.
We might go further, and show that wherever
he is found on the face of this earth, he is never
found in a condition so beneficial to himself, so
useful to others, so progressive to whatever the
Deity has destined him to, as he is in the south-
ern States of this Union; but I will not go into
that discussion now. I will merely observe that j
as long ago as we know anything of the southern i
coast of Africa, when the creeping commerce j
along the shores of the Mediterranean unfolded
the habits and customs of the tribes of Africa,
they were a savage set of cut-throats, knowing 110
law but might, intractable, showing no mercy to
age, sex, or condition; and the very usages and
customs whjch existed then exist up to the very
latest hour of our researches in Africa; the Afri-
can is not changed one iota; and in fifty years of
attempt by British philanthopy to Christianize a
single African on the coast of Africa, they have
not yet got one to point to—not one African Chris-
tian. The only one that British philanthropy could
point to, 0.1 Capo Coast Castle, died a short time
ago, overfifty years of age, and then, in his dying
hour, relapsed back again into infidelity. The
southern States of this Confederacy, training them
j in the light of Chiistiamty, can point to hundreds
! of thousands of devoted "Christians among tliern.
j', I might, on ti;;.i pricticn! issue, take tg-ji.'.lc-
|; m< n who oppose us at their own homr-steads, and
11 they cannot point me to a single one ol their ciiies
j! where you do not find its negro quarter; where
1 you do not find its place for colored people; where
J! you do not find evident marks of their ueing treat-
1' eu as an inferior race; and no gentlemen are more
r ready to recognize and practice on tins condition
I of things than those who preach a contrary doc-
trine here; but I am not disposed to pursue that
issue
Mr. President, wo have been told by the hon-
orable Senator from New York [Mr." Seward]
that the South has governed the Confederacy, but
■, that the reins of power are falling from her gr'aso,
j: and that to other hands are our destinies to !m
i! committed. I concede it. The genius, the knowi-
i1 edge of government, the consti*;itioi)al,conserva-
!; tive spirit of southern men, have as unequivocally
j stamped the policy of this Govcrnmcntin the Cab-
inet and in the Senate, as their valor has led their
j, banners in the field. Seven of your Presidents
i! have been themselves slaveholders; and when-
i ever the country has demanded the "intellect, the
i genius, or the courage of her sons, they have found
j no more brilliant illustrations than amongst slave-
I holders. Under the guidance of their policy, with
| their hand upon the helm of the ship of State, her
| onward progress in ail that ennobles, and all that
| elevates our race, has been the marvel of mankind.
1 I do not deny that domestic discords, family jars,
; have from time to time intruded themselves upon
; the pathway of the progress of our country. But
j while they are as inseparable from it as is the dust
' from the wheel of the locomotive, they have im-
peded it as little. Under the guidance of thoso
same southern men, national policies, national
purposes,and national men,lending their cheen-ng
: influence, like the gentle dews of heaven, shed-
ding them over every hill and valley of their coun-
try equally, have combined to awaken and cherish
; in our hearts obedience to the Constitution, ami
through it a love for the Union. Under their pol-
icy sectional discords have from time to time
brought here sectional extremes and their com-
mon grievances, laid them on this common altar,
and renewed a common vow to sustain it. If th 
South has governed, such has been the spirit and
such are the results of her government.
Sir, we are told by the Senator from New York,
j in a tone half complaisant and half exultant, that
I she is to rule no more. Well, sir, be it so. I
| foresee the time when she shall stand in ami-
! nority here. We ought not to ignore it. Tho
j sooner we come up to a knowledge of it the bet-
; tor; but, in parting with the good old ship of
j State, we can at least look back with pride upon
: the track which she has traced under our guid-
1 ance, with the Constitution as her only chart, upon
I the pathway of nations, illustrated as that is bv
! the imperishable monuments of man's hopeful
j progress; and we may point to the discords, to the
I storms of faction, to the open assaults of foreign
' and domestic enemies, to the treacherous deceit®
j of pretended friends, which she has nobly weatb*
ercd. In withdrawing from her now, with all her
banners aloft, with her fame established and her
[ name unsullied, with placid seas beneath and
j smiling skies above her, freighted with the hearts,
i tho hopes, and the liberties of mankind—if we sur-
j render her, we surrender the noblest trust that
j ever passed from the hands of man; and, in tha
■ language of my friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
; Hammond,] if we do surrender her, groat will be
your responsibility, and great will be our honor.
I only wish to remind you, that when wa demand
her back, as demand her we shall, let us see that
no stripe of the glorious banner is erased, that no
star of it is dimmed.
In speaking of this departure of power from the
South, I neither deplore it nor do I fear its conse-
quences to the South. It will but wake her up. It
will but make her more watchful of her rights, and
more resolved and determined to maintain them.
If the South has shown from time to time a high
degree of excitement, a high degree of sensitive-
ness on the agitation of the slavery question in
Congress, when that agitation was dwarfed by the
consideration that the balance of power here ren-
| dered it almost an abstraction, what will she feel
j and what will be her degree of watchfulness when
' she fi.nd3 her voice smothered in this forum, when
