1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
selves to the other great interests of the Republic,
to have a vote on this bill to-day. This notice was
given in the usual form, accordingto the expressed
will of the majority, the Democratic party, who
are responsible to the country for the conduct of
business here. That announcement was publicly
made a week ago to-day, by the Senator who has
the bill in charge. Notwithstanding that, we
have been going on listening to a speech for an
hour or an hour and a half a day, and then ad-
journing. This side of the House has always,
without exception, at all times, voted for adjourn-
ments at the earliest hour.
We came here this morning with a view of car-
rying out the notice which was given a week ago;
but we were willing to allow three more days,
until Thursday next, if that would be accepted.
The gentleman who has charge of the bill made
that proposition to the Senators who oppose it;
and some of them said it would take a month
longer, and some said two or three weeks, and
some jeered at what they pleased to term this in-
terference with their rights. Sir, the country has
rights. The majority have rights, and they have
duties; and one of those duties is that the business
of this country shall be done decently, and in
order, and in due time; and I trust there is fidelity
enough to themselves, and to their principles, and
to their country yet in the majority of the Senate,
to stand at all hazards, and crush this faction.
[Applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Disorder cannot
be tolerated in the galleries or upon the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that it will
be quite so easy a matter to crush us.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not say it was easy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it can be
done. The Senator talks about new eras in the
Senate. Sir, I think it is a new era when a Sen-
ator rises here and talks about crushing the mi-
nority in the Senate as a faction. I have had
occasion to say before, and I repeat now, that,
although a minority in this body, we have our
rights; we understand that every individual mem-
ber of this body has his rights. When the Sen-
ator talks about undertaking to crush us, I want
to know by what process he intends to do it. We
understand perfectly, sir, that we may be brought
to a contest of physical endurance; and very likely
if we are the Senator from Georgia may be able
to endure more and longer than I can; but if we
are brought to that, so long as we are able to stand
here within the rules of the Senate, and so long
as the Presiding Officer administers those rules
firmly—and from what we have seen I have no
doubt he will do so to the end—I want the Senator
from Georgia, and every Senator, to understand
that we shall not hesitate to do what we please,
under the rules of the Senate, with reference to
protracting this matter, until we see that we arc
to be treated fairly and honestly on this floor.
Now, sir, what the Senator has said with ref-
erence to the course of the debate on this bill, 1 do
not undertake to say, or to intimate that he does
not understand to be so, but I will say that it is
very contrary to my understanding, and to the
understanding of the minority on this floor. I
have given notice to Scnatois, overand over again,
that there was no disposition on the part of the
minority here to talk for the sake of talking, that
we had no disposition or wish to protract the time
one hour or one moment beyond the period when
we had an opportunity fully and fairly to express
our opinions, and that wc should have that op-
portunity unless the crushing process was under-
taken, and if it is, J am perfectly willing to go to
the country with it, and that the country shall
understand precisely how this matter stands; and
it will be for the country finally to settle, and to
settle by votes, with reference to the question
whether or not it will sustain men.
The Senator from Georgia says that there have
been arguments made on the Lecompton consti-
tution ever since the 9th of December last—ever
since the commencement of the session. Why,
sir, I believe this subject was not acted upon in
the Territory of Kansas until after that period.
It did not come here until the month of February.
What were the questions which agitated the Sen-
4**- ate? The first questions that agitated the Senate,
jT were questions that arose on tlie annual message
§:•. of the President. We debated that; we debated
the sentiments of that message; we debated the
recommendations of that message. I say "we,"
but it was not debated on our side of the Senate.
The debate arose on the other side, between Sen-
ators hitherto of the same political party and the
same political faith, though now differing. We
abstained day after day, week after week, I had
almost s^id month after month, but not quite so
longas that. We abstained until our constituents
complained of us for not expressing our sentiments
to the country on the questions thus presented.
We left the debate to the other side, and it was
kept there. Senators on the other side of the
Chamber exclusively debated that matter, day
after day. We hardly opened our mouths upon
it. We certainly took no time in regard to it. It
was the understanding that we should take that
course, and leave the question to be debated there,
until Senators on the other side satisfied them-
selves of their own position.
Then what was the next question that came up?
The President sent in his special message, and
upon that debate arose. In the mean time other
questions intervened. The Army bill was under
consideration for some weeks. That was debated
in the Senate day after day; and because occa-
sionally the question of Kansas was mentioned,
because, on the Army bill, we chose to debate the
effect of the measure upon Kansas, was that de-
bate on the Lecompton constitution? Sir, this
question of the Lecompton constitution has been
before the Senate but a fortnight, jand I say, as a
matter of fact, that most gentlemen on this side
held back their speeches on the mam question for
the single reason that tlicy wished to debate it as
myftiend from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
has said he did, when a practical issue was be-
fore the Senate. I was not one of that number. I
said what I desired to say upon the President's
special message; but I was only one, and hardly
anyone on this side followed my example. The
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. jDixon] delivered
a portion, I hope it was only a portion, of what
he had to say on another question, because ho
was ready to debate it; but the main body of the
Senators on this side withheld the delivery of
their views until the question should come prac-
tically before the Senate, and they took no part
whatever in the debate before it did come here.
It has now really been before the Senate only
two weeks. What have we done since ? There
has been only a single occasion when we ad-
journed over from Thursday to Monday; and
there have been only two occasions,accordingto
my recollection, when wc earned an adjournment.
One of them was a week day, long after four
o'clock, the hour at which the Senate usually ad-
journs. The other was on Saturday afternoon
last, when we had been debating the whole week,
and when the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
who had been out of health for a week or ten
days past, his own strength being exhausted, re-
quested the Senate to adjourn, and give him until
to-day to finish his speech. This is the head and
front of our offending. What have wc been ready
to say now? What I have said, privately and
publicly on this floor, that all we demanded was,
that every Senator on this side should have a fair
opportunity, within reasonable hours of the day,
to say what he had to say on this great question
which has agitated the country; and that we had
no disposition to debate for the purpose of con-
suming time. When we came into the Senate
this morning, we were not notified that the ques-
tion was to be taken to-night. We did not go on
upon that supposition; but, between four and five
o'clock in the afternoon, when many Senators on
this side had left, it was demanded of us that we
should decide at once when this question should
be taken, or we should be compelled to sit here
until the vote was finally taken.
Do you call that treating us well? I have made
no complaints about it; it is not my habit to com-
plain. 1 have appealed to gentlemen on the other
side of the House to give us an opportunity to be
heard, to give us an opportunity to consult fairly,
and then, after they have given us fair notice of
what their terms were, we were ready, if wo could
not make terms, to agree that they might sit us
out if they had the physical endurance to do it.
I do not object to that; but I want Senators lo
understand that we are not to be crushed out.
We know what the rules of the Senate are; and
if Senators will compel us to resort to them in
order to get time, very well, we must meet it as we
can. We have some degree of physical strength,
and what we have wo are ready to exert, and we
will do it, let me tell the Senator from Georgia,
without being particularly alarmed about his
crushing process.
I wish now to repeat what has been said by my
friend from Illinois. I have proposed to the Senate
to adjourn until to-morrow morning, and give us
an opportunity to ascertain when the debate can
be finished with reference to what we on this side
of the Chamber have to say, and not with any
desire to misspend time; and I have said that if
then, having this notice from Senators in the ma-
jority, we could not agree on a time, they might
resort to their power as a majority in the Senate
and accomplish what they desire to accomplish,
and we should not complain. We know what the
rights of amajorityare; we knowwhat the powers
of a majority are, but we know quite as well that
the minority has rights, and that the minority has
a certain degree of power, and we can exert it if
Senators drive us to it. I hope, however, that a
better spirit ^nd a better feeling will prevail. I
do not believe that the great bulk of the majority
entertain the harsh sentiments—I must call them
so—which seem to be entertained by the Senator
from Georgia; and, that yet we may have some
conciliation on this matter. What we ask seems
to us to be reasonable. I hope Senators will aSfeede
to it after the assurance we give them, as honor-
able men, that we do not mean to talk here or to
make motions for the purpose of expending the
time of the Senate uselessly. When we say that
to them we have a right ito cxpect that they will
believe us, and act upon it understanding^ with
reference to what we do say; but if we are to be
met in this manner by gentlemen on the other side
saying, " we are the majority: we have decided
to do <i certain thing, and we mean to crush you;"
then it only remains to be seen whether they can
do it; or, at any rate, how long it will take to do it.
Mr. GREEN. The motion now, 1 believe, is
to postpone. I do not appreciate the spirit in
which the Senator from Maine has spoken tome
and to the Senate, for this very plain and palpa-
ble reason: if 1 have seen any disposition to co-
erce and press this question without a fair oppor-
tunity for debate, 1 cannot name when it occurred.
He says it occurred to-day for the first time. The
question has been long pending. It has been fully
considered. More, time has been allowed for its
consideration than was, allowed for the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, when the honorable Senator from
Illinois. (Mr. Douwlak,] came in and said you
shall have three days and no more. Now, because
we desire to come to some fair and honorable un-
derstanding, we aie charged with undertaking to
coerce this measure. Minorities have rights ; ma-
jorities have responsibilities. The people and the
States of the Union have a right to hold a major-
ity responsible for the action of the Senate. The
minority have rights, but they haveno responsi-
bility. They cannot be held responsible before
the country except so far as by a factious course
they interfere with the majority [Laughter.] Let
gentlemen laugh. I have heard of the devil laugh-
ing at the destruction of his own victims. Let
them laugh. 1 say the minority is not responsi-
ble before this country. The majority are. Mi-
norities have rights of discussion, of voting; and
majorities have no right to destroy these rights of
the minority, but in a conflict of opinion between
the majority and the minority, who are to give
way? If they cannot agree to compromise and
come to terms, who are to give way? The ma-
jority ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, if wrong.
Mr. GREEN. Who ought to decide the ques-
tion of wrong? The majority or the minority?
Answer, popular sovereignty, what do you say?
Sir, the majority must take the responsibility, and
stand before the country with that responsibility
in their hands, conscious that they will be held
up to public gaze for the manner in which they
exercise it. We intend to do it; we are resolved
to do it. The peace of the country, the good of
the Union, the good of the North, the good of the
South, of the East,and of the West,all combined,
require us to take that responsibility, and exer-
