1140
• she recalls the threat of her enemies, when she
understands the threat of the Senator from New
York, who speaks of the conquestof the southern
States, and when she sees every department of
this Government in their hands to enable them to
execute it?
Mr. President, it is a painful subject, but, in my
judgment, the continuance of this Union is soon
to be in the hands of this very sectional party. It
is to depend upon the conservation and constitu-
tional action of that party; and as successful ag-
gression never yet paused in its career, it becomes
the South now, while time for counsel and reflec-
tion still exists, to know what place she is to
occupy in this Confederacy. Conservative and
hopeful as I am, hoping, and I may say believ-
ing, as I do, that our political skies are brighten-
ing, believing that we shall illustrate politically
the axiom that the darkest hour is just before the
dawn, I yet trust, nay, sir, I know, that the peo-
ple of the southern States will never submit to that
last degradation of a free people—a voluntary ac-
quiescence under a violated constitution
. Mr. CRITTENDEN. If there be no disposi-
tion to pursue the debate further by other gentle-
men, I wish to make some remarks to the Senate
on the subject. I am not prepared to go 011 at this
moment. If no gentleman desires to speak further
on this subject now, the motion I propose to make
is to ad]ourn.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator from Kentucky
will permit me, I wish to say a few words on the
amendment I have offered, and then he can move
to adjourn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Very well.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, it was not my
purpose originally to speak to the question at
large. I he vote I should otherwise have <*iven
m accordance with my own opinions, has" been'
taken from under my control by the instruction
°l the General Assembly of Ohio, in which the
political party to which I belong has a decided
majority I will say, however, individually, that
1 regard the act passed by the Territorial Leo-is-
iature of Kansas, 011 the 19th February, 1857, a
true and substantial copy, in every material pro-
vision, of the bill which passed the Senate of the
United States on the 2d of July, 1856. That bill,
at the time, after the most thorough discussion,
ana the most carcful and anxious consideration
received my vote and unqualified approval. Af-
terwards, before the people of my State, in then-
primary assemblies, it was my duty and my pleas-
ure to explain, as fully as 1 was able, the purposes
the principles, and the details of that bill; and, at
al events, the party to which I belong, and with
which I have always been associated, gave the bill
a like approval.
Nor, sir, do I regard it materia! whether that
bill was passed by the Congress of the United
States, or by the Territorial Legislature. I know
some distinction has been attempted in that re-
gard; but after a thorough examination of the his-
tory of all the cases of the admission of States
into the Union, my own judgment is, that the
most regular manner, and, originally, the only
regular manner, for the application of a new State i
is through a convention called by the Territorial !
Legislature. The first three of the States adnnt-1
ted, after the formation of the Constitution, had
no enabling act. Vermont and Kentucky were
not authorized by Congress to take any stuns to-
ward the formation of State governments. They
proceeded under the authority of the States from
which they were separated. Tennessee, the third
State, proceeded under the sole authority of her
territorial government.
1 he first enabling act ever passed was in the
ease of my own State, and the 1 easons for it were
Julv !'/H1>Crat'V?' U'^rthe ordinance of
J uly 13, 1787, the people did not elect the Council
01 Senate of the Territory. The Councilors were
nominated by the House of Representatives, and
chosen by Congress. No man could be a lepie-
sentative, even 111 the most numerous branch of
t.ie .territorial Legislature, unless he owned a fee-
simple estate m two hundred acres of land, nor
could any man be a voter for a representative un-
less he owned a freehold estate m fifty acres. As
a consequence, the Federal party, although a mi
nority of the people, controlled the Territorial
Legislature. Without going at large into the cir-
cumstances Winch, in some other form, I shall lav
before my constituents, it is enough to say that i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this Federal control of the Legislature, with the
assistance of an absolute veto in the hands of the
March 16,
in me nanus ui mi
Governor, was so exercised as to prevent the ad
mission of Ohio into the Union at the proper time,
and exercised for merely partisan purposes. It
was to redress this usurpation on the part of the
l erritoriai Legislature that Congress, for the first
time in our history, passed an enabling act. It
was not based on the ground that the Territorial
Legislature lacked the power. It was based on
the ground that the Legislature had the power
and refused to exercise it.
The next case was that of the State of Louis-
iana. In the petition of the Territorial Legislature
ot.Orleans, which will be found in the American
State Papers, it appears that the people of that
.territory, through their Legislature, had at one
time endeavored to form a State government, and
Congress had refused to recognize their proceed-
ings; and, therefore, at a subsequent period, the
Legislature petitioned Congress for an enabling
act, and that enabling act was passed in response
to the petition. These two cases, although special
in their circumstances, were followed without any
question in the instances of Indiana, Mississippi,
Alabama, Illinois, and Missouri, over all of which
States the ordinance of 1787, with or without the
restriction of slavery, extended.
The difficulty in the case of Missouri was this:
she had complied with every condition in the act
of Congress; she was entitled to have her Senators
and Representative sworn upon the presentation
of their credentials. When the first enabling act
for the State of Ohio was before Congress, when
the * ederal party denounced it as usurpation by
Congress, the Democratic Republican party de-
tended it on the ground that it was a conditional
act of admission; that whenever the Territorial
Legislature had taken steps for the assembling of
a convention, and the constitution of the newState
had been formed, then Congress had merely to
admit the State; but whenever no convention had
been called, and no constitution had been formed,
that then Congress might pass the act of admis-
sion beforehand, defining the boundaries and pre-
scribing the conditions; so that I take an enabling
act to be, as I said some time since on this floor,
a conditional act of admission. Missouri had
complied with the condition; she was, therefore,
entitled to have her Senators and Representative
sworn, for it is literally true, as has been stated1
several times on this floor, that the State of Ohio,
in which case the first enabling act was passed
never had any other admission into the Union
I lor constitution was presented here; it was re-
ferred to a committee with special instructions to
inquire what more was necessary to enable the
State to enter the Union. The committee reported
that nothing more was necessary, that as soon
as the laws of the United States had been ex-
tended over the State, and a district court estab-
lished with a judge, marshal, and attorney, the
State was as completely one of the United States
of America as any of the original thirteen. I say
the outrage m the case of Missouri, was, that her
Senators and Representative were not sworn
1 he Republican members contended at the time
that Missouri was a State of the Union, unjustly !
uepnyed of her representation in Congress, as i
will appear from an examination of the reported
debates. Finally, however, it resulted in the fa-
mous compromise of May 2, 1821, by which
under a joint resolution, the Senators and Renre-
sentative were admitted.
After the case of Missouri, more than quarter
of a century elapsed without another enabling act
, by Congress; and during that time Maine, Mich-
, pin, Arkansas, Iowa, Florida, and Texas, en-
I teied the Union Tile next enabling act was in
the case of Wisconsin, August G/1846. That
\ laT° a''1 wl"en complied with,
to entitle her Senators and Representatives to be
sworn; but the convention of Wisconsin altered
the boundaries of the State, and therefore it was
ry/° app^ t0 Co Sress fo>- a consent to
this alteration. This appears by the joint reso-
lution for her admission, March 3, 1847. The
next case was that of California, which was ad-
mitted in September, 1850-a State received not
only without an^ enabling act, but without any
pic\jous territorial organization.
Of the eighteen new States, eight had enabling !
n p'" Them^01'ity instance? .
!■> against an enabling act; the history of the !
question is against it. Where do Senators find
a power in the Congress of the United States
to prescribe the assembling of a convention and
the formation of .a State constitution ? It is not
given in the Constitution of the United States.
Our power is to admit new States; and we cari
as well admit them with a constitution already
formed as upon a constitution formed at our ex-
press instance. The justification for an enabling
act, when first proposed during the administra-
tion of Mr. Jefferson, was, that Congress admit-
ted the State upon a condition to be complied
with afterwards. I therefore repeat that the con-
vention act of February 19, 1857, passed by the
Legislature of Kansas, is as regular, as author-
itative, as perfect in every respect, as if the other
House of Congress had agreed to the Toombs
bill, which we passed in July, 1856. The con-
vention originated, then, under an act to which I,
in common with all my political friends in this
body) gave unqualified approbation.
Now, sir, it seems to me individually, speaking
for no one else, meaning no imputation on any
one else, that two questions remain to those who
voted for the pacification bill, as we called it in
1856, namely: First, has the act of the Territorial
Legislature of February 19, 1857, been substan-
tially pursued ? Second, has anything since trans-
pired in the history of Kansas which ought to
require some additional provision, some special
provision, before her full admission into the
Union ?
Under the first of these questions arose the dif-
ficulty to which I adverted on almost the first day
of the session, to wit, an allegation that nineteen
counties of the Territory were not represented in
the convention which formed this constitution. I -
am free to say, that if such an omission had been
even the result of accident, I should have consid-
ered it a fatal objection; I should have considered
that the convention did not comply with the
charter of its organization; but, with all the in- '
foimation wnich I can derive, I am brought to
this conclusion: that, with the exception, I think,
of four of those counties, they were merely nom-
inal districts of country laid off, with names given,
but with practically no population. As to the four
counties which had population, it was by the fault
of the inhabitants, not by the fault of the officers
that the census was not taken, resulting from the
act that those inhabitants had given their adhe-
sion to what was known as the Topeka constitu-
tion and form of government—a constitution and
form of government which Congress had rejected,
but m which they persevered.
A remarkable fact occurs with reference to one
of those counties—the county of Anderson. It
was alleged that the people of the county pro-
ceeded to take a census therein, and to electa del-
tep'e',a'thelr°wn.instance. This delegate at-
tended the constitutional convention. To be sure
hf was a supernumerary, the full number of sixty'
having been apportioned, by Mr. Stanton, to "the
other counties However, he petitioned to be ad-
mitted as a delegate. His petition was ieferred
to a committee. The committee reported in favor
of Ins admission, and the moment this report was
made, the petition was withdrawn. I know it
will be said that the delegate could not legally sit
there. Suppose that to be true, the people of
Anderson county could not complain of his ad-
th'n8 no"' "0ne could,comPIain but the people of
the other counties; but the people of the other
counties did not complain. The people of the
other counties, throueh their delegates, offered to
admit him; lie himself withdrew. My inference
from this fact, is, that the delegate never 3
wonlYb / i if' sur>Posing application
would be rejected, he preferred it; but as soon as
drewi^H1 U W1 "0t be reJectf't!. with-
drew it. Here is a key to the whole case There
Ww"°,5°0<ifaith m thls faction
venUon lnjUrCd the institutional con-
vention, oi the constitution of Kansas if the del-
E<t i fir™ had been admitted? Why,
in act an H, ? nnesotaCclse. Congress passed
nesott IZ,nga ®onvent'°n to be called ill Min-
there wP, c"nslst °f twice as many delegates as
la n PeSeIlta,1WS "Uhe Territorial Le-
fho honn MUV^omrmtte® 011 Territories, through
he honorable Senator from Illinois, inform us
the .people of Minnesota construed that to
mean twice as many delegates as there were Coun-
cillors and Representatives in the Legislature and
