54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
right line of principle. " As in geometry, so in
government—the shortest, easiest, and best way
from point to point is the right line."
I mean, in this argument, to pursue that line.
Any policy that does not stand squarely "to it
comes in " such a questionable shape that I will
speak to it."
In pursuance of that line, I claim the right now
to place myself and my constituency unequivo-
cally in the position of protestants against any
doctrine which would seem to approve of the
conduct of the constitutional convention in Kan-
sas.
I do not propose now to argue at length. I
propose now only to nail against the door, at the
threshold of this Congress, my theses. When
the proper time comes, 1 will defend them, whether
from the assaults of political friend or foe. [would
fain be silent, sir, here and now. But silence,
which is said to be as "harmless as a rose's
breath," may be as perilous as the pestilence.
This peril comes from the attempt to forego the
capital principle of Democratic policy, which I
think has been done by the constitutional con-
vention of Kansas.
I maintain:
1. That the highest refinement and greatest
utility of Democratic policy—the genius of our
institutions—is the right of self-government.
2. That this self-government meant the will
of the majority, legally—if you please, legally
expressed.
5. That this self-government and majority rule
were sacredly guarantied in the organic act of
Kansas.
4. That it was guarantied upon the question
of slavery in terms; and generally with respect
to all the domestic institutions of the people.
5. That domestic institutions meant all which
are "local, not national—State, not Federal."
It means that and that only—that always.
6. That the people were to be left perfectly free
to establish or abolish slavery, as well as to form
and regulate their other institutions.
7. That the doctrine was recognized in every
part of the Confederacy by the Democracy; fixed
an their national platform; asserted by their speak-
ers and presses; reiterated by their candidates;
incorporated in messages ana instructions; and
formed the feature which distinguished the De-
mocracy from its opponents, who maintained the
doctrine of congressional intervention.
The proof of this seventh proposition is every-
where of rccord.
1. Cincinnati platform.
At the Democratic National Convention, held
in June, 1856, when Mr. Buchanan was nomin-
ated for the Presidency, the following solemn
declaration was unanimously made:
" Resolved, That we recognize the right of tile people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the fairly expressed (notimplied) will ofthemajoiity
of actual residents, and whenever the number of their in-
liabltants justifies It, to form a constitution, with or without
domestic slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon
terms of perfect equality with the other States."
2. The President's inaugural.
Mr. Buchanan, in accepting the nomination,
unequivocally pledged himself to a faithful exe-
cution of the act of Congress of 1854, and to be
guided in his administration by the resolve of the
Cincinnati Convention. In his inaugural address
he referred to this matter, and thus expressed
himself:
" What a conception, then, was it for Congiess to appiy
tiiia simple rule—that the will of the majority shall govern
—to the settlement of the question of domestic slavery in
the Terntones!"
And in the same address, the President, after
referring to the question of the time of admission
of a State as unimportant, uses this emphatic lan-
guage:
"This is, happily, a matter of but little practical import-
ance. Besides, it is a judicial question winch legitimately
belongs to the Supreme Court of the United States, before
whom it is now pending, and wiil, it is understood, he
speedily and finally settled. To their decision, m .common
with all good citizens, I shall cheerfully submit, whatever
this may be, though it has ever been my individual opinion
that, under the Nebraska-Kansas act, the appropriate period
will be when the number of actual residents in the Terri-
tory shall justify the formation of a constitution with a view
to its admission as a state into the Union. But be this as
it may, it is the imperative and indispensable duty of the
Government of the United States to secure to every resi-
dent inhabitant the free and independent expression of his
opinion by his vote. This saeied right of each individual
must be preserved
3. Governor Walker's acceptance and address.
Mr. Buchanan, shortly after coming into power,
found Kansas without a Governor; he took time
to select a good man for the post. He tendered
it to Hon. Robert J. Walker, who declined it.
He again and again tendered the office to the same
gentleman, who at last, on the 30th March, after
frequent conversations with the President, accept-
ed the post. In accepting the office, he did so after
thus addressing the Prcsidentin writing:
" I understand that you and your Cabinet cordially concur
in the opinion expressed by me, that the actual bona fide
residents of the Territory of Kansas, by a fair and regular
vote, unaffected by fraud or violence, must be permitted, in
adopting their State constitution, to decide for themselves
what shall be their social institutions. This is the great
fundamental principle of the act of Congress organizing that
Territory, affirmed by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and is in accordance with the views uniformly ex-
pressed by me throughout my public career. I contemplate
a peaceful solution of this question by an appeal to the in-
telligence and patriotism of the people of Kansas, who
should all participate freely and fully m this decision, and
by a majority of whose votes the decision must be made, as
the only and constitutional mode of adjustment.
111 will go, then, and endeavor to adjust these difficulties,
in the fulfconfidence, as strongly expressed by you, that I
will be sustained by all your own high authority, with the
cordial cooperation of all your Cabinet."
Was there any complaint when Governor
Walker thus accepted this post of trouble and
responsibility? Who thought the conditions of
his acceptance illegal, or in violation of usage
or principle? Was the President's action hailed
with denunciations, or with acclamation ?
Meanwhile, the President addressed the clergy
of Connecticut to the same purport.
4. Mr. Buchanan to the clergy.
In Mr. Buchanan's letter to the Connecticut
clergymen he thus defines his motives, and justi-
fies nis action in sending troops to Kansas:
"The convention will soon assemble to perform the sol-
emn duty of framing a constitution for themselves and their
posterity ; and, in the state of incipient rebellion which still
exists in Kansas, it is my imperative duty to employ the
troops of the United States,, should this become necessaiy
in defending the convention against violence while framing
the constitution, and m protecting the < bona fide inhab-
itants,' qualified to vote under the provisions of this instru-
ment, in the free exercise of the right of suffrage, when it
shall be submitted to them for approbation oi injection.'1
Still, anxious and fearful, the President sent
after the Governor written instructions, which
leave no doubt as to his integrity and determina-
tion to make good his inaugural, his instructions
given personally, and his letter to the clergy. Here
is the most pointed part of those instructions.
5. Instructions to Governor Walker:
" The institutions of Kansas should be established hr the
votes of the people of Kansas, unawed and unmteirupted
by force and fraud.
" The regular Legislature of the Territory having author-
ized the assembling of a convention to frame a constitution,
to be accepted or rejected by Congress, under the provisions
of the Federal Constitution, the people of Kansas have the
right to be protected in the peaceful election of delegates for
such a purpose, under such authority; and the convention
itself has a right to similar protection in the opportunity for
tranquil and undisturbed deliberations. When such a con-
stitution shall be submitted to the people nf the Territory,
they must be protected m the exeici^e of their light to vote
for or against tho instrument, and the fair expression oi the
popular will must not be interrupted by fraud or violence."
This was what tho country, including the
people of Kansas, had a right to expect. But, as
if to put it beyond all doubt, Governor Walker
gave to those most nearly interested—the people
of Kansas—his renewed assurance of the mode in
which their constitution should be adopted.
6. Governor Walker's inaugural.
How did Governor Walker and the country
understand these expressionsof the President and
the official act of the Administration ? Governor
Walker, upon his arrival in the Territory, in his
inaugural address, thus expressed his views and
the views of those who sent him there. The lan-
guage is absolutely prophetic. He said:
" Ts it not infinitely better that slavery should be abolished
or established in Kansas, rather than that we should bceume
slaves, and not be permuted to govern omselves ? Isjlie
absence or existence of slavery in Kan.>as paramount to"lhe
great question of State sovereignty, self-government, and of
the Union?" * -* * * * + -v
« Ff patriotism, if devotion to the Constitution, and love
of the Union, should not induce the minority to yield to the
majonty on this question, let them reflect that, m no ewnt,
can the minority successfully determine the question per
manently; and in no contingency will Congicss admit Kan-
sas as a slave or as a free State, unless a majonty of the
people of Kansas shall fir^t have fairly and freely decided
the question for themselves hy a direct vote on the adoption
of the constitution, excluding all fraud or violence.
"The minority, in resisting tiie will of the majority, may
involve Kansas again in civil war; they may bring upon
her reproach and obloquy, and destroy her progress and
prosperity: they may keep her for yoais out of the Union,
and,j.n the whirlwind of agitation, sweep away the Govern-
ment itself; but Kansas never can be hi ought into the
Union, with or without slavery, except by a previous sol-
emn decision, fully, freely, and fairly made by a majority
of her people, in voting for or against the adoption of the
State constitution
Now, it must notbe forgotten that, under these
repeated assurances—indorsed by the press of
this city, of Virginia, of the North, the West,
and the East—the constitutional convention was
called into being in February. In June, delegates
■were voted for. The leading spirits in that con-
vention were the delegates from Douglas county,
led by Calhoun, whose tactics and chicanery
seem to give character to the proceedings. These
delegates were questioned by the Democracy as
to this policy. They gave this reply:
7. Calhoun's pledges.
" To the Democratic voters of Douglas County :
" It having been stated by that Abolition newspaper, the
Herald of Freedom, and by some disaffected bogus Demo-
crats, who have got up an independent ticket, for the pur-
pose of securing the vote of the Black Republicans, that the
regular nominees of the Democratic convention were op-
posed to submitting the constitution to the people, we, tho
candidates of the Democratic party, submit tho following
resolutions, which were adopted by the Democratic con-
vention which placed us in nomination, and which wo
fully and heartily indorse as a complete lefutation of the
slanders above referred to.
John Calhoun, A. W. Jones,
W. s. Wells, h. bctchcr,
L. s. Bollin'u, Jons M. Wallace,
Wm T. Spicely, L.A.Pratiier.
"Lecompton, Kansas Territory, June 13, 1657."
"Resolved, That we will support no man as a delegate to
the constitutional convention, whose duties it will" be to
fiame the constitution of the futuie State of Kansas and
to mold the political institutions under which we, as a
people, arc to live, unless he pledges himself fully, freely,
and without reservation, to use every honorable means to
submit the same to every bona fide actual citizen of Kansas,
at the proper time for the vote* being taken upon the adop-
tion by the people, in otdcr that the said constitution may
be adopted or irjected by the actual settlers in this Terri-
tory, as the majority of the voters bhall decide."
Now it must not be forgotten again, that, by
this time, the slavery question was virtually set-
tled in Kansas. The remaining question was that
of self-government. It was white, not black Re-
publicanism. It was the complete subjugation
of all interests to the popular will.
What, then, can equal in treachery the con-
duct of these Catilines of Kansas, who, under all
these obligations of principle and honor, attempt
to subjugate the popular will to theirs ? Were
these delegates angels, that they should intervene
to despoil the people of their expected boon of
free expression as to the institutions under whose
protection theirhomes, their lands, their children,
were to be panoplied ? Better, far better, than
this, the intervention of this distant Congress,
than that of the traitors within the very citadel
of their rights!
Having thus shown the pledges of the Democ-
racy to the people of Kansas, I affirm—
8. That to be found recreant to them now,
when the practical test is upon us, would be a
gross breach of faith, and a disgraceful desertion
of duty, for which there is no escape from public
condemnation.
9. That the approval of the Lecompton con-
stitution, however the result of the election of the
21st of December next may eventuate, whether
there be a slave State or a free State, involves this
breach of faith and desertion of duty; because,
First. That constitution, while it is asserted
that it is submitted to the people in the essential
point, thus recognizing an obligation to submit it
111 some mode, cannot, in any event, be rejected
hy the people of Kansas. The vote must be for
its approval, whether the voter votes one way or
another. The people may be unwilling to take
1 either of the propositions, and yet must vote one
| or the other of them. They have to vote " con-
! stitution with slavery," or '■ constitution without
| slavery;" but the constitution they must take,
j They have no business with the constitution ;
| slavery they may dabble in. With that they are
j graciously permitted to meddle. But as for their
I organic law, " hands off, ye plebeians; your touch
j is unholy !" They come to exercise their will at
j the polls. They find a clenched list on either
! hand. No open palm, unless first they give up
| their franchise as to the constitution. Then, oh!
I then, they may be permitted to vote on one sub-
t ject only. Is there a Democrat here who would.
I stand that? if there is, he ought to go west and
