102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Hamlin.
Senate.
cise it as we believe to be right; and hence we are
opposed to postponement. We want no delay.
Mr. HALE, Mr. SEWARD, and Mr. WIL-
SON, rose.
Mr. GREEN. I am not through. I should
like to give way, but three States jumping up at
once rather discomposes me. Maine has been
heard. New Hampshire, New York, and Mas-
sachusetts, are ready to be heard. All I desire to
say is, that a postponement of this question does
more harm than good. It subserves no public
good; it advances no public benefit; it does not
tend to the public understanding of this question.
It is as well understood to-night as it will be
when the Senator from Now Hampshire, the
Senator from New York, and the Senator from
Massachusetts, shall have spoken. They have
all spoken once. If there is to be no limit to de-
bate, there can be no decision of any question
whatever. When shall we say that decision shall
take place, that termination of debate be had?
The public responsibility hanging over the heads
of a majority is a corrective for their position, if
they fail to exercise their power. Their respons-
ibility to the country is enough to stimulate them
to do their duty; and hence I must.say it is their
duty, even if the minority think it to be harsh, to
demand an expression of the opinion of the Sen-
ate on thisquestion. It has been debated; it lias
been discussed; ithasbeen investigated;and even
to-night we have consumed more than two hours
on immaterial matters, which time could have
been very properly appropriated to the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] in the de-
livery of his legal argument to spread before the
country, rather than thus consume time upon
these immaterial points*
Are we responsible, am I responsible, is any
other one man responsible, for this consumption
of time'
Mr. WADE. You talk more than anybody
else.
Mr. GREEN. If I had ever made as long a
song as the Senator from Ohio, about Moses in
his exit from the land of the Egyptians to Canaan,
I hope I should be held responsible for the coil-
sumption of time; but I trust I have never done it.
My object has been to talk to the question pend-
ing before the Senate; and every argument I have
made, every point I have presented—as he will
admit, if lie admits the truth—was pertinent to
the question pending; and what I am now saying
is as to the propriety of a postponement of the
subject now under consideration. Now, Mr, as
my friend from Ohio [Mr. I'uon] suggests to me,
let them talk; let them vote.
Mr. WILSON. When the Senator from Mis-
souri made his repoit on the 18th day of Febru-
ary, he pledged himself to the Senate and the
country that Senators should have a fair oppor-
tunity for the full and free discussion of this ques-
tion. The recotds of the Senate bear evidence
that he, as the organ of the committee reporting
this bill, gave that pledge to this body and to
every member of the body. On the 1st day of
March, upon his own motion, under his own
lead, the Senate entered upon the discussion of
the bill now before us. Two weeks ago the de-
bate commenced. Eight members have spoken
in support of the bill. When the Senator from
New Hampshire shall have closed his speech,
eight members will have spoken against the bill.
Here are sixteen members of the Senate who
have addressed the body upon this question. I
take it that eacli inembei who hasnotspoken has
as clear a right to speak as the Senator from Mis-
souri or any of those gentlemen who have spoken,
and who now stand before the Senate and the
country to compel us to speak now or abandon
our rights, thus violating the pledges they have
given.
Senators know that this is a question which in-
terests every man, woman, and child in the Re-
public. No such domestic question has been pre-
sented to the Senate of the United States during
this century. Itis not only of itself one of trans-
cendent magnitude and'importance, in which the
people are deeply interested, but it towers above
all Other questions. In it are involved matters
concerning fraud, violence, and outrage of unpar-
alelled atrocity, that have been perpetrated in one
of the Territories of this Union. I say that this
is the most important domestic question that has
been presented! to the Senate during this century.
I take it that nearly every Senator desires to ex-
press his views upon it; and he has a right to ex-
press his views and to express them in proper
hours.
We had from the Senator from Missouri, as the
organ of the committee, the pledge which I have
stated. During the week before last, the Senate
engaged in the discussion of the question four
days. It has been the practice of the body, since
the Christmas holidays, until last week, to ad-
journ from Thursday to Monday. Last Thurs-
day week, that motion was made and prevailed,
and Senators may claim that two days were lost
by that vote. Last week we met day after day,
steadily, and for five or six hours each day the
time of the Senate was occupied in the discussion
of this question. On Saturday last, about four and
a half o'clock 
Mr. GREEN. Three and a half o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. Well, sir, at half past three
o'clock 011 Saturday, on the request of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr Wadf,,] who has recently been
confined to a sick bed for days, the bill was post-
poned until to-day, to allow him time to finish
his speech. That speech has been finished. I
know that fourteen members of the Senate op-
posed to this Lecompton fraud and this Lecomp-
ton swindle, desire to express their views upon
the question. I understand that some four or five
Senatois on the"other side intend to speak in sup-
port of the measure. Bo that as it may, I think
those gentlemen who had the pledge of the Senator
from Missouri, to which I have already adverted,
have a right to express their opinions within
proper time and at proper hours. 1 believe that by
mooting daily at twelve o'clock and sitting until
six or seven, this question can be settled during
the present week; I have not a doubt of it; at
furthest, it can be settled a week from this day.
Some amendments will be offered to the bill, and
they may occasion a brief debate; but if the Sen-
ators who claim to have all the responsibilities and
all the duties will adjourn, we will consult together
to-morrow, and wili tell them what we desire. If
it be reasonable, they ought to grant it. If it be
unreasonable, they ought to reject it.
Mr. KENNEDY. I rise merely to ask a ques-
tion. Will the gentlemen on the other side agree
to the settlement of the whole matter on any day
this week?
Mr. WILSON. What we have asked is 
Mr. KENNEDY. I do not inquire what you
have asked, but will you do it?
Mr. "WILSON. Wcwill settle it to-morrow
morning.
Mr, GREEN. What will you do?
Mr. "WILSON. We will settle that point to-
morrow, and £ivc you an answer in good faith.
Mr. GREEN. We must have an answer to-
night, or sit it out.
Mr. WILSON. I tell you there is no disposi-
tion here to be factious. Everybody know? that
this is a question on which there is a deep feeling
in the Senate and the country.
Mr. KENNEDY, What am I to understand
as the answer of the gentleman ?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot answer certainly
what we shall do. All we ask is, that we shall
have an opportunity to meet and consult to-mor-
row.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do y®u believe your friends
will fix some day this week ?
Mr. WILSON. I am asked by the Senator
from Louisiana to say what I believe about it?
Well, .sir, I believe that, by sitting- here five or
six hours a day, Senators who desire to be heard
can all express their views, and the question can
be settled this week, or at any rate I think it can
be settled within a week from this day. That is
my opinion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, I will state the question I intended to put to
him. The Democratic party announced last week
that it desired to take the final vote on this bill
to-night. In the course of to-day, it was suggested
by gentlemen on the other side that they had not
had a full and fair opportunity for debate; and, as
I understand, a suggestion was made to them to
name a time which would be sufficient to give
them an opportunity of expressing their views
on the question, but they have uniformly declined
to suggest any time. I understand further, thai
the gentlemen on the Democratic side ofthe House
have suggested to them, that if they would ap-
point any day this week, and any hour of any day
this week, at which the vote was finally to be
taken, they might have their adjournments and
their recesses, and arrange the business to suit
themselves; but we cannot get it said by anybody
that even that will be done. I now repeat that I
understand the Democratic party would be entirely
willing, if the gentlemen of the Opposition would
say, " let us consult to-morrow morning what we
will do; we expect to accept your proposition; but
if we do not, we shall have no further complaint
to make; we think if you will give us an oppor-
tunity of consulting together in the morning, we
shall consent to take the vote this week"—the
Democratic party will agree to do it.
Mr. KING}. We cannot say so.
Mr. FESSENDEN (to Mr. Benjamin.) If not,
you can push it through.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If not, there will be a con-
tinuous night session until the vote can betaken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what I said.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say a word in re-
ply to what has fallen from the Senator from
Louisiana. I think he charges us on this side of
the Senate—I speak of my own political friends—
unjustly in saying that we have failed to indicate
any time when we thought the vote could be taken
on this question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Any time this week, I said.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, any time this week, I
desire to say that I bad an interview with Sena-
tors on the other side of the Chamber—the Sena-
tor from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] was one of
them—in the ante-room, and that Senator made
the suggestion to me, and my friend from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Chandler] that the debate should be
closed this week, and the vote taken one week
from this day; and the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Green] was also present. I told them very
frankly that I had no authority to conclude any
arrangement for any persons; but this I would
do: if they on their part would make an effort
upon that side ofthe Chamber to allow the debate
to proceed in its regular order during this week,
I would interest myself with my fiiends upon this
side of the Chamber to get them to agree to it. I
came here and I found a general disposition on
this side to accede to these terms; but we had no
man who could speak authoritatively. It was in-
stantly suggested that we should meet and confer
with each other to-morrow morning. Immedi-
ately following came the word from the other side
of the Chamber that it was to be a question of
physical endurance here.
Now, I am willing to carry out in good faith
the suggestions that I made on that occasion; and
I think the reason which I gave why the vote
should not be taken on Saturday was a very good
and a very satisfactory one. After the legitimate
debate shall have closnd, every one knows there
will be amendments offered. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Pugii] has already offered an amend-
meut;and the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Clark] has indicated amendments which he will
propose. There is always on a question of this
importance, after the general discussion is closed,
a discursive debate, which would undoubtedly
run into Monday night if we agreed to take the
vote on Monday. \Vith that knowledge before
us, and knowing the history of all our legislation,
I thought Saturday night an inappropriate time
on which to agree to take the vote—much less ap-
propriate than Monday. I did not see that one
day made much difference; I do not see it now;
and I think 1 gave a very good reason for fixing
upon Monday, instead of Saturday, for taking
the vote.
I have no authority to speak for anybody on
this side of the Chamber; but I think I can say
that if the majoiitjr are disposed to giva- us the
opportunity, we will come together to-morrow
morning and confer with each other, and then we
will tell them what, in our opinion, under all the
circumstances, we ought to do, and then, if our
terms be not satisfactory, or if they do not come
up to the propositions that have been submitted,
if it becomes a question of physical endurance, so
be it. I insist that we, on this side of the Cham-
