2164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
man, widow of Lloyd Redman—to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
A bill (No. 426) for the relief of Monroe D.
Downs—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 577) for the relief of Rebecca M.
Bowden, of Prince George county, Virginia—to
the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 578) for the relief of Isaac Drew,
and other settlers upon the public lauds in the
State of Wisconsin—to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A joint resolution (No. 10) for the relief of
General Sylvester Churchill—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and Militia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the follow-
ing bills, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (No. 56) making an appropriation for the
completion of the military road from Astoria to
Salem, in Oregon Territory;
A bill (C. C. No. 65) for the relief of Benjamin
L. McAtee and Isaac N. Eustham, of Louisville,
Kentucky;
A bill (No. 222) for the relief of Elizabeth E.
V. Field;
A bill (No. 231) for the relief of Nancy Se-
rena;
A bill (No. 251) to authorize the claimants in
right of John Huertas to enter certain lands in
Florida;
A btll (No. 318) recognizing the assignment on
land warrant No. 35,956, issued to John Davis,
as valid; and
A bill (No. 336) for the relief of B. W. Palmer
and others.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. GREEN. I renew my motion for an ex-
ecutive soss«on.
Mr HUNTER. Before that is done, allow me
to call up the appropriation bill, so that it may
have its place in the proper orders. I do not pro-
pose to act on it.
Mr. GREEN. I object, We must now have
an executive session. That will come up in time.
The motion of Mr. Green was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business. After some time spent therein,
the doors weie reopened, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jfay 15, 1858.
The House met tit eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Nadal.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not think
there is a quorum hero, and I believe some of the
gentlemen who were so zealous yesterday ere ab-
sent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain if
there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER, then proceeded to count the
House, and ascertained that only eighty members
were present.
Mr. DA VIS, of Mississippi. I move that there
be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Oleilc then called the roll.
Mr. MORGA 1ST. There is evidently a quorum
here now, and 1 move to dispense with all futther
proceedings under the call.
Mr. A J1LLSON. I hope the absentees will first
be eailcd.
Mr. G1LMAN. I will state that my colleague,
Mr. Morse, is confined to his room by indispo-
sition.
Mr. MORGAN. I will waive my motion.
The muiK-s of the absentees were then called.
The following are the names of the members
who failed to answer to their names:
Messrs \rlrnm, Vhl.Aveiy. Km k^dale, Jifchop, Bocock,
Bonharn. liiavton. Hiyaii. Bmlin<iame,Riiinctt. Burroughs,
Campbell, Carutiieis, C'askic, floiace F. Clark, Claik B.
Cochtane. Coining. «',->■?, Ctatrm, Button Craige, Damrell,
Dewuii, I)u:k. IDurlee, Elliott, English, Bust's,
Florence, GaiO'-tf, Giddin^, Giimei.Goocl). Lawrence W.
Ilali.Robetr V, Hi'li, Harlan, J. Mouhoii TLiiu-j, Hatch,
Ilawkm-. U'.-knrtu,' lii!L Morton, Houston. Jiuvler. Jen-
kin-, Kent. J«.hn C. KuukeL Lamm, Lnndy, Lawieuco,
Leadi, L'-ulv, Ji K.nbui, JI'-Uuc'ii. ."\3ri".-orontgomei/,
Mown , r o<'II Mot Mutiaj , A'icltoJ-?, P« } ton, Pow-
ell. Piiivuii. Real' , (tally. Rjcand, Robert:-, Savage,
Herm!'". V'l. t« i. Sickl"'. Saimi-'! A tomtit. WiJ
liam Smith, Stalhvorth, George Taylor, Thayer, Thompson,
Trippe, Ward, Warren, Watkins, Whiteley, Wood, Au-
gustus R. Wright, and John V. Wright.
A quorum (one hundred and forty-five mem-
bers) having appeared,
Mr. MORGAN moved that all further proceed-
ings be suspended.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to report myself as
present.
Mr. READY. I was here just after my name
was called.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I was absent
by the leave of the House, as a member of the
Judiciary Committee, and 1 desire to have my
name recorded.
Mr. SAVAGE. I should like to be reported as
present.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman present
when his name was called?
Mr. SAVAGE. I was not.
The SPEAKER,. Then the Chair does not see
how the gentleman can be recorded as present.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was absent by the leave
of the House, and, of course, was constructively
present, as I was last night.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has the benefit of his leave of absence on
record.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I desire to state that my
colleague [Mr. Leach] is too much indisposed to
attend the sitting of the House to-day.
The question was taken on Mr. Morgan's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So all further proceedings under „the call were
dispensed with.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
APPORTIONMENT OF CLERKS, ETC.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report a bill from a select
committee, for the purpose of having the bill and
report printed and referred. It is a bill to appor-
tion the clerks and messengers in the several De-
partments of the United States Government in the
city of Washington among the several States and
Territories and the District of Columbia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled, an act (S. No.
245) to authorize the settlement of the accounts of
Luther Jv wet t, late collector of the district of Port-
land and Falmouth, in the State of Maine; and a
resolution (S. No. 2) to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to audit and settle the accounts
of the contractor for the erection of the United
States marine hospital at San Francisco, Califor-
ani; when the Speaker signed the same.
CONTUMACIOUS "WITNESS.
The Seigcant-at-Arms appeared at the bar of
the House, and made the following return to the
warrant directing him to arrest Robert W. La-
tham:
ok Kri'rrsfntatives, May 1-1, 1858.
The withui-naincd Robeit W. Latham appealed this
morning vohint.uil> at the office of the Scrgeant-at-Aims,
and avows himself H'ady to answer.
A. J. GLOSSBRENNER,
Sergeant-at-.-lrms oj House of Iicps. U. S.
To the Hon. Jamks L. Orr, Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Robert W. Latham, you
have been arrested and brought to the bar of the
House for disregarding the summons of the House
in failing to appear before one of its committees.
What reason ha\e you to assign for thus disre-
garding the summons of the House ?
Mr. Latham submitted the following answer in
writing:
Washington, May 14, lbo8.
Sir: As I was about leaving this Citj lor the Wc-t, to he
absent fcome two weeks, on business of such importance
that I could not neglcct it, I r<-ecivul a Mimrnotici lo appear
bcfoie a committee, on the Jd of May, of winch the Hon.
Mr. II \skin was chanman.
Finding thai if I did so, it would occasion me senous
injury, and cause me to bieak nnpoiiant engagements*, I
addressed a polite note to the chnuman ot the committee,
requesting the fuvor that mv examination might be po-t-
■poned two weeks? from the 3d of May, upon th<  gionnd that
no po^ible injury could occur by the delay. L stated that
I felt assured that not one gentleman on hi:. committee would
hesitate to giantme the l.ivor asked. That time expu^ on
Monday next, and I stated m mv letter that I would iciurn
sooner, if I eeu'd. but did not wish 10 n:ak( a psomr-c, and
not comply with it. I i^tamed tin*morning, -md 'v,i--mia-h
surprised, when I arrived at the Relay House, on my way
to fulfill my promise and to obey the summons of the com-
mittee, to learn that I had 'rpjused to obey its summons, and
that the Sergeant-at-Arms had been sent after me, and that
I was to be arraigned at the bar of the House of Represent-
atives to answer a chargc of contempt. I am now here,
ready to answer all mtei rogatories that may be addressed
to me.
I hope that this brief statement will be satisfactory to you,
and will acquit me of any willful purpose of disobeying the
mandates of your honoiable body.
I am very respectfully, your obedient servant,
R. W. LATHAM.
Hon. James L. Orr,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HASKIN. Reference being made in the
answer of the witness just read to a letter which
he wrote to me as chairman of the select commit-
tee, I desire to say that I did receive from the wit-
ness on the 30th of April, a letter informing me,
as chairman of the committee, that he could not
attend before us on the following Monday, inas-
much as he had business of pressing importance
in Kentucky. As soon as I received that letter,
which came to me through the post office, I laid
the matter before the committee, and on that day
(April 30) I addressed to Mr. Latham this reply:
Jlpril 30,1858.
Sir: Your letter is received, and in reply I have to say
that the near approach of the close of the bb&sion, and the
anxiety of the committee to close their labors, rcndcis it im-
possible to grant your request that your examination shall
be postponed two weeks. Although sorry to interfere with
youi private business, the committee are still under the ne-
cessity of requiring you to obey the summons served upon
you by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Very respectfully, JOHN B. HASKIN,
Chainnan Tf'i/Airis's Point Committee, 1L JR.
R. W. Latham, Esq.
Before I received the letter of Mr. Latham, and,
as 1 understand, before it had been sent to me, on
the 30th of April, he had left the city and gone to
Kentucky. I was informed by the gentleman who
served the summons—Mr. Cole, I think—that,
when he served the summons,on the28th of April,
he requested Mr. Latham to appear before the
committee, or to see, in person, some one of its
members; and stated that some arrangement would
be made by which his testimony would be taken
before the following Monday. Mr. Latham then
promised to attend the committee on the following
Monday; but, notwithstanding, left, and did not
attend before the committee, as has been stated.
As our only object, however, was to have him ex-
amined before the committee, and as that object
will be attained by his voluntary appearance and
surrender to the Sergeant-at-Arms, I move the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That Robert W. Latham be discharged from
the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms upon his appearing to
testify before the committee appointed to investigate the
; sale and purchase of the propeityat YVilkins's Point for
fortification purposes.
The resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbitry Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 103) for the relief of Simon de
Visser and Jose Villarubia, of New Orleans;
An act (No. 30) for the relief of Elizabeth
j Montgomery, heir of Hugh Montgomery; and
■ An act (No. 4G) to grant the right of preetnp-
! tion in certain lands to the Indiana Yearly Mcet-
| ing of Friends.
j COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE,
j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unanimous
j consent of the House to report a resolution in ref-
j crence to thecollcction of the revenue, for the pur-
' pose of reference to the Committee of the Whole
1 on the state of the Union.
Several Members. Regular order.
, Mr. MOORE. I ask the consent to make a re-
port from the Committee of Claims. I was not
; present when the call was made yesterday
j The SPEAKER. The probability is that the
; gentleman's committee will be again called m the
i course of the day.
| QUESTION OF ORDER.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the appeal from the decision of the Chair, re-
I ceivjng the report made by the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
I Mr. WINSLOW. I move to lay the appeal on
the table
