1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
accordingly they elected that number. The act
of Congress required this convention to assemble
on a given day in one chamber, and there, by uni-
ted councils, with opportunity for personal con-
ference and mutual debate, as the deliberation and
judgment of all the delegates together, to form a
constitution and State government. The fact is,
there never was any such convention, liierc
were two conventions on that day, neither of them
consisting of all the delegates, both of them to-
gether consisting of more delegates than even the
extraordinary construction placed on the act of
Congress would authorize, consisting of men who
weTe merely claimants for seats on each side; and
the constitution was formed by a committee of
conference between these two bodies.
It is said that this irregularity was cured by the
subsequent vote of the people ratifying the con-
stitution. I can discover no reason why Minne-
sota was at liberty to dispense with the conven-
tion more than with the vote of the people. They
Were both required by law. But, sir, be it so; then
we come to inquire what was this vote of the peo-
ple of Minnesota, which is said to have healed
all the former irregularities ? I have heard Sen-
ators complain bitterly that no man was allowed
to vote in Kansas on the 21st of December, for or
against slavery, unless he would vote for the con-
stitution. That has been said again and again.
It has been said that every elector was compelled
to vote for" constitution with slavery," or " con-
stitution with no slavery;" and therefore a man
who was opposed to some provision of the con-
stitution, or who did not wish to vote on the con-
stitution, could not vote either for or against sla-
very; and that has been a constant theme of
declamation in this Chamber since the 9th of De-
cember last. Wow, sir, let us turn to the case of
Minnesota.
1 shall read three sections from the constitution
of Minnesota, by which it is provided not only
that the vote upon the constitution shall be hfld
on the same day and at the same polls with the
vote for all the officers to be chosen under the
constitution, thus electing men to offices not in
existence at the time, but that no man should
vote for or against the constitution unless he
would votefor officers under it. He that runs
may read:
" .Sec. 16- Upon the second Tuesday, the 13th day of
October, 1857, an election shall be held lot member^ ot the
Ilou-e of Representatives of the United r?tare-\ Goveinot,
Lieutenant Governor, supreme and du-tnetiudges, monibuis
of the Legislature, and al! other officers designated in this* (
constitution, and aho lor tho submission of tins constitution :
to the people lor their adoption or rejection. j
*< Sec. 17. Upon the (lay &o designated aforesaid, every |
free white male inhabitant over the age oftvvemy-one years,
who shall have resided within the limit* of the State for ten
day* previous to the da*, ot said election, may vote lor all
otlieeih to be elected under this constitution, at such elec-
tion, and also, for or against the adoption of the constitu-
tion.
'•Sec. 18. In voting for or agalnet the adoption of this
constitution, the words 'for constitution' or ' against con-
stitution,' may be wiuten or printed on the ticket of each
voter ; but 110 voter shall vote for or against this constitu-
tion on a separate be Hot from that cast by him for officers
to be electcd at said election under this constitution."
If the form of submission on the 21st of De-
cember, 1857, in Kansas, was fraudulent, what
•will become of the ratification of the constitution
of Minnesota by the people ? It is admitted that
her convention was irregular, or rather there was
no convention at all; it is admitted that, from the
very initiation of the proceedings the act of Con-
gress was not observed; butSenators stand here
to-day insisting on the admission of the State by
the sole virtue of a popular vote. Here is the
vote. Is it valid or invalid? If it be valid, so
was the vote in Kansas on the 21st of December.
If it be invalid, Minnesota has no more title than
Kansas to be admitted into the Union. But, sir,
in my judgment, in neither case, are the objec-
tions material.
I might give another illustration. If we are to
look into the constitutions of States applying for
admission, as the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Clark] proposed last night, to pass upon
the wisdom or the justice of their provisions, to
decide whether the State should admit or exclude
African servitude, should, admit or exclude free
negroes, what shall we say of this constitution
for Minnesota, under which the Representatives
chosen in October, 1857,are elected for life > There
is absolutely no provision of the constitution of
Minnesota limiting the terms of the Representa-
tives already chosen. I grant it is a mere omis-
sion; I have no doubt the convention intended to
make such a pmvision; but none appears. There
lid be no limitation of the terms of the Sena-
wou'd
tors in that Legislature but for a provision, that
whenever a census shall be taken by the United
States, or by the authority of the State Legisla-
ture, then the seats of all the Senators shall be-
come vacant. If it were not for that, the Sena-
tors in the Legislature of Minnesota would be
chosen for life as well as (he Representatives. But,
I repeat, these objections are wholly immaterial,
just as were all the arguments addressed to us in
reference to the provisions of the constitution of
Kansas.
My honorable friend, the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] who is not now ill his seat, as a
minority of the Committee on Territories, urges
| this proposition: that the convention in Kansas
: derived its whole power from the Territorial Legis-
lature, and, therefore, the vote ordered to be taken
on the 4th of January, 1858, by the Territorial
i Legislature, was a proper vote upon the adoption
or rejection of the constitution. It is said, further-
more, that Kansas presents herself to us now
with a simple petition in her hands. In myjudg-
ment, the convention of Kansas derived no au-
thority from the Territorial Legislature; it received
all its authority from the people in the election
of the delegates. What has the Territorial Le-
gislature done? It has prescribed, in the act of
February, 1857, the time, place, and manner of
electing delegates, and the time when they shall
assemble in convention; that is all. Does that
constitute the Legislature the source of the power
to be exercised by the delegates when assembled ?
Then let us turn to the case of Minnesota. Con-
gress passed an act prescribing the time, place, j
and manner for the election of delegates in Min- ;
nesota, and prescribing the day when those dele- i
gates should assemble in convention. Did the j
convention of Minnesota derive its power to make j
a constitution for that people from the Congress
of the United States ? Are we the source of au- ,
thority from which the constitution of Minnesota
is derived? If so, the constitutions of the States, j
instead of being an expiession of the will of the j
people to be governed by them, are merely the j
acts of Congress through its agents and delegates j
assembled in the various States and Territories, j
No, sir; in the act of electing a delegate, the people j
have clothed him with power, and, from the hour !
of his elect ion, he is a representative of the people,
not of the Legislature, and those delegates pro-
ceed, when assembled, in the exercise ot a power ;
which the Legislature never had, and never could
confer—the power to make a constitution, which
is above all Legislatures. And therefore, in my
opinion the attempted interference of the last Ter-
ritorial Legislature of Kansas, at the special ses-
sion called by Mr. Secietary Stanton, was unau-
thorized, factious, and void. The Legislature
had no more right to interfere with the constitu-
1 tion, to alter the mode of its submission, to touch
, any provision in it, than we have this day to re-
vise the constitution of Minnesota.
! It is true, sir, Kansas presents herself to us with
' a petition in her hand; but what are the contents
i of that petition? Honorable Senators seem to
j imagine that Kansas petitions us to approve her
constitution; to pass our judgment upon its pro-
■ visions: to sav. " this is wise, that is unwise."
is only requisite that a new State, as an old one,
should have a form of .government.
| Wul, sir,, lot us look as wellat the case of Kas-
1 sas as of Minnesota. I looked far enough to see
I that, in each, provision is made for a Governor
j and a Legislature, to be chosen by the people, to
i exercise the authority of the State, to make the
jj laws, and to execute "the laws; a government re-
sponsible to the people; a government over which, *
by the clearest principles of constitutional law,
the people have complete power of revision.
There, I am satisfied, is a republican form of
government. If there be any mistake in the"
constitutions, any omissions, if there be unwise
provisions in them, or provisions which, upon
experience, prove not satisfactory, the people of
these States, like the people of the old States, can
reform their institutions so as to suit themselves.
Such being the case, I attach no serious import-
ance to any of the objections I have shown in the
constitution of Minnesota, and none to those
which others have made against the constitution
of Kansas. Each has a form of government—
a republican form of government. In the case of
Minnesota, she has the requisite population. In
the case of Kansas, all parties here, and all par-
ties in Kansas, the friends of Topeka, the friends
of Lecompton, the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, have agreed to
waive that question.
It is next said that Kansas cannot be allowed
admission into the Union, bccauseshe never sub-
mitted her constitution to a direct vote of the peo-
ple. I have already said that, in my judgment,
we have nothing to do with her constitution ex-
cept to inquire whether it provides for a republi-
can form of government; and we have no right to
specify how, or in what manner, or by what so-
lemnities she shall form or adopt her constitution.
She has formed it by a convention of delegate.
That is the old form. That is the form under
which the original States acted. Thatis the form
under which nearly all the new States have acted.
I think only six of the constitutions of the new
States were ever submitted to the people, and none
of the first constitutions of the old States. Gov-
ernor Walker, in his letter of resignation, says
that no constitution can ever be legitimate, or
rightly enforced, until it has been submitted to
the people; bemuse, he says, sovereignty canpnlv
act directly and never through delegates. If this
be so, Senators, we are the sheerest usurpers in
the world; for the Constitution of the United
Stales, under which we assume to act, never was
submitted to the people of any State. It is in force
to-day by the ratification of conventions in the
original States, and by the adoption of < inven-
tions m the new States. I have stated th.u the
original States neither submitted their own con-
I stitutions nor the Constitution of the United States
i to a vote of the people, and only six of the eigh-
I teen new States thus submitted their constitu-
tions.
Does Governor "Walker mean seriously to assert
that sovereignty can never be exercised through
delegates or representatives ? Is it not in virtue
of a delegation of sovereign power by the people
that a Legislature defines'every offense and fixes'
the punishment; that the judiciary examines into
every accusation, and in the proper case innicts
the punishment' Sir, is there a higher act of sov-
ereignty than to take the life of a citizen ? And
thafis taken by an executive officer in obedience
to a mandateof thejudiciary. .Sovereignty, tor-
Why, sir, Minnesota is also a petitioner with a
constitution in her hand. What is the petition?
nttt & State ji s^M^exalted and omnipoten;, quotK Gov
should have any written constitution. Many ot !,
the original States had no written constitutions, ■
i or none reduced to an exact form, until years arter i
■; the Constitution of the United-States had been ,
!' ratified and was in operation. The State of Rhode ,
!, Isiand was received into the Union in May, 17J0,,
!l with a form of government organized under the ;
11 royal charter of Charles II., and modified by meie ■
j usage; and I believe she did not change that tor ,
a wiitten constitution until within about fifteen ,
i' years. The Constitution of the United States |
!' does roi require the States *o have written ;
i| stitutions. In only requires them 10 have rcpuo- i
!j lican forms of government; and those torms may :
ij rest on parol or usage. That is th<>_ reason wny
:! the States of the Union have an unuimtei. power
{i to alter their own constitutions, their forms oi <
j: government, without the consent of Congress, (
• provided they still continue to bo repuo;:can. it1
ernor Walker, that it can make and unmake con-
stitutions, dynasties, and all forms of government
whatsoever; but so restrained withal, so humble,
so helpless, that it. cannot even choose itsownin-
stiuments, its forms of expression, its modes of
operation. We know, from the history and re-
ceived opinion of ail past time, that the people can
as well authorise delegates to make a constitution
as make it themselves. They do this because it
is inconvenient for the people to assemble in one
place, as they did in the ancientdemocracies; and
on account of this inconvenience, they choose rep-
resentatives, and instruct those representatives as
to their whhesiand the representatives, assembled
in due form of law, are the people by substitution.
Tliev act for the people, and in the nam<iof the
pec-rile, and by the authority of the people. If
they choose to take the advice of their constit-
uents, if they choose, in a question of doubt or
