-% a
1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
ber,are not to be charged with refusing any terms,
while T stand here affirming that I am ready, so
far as I may be able, to carry out the suggestion
which my friend from Mississippi made to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I distinctly proposed to
the Senator from Missouri, as he will remember
—and I said I was sure my friends on this side
of the Chamber would agree to my proposition,
for I had some concert with them—that if the Sen-
ate would adjourn until to-morrow morning after
my friend from New Hampshire should have
closed his speech, without attempting to coerce
us, without forcing us to make an agreement to-
night when we had no opportunity to consult with
each other, we would meet to-morrow morning;
and, if we should then fail to come to such terms
as would be satisfactory to Senators on the other
side, we should have no complaints to make if
they reduced it to a contest of physical endurance,
and endeavored to push the bill through at the
next sitting. We have said that this evening such
an attempt was not fair, not right; for the reason
^ that we had not sufficient notice given to us so as
* to have a consultation with our friends to prepare
our line of action. We told them that it came
upon us by surprise late in the afternoon. If you
had given us notice this morning that this was
your intention, so that we could have had a meet-
ing and consulted on the subject, we should have
been able to give an answer; but that being im-
possible to-night, all we have demanded was to
fce allowed an opportunity for consultation m the
morning; and then, if we failed to agree upon
terms, it would be a fair contest, and we should
have no complaints to make if the majority should
exercise its rights and powers; but v/c did com-
plain that this contest was sprung upon us at the
hour of the day it was. I now understand from
the Senator from Louisiana that our idea is one
that he docs not seem to think is very unreason-
able.
Mr. SEWARD. Iam notgoing,Mr.President,
to-night, to undertake to make an agreement for
my associates on this side of the Chamber, and I
am not going to consent that they shall make an
agreement for me. I take that stand upon this
ground, that it is confessed and avowed that the
party which supposes itself to be in the majority
in the Senate has had a consultation, a delibera-
tion to-day before we met, and determined upon
its course, and that by degrees as the debate pro-
ceeds in this Chamber itis disclosed partially and
problematically and suppositiously that the ques-
tion is to be taken to-night, unless the minority
withoutan opportunity forconsultation otherthan
can be afforded here in the Chamber, will agree
upon a day when the vote shall be taken.
Now, sir, I should be perfectly willing to fix a
day when the question is to be taken, if I could;
I am perfectly willing to consult on that subject;
I should be perfectly willing to undertake to fix
a day, if there was an opportunity for such con-
sultation as I know to be necessary on the part
of those with whom I am associated here, to de-
termine and give an honest, direct, manly answer
to the proposition. I know that is impossible
now; it has been all day, for as you see, taken by
surprise, a portion of our members are absent.
Mr. DIXON. A large portion.
Mr. SEWARD. A very considerable portion
of our members are absent: some are away from
the city; others are absent from the Chamber on
account of sickness. There is no possibility of
our answering the proposition made to us to-
night, unless a minority of our own party shall
undertake to determine the course of action by
which we shall be bound when the others come
in. In regard to those who are here and those
who are absent, it is a matter of calculation how
many gentlemen wish to be heard, and how long
those gentlemen will desire to speak; how much
time they will occupy in delivering their views;
and from the aggregate of that time must be de-
ducted the time which may be reasonably allowed
for the answers which may be given on the other
side of the Chamber to our arguments. Every
suggestion that has been made I have met directly
and distinctly by saying that I was unprepared;
that I could not be prepared; that, sitting here
and watching to take care lest the main question
itself might be taken if I were absent for a mo-
ment from tht) Chamber for consultation, it is im-
possible for me to ascertain who wish to speak,
and how long a time they will occupy, so as to
arrive at the grounds on which an answer might
be given to the proposition made to us. We are
entitled to that consultation.
Mr. President, I am not proposing to make any
threat. I shall never make any in the Senate
Chamber, t can promise for one—and I think
my whole course of action since I have been in
the Senate will justify what I say—that I notonly
shall not of myself institute any factious opposi-
tion to the transaction of the public business, but
that it is not in the power of men or of associations
to draw me into any. I will not be drawn into
any such opposition. I can say also, upon a very
thorough acquaintance with my associates, that I
do not know, I do not believe, I have not the least
reason for believing, that there is any member of
the Senate on the part of the supposed minority
who would be content to occupy, even on this great
question, one moment of time more than was
necessary to deliver himself of the views which
he entertains, according to the sense of responsi-
bility he confesses, for the instruction of the Sen-
ate, and for the information of the country, and
his own justification to his constituents, acting in
good faith. You may go on with the crushing
process, but it will come to that at last, that every
member will perform that duty, and he will do
no more—he will do no less. You may reverse the
screw and suspend the crushing process, and you
will arrive at the same result, and I think in the
same time.
Now, sir, this crushing process has no terrors
for me; I am used to it. I have been here eight
years; this is the ninth year of my service in this
body; and I have been crushed continually; but
notwithstanding all that I find that the party or
the interest that, has been crushed out here has
grown larger and larger just m proportion as mad-
ness has directed the force and pressure of the
screw; and that on the other hand the screw has
grown weaker and weaker. If I wanted perverse-
ness to be gratified with a speedy punishment, I
should invite gentlemen to go on with this op-
pression and force a conclusion under the circum-
stances of this case, for I hold it to be most un-
reasonable as well as most unwise. This debate
involves the admission of a State into this Union,
or the rejection of an application for admission.
Such a question, if you except the question raised
under the Topekaconstitution, has not been here
since the year 1850. At that time, the admission
of the State of California, together with the organ-
ization to be provided for the government of the
Territories of Utah and New Mexico, came be-
fore the country and the Senate under circum-
stances not dissimilar. Then, sir, wise men,
strong men, great men, were here, and they un-
dertook to bring into the Union the State of Cal-
ifornia with conditions, which, in their judgment,
the interests of the country under the circum-
stances required. A desultory debate on that
great question began on the first day of the ses-
sion,which was, I think, the 1st day of December,
1849; and every Senator was promised by the
great leader in that movement, and the promise
was faithfully kept, that he should be heard on
that question, and when all were heard the vote
should be taken; and the bill for the admission of
the State of California passed the Senate on the
13th day of August, 1850. This debate- began on
the 1st day of March, and not before—just fifteen
days ago; and of those fifteen dajrs there have
been two Sundays, thus reducing the number to
thirteen; and there have been two week days
when the Senate was not in session, and for the
failuie of the Senate to sit during those two days
the majority of the Senate is responsible accord-
ing to the confessions of the leader of the ma-
jority.
Thus it appears that eleven days have been al-
lowed to this debate when there are twenty Sen-
ators, all of whom desire to be heard in opposition;
twenty Senators opposed to the measure, bound
by their consciences, bound by their tesponsibil-
ity to their constituents, bound by the expecta-
tions of those constituents to protestagainst itand
to assign their reasons for opposition. Eleven
days is entirely too short for such a debate, if you
allowed the whole of that period to the Opposition;
and yet of those eleven days more than one half,
I think, has been occupied by the majority in de-
livering their opinions.
Mr. GREEN. Less than one third.
Mr. SEWARD. One third is enough for my
present purpose; I will notdispute about fractions.'
I remember a case that happened in the House of
Representatives,which admonishes me always not
to stand upon fractions. My old friend Gideon
Lee, who is now gone, was an eminently useful
man, and a very useful and efficient member of the
House of Representatives. When the great fire
occurred in tne city of New York, which burnt
up a large portion of the city, the merchants sent
on an application to Congress to remit the duties
upon the goods which were destroyed by the fire.
The memorial was a very eloquentone, butitwas
thought best to have it enforced by the eloquence
of the most commanding and influential member
in the House at that time, who was understood to
be a celebrated orator from the State of Vermont,
Mr. Horace Everett. Mr. Everett, after preparing
his speech on that occasion, and being ready, en-
tered the House. Mr. Lee, being a leading mem-
ber of the New York delegation, sat beside him.
Mr. Everett opened the debate on the presenta-
tion of the memorial in a very effective manner.
He said that the sun of yesterday morning looked
upon a great and prosperous city; the sun of this
morning looked down upon the same city, and
disclosed fifty acres of it covered with ruins. My
excellent friend, Mr. Lee, rose and begged leave
to correct the honorable member: it was fifty-three
acres and a half. [Laughter.]
I will not dispute about fractions of time upon
such a question as this; but, sir, I wish to correct
the idea that this debate be'gan in the month of
December, or could have been begun in December.
The question is, whether Kansas shall be admitted
into the Union under the Lecompton constitution?
No man pretends, or did pretend, that the Le-
compton constitution ought to be, or could be,
submitted to Congress, until it was here, or that
it could be here until it was brought here, and
that could not be until after an election held on
the 21st day of December, in the Territory of
Kansas. For aught we knew, the constitution
might be rejected m the election which the con-
vention itself had appointed. We did not know
but that the people might determine not to have
it with slavery, or without slavery, or cither way.
What the constitution was, was not known. The
President forestalled our action by recommending
to us that we could settle this great disturbance
in the country by waiving the objections which
would exist when the question should come be-
fore us. Then, after the election was held on the
21st of December, every one knows that it was
fourteen days before intelligence of the result of
that election reached here, or before this consti-
tution could get here; and then it was delayed
because the Legislature of the Territory had ap-
pointed another election to be held on the 4th
day of January, in which the question whether
the Lecompton constitution should be adopted or
rejected was submitted to the people of Kansas;
and the president of the convention, who was to
report whether this constitution was accepted or
rejected at the previous election, remained in the
Territory with the constitution until after the
election on the 4th day of January was held; and
so it required fourteen days more for intelligence
to reach us here of the result of that election, and
for the constitution to be received here by the
; President of the United States, and to be trans-
I mitted to the Senate..
! Were we, then, to debate that hypothetical ques-
| tion; and, if so, under what state of facts ? If so,
| why was not the subject referred to the Commit-
i tee on Territories in the beginning of December;
: and why did the Senate wait and suspend all offi-
| cial action upon it until the constitution was re-
! ceived here, and then refer it to the Committee on
1 Territories? Was the reference a mere mockery,
! or did the Senate mean that its committee should
| examine the subject, and recommend a bill for the
' consideration of the Senate ? The Senate acted
I in good faith, and the committee acted in good
j faith. I do not know on what day the bill was
; introduced; but the question was not before the
j Senate, so that it was proper, so that it was in
< order to debate the subject, or so that a practical
j legislator would debate it unless he had special
