104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Le.compton Constitution—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
reasons for departing from his customary course
of action, until the bill was here. When the bill
was brought into the Senate, the gentleman who
presented it from the committee named a day, the-
1st of Mar.ch, when he would ask the Senate to
take up the bill, and consider it, and continue to
consider it from day to day, until every member
of the Senate having a desire to be heard on the
subject, and acting in good faith, should be heard;
and then, without surprise, the question should
be taken. So the debate began on the 1st day of
March, and it has gone on until to-day, when, for
some unexplained reason—I think unexplained—
the majority of the committee, or, as gentlemen
imply,' a majority of the Senate, are inclined to
bring this question to a vote now. Well, sir, I
am to assign the reasons why I think it is not
best to come to a vote now.
There are a large portion of the Senators who
have not been heard, and who are entitled to be
heard, and who desire tobe heard, and who, there-
fore, ought to be heard on the subject. Then the
question recurs, why shall they not be heard to-
night. The answer is, that our entire experience
shows that it is impossible for Senators to deliver
themselves during the night, after the fatigues of
the day, devoted to the public business in such
a maryier as to discharge their duty satisfactorily
to themselves and to their constituents, and use-
fully to the country. That, however, is not the
only reason. It is but to substitute the form and
the mockery of a debate for an actual debate when
you say that Senators shall speak under such cir-
cumstances as these; for the moment a Senator
rises to address the House under such circum-
stances, all the chairs arc vacant; the Senators arc
not here to hear. They are here to wait without
hearing, until the empty form of a debate has been
gone through, by addresses to empty seats, and
then they can take the question. It is, therefore,
unreasonable.
I should not have dwelt on this subject at so
much length, had it not been that a purpose or
expectation seemed to be manifested on the part
of the majority to submit a case to the country on
this question. I have, therefore, shown the rea-
sons why I shall vote for the postponement of
this bill until to-morrow; and I close with giving
my assurance, as far as I can do so in the absence
of any consultation, that the subject shall be
taken into consultation to-morrow, when the de-
bate can be closed, and then an honest, direct an-
swer shall be given m good faith, by which I
suppose all parties making it will be willing to be
bound; but for myselfl do not require it, I do not
need it, and it is left to the judgment of the Sen-
ate. If it comc to a question of physical endur-
ance, I shall not shrink from enduring.
Mr. POLK. Why not let the gentleman from
New Hampshire close to-night?
Mr. SEWARD. Let him close when he can
get the door.
Mr. BROWN. An hour ago I had some hope
that, by a prudent and proper suggestion, we
could come to an understanding of this question,
and get along with this business without weary-
ing and fatiguing ourselves, by sitting here all
night. All must see that this is an exceedingly
senseless proceeding. It results in no good. We
weary ourselves and do no benefit to the country.
I confess that, the remarks of the Senator from
NewYoik have somewhat shaken my confidence
in our ability to come to a proper understanding,
because his mind seems to be m doubt as to what
his party friends will agree to. When I heard
the two Senators from Maine, their views ac-
corded with my own as to what has been the prop-
osition submitted on the other side. I will restate
it, and those Senators shall testify as to whether I
am right or not; because if I am right, I mean to
give my commendation to the proposition. I un-
derstood them to say that on to-morrow morning
they would have a full consultation of their
friends, and determine that they would take the
vote on Monday next; or, if that could not be
agreed upon, they would then notify us, the ma-
jority, on the meeting of the Senate to-morrow,
that they did not agree to it; and that we might
after that either sit it out or not as pleased us, and
that they would make no opposition so far as call-
ing for the yeas and nays, and resorting to tech-
nical motions under the rules of the Senate to avoid
the progress of business was concerned; in other
words, that they would meet the question square-
ly, and go on with the debate; and that, when
physical endurance had given out, they would
take the vote without resorting to work of this
character. That is as I understood them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator give way
to me for a moment?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Mississippi will bear in mind the important
fact that, while we represent one party, there are,
so to speak, two other parties to be consulted.
There is the American party—the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr, Bell,] the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] the Senator fromTex-
as, [Mr. Houston,] and I include also the Sena-
tor from Maryland [Mr. Kennedy] in the call of
the roll of Americans.
Mr. BROWN. Never mind them. So far as
the Senator from Texas is concerned, you need
not give yourself any trouble.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is also another
party, and an important party, to this question,
in the Senate; and that consists of those who have
acted hitherto with the Democratic party, but on
this question do not act with them—the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] the
honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
and the honorable Senator from California, [Mr.
Broderick;] and certainly, before we could men-
tion a tune definitely it would be necessary that
we should have a little time to consult with those
gentlemen on this question. As they oppose the
measure, perhaps we should expect to consult
with them as well as with our friends, for we do
not know how much time they may desire to oc-
cupy in this debate. We have no desire to post-
pone this question factiously, but to give a fair
opportunity for the discussion of the question;
and on consultation, as we can have the consult-
ation doubtless to-morrow, we can give an answer
which will probably be satisfactory.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator hear me a mo-
ment? I wish to make a suggestion.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I want to have this matter dis-
posed of as much as anybody, and I accede to the
proposition that has been stated by the Senator
from Mississippi as made to the Senators from
Maine, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. BROWN. You cannot.
Mr. HALE. I can and will. But I wish to
suggest to my honorable friend from Wisconsin
that I have no doubt ultimately—ultimately, I
say—we shall have to take care of the American
party and these seceding Democrats; but wo have
not yet. [Laughter.]
Mr. KENNEDY. I cannot consent for one
moment that the gentleman shall ever take care
of the American party.
Mr. HALE. 1 know that the Senator will not
consent, and the time has not come for it yet; but
I I say it will be so ultimately, because we have
I been told here, I have been told a hundred times,
I that the country would not stand more than two
parties. 1 see in my eye now a very honorable
Senator, [Mr. Bright,] who sometimes has been
taken for me, he looks so much like me, [Laugh-
ter,] who suggested that I did not belong to a
i party having a sufficiently healthy organization to
be put on the tail end of the Committee on Public
I Buildings and Grounds. He said there could be
I but two parties m the country, and at the time to
| which I allude, I did not belong to a healthy or-
I ganization. [Laughter.] I do not pretend to say
j we are in a situation now to take care of these se-
cedcrs, but ultimately we shall have to do it, and
we shalldeal liberally by them all. Now, however,
we can only speak for ourselves. I think it is in-
judicious in my friend from Wisconsin, if he will
allow me to say so, to undertake at this stage to
make this provision for them, but we can only
speak for ourselves;and I will say, for one, that I
agree to everything the Senator from Mississippi
Mr. BROWN. I did not understand that any
j j one here was stipulating or proposing terms which
'l were to be absolutely binding, but that the other
j side proposed to hold a meeting to-morrow, or,
! in some way suitable to themselves, to ascertain
what could be done, what they would agree to
do.
Mr. KENNEDY. Will my friend from Mis-
sissippi yield to me for an instant?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. KENNEDY. I merely wish to make a
remark for my party. The American party do
not mean to be factious in regard to the decision
of this matter. They have no particular views to
press upon the Senate, and they are prepared—I
am at liberty to say so for them—to vote to-night,
to-morrow, or any day when it may be the pleas-
ure of the Senate to take the vote. The American
party do not want time on this question. We
have been worn out with it already. The inter-
ests of the country are suffering.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. KENNEDY. No, sir; I cannot. The
Senator from Mississippi yielded the floor to me,
and I cannot yield it to anybody else. I only say
the American party does not ask time in order to
be ready for the vote on this bill. We are pre-
pared to vote now.
Mr. BROWN. If Senators will allow me to
conclude I shall say in a very few words what I
designed to say in the beginning. First let me
recapitulate; for what I said at the outset has al-
ready, perhaps, escaped the recollection of gen-
tlemen. I understood the two Senators from
Maine to state a proposition which had, to a great
extent, the approbation of my own mind; and
that was, that the opposition to this bill, whether
you call it the Republican party, or the Repub-
lican party with its allies, some Americans, and
some Democrats—I mean all opposed to this bill
—should have a consultation, and conclude that
they could take the vote on Monday next, or that
they could not, and if they could not, they would
notify us to-morrow morning, and that being so
notified we could then proceed to-morrow to make
this a question of physical endurance, if we chose
to do so; and that on their part, if the proposition
to take the vote on Monday next failed, they
would not, so far as they as gentlemen are con-
cerned, resort to technicalities, calling the yeas
and nays upon motions to adjourn, and to post-
pone, and so on, so as to delay the taking the ques-
tion; but that, so far as they as gentlemen are con-
cerned, they could come here to-morrow with an
honest purpose either to take the vote before we
adjourned, or prepared to give a party pledge that
it should be taken on Monday. So I understood
the two honorable Senators from Maine; so I have
understood other Senators on that side.
We on our side have proposed to do—what?
To take the vote at any time during this week. I
think our friends have been prepared all the time
to say that, while we want the vote to-day, and
would greatly prefer to have it on Thursday at
the latest, still we are willing to concede as far as
Saturday. Then the extreme of the two propo-
sitions, as I understand them, is between taking
the vote on Saturday and taking it on Monday;
our extreme proposition, up to this time, being a
vote on Saturday, and yours being on Monday.
I submit that, upon such a difference, it is hardly
necessary for Senators to be wearying themselves
here in the witching hours of morning, and wholly
unpreparing themselves for to-morrow's busi-
ness. I believe honorable gentlemen will do what
they say they will do. The honorable Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] and myself differ
in politics; but never, within my knowledge, has
he sacrificed his word; and, in my opinion, he
never will. His colleague [Mr. Hamlin] has
never deceived me, so far as his personal honor
is concerned; and I am not prepared to say that
he ever will. Other Senators on that side—I may
name the honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler]—have given a like pledge. I believe
that they will come here to-morrow to redeem
the pledge—the pledge that we shall either have
the vote on Monday, or be notified by them to-
morrow morning that it becomes a question of
physical endurance; and for this night's delay
certain members of the party pledging themselves
that they will unite in no factious'opposition, but
let the debate go straight on—if we want to speak,
let our side speak; if they want to speak, let their
side speak; but refusing to cooperate in any prop-
osition to postpone the vote factiously. I think
