1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
of difficulty, to remit the whole question, or nny
part of the question, to the people in primary as-
semblies, nobody can object to it; but if they feel
sufficiently assured of the will and the wishes of
their constituents, they have the power to proceed
without any further sanction. In the present case
of Kansas,-I admit that the people might have pre-
scubed a charter for their delegates. They might
have said to the delegates, " we will authorize you
simply to form and propose a constitution, but
we reserve to ourselves a right, 011 appeal or sub-
mission, to revise, to accept, or to reject your prop-
osition;" but the convention act of 1857 contained
110 such reservation. On the contrary, when it was
returned to the Legislature by Governor Geary,
without his approval, on the distinct ground that
it contained no such provision, it was passed over
the veto by a two-thirds vote of cach House.
Therefore, the question, whether such should be
the charter of the delegates, was considered and
decided in the proper mode. Whatever might
have been the question, if the convention act had
required submission, or if there had been no dis-
cussion of the subject, in this case the authority
of the convention is as absolute as if the act had
said to the delegates, " you may submit it or not,
as you pSoase."
Now, sir, it is argued that Congress must sub-
stitute its discretion for the discretion of the del-
egates; and because, (some say,) the delegates
abused their powers, broke their promises, de-
ceived their constituents. It would not be sin-
gular if tins were so. I think every honorable
Senator wili admit that he has never completed,
during the period of his official life, one tenth of j
whatheproposed; and probably not one tenth of 1
what he promised in good faith. Some have al- i
tercd theiropinions;somehavefoimdthcir designs I
impracticable. I doubt whether there isaLegis- |
lature assembled in any State of the Union, with j
regard to which it could not be proved that one I
half or more of the members, 111 their various ex- :
hortations to the people, had promised a great !
many things that they never even attempted to '■
perform. ^ That, however, is not the question. !
.File question is, whether we .shall interfere in such [
a matter? whether we shall substitute our disere- |j
tion for that of the delegates chosen by the neo- !
pie?
I do not say there might not be a gross case of i|
usurpation, of fraud, and outrage, where some !;
interposition, but very little, would not be par- ji
donable. The allegation is here that the delegates 'j
did not submit the constitution as they promised; l[
that they did not keep certain pledges, published !i
in the newspapers, or in the speeches which they ;i
made to the people. Weil, sir, unless we assume ,
a right to revise the proceedings of every conven- .
tion and every Legislature in every State, I see '
no cause for interference, [f ihe agents of the l|
people have violated their trust, let life people call \,
them to account. We are not the people. Wo
do not make the constitution; we do not ratify the
constitution; we do not approve the constitution; j'
wo have 110 right to pass judgment upon the con- !,
Btitution. It is submitted to us, as I said, merely :
to show that Kansas has a constitution republican ;
in form, and upon that instrument the petition ia '
to^admit her as a State. 1 say you can admit her
without a constitution: and wherever you have
passed an enabling act for any State, you have '
admitted that State withonta written constitution; , J
you have admitted h* r by anticipation; you have '!
prescribed her bouiida.'us. and you have said to
her, " proceed to the election of your delegates, 'j
the assembling of your convention, and the forma- ■ j
tioit of your government; and upon compliance 'i
witii these requisites you shall become a State;" i
for so, and not otherwise, the State of Ohio en- \
tered this Union.
^ Where will tnis course of objection to the pro- i
visions of a Stale constitution end ? In the State ,
which I have the honor u> represent, the iirst
constitution established annual sessions of the <
Legislature. The present constitution establishes
biennial sessions. I have a;.ery decided op.nion "
as to tills question. I consider treouent sessions '
of the Legislature c-ssentiai to the liberties of the i
people, and I have never hesitated to denounce 1,1
the system of biennial sessions as dangerous, as
a delegation of authoiity for too long a'period to
mere executive officers. Therefore, sir, if I had
such a latitude as the Senator from JSVw- Hamp-
shire claimed l.i;t night. 1 should r?fn:r. to admit
a State whose constitution provided for biennial
sessions of the Legislature. But I have no lati-
tude of the sort—no right to say, in the case of a
new State, "unless every provision made for your
internal affairs corresponds with my judgment,
you shall not be received into the Union." If we
could say this to the new States, why not to the
old*0ne.s ? New States are to be admitted on the
same footing with the old ones; and if we have
any such power, it applies to the old States as
well as to the new, and the manifest duty of Con-
gress would be to call for the constitution of Ohio,
adopted in September, 1851, and examine its pro-
visions.
Sir, it is another development of that difference
which began with the organization of our Federal
Government. The claim is, in substance, that the
end will always justify the means; that if we dis-
like the local'institutions of any people wc must
: alter them; that the Congress of the United States,
instead of restraining itself within its own charter,
j shall regulate the affairs of the people in all the
' States of the Union. I think the people of the
States can take better care of themselves than we
can.
These observations lead to the amendment
which I propose. The minority of the Commit-
tee on Territories, the Senator from Illinois, uses
language of this character:
" Inasmuch 0.3 the Jjcconipton constitution provides a
mode of amendment at'ter the year 1SC4, and thereby ex-
cludes the possibility of anv lawful change until that period,
the Prei-Hlent suggests that Congress may remove this ob-
stacle by inserting a ciuti;ie in the act of' admission annul-
ling ::o much of the constitution as [110I11 hits any change
until after the year 1864, and requires two thirds of each
House of the Legislature to authorize the people to vote
lor a convention, and deelanngthe right of the Legislature
already fleeted to call a convention, by a majority vote, m
violation of the constitution under which its members weie
elected, and which they were sworn to suppoit."
In^the first place, is it true that the constitution
of Kansas u thereby"—that is, by the provision
of a method of amendment after 18G4—" excludes
the possibility of any lawful change until that
period?" Suppose the constitution had no provis-
ion at all on the subject of an amendment at any I
time; suppose it was perfectly silent, as many of 1
the constitutions of the original States were—for
our good, honest, republican ancestors, in the
dr.ys of the Revolution, proceeded on the idea
that there were some principles which it was not
necessary to declare, whiclr every man of ordi-
nary comprehension, imbued with the principles
of civil liberty, would at once acknowledge.
Among these was the principle that any power
which could do an act could undo it; that, inas-
much as the constitution of a State was formed
by a convention of delegates, authorized to be
elected and assembled by the Legislature, and
that convention of delegates so elected and assem-
bled had made a constitution, another convention,
elected in the same manner and assembled in the
same manner, by like authority, could undo it in
whole or in part. That is the ground 011 which
the earliest constitutions of the States
or many
of them, were formed. Nothing was said about
the right of amendment; it was considered a mat- 1
ter of course.
The doctrine is indisputable. It is a universal '
maxim that any compact—I hear gentlemen call i
a constitution a compact; be itso—any compact, j
any covenant, any promise, any agrc-'mout, any '
fa\v can be abrogated by the power which made
it: in the case of a compact, by the consent of :
the parties; in the ease of a law, by the Legist- 1
ture. I grant that where a right has been vc&tcd '
under a constitution or a lawj so as to have as-
sumed the_ character of property, you cannot di- I
vest that right without compensation, because, a?? ;
to that, all the faculties of the constitution or of'
the law are fully pxneuted; hut as to its future
operation, as to a new case winch may originate
under it, the constitution or law is entirely revo-
cable. I have, from curiosity, applied to the old
common lawyers on this subject, since we have
heard so much of them; and am rather amused at
the number of forms in which they express the
principle. Lord Chief Baron Gilbert is vf ry terse:
uSolvctur eo hgammc quo c&r.M
Speaking ofcovenants, of deeds, of agreements ;j
beuveen parties, signed, sealed, and delivered, !j
with all the solemnity which can bind man to '■
man, here is Lord Coke:
rVjini fnm cAnvfn'on= o--tnatnra]i 3Vjuieif'f|unm mimn- :!
'juodqirj r ''
Here is one sentence from Croke James, a very
ancient book, and goodi authority:
" Unumquodquc eodem inodo quo coiligatum est dissolvi-
tur."— Cro. Juc. 63.
Tindal, Chief Justice, one of the lights of mod-
ern jurisprudence, says:
'-Qtiodque di-ssOlvitiir eodem Jigamine quo ligatur.,J—
3 Scott's ne<i) Re/t., 215.
That is the law. These famous judges have
I not thought it necessary to indulge in arguroent-
' ation. They have done here as with the funda-
mental principlesof our jurisprudence; they have
resorted to brief, pungent maxims expressed in the
Latin language. Let it be dissolved by the pofoer
which made it. The civilians are of the like opin-
ion:
"Jura"— laws, constitutions, for a constitution is nothing
hut on organical Jaw—liJura eodem modo destituunhir qu,t
consfituuntur—BelVs Digest of the Roman and Civil Law.
And so in the French law:
"Le pouvoir legislatif a nonseufment la faculty de fairc
des Iojs. mais encore cette de les abroger."—Rogron,Les
Cinq Codes exphgties, introduction, tit. 2.
"The legislative powerhas not only the faculty of making
[aws, but also that of abrogating them.,,
Since we have come to first principles, I will
quote from the Institutes. I read now from Ruth-
ertorth's Institutes of Natural Law, volume 2,
chapter 3:
" The legislative power, as it is here defined, implies a
pow^r not only of making laws, but of altering and repeal-
ing them. As the circumstances, cither of the State itself
or of the several individuals which compose it, arc chanced,
such claims and such dutie? as might once be beneficial may
become useless, buiden?ome, or even huitfui. If, therefore,
the legislative power could not change the rules winch it
prescubes, t>o as to suit them to the circumstances of the
body politic, and of the members of that body, it could not
answerthe purposes for which it was established ; it could
not at all tunes settle their claims and their duties in such
d manner as is most conducivc to the good of the whole,
11 and of the several individuals which make up that whole."
| There is the rule and the reason of the rule. It
!; stands on the most solid foundation. But, Mr.
President, what need of books here: we have it
1 in our own charter of liberty. As one of the
• truths declared to be self-evident, by the reprc-
i sentatives of the United States in Congress as-
sembled, on the 4th of July, 3776, I find this:
" that g-overnments are instituted to secure" cer-
tain inalienable rights there defined; "and that
whenever any form of government becomes de-
structive to these ends, it is the right of the peo-
ple to alter or abolish it, and to institute a new
government, laying its foundation on such prin-
ciples, and organizing its powers in such form, as
' to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety
j and happiness."
| This indeed, sir, is the principal element, the
j essential requisite, in every republican form of
j government—the right, namely, of the people, in
| some peaceable and definite manner, to recon-
i struct their government, and provide for the rcf-
j ormation of abuses. I hear Senators on this floor
; talk about constitutions in the States which are
1 revolutionary. A revolution against whom? Who
is the mighty sovereign offended by this? One
; would suppose 9 forgetting the old suggestion of
: the Scriptures that the Sabbath was made for man
j and not man for the Sabbath, that governments
■ are not formed for the people, but the people for
; the governments. What is the objectof anygov-
| ernment? It is to protect ihe rights and tosecuro
the liberties of the people. There is no other just
government. Every other is a usuipation. It
may be maintained by arms; it may remain in
, power tnousands of years; but a justgovcrnment,
. an honest government, is organized to protect the
j rights and secure the liberties of the people.
: Well, sir, suppose it fails—and I do not care
j whether it fails at the end of a century, or fails
! in the iirst halt hour of its existence—if it fails in
the very act of putting it in operation, as in the
I case of the constitution of Minnesota, where a
; Legislature has been elected for life—if, I say, the
, Government fails in the very act of attempting to
put it into operation, the ri^ht of the people to
lormunothergovcrrmtciH which will protect their
lignts and secure their liberties is as perfect and
as absolute as jf they had endured a thousand
' years of despotism. No convention can prevent
u, lor one convention is no higher than another.
I go further, sir. The people who were in Min-
nesota in October, 1857, have no right to say to
the people who maybe there next year, or the
yw -^ficr, vr tv.upy years hence,<c wc have, by
