1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2167
Mr. MORGAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered
Mr. MORGAN demanded tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Maynaki>
and Winslow were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 31, noes not countcd
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman's
amendment, as follows:
Provided, That the pay of pursers' clerks at the navy-
yards aforesaid shall not hereafter exceed $500 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The substitute, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, an<f passed.
JEREMIAH Y. DASHIEL.
A bill (II. R. No. 333) for the relief of Major
Jeremiah Y. Dashiel, paymaster in the United
States Army, reported back from the Committee
of the Whole House, with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
The bill was crdered*to be laid on the table.
JOHN DAVIS.
A bill (H. R. No. 318) recognizing the assign-
ment on land warrant No. 35,956, issued to John
Davis, as valid; reported back from the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, with the following
amendment:
Insert after the word " Davis," the word-?, " under the
act of September 28, lfc>o0.v
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third tune,
and passed.
ELIZABETH E. V. FIELD.
A bill (H. R. No. 222) for the relief of Eliza-
beth E. V. Field; reported back from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, with the following
amendment:
Stiike out the word " five," and insert the word <■ one,"
so that the pension shall be twenty-one dollar- pei month
instead of twenty live dollars; and stukt out tin: woid
" one." and in^eit the woid '• seven," so that the pension
shall commence in is,Y7.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
NANCY SERENA.
A bill (H. R. No. 231) for the relief of Nancy
Serena, reported back from the Committee of the
Whole House, with the following amendment:
In Inut bfx, insert the word u eight,1* so as to make the
pen-ion eight dollars per month.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and read atbird time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
JOHN HUERTAS.
A bill (H. R. No. 251) to authorize the claim-
ants in right of John Huertas to enter certain lands
in Florida, reported back from the Committee oi
the Whole House, with the following amendment:
Provided, f«uid lands shall not be located on any land
wirhin six miles of any railroad.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
BENJAMIN L. M'ATEE AND 1. N. EASTHAM.
A bill(C. C. H. R. No. 65) for the relief of Ben-
jamin L. McAtoe and J. N. Eastham, of Louis-
ville, Kentucky, reported back from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, with the following
amendment:
Instead of the letter   J," insert th<*letter " I," so that
the bill will lead I. X. ILa^ihaii!.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and road a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
The title of the bill was amended, so as to read,
" A bill for the relief of Benjamin L. McAtee and
Isaac N. Eastham, of Louisville, Kentucky."
CHARLES D. ARFEVEDSON.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 154) upon the
petition of Charles D. Arfevedson, was reported
from the Committee of the Whole House, with a
recommendation that the report of the Court of
Claims be concurred in.
The report was concurred in.
N. AND B. GODDARD.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 155) upon the
petition of N. and B. Goddard, exccutors of Na-
thaniel Goddard, was reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, with a recommendation
that the report of the court be concurred in.
Mr. COM INS. There has been a mistake in
this case. The petition of Nathaniel and Benja-
min Goddard was sent to the Court of Claims
with a mass of papers, under a general resolution
of the House. It should never have been referred
to that tribunal. The petitioners themselves do not
make their claim as a legal one, but as an equita-
ble one. They make it as one which addresses
itself to the discretion of Congress. The court
itself, at the close of its opinion, says that the
case does address itself to the discretion of Con-
gress. I will read the opinion of the court, as
delivered by Judge Blackford:
" Tins cause was referred to tint. Court by the House of
Representatives.
" The petition, so far as. it need be stated, js as follows :
That m September, 1312, (war then exiting between the
United State? and Great Biiuun,) the ship Ariadne sailed
from Alexandria, then m the District of Columbia, for Cadi-c,
a neutral pott, in Spain, with a caijjo of tloui ; lhat on the
15th of October, 181*2, the ship \v;h eaptuied by the United
Stafs biig-of-\var AigiN, and taken into the disti ict ot iVnn- ,
syivama, and theie libeled m the district couu of the Um- ;
ted States ; that the vf*se! and cargo were oideieil to be re- !
stoied by *aid couit. bin the circuit couit in *atd di-tnct I
leveled the deciee, and the vessel and cargo were con J
di'innu'd ; that the decicc of the circuit court was athrmed 1
by the Supieme Court of the United States ; that in con^e- '
cjuence ot s.aid deeiee of condemnation, certain bonds, which I
had picviously been given by the claimants upon the deliv- !
erv to them of thr> vessel a"d cai<?o, were paid, to the end '
that distribution might be made by the United States and the I
captois according to law. The petition also state- th.it the j
sole eauj-e of the i.aptuic and condemnation was-, that the
<Unj> bad on board, at the tune of hei capture, a l>nu-U h- :
cense. ]
" The prayer of the pennon 13 tor a judgment for the por- j
tion of the pioeced-. of >-aid ship and caryo, which weic paid :
into the Trea -uiy of the United r:iate<. , |
It is veiv clear, upon the face of the petition, that the ' ■
claimants ha\ c no temedy jii tin-couit. Tln'^aid decide
of condemnation of the ship and eaii o was atfnmed by the i
Supieme Couitof the Umte;l States, on tliegiound that the
ship, at the time ofhei captuie, was mailing undei a licence , i
of the enemy. (The Ariadne. 3 YVheaton, 1-13 ) ^
u The monev paid into the TrPUsUiv of the United States, ■
in consequence of said deeiee of condemnation, mu>t be !
considered as legally belonging to the United States. :•
" We cannot go behind the deciee of a couit of eompe- ■!
tent |uiitdietion. t:
tC This ease is, therefoie, reported toConsietsa one m ,!
which, on the face of the petition, the claimants? have no '{
legal demand against the United States. The case i-> one ;j
thataddiesaes it^elt entuely lo the discretion ot Congress.'" i|
I therefore, Mr. Speaker, to carry out the roc- :j
ommendation of the Court of Claims, move that jj
the report, and accompanying papers be referred ,1
to the Committee of Claims. jl
it was so ordered. 'J
TRUSTEE OF BENJAMIN COZZENS.
An advorso report (C. C. No. 15G) upon the
petition of Benjamin Cozzens's trustee was re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House,
with a recommendation that the report be con-
curred in.
The report was concurred in.
JACOB BIG BLOW.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 157") upon the
petition of Jabob Bigelow, administrator of Fran-
cis Cazeau, was reported from the Committee of
the Whole House, with a recommendation that
the report of the court be concurred in.
The report was concurred in.
CASE OF JUDGE "WATROUS.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, Mr. Speaker, /
I am instructed by the Committee on the Judi-
eiary to bring to the notice of the House the mat- \
tor of the investigation pending against the Hon.
John C. Wotrous, judge of the district court for
Texas, and to ask, as 1 now do, that the com- .
mittee be discharged from the further consider-
ation of one of the memorials presented to the ij
House asking for his impeachment. ![
In the early part of the session two memorials
containing charges of official misconduct against
Judge Watrous were referred to the Judiciary
Committee. One was the memorial of Jacob Mus-
sina, and the other the memorial of Eliphas Spen-
cer. Each of those memorials contained serious
charges; and the committee entered upon the in-
vestigation of them, have been for some time al-
most constantly employed in the investigation
of them, and are endeavoring to complete their
labors, in order that they may report during the
present session. These memorials of Mussina
and Spencer were presented to the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, and referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee; who reported, I believe, with unanimity, that
articles of impeachment ought to be preferred
against Judge Watrous. Your committee, not
being satisfied with the rules which the Judi-
ciary Committee of the Thirty-Fourth Congress
adopted for their guidance, took up the matter
of the charges de novo, and have, as I have stated,
proceeded to the examination of witnesses, as if
the case had been now for the first time presented
for the consideration of Congress. On the 23d of
February last there came to the Judiciary Com-
mittee a memorial of William Alexander, also
praying for the impeachment of Judge Watrous,
upon grounds perhaps sufficient to justify an i'm-
peachmentif they should be substantiated upon
an investigation. It is m respect of this last ap-
plication of William Alexander that I call the
attention of the House to the matter, and ask
that the committee be discharged from its consid-
eration.
The grounds upon which we make the sugges-
tion are these: This memorial came to the com-
mittee under the standing rule of the House. It
was presented by my honorable friend from
Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] who sits near me. Before
entering upon the consideration of the testimony
offered to be adduced in respect of this memorial,
the attention of the committee was called to the
fact that the same memorial was presented before
the Thirty-Second Congress, and that the Judi-
ciary Committee of the House of that Congress
reported a resolution in respect of that memorial.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Is this a privileged question?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I hope my friend
from Massachusetts will indulge me. My object
is to save time and facilitate the business of the
committee.
The lesnlution reported by the Judiciary Com-
mitter of the Thirty-Second Congress in relation
to this memorial of William Alexander, is as fol-
lows:
" Mr. Vexabl's submitted the following report:
" The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
a in* inonal containing charges against John O. Watrous,
judge of the di-uict couit of the United States for the dis-
trict of'Texa-. k-poit that, after the examination of much
documentary cvulenec. a- well as oi witnesses summoned
fior.i Te\;w. the connnmee do not recommend that articles
ot impeachment be dneeted by the House against said John
C. Watious."
It does not appear, from the record in the Con-
gressional Grlobe, that the House took any action
upon the report of the committee. The Judiciary
Committee do not, therefore, consider that this
report of the committee of the Thirty-Second Con-
giess is necessarily final, but it has been urged
upon them that there is a seeming injustice in
dragging the judge of a Federal court from his.
duties, Congress after Congress, where a report
exonerating him has been once made. Had this-
report of the Judiciary Committee of the Thirty-
Second Congress charged the judge with the mis-
conduct of which he is accused, we should not
have hesitated to enter upon the investigation.
The point we desire that the House should de-
cide is this: whether, in view of this report of the
Judiciary Committee of the Thirty-Second Con-
gress, and of the reference of the saifie memorial
to the committee without any special order of the
House, your committee shall, at this late period
of the session, and in view of the very great
amount of labor still to be performed by the com-
mittee in respect of the other charges, enter upon
the investigation. The Representatives o.n this
floor from "the State of Texas have appeared be-
fore us, and strongly urged that a state of public
feeling exists m Texas, requiring that we should
enter'"into the investigation; while, on the other
hand, it is suggested that the charge is stale, hav-
ing once been brought before a former Congress,
