1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr.'Trumbull.
Senate.
the proposition a fair one. I am not authorized
to make any proposition or any motion here; but
no caucus resolution, no obligations to party, can
prevent me from saying what I believe, in a case
like this, ought to be done. I think my party
ought to accept this proposition. _ .
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator thinks so, I will
move to adjourn, as I am under no such obliga-
tions. If he says he is satisfied, I will make the
motion.
Mr. BROWN. I do not ask the Senator to
make any such motion; nor will I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. PUGH. I thought the Senator appealed to
gome gentleman who was free to make the mo-
tion, to make it.
Mr. BROWN. I am speaking simply for my-
self. If there is anything like a tolerable under-
standing 
Mr. GREEN. There is none.
Mr, BROWN. I think there is. I differ with
Senators. When honorable gentlemen come and
say they have consulted with their friends, and
that there is a partial agreement to such an ex-
tent that it can be carried out, and will be carried
out among honorable men, I am confident they
will do it. The Senator from New York, I con-
fess, in the outset of his speech, did a little shake
my confidence, because I know his potent influ-
ence with his party friends—an influence to which
he is fairly and justly entitled. Ills talents, ex-
perience,and seniority here, entitle him to weight
and influence with his party; and I know he has
it. He said he could enter into no agreements
which could bind his friends, and that his fuends
could enter into no agreements which could bind
him. Those were potential words, coming from
that source. My friend from Michigan [Cvjr.
Stuart] suggests that he said he could not do it
to-night.
Mr. SEWARD. That is it. I said that to-night
I could not make arrangementto bind others, nor
others to bind me.
Mr. BROWN. I do not understand any of the
Senators on the other side to enter into any posi-
tive agreement by which they are to be bound to
take the vote on Monday, but that to-morrow
morning they will either give us notice that they
will do it or not, ["Thatisit,"] that having had
a fair consultation among themselves they will
give us notice what they are going to do.
Mr. GREEN. That will not do.
Mr. BROWN. My party friends some of them
say they will not stand this. I am not £coing to
submit any motion. I simply soy tin111 think the
proposition is a fair one, and it ought to be ac-
cepted. It commends itself to my judgment.
Mr. GREEN. Who made it?
Mr. BROWN. Senators on the other side; as
honorable men, my friend, as you and I. They
differ with us in political sentiment, but I am not
to assume that they would violate their plighted
faith as men of honor given in the presence of the
Senate, and to the world. I do not believe it, and
I will not believe it, until the thing has been done.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will give way, I will answer the question
of the Senator from Missouri as to who said so.
I said it for myself two hours ago.
Mr. GREEN. Who speaks for the party ?
Mr. CAMERON. I said then, as now, that I
for one would in good faith go into consultation
with our friends to-morrow; we would debate the
question, decide, and bring in a fair answer; we
would either agree to fix a day when we should
bring the debate to a close, or else tell the other
side that we could not do so; and after that we
should be governed by what the majority thought
proper.
Mr. BROWN. I have said about all I care to
say. I simply declare to the Senate and to my
party friends, that this proposition seems to me
to be fair, and it ought to be accepted. I submit
no motion, however, because I am not authorized
to do it.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I believe that
words threatening to crush us out were used in the
Senate to-night; and, so far as I am concerned, all
hope of reconciliation with me is gone until these
words are withdrawn. I can sit here and be out-
voted, but I cannot be conquered or crushed out.
I stand here the representative of a sovereign State
of this Union; and I would sooner die in my seat
than that either my constituents or myself should
be humiliated in this way. What! talk here, in
the Senate of the United States, of crushing out
Senators! In this place, where men meet as peers,
the representatives of the sovereignty of States,
to decide upon the most transcendently import-
ant question that has ever come before the Amer-
ican people, thinking honestly that it is their duty
to argue the question in this high forum, they are
driven into the night, and finally told they are to
be crushed beneath the heel of this majority! Sir,
I will die in the Senate Chamber before I will
make any compromises with men .under such cir-
cumstances. It is true, my health is notgood,
but I cannot be brought to compromise a question
of this kind. I tell the Senator from Georgia, you
cannot crush me out; you cannot conqucr me.
You may bring a majority here to outvote me,
and you may do it under the rules of the Senate,
in the best way you can; but, so help me God, I
will neither compromise nor be crushed. This is
what I have to say.
Mr. STUART. I wish to say a word or two,
not because I think I have been hit .it, in any
allusions to faction—not at all; but I desire at the
proper time, with the leave of the Senate, to re-
view some of the reasons which have been given
in favor of this measure, to show wherein 1 think
they are without foundation. That I intend to
do; but so far as the present question is con-
cerned, I desire to say to gentlemen, in conse-
quence of what has been remarked by the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, that m any consideration
which may grow out of an attempt at an ariange-
ment, (in regard to which, by-the-by, I think
the Senator "from Mississippi is eminently cor-
rect,) they need make no count of me. Let Sen-
ators on the other side of the Chamber consult
among themselves, as they aie the faction that it
seems are to be crushed out, or something else
done with them. They need not count me at all
in the arrangement. I have very great respect
for all those gentlemen, not only for their good
intentions, but for their ability; and I believe
they will consider the subject in the spirit of faith
and fairness that they say they will.
Now, sir, I wish to say a single word to the
honorable gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale.] In a flow of his unbounded generosity,
he said that ultimately—that is a great while,
sn-—he expected to take care of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, my honorable fuend from
California, and myself. I merely desue to say
to him, through the Chair, thai when I desire him
to do that—that is, when I find myself unable to
take care of myself [laughter]—when that, time
arrives, I know of no gentleman under the pale
of whose mighty influence and ability I would
sooner seek shelter than the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to say a word in
response to the Senator from Mississippi, in vin-
dication of myself. I did state a proposition as
he states it; and I am now willing to restate it. It
was this: if the Senate choose to adjourn, (al-
though this is a much later hour than that at
which the proposition was made,) and give us an
opportunity for consultation in the morning, I
was willing to consent that, if we could not agree
to take the question finally on Monday, I would
then notify Senators of that fact; and we should
have no complaints to make of them if they in-
sisted upon sitting until the question were, dis-
posed of. The Senator inferred, from my saying
that I should have no complaints to make, that I
would not resort to motions to adjourn, and mo-
tions to postpone, and other motions, in order to
protract time. I so understood it; that was my
intention. I sa.d it, deeming myself authorized
to say it by several of my political fiicnds in the
Senate. They agreed with me m that course. So
far as I am concerned, that being my understand-
ing, I assure gentlemen that if they come to that
conclusion, and if we do not agree to take the vote
finally on Monday, and so notify them, they shall
have no motions to adjourn—I mean mere dila-
tory motions, factious motions, to adjourn, &c.,
from me; nor shall my vote be given in support
of any such factious movements.
Mr. PUGH. How many more will say that ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
need not ask how many more will say that. If
the gentlemen who act with me on this side of
the Senate, when they hear me say that that is
my understanding, and that for myself I will not
be a party to any such thing, do not rise in their
places, and say that they disagree with me, I li old,
in the ordinary course of proceeding, that they
accede to the promise which I have thus publicly
offered.
Mr. BROWN. Among gentlemen I so under-
stand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was my under-
standing. I need not repeat it. It was stated cor-
rectly by the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. MASON. If I understand the honorable
Senator from Maine correctly, his suggestion is,
that if the Senate now adjourns, those with whom
he acts politically will confer together to-morrow;
and that they will not propose to put off the vote
on this question later tnan Monday; and if they
find they cannot agree on that, they will so inform
us, and leave us to take our own course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is it exactly.
Mr. MASON. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. It would be better to postpone
the subject until half past twelve o'clock to-mor-
row before adjourning
Mr. WILSON. That is thepending motion now.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for tire yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. MASON. 1 withdraw the motion to ad-
journ; and move that the further consideration of
the bill be postponed until to-morrow morning at
half past twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the motion
now pending.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeasand nays
have already been oidered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not wish to be placed in
any wrong position here. I want to understand
others, and I wa'nt them to understand me; and
then there will be no disagreement. I said, and
I repeat, that I will use my individual efforts to
produce the assent of my friends oil this side of
the Chamber to agree to take this question on
Monday next. Give us time to consult; and,
when we come together, and ieai u how many
there arc who desire to address the Senate, we can
tell when the debate will end. My impression is,
that we shall fix not later than Monday; but, if
we fail to meet that proposition, and to-morrow
you undertake to drive us to a vote, 1 do not mean
as a Senator to yield up my constitutional rights
h'-re, or rights which I am entitled to by parlia-
mentary laws. 1 do not wish to be misunderstood.
Mr. PUGH. Then we might as well sit it out
to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should not have consid-
ered it necessary to say a word, but for a remark
which fell from the honorable Senator from
Maine. I do not mean to consider myself com-
mitted by the remarks of any Senator made upon
this floor, unless 1 state that I concur in them. I
shall not yield my assent to them; and when my
associates and those with whom I act think proper
to state their views and what they will do, it
might be understood that those who do not rise
to disclaim them are committed by them. I have
already said that I did not believe there would be
any factious opposition, or any disposition to de-
lay this question unnecessarily; but I would much
prefer, I must confess, to see gentlemen acting
upon their individual responsibility and honor as
to their course in the Senate, rather than to go into
arrangements either of their own political friends
or to be driven by their political opponents to make
their speeches in any given time. I think the as-
surance given by the individual members of the
Senate upon this side of the Chamber ought to
have been satisfactory to the other side, for nearly
every Senator here has expressed his opinion for
himself, and stated for himself, that, so far as he
was concerned, he was not disposed, nor would
he unnecessarily delay this matter, unless the at-
tempt was made to coerce him unreasonably. I
should not have said this much but for the re-
marks of my very honorable friend from Maine,
which might leave a wrong impression not only
on the present occasion but on others.
