1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
spects, and in one respect forever. I refer to Ben-
tham, vol. 2, page 402; and to Sydney Smith,
vol. % page 391.
"A law," says Mr. Bentham, (no matter to
what effect,) " is proposed to a legislative as-
sembly, who are called upon to reject it, upon the
single ground, that by those who,in someformer
period, exercised the same power, a regulation
was made having for its object to preclude for-
ever, or to the end of an unexpired period, all
succeeding legislators from enacting a law to any
such effect as that now proposed."
Now, it appears quite evident that, at every
period of time, every Legislature must be en-
dowed with all those powers which the exigency
of the times may require; and any attempt to in-
fringe on this-power is inadmissible and absurd.
The sovereign power, at any one period, can only
form a blind guess at the measures which maybe
necessary for any future period; but by this prin-
ciple of irrevocable laws, the government is trans-
ferred from those who are necessarily the best
judgesof whatthey want,to others who can know
little or nothing about the matter.
If it be right that the conduct of the nineteenth
century should be determined, not by its own
judgment, but by that of the eighteenth, it will
be equally right that the conduct of the twentieth
century should be determined, not by its own
judgment, but by that of the nineteenth. And
if the same principle were still pursued, what, at
length, would be the consequence? That in pro-
cess of time the practice of legislation would be
at an end. The conduct and fate of all men
would be determined by those who neither knew
nor cared anything about the matter; and the
aggregate body of the living would remain forever
in subjection to an inexorable tyranny, exercised
as it were by the aggregate body of the dead !
" The despotism," as Mr. Bentham well ob-
serves, " ofNeroor Caligula, would be more toler-
able than an irrevocable law. The despot, through
fear or favor, or in a lucid interval, might relent;
but how are the Parliament who made the Scotch
union, for example, to be awakened from that
dust in which they repose—the jobber and the
patriot, the Speaker and the doorkeeper, the silent
voters and the men of rich allusions—Cannings
and cultivators, Barings and beggars-—making
irrevocable laws for men who toss their remains
about with spades, and use the relics of these
legislators to give breadth to broccoli, and to aid
•the vernal eruption of asparagus?"
Long after Calhoun and his confederates shall
have moldercd and have been forgotten, the men
of Kansas will look back with pity and contempt
on this futile and foolish attempt to bind them by
the decrees of 1857. The men of 1864—if not
the men of 1858—will laugh to scorn this attempt.
The border States of this country are not the
places for such despotic experiments.
\* If the law be good." says Bentham, " it will
support itself; if bad, it should not be supported
by the irrevocable theory, which is never resorted
to but as the vail of abuses. All living men must
possess the supreme power over their own hap-
piness at every particular period. To suppose
that there is anything which a whole nation cannot
do, which they deem to be essential to their hap-
piness, and that they cannot do it, because another
generation,-long ago dead and gone, said it must
be done, is mere nonsense. While you are cap-
tain of the vessel, do what you please; but the
moment you quit the ship, I become as omnip-
otent as you. You may leave me as much advice
as you please,but you cannot leave me commands;
though, in fact, this is the only meaning which
1 can be applied to what are called irrevocable laws.
' It appeared to the Legislature for the time being
' to be of immense importance to make such and
1 such a law. Great good was gained, or great evil
' avoided, by enacting it. Pause before you alter
* an institution which has been deemed to be of so
1 much importance. This is prudence and common
' sense; the rest is the exaggeration of fools, or
4 the- artifice of knaves, who eat up fools.
t *« When a law is considered as immutable, and
* the immutable law happens at the same time to
f be too foolish and mischievous to be endured, in-
I stead of being repealed, it is clandestinely evaded,
f or openly violated, and thus the authority of all
t law is weakened."
i . If thisirrevocable law be so absurd, tyrannical,
f and knavish in England > as it seems to be binder
this analysis, howutterlyand abominablyabsurd>
tyrannical, and knavish, is it in a nation like our
own? There, laggard conservatism is so loth to
change, that abuses are canonized and ancestry
receives apotheosis! Here, change is the essential
condition of social and political existence: here,
States are formed in the twinkling of an eye;
cities grow up in a night, as if under the magic
of Aladdin's lamp: here, economical ideas, more
powerful than political tenets, are ever permeating
th£ body politic, to change its form and substance:
here, the border men are students of politics, and
seek popularity and wealth by ameliorating insti-
tutions: here, the telegraph throws its thought
from the very Capitol in which we speak to the
borders of our territory; and the " goblin of
steam," under the aid of congressional land
grants, is doing the work of years in a week, and
the work of a hundred years in one. Behind its
power, the dwarf removes mountains and bridges
rivers; civilization follows in the train. Here,
in America, more than anywhere else, the poet's
verse is appropriate:
" Beneath our starry arch
Nought restetU or is still,
But all things hold then* march
As if by one great will.
Move one—move ail!
flark to the foot fail!
On—on—ever
Here in America, where the changes of a year
are equal to the changes of a century in Europe,
and where the changes of a lustrum only herald
greater changes, and all through change, working
out that secular magnificence which is the destiny
of our land, we are to have irrevocable laws for
our border States!
An irrevocable law in such a land! Enact that
frost shall cease in the north and blooms m the
south—fix the figure of Proteus or the air, bylaw;
but let us not do such impossible tyranny for ten
years, or one year. Why, California sprang into
Statehood—the golden rigol of independence on
her brow—in less than a twelvemonth! And Min-
nesota and Oregon, within the year, stand waiting
to knock for ad mission. Washington, New Mex-
ico, Arizonia,Dakotah, are pushing on toward the
goal of independent sovereignty, and two years
may see them where their sisters arc now. An
irrevocable law for such a land ! Take Kansas;
read the Indian treaties made by Colonel Many-
penny, of 1854; and now visit Leavenworth, and
ask if such a land is to be irrevocably bound by
the edicts of an irresponsible convention? In the
name of republicanism, I trust it will never be
pressed in this House.
It would be bad enough to accept a constitution,
made under popular sanction, with irrevocable
clauses; but made irrevocable, without such sanc-
tion, it is monstrous and impossible. " Govern-
ments are republican," says Jefferson, "only as
they embody the popular will and execute it."
In conclusion, 1 protest against this constitu-
tion, because it is against the principle of self-
government—against the organic act—is not the
authorized or legal expression of the people; be-
cause it is anti-republican m form and suGstance;
bccause it is absurd, tyrannical, fraudulent, and
impossible; .because it undertakes to bind down
the sovereignty of the people by irrevocable laws,
which are opposed to the genius of our institu-
tions.
But beyond all other objections is that impla-
cable one, that cannot be appeased—the demand
for its submission to the people, in whole and in
part. Whatever may be the legality of the con-
stitutional convention—whatever may be its work,
and how irrevocable soever they have sought
to make it, why has it not been submitted?
Come to this question! Away with rubbish!
Let us dig down to this primitive rock. " Ah,"
say its friends, " it will be voted down; the people
will not have it." True, they do not want it.
If the press of the Territory be any indication of
the popular wish, that is true. But one out of
the twenty-one presses of all parties in the Ter-
ritory sustains it. Democrats and Republicans
unite to condemn it. True, very true, it would
have been voted down, and therefore it is not to
be submitted to a vote. This is Democracy, is
it? Let us, then, rewrite our lexicons. Democ-
racy means, does it, to withhold the right of suf-
frage to all who may vote against you ? Wise
beyond Jefferson are the sages who thus teach! ■
But the people of Kansas have acted wrong", a*e !
culpable, have not acted right in voting hereto-
fore. But are they, for that* to fee disfranchised ?
Away with such puerility. It reminds me of the
gracious Sultan under the old Turkish constitu-
tion, who gave to the Ulemats the privilege of
questioning his firmans; but if they exercised it,
they were to be pounded to death m a mortar by
the janizaries.
This is no sectional question. The North has
everything to gain by standings by its .pledges and
principles as enunciated in the Kansas bill. What
has the South to gain by an opposite course ?
Does she expect to make Kansas a slave State
No. Would she, if she could, against the wish
of the people ? I Ray no ! Does she wish to re-
suscitate the waning fortunes of a sectional party?
If yea, then let her place the northern Democracy
in the wrong, where it can be reproached and in-
sulted, taunted and despised; where our oppo-
nents, wagging their heads, may say: " You
meant the South, you meant slavery, you meant
everything else but popular sovereignty, when
you mouthed of popular sovereignty."
Nor will it do for us to answer: " We adhere
to the general principle of submitting the whole
constitution, but cannot now apply it to Kansas."
Such a reply will place us of the North in the
position of the French fleet at Abouktr, which
Nelson destroyed—it was neither at sea nor afloat.
Give me the open sea-, with a small craft, and the
flag of popular sovereignty, in its integrity,atthe
mast-head, and I will not ask any favors that
our opponents can bestow. I will trust my hum-
ble bark on the open sea without fear, nay, with
confidence and joy ! There is plain sailing for
us, without tacking and filling, if we pursue the
course proposed in the case of Wisconsin, where
the condition of admission was the ratification by
the people of the constitution. We can pursue
that course in this instance without dishonor; or
we can pass the Toombs bill with the amend-
ment proposed by my colleague [Mr. Sherman}
last session. It is as follows:
(l Jind the said constitution shall be submitted to' the -people
for acceptance or rejection, under such* regulations as said
convention shafC prescribe."
Who can object to such a course? Will the
North—the South—the Piesident—the people of '
Kansas? Will the Democracy of the Union?
My vote shall be ready for such a solution of this
difficulty. But it cannot be made ready to sanc-
tion the Lecompton contrivance. If it be the
only record I have to make here, it will be a
"no" that shall echo the voiccofmy constituency.
Let Kansas come as Minnesota, in daylight, to
the front door, in honest purpose, and manly
bearing; and not as a burglar, in the dark, with
the appliances of artifice and a record of shame !
Her people had a right to expect from this Gov-
ernment, if not from that convention, a full sub-
mission of her organic, law. This right is denied.
Being denied, her people can say, with a bitterness
too well warranted by the history,
 " be these juggling fiends no more believ'd
That palter with us in a double sonse;
That keep the word of promi&e to our ear,
And break it to our hope."
The events of the next month may alter the
position of this question in this House and before
the country; bat for myself, nothing can change
my determination to stand by the principles of
j Democracy, as we have pledged ourselves before
i the country. In this contest, Iadoptas my motto
I the words of one who has sacrificed much for
| liberty in another land; " Nothing for the peo-
t ple, but by the people', nothing about tice
1 people, without the people!"
I I, therefore, give notice of my intention to in-*
troduce an act to enable Kansas*to form a con*
' stitution, with the amendment above suggested.
! Mr. HUGHES. I do not propose, Mi*, speaker,
! to follow the example of the gentleman from
| Ohio, and to enter into an extended discussion at
i this time of the merits of the President's message.
I I rise to express my surprise, and my regret
also, that the gentleman-has chosen this occasion
to precipitate upon this House the discussion of
the principles and measures recommended in that
message. ...
There are those, str, who conceive that the
Administrationisin trouble; that clouds are gath-
ering abomt the Democratic party. In this condi-
tion of things, I humbly conceive that the friends
of the Administration and of the principles of the
Democratic party, should not be the first to sound
