2168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
"whose Judiciary Committee have reported a res-
olution in exoneration of the judge. Upon the
ground, therefore, that this memorial has once
been the subject of investigation, I move that the
Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from
the consideration of the memorial of William Al-
exander, praying theimpeachment of Judge John
C. Watrous.
Mr. REAGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. READY. One word just here before the
gentleman from Texas proceeds. In addition to
what my colleague has stated, I wish to say, in
reference to this Alexander memorial, that it was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary in the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, to whom the two other
memorials now before the Judiciary Committee
of the present Congress were also referred. In
their report in reference to the charges against
Judge Watrous, they took no notice whatever of
the Alexander memorial. They founded their
action entirely upon the memorial of Mussina and
Spencer.
This memorial was printed, and a report made
in favor of Judge Watrous in the Thirty-Second
Congress, But there seems to have been no ac-
tion whatever taken in reference to it by the Thir-
ty-Third Congress. The memorial was referred
by the Thirty-Fourth Congress to the Judiciary
Committee, and they seem to have ignored it in
their report, and to have founded their action ex-
clusively upon the other two memorials. The
question now is, whether, some seven yeais hav-
ing elapsed since the charges by Mr. Alexander
were preferred, and steps having been taken by a
committee to exonerate Judge Watrous fiom the
charges then made, the Judiciary Committee of
the present Congress should further investigate
that subject; and whether they should not, in fact,
exonerate Judge Watrous from the necessity of
going into the investigation 5
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to make an
inquiry of my friend upon that point. I under-
stand that the resolution which has just been
read did not exonerate Judge Watrous. I under-
stand that the committee declined to present ar-
ticles of impeachment against him. An exoner-
ation, according to my view, would have been to
have found him notguilty of the charges. I think
there is a very material difference between that
and the resolution.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The language
is peculiar, and may, if taken literally, be taken
as a Scotch verdict, " not proven." But never-
theless, as the committee, after full investigation,
recommended that articles ofimpeachmentbenot
preferred, we supposed the peculiar form of ex-
pression used was from inadvertence rather than
from design.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand this to be a privileged question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
a privileged question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then, as it
seems likely to give rise to some discussion,and
perhaps consume the whole day, I must object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the objection comes too late.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr Chaffee] raised
the question when it was first presented.
  TheSPEAKER. Butthegentlemanfrom Mas-
sachusetts waived his objection.
Mr. REAGAN. I have but very few words
to say upon the question now presented in refer-
ence to Judge Watrous. I have the fullest confi-
dence in the discretion of the committee. I know
their labors have been onerous, and that they
have faithfully discharged the oneious duties de-
volved upon them by this investigation. But the
question winch comes up to my mind is this: if
the House prefers articled of impeaehmentunder
the charges which have been investigated by the
committee, while I should fee! bound to respect
the motives which actuated the committee, in that
point of view I should regret that they should be
discharged from the consideration of the Alex-
ander memorial; and for this reason: the memo-
rial of Mr. Alexander makes very grave charges
against the district judge of our State. One of
these charges involves the fact that he had been
acting with others in attempting to establish
against the State of Texas fraudulent certificates
to the amount of more than twenty-four million
acres of land. This is one of several charges
embraced in the memorial. Of the truth or fals-
ity of these charges I have nothing to say. But
if the committee should determine to recommend
articles of impeachment upon the charges pre-
sented in the other memorials of Mussina and
Spencer, I think the articles of impeachment
ought to embrace the charges contained in Alex-
ander's memorial; and then I would, have no ob-
jection to the action asked for by the committee.
I desire to state this in reference to the motion
now before the House: the Committee on the
Judiciary of the Thirty-Second Congress investi-
gated the charges contained in this memorial, and
they recommended that articles of impeachment
be not preferred against Judge Watrous. If the
House had acted upon that recommendation, that
would, in my judgment, have concluded the ques-
tion; but the House not acting upon that recom-
mendation did not, in my judgment, legally con-
clude the question.
' It is also true, as has been stated, that these
charges may now be regarded as stale. It is also
true that subsequent efforts have been made to
impeach this same judge. It is also true that the
Judiciary Committee of the last Congress recom-
mended the impeachment of JudgeWatrous. The
House, however, did not act upon that recom-
. mendation, and it remains in the same condition
i with the report made to the ThirtyrSecond Con-
gress. If the House had acted upon that recom-
mendation, a reinvestigation of the charges would
have been unnecessary; and their.failure to act,
I take it for granted, is the ground upon which
the House now reinvestigates the chaiges.
I have this further to say in reference to the
charges contained in the Alexander memorial:
the Legislature of Texas passed joint resolutions !
asking Judge Watrous to resign. I will not take
up the time of the House by reading those reso-
lutions. But the Legislature of 1848, in view of
a portion of the charges contained in Mr. Alex-
ander's memorial, passed such joint resolutions.
The last session of the Legislature of Texas had
the subject again before it, and again passed joint
resolutionsdirectingthe Representatives of Texas
in Congress to urge upon the House the investi-
gations of all the charges against Judge Watrous.
I take it for granted that the charges contained in
Mr. Alexander's memorial were embraced with
those contained in the memorials of Mr. Spencer
and Mr. Mussina. And last winter, when the
subject was before the Legislature, Judge Wat-
rous wrote a letter asking "them to appoint some
persons to prosecute the charges againsthim, and
have them fully investigated.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. It is but justice
to Judge Watrous to say that he declares himself
ready to meet th-c investigation, and that the sug-
gestion that the committee be discharged from the
consideration originates with the committee, and
not with him.
Mr. REAGAN. I was goingto say that Judge
Watrous, m his letter to the Legislature at its last
session, evidently—if I have not forgotten the
tenor of his letter—contemplated the very charges
preferred in Alexander's memorial. It was the fact
that these charges seemed to be contemplated in
his own recommendation to the Legislature, as
well as by the action of the Legislature in instruct-
ing the Representatives of Texas here to insist on
an investigation of all the charges made, that I
thought it important to urge on the Committee on
the Judiciary the fullest investigation.
I desire to say this on a point which has been
discussed in this as well as in preceding Con-
gresses. I understand one of the difficulties m
the way of the committee is in the fact that they
have adopted a rule for their government m the
investigation of this case, which involves the ne-
cessity of heating the answers of the accused, and
evidence for and against, and going through all the
formalities of a strict trial before them. That, I
admit, i^ a matter addressed to the sound discre-
tion of the committee. The difficulty, then, is, that
if they are required to go into Alexander's memo-
rial, acting on the principle of receiving an answer
from the accused, and hearing all the testimony
which can be adduced for and against the charges,
they will not have time to investigate the charges
involved. I have no disposition to interfere with
the committee; but I wilt say that that memorial
has been before that committee for some time.
Witnesses have been summoned from Texas to
sustain the charges contained in that memorial.
They are now here; and what I desire is, that
the committee shall at least hear their testimony>
which will not occupy much time. If they be-
lieve then that it is necessary for other witnesses
to be had, they can send for them. The commit-
tee can determine whether the witnesses make a
prima facie case.
In reference to the latter point, I will say that
I understand the rule, in cases like this, to be that
the House stands in the position of a jury of in-
quest, and not as triers. I understand the Con-
stitution of the United States to vest in the Sen-
ate alone the power of finally trying the case.
The committee are to inquire from whom they
please, and in what manner they please—I mean
the House acting through the committee—and
then, if facts present themselves which warrant
them in preferring articles of impeachment,
charges are subsequently to be preferred before
the Senate. I do not understand, and I wish to
so state now, that the committee are bound by the
strict rules which would govern in a trial in a court
of justice. So far as I have investigated this sub-
ject, I have found that, in the British Parliament,
it has never been the practice to go into formal
! trials in the House which prefers the charge.
' Warren Hastings, it is trye, was permuted to go
I before a committee of the House of Commons;
I but he was permitted to do so by special favor in
that extraordinary case.
In the cases here of Judge Pickering and Judge
Chase, those judges had nothing to do with the
1 charges until they were summoned to the bar of
• the Senate. In the case of Judge Peck, who was
' impeached, he was permitted to go before the com-
! mittce of the House; but that was not as a matter
of right, but with the undeistanding that it was
an act of grace and favor alone. I say that the
precedents are that the House occupies the posi-
tion of a jury of inquest, and can summon as
many or as few witnesses as it pleases, to satisfy
the consciences of members, whether an impeach-
ment shall be preferred to the Senate. It is not
; expected that a formal trial of the facts can be
' gone through with in the privacy of a committee
, room, when the judgmentand feelings of the peo-
ple of a sovereign State demand of Congress an
I impeachment and a full trial before the Senate,
I which is the constitutional trier of such causes.
| It is in view of these facts, Mr. Speaker, that
i I have felt that it may not be out of place to ask
that the committee examine the witnesses already
here. I have no disposition to impose unneces-
sary duties upon the committee; I only wish that
if charges shall be preferred against this judge,
that the House shall be at liberty to embrace m
its specifications the serious charges which have
been preferred against him for years past, if in
its judgment they should be preferred. I desire
to say that from the time Judge Watrous went
upon the bench in Texas, because of opinions he
was understood to hold, and interests which ho
was believed to possess, the most serious alarm
has rested upon the public mind in Texas. That
alarm has not been diminished by time, but has
become more aggravated, so that the Legislature
of that State has taken the matter into considera-
'; tion, and three memorials from citizens of Texas,
have been presented on the subject, asking his
i; impeachment. It would perhaps be better for
i him and for the country if such a trial as is con-
templated by the Constitution, could be had on all
j; the charges preferred against him.
j Hence it is that I feel some desire that the
charges preferred by Alexander may, if consist-
;! ent with a sense of duty on the part of the com-
; mittee and the House, be also considered; so that
I if theie be a report in favor of preferring to the
j Senate articles of impeachment, they may be
!: based upon the charges made by Alexander, as
: well as those made by Mussina and Spencer. If
the judge is acquitted, then his honor is vindi-
. cated; and with the fair verdict of the Senate of the
' United States acquitting him, the people ofTexas
ought to be, and I think will be, satisfied. If,
II on the contrary, that memorial contains charges
;; which can be proven, and which will impeach
i i Judge Watrous, and dismiss him from the bench,
j then it is the duty of this House to see that mves-
ligation of them be had, and the people of Texas
I' be relieved of a judge who, some at least think,
ii has been a great injury to the people ofTexas.
h Mr CHAFFEE. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
