1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. GIDDINGS. Can he withdraw it after
the vote has been taken on the previous question ?
The SPEAKER.. He can withdraw it at any
" time before the result of a vote is announceu. "
is the uniform practice of the House, as the gen-
tleman from Ohio knows.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I suggest, however, that
it is beyond his power to withdraw before the
vote is taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana has the right—as the gentleman knows—to
withdraw his amendment at any time before the
result is announced.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I interpose this question:
When the House is dividing, is it in order for any
man to interpose any motion, or any other busi-
ness, till that vote be completed? That is the
question I make.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana was not entertained by the
Chair till after the House had divided in the
affirmative.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Can he withdraw it, then,
until this vote be taken and announced? Can he
interpose any business whatever?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks be can.
The gentleman from Indiana withdraws his
amendment. The question now recurs on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question on
the original resolution submitted by the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. DEAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
Caskie were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 101, noes 89.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put; and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA COPIES OP FINANCE REPORT.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, from the same com-
mittee, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed sixteen thousand extra
copies of the annua! leport of the Secretary of the Treasury
on the state ofthe finances—fifteen thousand copies thereof
for the use of the House of Representatives and one thou-
sand copies for the use of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, demanded the
previous question on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
, Mr. LETCHER. Is that the usual number of
extra copies ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It is the usual
number.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee to withdraw the demand for
the previous question for a single moment.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. No, sir; I shall
not withdraw the demand this time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
. COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I ask the con-
sent of the House to offer a joint resolution,
which I send up to the Clerk's desk, and ask to
have read.
! Mr. RUFFIN. I object to the reading, cxcept
; for information.
The resolution was read for information, as
5 follows:
1 Rewlved by the Seriate and House of RcvresentaHrei of
the United States of Atactica in Congress assembled, That
the compensation allowed to members of Congress, by the
•act entitled " An act to regulate the compensation of mein-
f, bers of Congress,"' approved August if>, 1856, be paid in the
, following manner, to wit: On the lust day ot the first session
of each Congress, or as soon therealterashemay apply, cacli
r "Senator, Representative, and Delegate, shall receive his
6 -mileage as now provided by law, and all bis compensation
fiom the beginning of his term, to b;. computed at the rate of
&250 permonth, and durftig the session compensation at the
f same rate. And on the liist day of the second, or any sub-
I sequent session, be shall receive his mileage as novv allowed
(. by law, and all compensation which lias accrued during the
adjournment, at the rate aforesaid, and during said session
compensation per month at the same rate.
Jlnd be it further resolved, That so much of the said act,
approved August 15, 1856, as conflicts with this joint res-
olution, and postpones the payment of said compensation
until the °l°se eac'ft session, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his objection. If it is
in order, I move to suspend the rules.
•The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
REGULATIONS FOR THE NEW HALL.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a question in ref-
erence to the organization of the House. I have
received a communication from the Doorkeeper
of the House, stating that with the present force
with which he is provided, it is impossible to
preserve the order of the House and to extend
the requisite accommodations to members. I
therefore offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to in-
quiie into and report to this House the number of addi-
tional messengers, pages, and other officers, if any, required
for the use of the new Hall; and that said committee have
leave to report at any time.
Mr. BANKS. If the resolution is received, I
ask the gentleman from Virginia to accept an
amendment, that the same committee have author-
ity to consider and report to the House what
accommodations should be made for reporters
not already provided for.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest,
also, that the committee shall have authority to
inquire as to what persons should be admitted to
the floor of the House during its sessions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to my friend
from Tennessee that a committee be specially
raised upon that subject. It is important to the
business of legislation that we should be pro-
tected from those who are not entitled to the
privileges of this Hall. I think a special com-
mittee should be raised to ascertain and report
who should be entitled to come in here,and who
not.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. If the gentleman
will propose such a committee, I will go with
him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to do it my-
self; I only throw out the suggestion for the ac-
tion of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. There are now,
as the rules stand, certain persoriswho are entitled
to the privileges of the floor; and, in order to sec
what it is that is now proposed, I ask for the read-
ing of the 17th rule.'
Mr. HOUSTON. I think, sir, there ought to
be a committee raised to investigate into anil re-
port to this House on the subject. If the priv-
ilege of the Hall is extended m this, as it was in
the old Flail, we will not, I think, be able to legis-
late at all.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. This is a much
larger Hall than the old one.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true; but we have
not here the same protection we had there; there
is no railing.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. When we get
the additional officers asked for, we will.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; not if these per-
sons are allowed to come inside of this Hall.
There is nothing, then, to keep them out of the
seats of members, whenever they may choose to
occupy them.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask for the
reading of the rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" 17. No person except members of the Senate, their
Seeietaiy, heads of Depaitmenrs, Treasurer, Comptrollers,
Registers, Auditors, President's Secretary, Chaplains to
Congress, J udges ofthe United States, Foreign Ministers
and their Secretaries, officers who by name have received
or shall heieal'ter receive the thanks of Congress for their
gallantry and good conduct displayed m the service of their
country, the Governor, fur the time being, of any Stale or
Territoiy m tiie Union, such gentlemen as have been heads
of Departments or members of either branch of the National
Legislature, the members of the Legislatures, for the time
being, ofthe States and Territories—January 14.1850—and,
at the discretion of the Speaker, persons who belong to sneli
logislatuies of foreign Governments as are in amity with the
United Sales, snail be admitted within the Hall of the House
of Representatives; and no person not known to the Door-
keeper to be entitled to the privilege of the floor shall enter
the Hall, unless the Doorkeeper shall be informed by a mem-
ber that tiie individual is entitled to admission under tlus
iulc, and in wiiat capacity.—January 14, 1850. And a book
shall be provided by the Doorkeeper, in which shall be regis-
tered the names 01 all persons, other thiui members of Con-
gress, who may apply for admission upon the floor of the
House, setting forth by virtue of what position such priv-
ilege is claimed."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
present state of tj^e quegtion j •
* ne SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the gentleman from Alabama moves
any amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not move an amend-
ment; I have merely thrown out a suggestion to
the House.
The SPEAKER. The question is, then, on
the amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will add to his amendment the
words, " reporters for the press generally."
Mr. WARREN. My understanding is, that
not only the official reporters of the House have
been provided for, but that the reporters for the
press generally have been amply provided for in
the gallery over and back of the Speaker's chair.
The SPEAKER. -With the permission of the
House, the Chair will make a statement. He
found no arrangements had been made for the
accommodation of the reporters and correspond-
ents of the press, except for the reporters for the
Globe, and therefore instructed the superintend-
ent to provide accommodations for them in the
gallery, immediately above the Speaker's chair.
The Chair directed that ten seats should be pro-
vided there for that purpose. The Chair is in-
formed by the superintendent that those seats can
be elevated so that the reporters sitting there can
see and hear everything going on in the House,
probably better than anywhere else. The Chair
would also say that he received, previous to the
removal into this Hall, between fifty and one
hundred applications for the privileges of the
House, from gentlemen connected with the press
in different sections of the country.
Mr. BANKS. I was not aware of the fact
stated by the Chair—that he had taken order in
the matter—and supposed some such amendment
as the one I offered was necessary. With the
leave of the House, therefore, I withdraw my
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be happy
to have his action indorsed by the House.
Mr. WARREN. I am perfectly willing that
the action of the Speaker sfrbuld be indorsed by
the House. The only reason I had for making
any suggestion at all was, that the committee
appointed to examine this Hall, and report on
its condition, determined that it would be the
better policy to place the reporters for the press
generally where they have been assigned places
by the Speaker's order. If they be permitted to
occupy these placcs, this course will meet the
views of that committee. I hope, therefore, that
the House will indorse the action of the Speaker.
Mr. FLORENCE. I renew the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. The com-
mittee to which this subject is to be referred
should especially inquire what accommodations,
under the circumstances, are necessary for the
reporters and correspondents of the public press
generally. I think the Speaker has done, so far,
just as well as he could. Look at the reporters
and correspondents up in the gallery over the
Speaker's chair. They have now very limited
accommodations. There they all sit in a row,
reminding me very much of musicians. They
are organists, my facetious friend from Tennessee
whispers to me. If the arrangements for the cor-
respondents of the press, in the judgment of the
House, are to be made in that gallery, so be it.
I am of a different opinion; but if they are to be
put there, in my opinion there is great propriety,
on the part of this committee, in inquiring what
sort of accommodations should be afforded to
them there. During exciting debates upon the
floor of this House, great as are the capacities of
the galleries for the accommodation of spectators,
these gentlemen would*be especiallyincommoded.
If, then, they are to occupy places m the gallery
where they are now, I desire that they may have
a place especially set apart and railed off for
them, into which they, and none others, shall
have' the entree.
I trust that the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, which I have renewed, with
these words added to it, "reporters for the press
generally," may be agreed to. The good sense
