1858.]
APfENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clark.
Senate.
tunity to take the chances of the gentlemen on the
other side being able to-morrow to indicate to the
Senate what conclusion they have come to if they
come to any conclusion, and I believe they will
have come to a conclusion. If they shall not have
come to a conclusion then, I think we should sit
it out, and several of them have said they would
not feel it harsh if the majority then compelled
them to sit until the vote was taken on this ques-
tion. I hope, .therefore, that the Senator from
Wisconsin will not now press his motion,but will
withdraw it, and let the Senator from New Hamp-
shire finish hisspcech,and then the session for to-
night can be closed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair callsthe
attention of the Senate to the fact that the Senator
from Wisconsin made a motion and has the floor.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will adopt thesuggestion made by the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, and let the Senator
from New Hampshire finish his speech and then
we can adjourn, and that side of the Chamber
can caucus as they propose to do.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With that suggestion, I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I may say to
Senators, if I had been permitted to have gone
along in my argument I should long since have
concluded what I had to say; but I find no fault
with any Senator on either side of the Chamber.
The sort of by-play that has been carried on, if I
may be allowed the expression, has given me a
little opportunity to rest, though I am somewhat
in the situation of the boy who undertook to hoe
a garden, and when he stopped work to go to din-
ner, he left his hoe standing against a wall and
somebody stole it; and when he got back he
did not know where to begin. I had gone along
through a part of my speech, and did not even set
up my hoe, and I shall have to begin as best I
may, and as near as I may to where I left off.
I want to say one thing to the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] if he is in the
Chamber, in regard to the expression that he ut-
tered here in reference to " crushing out" this side
of the House. They tell a story in my country
about a gentleman, of whom we have all read,
that had a cloven foot; that he once undertook to
straighten a nigger's hair, and somebody inquired
of him how he got along. He said, it was very
busy work, though itwas notvery hard. 1 think
the honorable Senator from Georgia will find his
work both busy and hard. It cannot be done.
Twenty honorable Senators, or more, as we
have, belonging to the Republican party, cannot
be crushed out by any legislative force that can
be brought against them.
I do not know but that honorable Senators may
be emboldened by the course which is taken by
other honorable Senators, and that they suppose,
because certain Senators yield to anything they
propose, that certain other Senators are going to
yield to what they propose. I want to tell that
honorable Senator that different men are now com-
ing from the North. We have had enough in the
North of those people who bow down and yield.
We have got, if I mistake not, not a Senator, but a
President, who bows down and yields to exactly
what is said. I say to exactly what is said; per-
haps I should not put it precisely in that form;
but he bows to do what is required of him. We
have got certain other Senators who bow down
to do what is required of them; but I want the
honorable Senator from Georgia to understand
that there are certain Senators in this Chamber
that are sent now to the Senate, not to bow down,
but to stand up. We have had enough of bowing
down, and the people in my region have got sick
of it. They will stand up, and they cannot be
crushed out. The gentleman may put his heel
upon their heads or upon their toes or anywhere
else he pleases, but still there will be Senators in
this Chamber demanding their rights and main-
taining their righ'ts; and you maycrushand crush,
and the more you crush the more those men will
stand up.
That is what I have to say upon that point; and
if the process had gone on, and God had spared
my life, I would have made this speech in the
Senate if it took to the day of doom; but now,
since there is a manifestation on the part of hon-
orable Senators that when I have concluded this
speech the Senate will adjourn, I have no dispo-
sition to prolong it. I will meet them half way;
but when they show me their foot or their heel,
I will show them my foot or my heel, and I will
stand in my place, and they cannot drive me from
it, nor kick me out of it. Gentlemen may just as
well understand that in the beginning as not. It
is about time that this talk of crushing out should
be stopped. It does not become, in my judgment,
honorable Senators, either to utter or to hear it.
One thing I am sure of—it is to be a vpry diffi-
cult process. The man who attempts it will find
that he has as much as he can do for one genera-
tion.
I think, Mr. President, when I was stopped in
my remarks, that I was commenting upon the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Ohio.
Here is the amendment of the Senatorfrom Mis-
souri, uniting the Minnesota with the Kansas bill.
Upon that, at the proper time, I shall have some-
thing to say. Here is the amendment of the
honorable Senatorfrom Ohio; and upon that, at
another time, I will have something to say. I will
defer it now, because I feel I ought not, after the
manifestation that has been shown here, to delay
the Senate. Here is an amendment which I have
indicated that I propose to make; on which, at the
same time when I offer it, I shall have something
to say; and I have another amendment drawn up,
here in my drawer, which I am going to propose.
I have not asked to have it printed, because it is
well known I am going to move to put on the
Kansas bill at the same time the old Missouri re-
striction, and I am going to endeavor to bring the
Senate to vote upon it. I do not mean that the
matter shall be passed from before the Senate
until all these amendments shall be separately
and severally considered, and until we have the
distinct action of the Senate upon the whole of
them.
I am goingto pass them by now. I understand
I shall be in order, when those amendments come
before the Senate, to debate them. I do not mean
to be factious, but I want to debate them fully.
There is another question which I propose to
debate now. I was about to go into an argument
to show that under the provisions of the Lecomp-
ton constitution itwas out of the power of the
people to alter that constitution until 1864. I know
that honorablegentlemen take other positions, and
say this State Legislature may alter it at once. 1
maintain the opposite of that; and say, and I was
proposing to go into an argument to show, that it
could not be altered, and to show the danger there
would be of forcing that upon the people at the
present time with the idea that it could be al-
tered. I forbear to do that until some future time,
because I am desirous to bring this speech to a
clos"e. I shall have an opportunity to debate that
legitimately and properly, as I may do, and as 1
will endeavor to do, under the amendment of the
honorable Senatorfrom Ohio, or under the amend-
ment winch I may propose, or to the Missouri
restriction. I think it will be germane to either
of those amendments to debate it then; butl will
forbear now, because I do not v/ish to keep Sena-
tors at this unseasonable hour of the night.
Mr. SEWARD. Not many.
Mr. CLARK. It is said by the gentleman from
New York there are not many here. Butl have
quite as much regard to dismiss those who are
here as those who are gone, because they have
taken care of themselves. It does not make any
difference to me that there are not many Senators
to hear me. It does not make any particular dif-
ference to me that I speak at this time of the night.
1 have a duty to discharge, and when I have ut-
tered what I have to say, whether men hear or
forbear, whether they go away or stay, 1 shall
have discharged fully my duty to my constitu-
ents, to my country, and to my own conscience;
and that is all that I have to regard, I think, in
this matter. I shall endeavor to do that duty
fearlessly. I shall endeavor to do it independ-
ently. 1 do not mean to trespass on any other
man's rights or any other man's duties, if I can
understand them in the discharge of my duty.
There is, however, Mr. President, another point
to which I propose an amendment. I will call the J
attention of the Senate to it for a moment, and for j
but a moment, because I mean to debate it by j
and. by. It is a provision of the constitution which i
is certainly to me a very singular one—that con-
stitution which was " done at Lecompton on the
7th day of November." Since then, it is known
that the free-State Legislature of that Territory
has been in session. It is known that they have
repealed, or attempted to repeal, certain laws
there; and yet this Lecompton constitution, by a
single provision, reenacts, or attempts to reenact
and put in force those laws. It contains a pro-
vision that all the laws of the Territory in force
on the 7th day of November, 1857, shall be in
force when this constitution takes effect. Then,
if, in the mean time, the free-State' Legislature, or
any other Legislature, should repeal partof those
laws, by the force of the constitution assuming
the powers of legislation, which I contend they
have no right to do, they reenact those laws and
put them in force. I snail have an opportunity
of addressing myself to that amendment by and
by. I do not propose to discuss it at length now.
I only mention itat this time that I may not seem
to have passed it over without any notice, and will
give it further attention hereafter.
I had laid down various propositions in my own
mind why I would not vote for the admission of
Kansas under this Lecompton constitution. One
of those reasons was, that it will not give peace
and quiet, and may engender civil commotion and
war, destroy the confidence of many of our citi-
zens in the Government of the United States, and
lead to mischief. I desire to discuss that propo-
sition for a short time, because I may not getan-
other opportunity to do so. Senators on the other
side seem to think that Senators on this side want
to prolong the debate. 1 do not desire to do so.
{ only desire to say fairly, candidly, and clearly
what, in my judgment, is proper to the debate,
and when 1 have said that, I shall sit down; but
I shall not sit down until 1 have said it.
You may adopt this Lecompton constitution,
and the President says it will give you peace and
quiet. In my judgment, 1 tell you it will give no
peace and quiet. Bring peace to whom ? Peace
to the country? How so ? What has been the
state of the country ever since you repealed the
Missouri compromise ? and if you would go back
further, I ask what has been the state of the coun-
try since you adopted the compromises ? Then
everything was to be settled. We have heard a
very great many times of this peace and quiet.
Adopt this measure, and there will be peace and
quiet. The dove has come with the olive branch
in Us mouth, and we have taken the dove into the
ark, and yet no peace and quiet have come.
You tell us that peacc and quiet will come now.
I tell you, in my judgment, this measure will bring
you no peace nor quiet. The sentiment of the
country is aroused in a way that no admission of
Kansas with this constitution will quietit. Why
has it been aroused ? Because the country feared
that, when you repealed the Missouri compro-
mise, you were going to make Kansas a slave
State. That was the watchword. The object was
to make Kansas a slave State. The country be-
came alarmed. They said that that was the ob-
ject. A great many Senators in this Chamber
said " no." An honorable Senator from North
Carolina, Mr. Badger, said:
" I have no more ulea that slavery will go into the Terri-
tory of Kaunas than that it will go into Massachusetts."
Senators talked about the law of climate; that
the law which regulated slave labor effectually
prevented its going there. They said slave labor
would not, nor could not, flourish in Kansas.
That'was the argument. Everywhere I went,
on the stump, and elsewhere, I endeavored to con-
trovert it; because 1 saw, as I thought, that sla-
very was to go into Kansas. When they said
that Kansas was too far north, slavery cannot
go there, I replied to them, is Kansas any further
north than Missouri? and if slavery is profitable
in Missouri it will be in Kansas. That was one
reason why I wanted to draw out The Senator
from Missouri to-night. I wanted to ask him if
he was in favor of abolishing it in Missouri, and
he at once said no, that slave labor was profitable
there. He told you that in raising hemp and
tobacco it was nearly equal to the cotton crop in
value, and he did not want to get rid of slavery
in Missouri. If slavery is profitable in Missouri,
why not in Kansas? Is it not entirely idle, then,
to talk about the law of ciimatc, or anything of
