60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
of the amendment—I do not speak egotistically,
for the proposition belongs to the gentleman from
Massachusetts—will, I presume, forcibly impress
every member m its favor.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I have r.o doubt that the
Chair has done the best that, under existing cir-
cumstances, could be done for th.e representatives
of the press. But suppose there are ten or a dozen
very convenient desks provided for them: they
are not sufficient, if we have heretofore had fifty
or sixty gentlemen enjoying these privileges. It
seems to me, therefore, that there ought to be
some further accommodations provided for the
press. I am not prepared to say whether these
fentlemen are now in the best position or not.
!ut, sir, there are persons who have had this
privilege, well known to members as gentlemen
of intelligence, and whose reports are of great
interest to the country; and as the Hall is capa-
cious enough to accommodate at least a part of
them, it would be well enough to authorize the
Chair—I merely throw out the suggestion—to
give the privilege to such a number of these gen-
tlemen as might be admitted to the lobbies back
of our seats, without incommoding members and
other privileged persons.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence]
will be adopted; that this matter will be referred
toa committee; and I have no doubt they will be
able, in their report, to suggest some mode of
affording additional facilities to the representa-
tives of the press. I have in my eye a gentleman
whom I know very well, and who assures me that
the accommodations in the gallery are not suffi-
cient. I second, therefore, the suggestion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. GARNETT. I heartily concur in the ob-
ject proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia to furnish proper accommodations for the
representatives of the press; but I think, at the
same time, that we should pay some regard to
ourselves, and empower the committee to furnish
proper accommodations for the members of the
House. The amendment suggested by the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] should, I
think, be adopted, and the rule which has been
read from the Clerk's desk be revised; for it is no-
torious that this Hall is not of sufficient size to
accommodate the large number of strangers who
have the privilege of the floor. We are not pro-
tected, as in the other Hall, by a barrier. There
is an open space behind our seats; and I know, by
my experience in another hall of legislation, ar-
ranged as this is in that regard, how impossible
it will be for members in the outer ciicle to have j
even the privilege of their own chairs, unless the j
rule is revised, and the number of persons who j
have admission to this floor is materially re-
stricted.
But that is not all, Mr. Speaker. I wish to
empower the committee to provide other accom-
modations for members. Sir, those of us who
occupy seats in the outer circle are now expe-
riencing not only serious inconvenience, but m- J
convenience which I really believe is dangerous j
to our health. Cold air is continually flowing in 1
upon us from these doors. There is no protection j
from double doors, as in the other Hall. Torrents j
of cold air are pouring in all around us, as any j
member can feel, and the whole atmosphere of !
this Hall is the atmosphere, not of a comfortable 1
chamber for gentlemen to transact business in, I
but of a subterranean vault. Look at the panels i
round the Hall! Every one of them is discol- ]
ored by blotches and blurs caused by dampness. !
I move, therefore, the following as an amend- j
ment to the amendment: ;
And that they also inquire what additional aecommoda- ;
lionb are requited for the health and comfort of the mem - I
bers. ;
Mr. WINSLOW. I presume another amend- i
ment would not now be in order. I believe there 1
is already an amendment to an amendment pend- j
ing. I wish, therefore, to suggest to the gentle- j
man from Virginia that he add to his amendment [
the words, " And what amendment, if any, shall
be made to the 17th rule of the House?" The
17th rule is the one which has been read, relating
to the privileges of the floor.
Mr.GAR.NETT. I accept the suggestion, and
modify my amendment by adding to it those
words.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
that the committee have power to report from
time to time. Itis not necessary that they should
embrace all these matters in one report.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not-in order; the
previous question is demanded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Theamendmentto the amendment was adopted.
Mr. Florence's amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
The original resolution, as amended, was then
adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE moved thatthe vote by which
the resolution was adopted be reconsidered, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I hope the gen-
tleman from Georgia will waive that motion for
a single moment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to call
the attention of the House to the fact that the
number of which the committee shall consist has
been omitted.
Mr. KE1TT. Make it fifteen.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No; seven.
Mr. FLORENCE and several other members
suggested five. -
The SPEAKER. There is a blank in the res-
olution which has been adopted, and it will re-
quire unanimous consent to have the blank filled.
Mr. HASKIN. I move that the blank be
filled with " five."
There being no objection, the motion was en-
tertained, and agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. At the earnest
solicitation of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Taylor,] I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
MODE OF PAYING MEMBERS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
joint resolution which I offered this morning.
Mr. STANTON. I misunderstood the reso-
! lution this morning when it was read. I have
I since examined it carefully, and am satisfied that
I there should be no objection to it. I therefore
: withdraw my objection.
! There being no other objection, the joint reso-
j lution to amend the act entitled "An act toregu-
I late the compensation of members of Congress,"
1 approved August 16,1856, was read by the Clerk,
j Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, moved the pre-
i vious question.
| Mr. JONliS, of Tennessee. If that resolution
j be referred to the Committee on Mileage, I shall
I not object to it; otherwise, I shall,
i Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I am perfectly
j willing to have it go to that committee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee withdraw his objection ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will not with-
draw it unless the resolution goes to the Commit-
tee on Mileage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot determine
that.
The objection was not withdrawn.
PROPOSITIONS FOR ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I move to amend that motion,
so as that, when the House adjourns, it adjourn to
meet in the old Hall.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is hardly
in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the motion, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurrms,) Thatthe President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives
adjourn their respective Houses, for the present session,
on Monday, the 2d day of June next ensuing, at twelve
o'cioeK, ni.
Mr. KEITT and several other members ob-
jected. -
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
does not take precedence of the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. FLORENCE. It struck me that it did. I
offer it as an amendment or substitute to the prop-
osition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules it out of
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I raise the point of order,
that my proposition fixes a period remote beyond
that suggested by the gentleman from Georgia for
( adjournment, and is in order. Gentlemen who
do not like this Hall may vote my substitute, and
leave it on the first Monday in June.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The question was taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative; and
thereupon, at three o'clock and forty minutes, the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 17, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The" Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Stephen R. Mallorv, of Florida, and
Hon. Sam Houston, of Texas, appeared in their
seats to-day.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of George
Kippen and others, residents of southern New
Mexico, praying for a separate territorial organ-
ization, under the name of Arizonia: which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
He also presented the petition of Daniel Dra-
per and William P. Draper, praying that a regis-
ter may be granted to the bark Jehu, a Domini-
can vessel, lately called the Naiad diieen, bought,
by the Dominican Government and repaired in
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Catharine
Lydia McLeod, only surviving child of Ehenezer
Markham, a Canadian refugee, praying remu-
neration for the losses and sufferings of her father
in aiding the cause of the American Revolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel B. S. Roberts, asking the Sen-
ate to reconsider its report in regard to the first
American flag raised on the National Palace of
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Mary D.
Hayes and B. S. Fassett, praying to be allowed
a pension on account of the services of John
Durham Alvey, deputy postmaster at the head-
quarters of the army during the revolutionary
war; which was referred to the Committee on
! Revolutionary Claims.
j He also presented the petition of Asa Arkens,
I praying Congress to grant relief by pensions or
! otherwise, to the surviving officers and soldiers
j of the war of 1812; which was referred to the
j Committee on Pensions.
I Mr. BROWN presented the petition of John
j A. Ragan, for himself and others, praying that
: they may be allowed to purchase from the Gov-
] ernment Lake Washington, in Mississippi, and
| Lake Point Coupee, in Louisiana, for the purpose
of improving the breed of fish; which was re-
i ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Amos Ken-
, dall and others, praying an annual appropriation
; of ^3,000 for the support of the Deaf and Dumb
| Asylum in the District of Columbia; which was
; referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
I He also presented additional papers in relation
to the claim of William B. Trotter; which, with
| his petition on file, were referred to the Commit-
! tee on Indian Affairs.
i He also presented additional papers in relation
; to the claim of Nannie Denman, widow of F. J.
Denman; which, with her papers on file, were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of Wil-
i liam H. Kennon,late a purser in the United States
Navy, praying to be allowed the same compen-
sation that was received by his predecessor and
successor on board the United States steam-fri-
gate Mississippi; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition and
papers of S. DeVisser & Co., praying for the
