108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clark.
Senate.
that kind excluding slavery from Kansas? There
is no doubt a large majority of the people of the
North—perhaps all of them—desire slavery not
to go into Kansas. I do not know but what I
may say that some men from the slave States de-
sire it not to go there as a matter of climate, be-
cause slave labor crushes out too much land,and
countries settled by free labor are the most pros-
perous countries.
Why, Mr. President, I could join in all that was
said of the beautiful country of the South by the
gentleman from South Carolina; I could join with
him in speaking of the beautiful sea-coast, the
winding bays, and harbors; I could join with lnm
in praise of that magnificent river which sweeps
all the valley of that country; I could join with him
in thefineness and richness of the soil, in the bright
sunlight, and everything that makes that country
beautiful; but when I join with him in that, the
reflection would come to my own mind, if you
only cultivated that country as you might a large
portion of it—by free labor—1 have no doubt you
might do so—how much more beautiful would it
be than it is now. I agree to the picture which
he drew, and then, without taking the brush off,
I could add some very beautiful tints to that coun-
try. I apply the same thing to Kansas. When
you talk to me about slavery making the South
prosperous, or making Kansas prosperous, 1 tell
you with free labor it will be infinitely more beau-
tiful and prosperous.
There is another point to which I want to di-
rect the attention of Senators, if they will permit
me. Gentlemen of the South complain that if
slavery is excluded from Kansas they cannot go
and carry their slaves there. Very true. Let
me state the otherside. 11'they go and can y their
slaves there, free labor cannot go there to any
great extent. You have, got to exclude one or
the other in lolo. Which shall be excluded, the
one which renders the counLry more prosperous
or least prosperous ?
But 1 pass from that consideration, and come
back to the proposition that the admission of
Kansas under this constitution will bring you no
peace. 1 ask you to turn your attention to my
own State, and see what has been the history of
the question there, and then judge of other States
like my State, whether you are going to have
peace. The State of Now Hampshire had been
a Democratic State from 1829 to 1846. She hod
not faltered once. She was as true as the needle
to the pole, or the shining of the north star. She
was always Democratic. When the great State
ofNew York and other States faltered m 1840,
or were swept away by a political whirlwind,
New Hampshire was true to the Democracy. She
acquired the titles of the " Gibraltar of Democ-
racy,"! lie " back-bone of Democracy," the "un-
tcrrilicd Democracy," because she was always
true. Yet, m 3846, when upon the question of
the admission of Texas, they proposed to defeat
my colleague here, who had been a member of the
other 1 louse, for his vote there, New Hampshire,
which for seventeen years never had varied in the
least, went square about, defeated the Democracy,
elected my colleague to the Senate of the United
States, and brought him first into this Chamber.
That was done upon the slavery question.
The next year the Democratic party passed cer-
tain anti-slavery resolutions, showed themselves
opposed to slavery, and the State went square
back. On those resolutions she stood in 1847,
1848,1849, and 1850. She reiterated /hem in 1851
and 1852, and there she stood in 1853. But the
very next time you brought up this slavery ques-
tion, and proposed to repeal the Missouu com-
promise, in 1854 she went square about again.
They had not a majority of the Legislature in
T854 which would elect a Senator; but they de-
feated the Democratic Senator. The next year
she went square about, and, with a majority of
one hundred, reelected my colleague and my pre-
decessor, the late Mr. Bell,as Senators here. The
next year she stood the same; the next year the
same. She has just spoken again; and I want
you to hear what is said now in that State.
Mr. President, when you proposed to admit
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution, the
Democracy of the State of New Hampshire be-
came a little frightened. They began to take sides
with the honorable Senator from Illinois—if you
will allow me so to speak—against Lecompton,
and to take sides with the President. They passed
a resolution approving the course of the Senator
from Illinois, or against the Lecompton constitu-
tion; and they passed a resolution approving of
the President. They prayed good Lord and good
devil. They came up to a vote. The Lord would
not, or did not, help them; and the devil could
not, for the Republicans were too many for him.
It turned out that the Republicans carried the
State by an increased majority of two thousand
votes. We carried it by three thousand before,
and three thousand majority in our State is a
pretty large raajofJty; but at the present election,
which took place last week, on last Tuesday, we
increased the majority to five thousand. '
Mr. SEWARD. What was the aggregate
vote ?
Mr. CLARK. The aggregate vote was about
sixty-four thousand. We are a very steady and
conservative people. New Hampshire was a
Democratic State from 1829 to 1846. She then
went around and voted for my colleague. She
resumed her place in 1847, and went on until
1854. She changes only once ill a generation;
she is so conservative that when she fixes her
point, there she remains. She has fixed herself
as a Republican State, and there she will remain.
At this election she has increased the majority
two thousand votes.
Mr. SEWARD. She will come up.
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir; she will come clear
up, if you keep on this warfare, and take in the
whole people. But 1 want to read to you, sir,
and to honorable gentlemen who cry '-peace,
peace; only admit Kansas with the Lecompton
constitution, and you will have peace," an article
from the New Hampshire Patriot. That is, and
lias been, the State paper. Everybody who
knows anything about New Hampshire, and
Isaac Hill, knows what sort of a paper it has
been. It was his paper, and had been from time
immemorial his paper. 1 desire to read a few
lines written the day after, or the day but one
after, the recent defeat. Here is what it says:
" This defeat of the Democracy is sufficiently over-
whelming to satisfy our most bitter opponents; even the
latest renegade mu*t feel content Willi it. At the same time,
when the palpable cause of it is considered, it presents no
occasion (or despondency on the part of true and intelli-
gent Democrats. No one can fail to see the cause; all ad-
mit it. The Kansas question lias again crushed uV—
That is the " crushing out," sir. " The Kan-
sas question has again crushed us"—us, the De-
mocracy. That is a different crushing from what
the Senator from Georgia was going to give us.
Mr. SEWARD. It is a bad rule that will not
work both ways.
Mr. CLARK. We know it works both ways.
If we put our trust in Providence, and general prin-
ciples are with us, we need notfear this crushing-
out process. This article continues:
—■' with its ponderous, blind, unreasoning power. Before
the Lecompton constitution question was brought before
the eountiy. our prospects for success were highly flatter-
ing ; our triumph seemed to be certain."
Now mark this:
" That matter, with the course of the Administration upon
it"—
that is it—
" fell like a wet blanket upon the rising courage and earn-
est zeal of our lriends, and from that day we were doomed ;
our defeat was certain, and apparent to all well-informed
persons."
Let me tell you, Mr. President—and let me tell
honorable Senators who think that peace is coming
from this measure—that when you have crushed
out the majority in Kansas, you have not crushed
out the Republicans of New Hampshire, nor the
Republicans of the country. What will be the
effect of passing this bill? You admit Kansas with
this Lecompton constitution. She then comes into
the Union under it, just as if you had not amended
it or put some condition to it, and what do you get
then? Where is Mr. John Calhoun? Herein
this good city. Why did he not count the votes
before this?- Why, he told you he was not going
to count them or declare them until Congress ad-
mitted the State; when you got that difficulty set-
tled he would count the vote. Oh, yes; you admit
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution; let it
come in with slavery in it; then I will count you
in a pro-slavery Governor—a pro-slavery Legis-
lature, with all the machinery to move it; and then
let us see you get a free State. Then what sort
of a difficulty would you have ? Have you any
idea that the people are going to submit to it? I
put it to you—if they have been rebellous, insur-
rectionary, and insubordinate, while this question
has been pending, and under the rule of these
Missourians.whatdo you think they will be when
you force upon them a constitution which is ob-
noxious to them, and against their will?
You send your Governor back if he dares to go.
Let him attempt to put that slave-State govern-
ment into operation. They will drive him out of
the Territory. Let the Legislature attempt to go
into session. It may be—I do not say, because I
do not know; I am only foreshadowing events in
givingmy oXvn views—that they will assemble, or
attempt to assemble. The people drive them out
of the Territory. What then ? An application by
the Legislature and Governor for troops to take
care of them. What then ? A collision between
the troops and the people. What then? Why,
peace in the country! Only admit Kansas, and
we will all go to bed, and lie down and be peace-
able and quiet; and we will not hear anything of
this subject again !
I tell you, sir, that when you put this Lecomp-
ton constitution into effect, in my judgment you
give the people of Kansas the torch of civil war,
and tell them to go and light it. I am not certain
but what the President desires this. There is evi-
dence here to show that the President of the Uni-
ted States does not want peace. That is apretty
grave charge to make; but I think I can prove it,
and I prove it in this way: Mr. Stanton wrote to
the President, (and the President sent the docu-
ment here, or rather repeated in his message what
Mr. Stanton had said,) that the only way he could
prevent bloodshed in the Territory, as he thought,
was to call the Legislature together. He did call the
Legislature together. What then' Why, the Pres-
ident turned him out of office for doing the very
thing that would prevent bloodshed. Now, Sen-
ators know that the reason the President assigned
for turning him out of office, was because he called
the Legislature together; and then, afterwards,
this same President sends here his message, and
in that message says that Mr. Stanton said, the
only thing to prevent bloodshed was to call that
Legislature together; and so it happened.
Mr. President, I could continue for some time
longer to show you why you will get no peace in
this Territory by passing this measure, but I for-
bear. I have already occupied more of the time of
the Senate than I ought to have done, much more
time than I should have done under other circum-
stances; but, with these hasty remarks, I close
with a warning to the Senate, if it becomes me to
give the warning, that as you failed in 1850 to get
peace on this question, when you thought you
would have it by the compromise measures; as
you failed to get it in 1854, when you thought you
would have it by the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise; so now, in my judgment, you will fail,
signally fail; and I will tell you that the admis-
sion of Kansas under this Lecompton constitu-
tion , in my judgment, instead of giving peace and
quiet to the country, will add but another torch
and another brand, which will be fanned into a
flame, and which will end we know not where.
Now, Mr. President, I had it in my mind to
have said something further in regard to the speech
of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
which was delivered on Friday. And, if you
will bear with me a moment, I will do so. I dis-
sent entirely from the comlusion of that speech.
Though it distinctly shadowed forth what certain
gentlemen deemed to be the career of this coun-
try, I was compelled to dissent. We were told
by the gentleman from Virginia that the eagles
were already gathering to the banquet of empire,
but that there was one eagle away, watching her
nest. He spoke as if it was desirable that that
young eagle should be to that banquet of empire.
I say, sir, let the young eagle watch her nest; let
her take care of her young; let her not go to feed
upon the carrion of the Old World. I say more.
Let her maintain her dominions here where she
is, upon her own soil. If, in a proper and right-
ful way, she acquires more soil to be used m a
proper way, so be it; but I protest against that
vision of empire which he shadowed forth when
