1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
gressional districts have not been supplied with
them. This resolution is to supply the deficiency,
and to enable the members of the several districts
to designate the libraries to which they shall be
sent, instead of the Secretary of the Interior. I
understand the Secretary of the Interior desires
it. The resolution makes no appropriation; and
I hope it mav be passed without delay.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from New Yoik if the object is not covered by
the resolution introduced by the gentleman from
North C.iroiin.i yesterday ?
Mr. MOIlGAlN". No, sir; the bill introduced
by the gentleman from North Carolina does not
relate to. this at all. These books are on hand to
be distributed, and the Secretary of the Interior
would like to have the order passed.
The joint resolution was read in extewo.
Mr. JONES,ofTennessee.objected to its pas-
sage.
The resolution was then referred to the Joint
Committee on the Library.
INDIAN* RESERVES IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. LEACH introduced a bill for the relief of
the settlers upon certain Indian reserved lands ill
the State of Michigan; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT THUNDER BAY RIVER.
Mr. LEACH introduced a bill making an ap-
propriation for the construction of a pier and light-
house at the mouth of Thunder Bay river, in the
State of Michigan; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
HARBORS AT MACKINAW CITY.
Mr. LEACH introduced a bill making an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the harbors
at Mackinaw City, in the State of Michigan;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT APPALACHICOLA.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill for the erec-
tion of a marine hospital at Appalachicola, Flor-
ida; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
DISTRICT JUDGE OP FLORIDA.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiue'ed to inquire into the propriety of increasing the sal-
ary ol' the judge of the northern district of Florida; and that
they report by bit! or otherwise.
FORTIFICATIONS IN' FLORIDA.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
llcsolced, That the Committee on Military Affairs he in-
stmcted to inquire as to the propriety anil necessity of for-
titvnig the mouth of the river dt. John and the iKuhors of
Tampa and Appalachicola. in the State of Florida; and
that they rcpou llieieupun !>> bill oi otherwise.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT POINT ISABEL.
Mr. BRYAN introduced a bill to provide for
the erection of a custom-house at Point Isabel, in
the collection district of Brazos Santiago, m the
State of Texas; which was read a first and sec-
ond time,and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
FORTIFICATIONS IN TEXAS.
Mr. BRYAN introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair* be in-
structed to report by [nil or oihorvvi«e, n provi-ion for the
election of suitable' fortifications at the month of Brazos
uver, San Luis Pass, and Passe Cabello, in Texas.
RESOLUTIONS OF TEXAS LEGISLATURE.
Mr. BRYAN presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Texas, in relation to the pay-
ment of the public debt of Texas; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Also, ajomt resolution of the same body in re-
lation to Kansas; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICT IN IOWA.
Mr. DAVIS, of lov/o, introduced o bill to os-
t.ViMKh nn additional laud <i^ri<"t in tho Hl>Uv of
Iowa; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
JOHN R. NOURSD.*
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa, also introduced a bill
for the relief of John R. Nourse; w'uch was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com- j
mittee on the Judiciary. !
I
GRANTS OF LAND TO IOWA RAILROADS- j
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa, al^o introduced a bill ,
making a grant of land to the State of Iowa in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from McGregor, on the Mississippi riv^r,
to the west line of said State; which was read u
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lmds.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa, also introduced an act
making a grant of land to aid in building a rail-
road in the State of Iowa; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
JOINT RESOLUTIONS OF IOWA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. DA VIS, of Iowa, presented the following
joint resolutions and memorials of the Legislature
of the State of Iowa; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed:
A memorial for a grant of land to aid in the ,
construction of the Lansing and Northern Iowa i
and Southern Minnesota railroad; * '
A memorial asking Congress to appropriate a !
sum sufficient to the State'of Iowa to indemnify ;
the said State for all necessary expenses incurred <
m an expedition raised under authority of the !
Governor of the State of Iowa, to relieve the set- |
tlements on Spirit Lake, m March, 1857; |
A joint resolution asking for bounty land war- |
rants for the volunteers of the Spirit Lake expe- j
dition; ;
A joint resolution asking Congress for a grant
of land to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads;
A memorial to Congress in favor of restricting
the sale of public lands to actual settlers; and j
A memorial for the relief of James H.Thomas j
and family. [
THE VOLUNTEER BILL. ;
Mr. CURTIS offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That llou e bill No 310, to provide foi the or
ganization of a regiment of mounted volunteer-, and to ;
authorize the Pi esiclent to call into the -ervice of the Unite.!
State* tour additional regiments oi volunteers, be made the
ppeeiat oider of the day for to day, and each succeeding day ,
for three ilajs, or until the same bo disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. BILLINGHURST offered a joint resolu-
tion fixing the time for the adjournment of Con-
gress.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Rewired, That the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of tin- Hou-e o^Reptesentafives adjourn their re-
spective Houses of Congre-s sine die on the first Monday
: in June next, at twelve o'clock, in., of that day.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. If there be no objec-
tion I ask to have the resolution put upon its
passage.
Mr. MILLSON. I object.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT,.
Mr. POTTER offered the following resolution r
\V liereas. the true policy of government requires that the
legislative powei t-lmll i '^inteivenc between the legitimate |
, olijeetrf of individual enterprise and competition ; and
1 whereas, the puntvof government require* that its patron- j
; age snail be reduced and k-'pr at its io\ve>t po^iblc limit; I
' and whorea--, the patronage di-psn?>ed by the Government
of the United State- thiou-li the Post Office Department is j
rapidly lucieasnigj thereby extending and enlarging the in- j
ftucnce and powci of the cent! a! Government; and whereas, !
the Federal Government, while monopolizing the tran^por- ,
i tation of the mail matter of the country, and assuming the ■
1 husmc^s of a common earner, lefuses to hold itself icppons- <
ible to bet citizens for lo«rs which may occur thiough tbe (
[i neghgenoo or default ot us agents :
ij Rrsolved, Tnat the Committee on the Po?t Office and Post ,•
:! Roads be. and they are hereby, requested to import to thia ,■
Hou-se as to the exnediejievof abolishing the piescnt postal ij
system of the United States, and "leaving the people ,
thereof perfectly fiee" to tiai^mit and rcceivc then letters
and otiier mail matter u in their own \vay." j;
Mr. CLEMENS. I object to that resolution.
Mr. POTTER. It is merely a resolution for
reference to a committee. ,
Mr. CLEMENS. Strike out the last two lines, ,
or add "subject to the Constitution of the United ;i
States," and I will withdraw objection. [Laugh- j,
Mr. REAGAN. I object to the resolution.
LIGHT-HOUSE MMTBRS-
Mr. POTTERoffered the foHowingresolutkm;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
RcsolvcJ, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
ib hore.by, requested to transmit to this Hou-e a icport, is
detail, of the disbursements mads bv the engineer, officer ra
charge, and the inspector of lisziU houses ui distiiet No. II
<>:i the noiihwestein lakes.staling how many, and at what
points, lights have Ihmmi exhibited dining the *cn -ou of 1837;
al-o, what new works have been commenced and what
completed, the repairs made, and at what the amount
evpimded at each point; a No the co-t for material and t?ub-
si.Mcnce, and the amount teqnned lo complete the work at
each point where the woik is unfinished ; also how many,
and what voseK, -teauibn.it^, tugs., or other water craft,
have, h sen chattered, purchased, or employed for the light-
house service m the tenth and eleventh di-tricts, and ihe
tonnage of, and the nature of the service performed by, and
the cost of each of said vessel:3, boats, or other water craft
so chartered, purchased, or employed; also the cost of re-
pair* of said ve=sel-s, boats, &c., and the cost of running the
same up to the close of navigation of the year 1857 ; also the
amount, in detail, of any outstanding claims against tbe De-
partment for the use of any of said vessels, boats, tugs, &e.,
or for anv work, labor, or materials, performed or furnished
on any contract made and entered into on behalf* of the
board in distiictNo. II, and also the names of the claimants.
EXPLORATION OF AMOOR RIVER.
Mr. SCOTT offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Secretary of State be, and he is here-
by, requested III furnish to this IIou*e, as soon as practi-
cable. if not ineompitlble •vitli tilt? public interest, al! inform-
ation that may be on file in the State Department relative
to the exploration ot the Amoor river.
HARBORS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SCOTT also offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce is hereby in-
structed to mqitue into the expediency of making nn appro-
priation for the protection and preservation of the itatbors
of Kan Dieso ami Sail Pedro, in California; and to report
by bili or otheiwise.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. McKIBBIN introduced a bill to authoriza
the President of the United States to contract for
the construction of military roads, and for ihe
transportation of the mail's, troops, seamen, mu-
nitions of war, Army and Navy supplies, and all
other Government service, by said roads, from
points on or near the Mississippi river to the Pa-
cific ocean; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the select committee on the Pa-
cific railroad, and ordered to be printed.
CALIFORNIA BONDS AND CERTIFICATES.
Mr. McKIBBIN also introduced a bill making
! an appropriation for the payment of bonds and
> certificates issued by the State of California, for
1 the payment of expenses incurred in the suppres-
, sion of Indian hostilities ill that Stale; which was
i read a fii'bt and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
S. W. HOLLODAY.
Mr. McKIBBIN also introduced a bill for the
relief of S. W. Holloday; which was lead a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
BILLS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. KINGSBURY. I ask the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Rasjh-ed, That the Home take up Senate bills lying on
the Speaker's table, and icier thein to their appropriate
committees, immediately after the House shall have com-
pleted its present ordei of business.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
MAIL ROUTES IN OREGON.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tiiat the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be requested to inquire into the exp?diency of estab-
lishing a mail loute by way of the military road from Salem,
Oregon, to Astoria in said Teintory. and also fiom Bose-
buig via the Cuquill valley to Empire City, at Coose bay ;
also from Salem to Tilauiook bay.
TERRITORY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced a
bill to extend the provisions of an act to amend an
act to establish a territorial government in Ore-
gon, and of an act to establish a territorial gov-
ernment in Minnesota to the Territory of "W ash-
in^ton; which was read a first and second umu,
fin J referred to thy Committee on Territories.
