1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
passage of an act abandoning on the part of the
Government all claims arising out of frauds of
which they were innocent; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts in relation to the
claim of that State against the United States for
militia services during the last war with Great
Britain; which were referred to the Committee
on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of Michigan praying for the abolition of the office
of Chaplain in the public service; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. STUART I presented, last week, a me-
morial of the Board of Education of the State of
Michigan, and of the Faculty of the Agricultural
College of the State, praying for a grant of land.
As the committees had not then been formed, it
was laid on the table. I move that it be taken up,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of soldiers of
the last war with Great Britain, praying that pen-
sions may be allowed the soldiers of that war or
to their widows; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Rich-
ard Randolph in behalf of John Slaughter, pro-
testing against the ad judication of the claims of
citizens of Virginia by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of Wil-
liam D. Elam. asking for the passage of an act to
regulate pleadings in the district courts of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of James Hud-
gins, son and administrator of Ruth Murphy, for-
merly widow of John Hudgins, a brigade quar-
termaster in the revolutionary army, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of Jonas P. Kel-
ler, prayingcompensation for services as gp.neral
superviser and watchman of the Winder building
in 1849 and 1850; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of the heirs
and representatives of Gffitano Carusi, praying
for the fulfillment of a contract made with him by
Captain Hall, late of the marine corps of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. DURKEE presented the memorial of
Anson Dart, late superintendent of Indian affairs
in Oregon, praying for the passage of an act
authorizing the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to settle his account wish the Government on
principles of equity and justice; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Aftairs.
Mr. POLK presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Missouri, praying that the unsurveyed
swamp lands may be patented to that State with-
out being surveyed; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Missouri, praying for an appropriation for
public lands to build a railroad from Springfield
to Gibb's Bluff, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. EVANS presented a presentment of the
grand jury of the United States for the district
of South Carolina, in session at Charleston, rec-
ommending an appropriation for a new court-
house at that place, and that provision be made
for arranging the records of that court, and in-
creasing the allowance for the maintenance of
prisoners; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a presentment of the grand
jury of the United States district court at Green-
ville, South Carolina, recommending an appro-
priation for a new court-house, and the appoint-
ment of commissioners, at suitable places, within
the jurisdiction of that court; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EVANS. 1 ask for the reference to the
Committee on Commerce of the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, in regard
to the coast survey, which I presented before the
committees were organized.
, It was so ordered.
Mr. GWIN presented a memorial of a large
number of the citizens residing in the western
portion of the Territory of Utah, praying for the
organization of a new Territory east of the Sierra
Nevada mountains; which was referred to the
Committee on Territoiies.
INDIANA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the credentials of the sitting members of
this body from the State of Indiana, together with all the
papers on file protesting against their right to seats, or re-
lating to their election as Senators in Congress by the Le-
{lisiatuie of Indiana, be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
FINANCE REPORT.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That John \V. Chevis and others, have leave
to withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the Oiange and Alexandiia
Railroad Company, on the files of the Senate, he referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the legal representatives
of Charles Poiterfield, on the files of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Oidered, That Hiram Paulding have leave 10 withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That Hall Npilson have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Tench Tilghman, on the
files o( the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Com-
meiee.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Chailes McCormaek, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John Temple and the
memorial of Henry Volcker, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in relation to the
ease of Rlias Hall, on the files of the Senate, be lefened to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of A. .T. Atoeha, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Joseph Loranger, on the
files of the Senate, be leferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Augustus Moor, on the
files of the Senate, he leferred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Alfdirs and the Militia.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, of New Jer-
sey, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Pameha Preswick and
the other heir? of William \Vj£ton, on the files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That John Temple have leave to withdraw his
petition and papeis.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Aftaiis.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Nancy Read, widow of
Levi Read, a soldier of the Revolution, be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That Mary Bennett have leave to withdraw her
petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. IVEUSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers in the case of
Mrs. Christina Barniml, on the files of the Senate, he ro-
ierred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. IYERSON, it was
Ordered, Tiiat the memorial of George A. O'Brien, and
the memorial of Eleazer Williams, on the files of the Sen-
ate, be referi ed to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the surviving children of
Samuel Hammond, on the files of the Senate, be referred t©
the Committee tm Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered, That the resolution of the Legislature of lowa^
on the files of the Senate, m tftvor of a grant of land for a
railroad from McGregor's Landing to the Missouri.river,
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John R. Nourse, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims*
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE*
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. J. C. Allen, their Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 1) in relation -to the cler-
gymen of the city of Washington who may offi-
ciate as Chaplains of the Senate and House of
Representatives.
BOMBARDMENT OF GREYTOWN.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if compatible
with the public interest, to communieate to the Senate
copics of any correspondence which may have taken place
between the Department of.State and the British and French
Ministers on the subject of claims for losses alleged to have
been sustained by subjects of Great Britain and France at
the bombardment of Greytown.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con?
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message, and
accompanying documents as refers to the subject of a na-
tional railroad from the Mississippi valley to the Pacific
ocean, be rcfened to a select committee of nine members,
to be appointed by the President pio teiwpor/>.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Gwin, Douglas, Bright, Davis, Hun-
ter, Seward, Bell, Foot, and Iverson, as the
committee.
THE DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That a select committee of five be appointed
by the President pro tempore to examine into the condition
of the corporations or associations acting as banks of de-
posit, discount, and usue, in the District of Columbia, and
the authority under which said corporations or associations
assume to transact the business of banking, wtth power to
send for persons and papeis, and to examine witnesses
under oath. Abo to inquire whether any, and what further
legislation, is necessary to regulate and control banks of de-
posit, circulation, and issue, in the District of Columbia,
arid to report by bill or otherwise.
I have conferred with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance and the chairman of the Com*
mittee on the District of Columbia, the only two-
committees to whom the subject-matter of this
resolution could, with propriety, be referred.
They both think they have sufficient occupation,
and that the subject'is one worthy of investiga-
tion by a special committee. I hope the resolu-
tion will now be considered.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
conscnt. and agreed to.
The committee consists of Messrs. Slidell,
Polk, Broderick, Thomson of New Jersey, and
Hale.
| KANSAS AFFAIRS,
I Mr. TRUMBULL. A resolution was adopted
j yesterday, requesting the President " to comma*
i nicate to the Senate all correspondence between
I the Executive Department and the present Gov-
! ernor of Kansas, together with such orders and
j instructions as have been issued to said Governor
; in relation to the affairs of said Territory."
! It will be observed that this resolution is Irm-
j ited to thecommunications and instructions which
j have been made to the present Governor of Kafl-
' sas. I think it very important that we should
have all the correspondence, whether with the
Governor or other officers. It is known that the
Governor has not been there for some time, and
it is important to have the whole of the instruc-
tions and communications which have been made.
I have drawn up the folio wing resolution with that
view, which I hope will be adopted:
Resoh-ed, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate all correspondence betvveeu lmnseh' or
any of the Departments, and any Governor or otiier otficer
or person in the employment of the Government in Kansas
Territory, not heretofore communicated, together with all
orders and instructions which have been issued to the Gov-
ernor of the said Territory, or any other officer or prison in
said Territory, in relation to Kansas affairs.
Mr. MASON. Let it lie over until we ean look
atit.
