m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
Mr. PXJGH. I was about to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution calling for documents which
have not been embraced in any previous call; but
if the resolution offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois is to lie over, I ask that the following reso-
lution may lie over with it:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate copies of the following documents:
1. Return of the votes taken in Kansas Territory at the
October election, 1856, upon the question of calling a con-
vention to frame a constitution and State government.
2. Act of the Territorial Legislature (in obedienec to that
vote) calling such a convention, and providing for the ap-
portionment and election ofdelegates to the same.
3. The census and registration of voters, by counties and
precincts, as taken under that act.
4. The apportionment of delegates made upon the re-
turns of such census and registration.
5. lletui ns of the election by counties for delegates to the
convention.
6 Returns of the last election, by counties, for members
of the Territorial Legislature and a Delegate to Congiess.
7. Proclamations of the Governor or acting Governor
upon the subject of the census, registration of voters, and
the several elections hereinbefore specified.
8. Journal of the convention held at Lecompton to frame
a constitution and Slate government.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tions will lie over, under the rule.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
^ Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to grant to the citics
of Washington and Georgetown one million acres
of the public lands for the support of common
schools.
Mr. BAYARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
public printing, binding, and engraving.
Mr. BRODERICK gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize and
direct the payment of certain moneys into the
treasury of the State of California, which were
collected in the ports of said Slate as a revenue
upon imports since the ratification of the treaty
of peace between the United States and the Re-
public of Mexico, and prior to the admission of
eaid State into the Union.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. I) for the relief of George P. Marsh; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a bill (S. No. 2) to grant a homestead of
one hundred and sixty acres of the public land to
actual settlers; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S. R.
No. I) as to the constitutional power of the Ex-
ecutive in the removal of commissioned officers
of the Army and Navy, which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 3)
to authorize notaries public to take and certify
oaths, affirmations, and acknowledgments, m
certain eases; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. PUGff, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills; which wore read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (S. No. 4) to authorize writs of errorin
all cases prosecuted by indictment—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary;
A bill (S. No. 6) to provide for a survey of the
Ohio river and its principal tributaries—to the
Committee on Commerce; and
A bill (S. No. 7) for the improvement of navi-
gation at the falls of the Ohio river—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 5) to
continue the pension heretofore granted to Kath-
erine M. Hamor; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CxWIN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 8) to organize the Territory of Arizonia, and
to create the office of surveyor general therein;
to provide for the examination of private land
claims; to grant donations to actual settlers; to
survey the public and private lands, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill (S. No. 9) to authorize and facili-
tate the construction of a northern, a southern,
and a central Pacific railroad and magnetic tele-
graph through the Territories of theUnited States;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the select committee on the subject, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 10) repealing all laws or parts of laws
allowing bounties to vessels employed in the bank
or other cod fisheries; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JONES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 12)
making a grant of land to the State of Iowa, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from McGregor's Landing to the "western
boundary of said State; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a bill (S. No. 11) making a grant of land
to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Keokuk to
Fort Madison, through the southern tier of coun-
ties in said State, to the Missouri river; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the an-
nual report of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
report a bill (S. No. 13) to authorize the issue of
Treasury notes. I ask the Senate, by unan
imous consent, to proceed to the consideration of
this bill now. There is great necessity for its
prompt passage. If any Senator doubts the pro-
priety of having it considered at once, I should
like to have a letter which has been addressed to
me by the Secretary of the Treasury read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Treasury Department, December 35, 1857.
Sir: In my animal icportto Congress of the 8th instant,
an explanation ot the causes which would lead to the ne-
cessity ofsiipplymy the Tiensuiy with the means, ofpiomptly
meeting the lawful claims upon it was given. I stated that
" such provision should be made at the eaihest practicable
period, as a lailure ol sufficient means 111 the Tieasury may
occur at an early day."
At the time I pie pared that statement, the weekly expend-
itures were exceeding the receipts to an extent that induced
the opinion thus given. While the emanated amount of
impoitations justified the conclusion that the revenue for
the present year might be sufficient to meet the wants of
the Government, yet the actual receipts into the Treasury
iu tunc to pi ovule for the wants of the public service were
dependent, not on the amount of merchandise imported,
but the portion entered for consumption. At tins time there
is held m warehouse, in the city ot New York alone, mer-
chandise subject to duty exceeding twenty-eight million
dollars in value, on which, when entered for consumption,
duties must be paid to the amount of more than six mil-
lion dollars.
The penod when such payment of duty will be made may
be influenced by so many circumstances, that the public
credit should not be hazarded upon the contingency of its
happening in lime to meet the liabilities which we know
miht he provided for at an early day.
The amount now in the Tieasurv subject to draft is con-
siderably less than six million dollars. When we reflect
that balances mint be kept in the hands of public officers !
in every part of the United States, by whom drafts are re- ■
quued to be paid, it will he readily perceived that the fiscal
operations ot the Government cannot be coined on with
convenience and secuuty with a le«s sum in the Treasury.
The excess of the expendituies over the receipts h daily
reducing this balance. 1 have been compelled to withdraw [
from the Mint ami us branches the amount usually kept '
there for the puipose of facilitating the conversion of bul- 1
lion into com lor the benefit of depositors. Such with-
drawal neces-vauiy occasions an inconvenience to the com- f
mcicml community which should be obviated whenever it
shall become practicable to do so.
It is pioperto statu that, in addition to the ordinary cur-
rent demands on the Tiecwui y, the Mini of $722,652 29 must
be paid on the J at of January next lor interest on the pub-
lic debt.
In view of-this state of things, I have the honor to ask
your attention to the recommendation m my annual report
that authority be given by law to issue Treasury notes. I
think it impoitant that Congress should act at once on the .
subject, that the necessary arrangements may be made by I
the 1st day of Januaiy to meet such public liabilities as be- '
come payable aland before that time, and which cannot be
longer postponed.
Though the amount of $20,000,000 will not. in all piob-
abihty, be needed at an early day, if at all, vet it is deemed
best that the Department be authorized to'issue and keep
out that sum, should it be required by the public service.
The rate of interest, foi manifest leasona, should be left
discretionary with the Department, subject to the approval
of the President; but not to exceed six per centum per an-
num.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. R.M.T. Hunter, Chairmanof Committee on Finance,
Senate of the United States.
Mr. ALLEN. Yesterday the Senate determ-
ined that they would, at one o'clock to-day, pro-
ceed to the election of a Public Printer. I hope
that will be done previous to the consideration of
this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to my friend from
Rhode Island that, if we take up this bill, we can,
at one o 'clock, suspend its consideration, in order
to execute that order; but I should like, if it be
the pleasure of the Senate, to get the bill before
them, because we must have action on it before
Monday. 1 hope we may act on it to-day; but
certainly we should do so before Monday.
Mr. SIMMONS. Has the bill been printed ?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; it was only reported
to-day.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope it will be printed
before being acted upon. I think it is a very
important bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I admit it is a very important
bill. Of course, if any Senator insists on its going
over, for the purpose of being printed, it must lie
over and be printed. I will only say that, if we
postpone it, in order to have it printed, we must
sit to-morrow or the next day, so as to pass it,
because it is indispensable that it should be acted
on at an early day.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope we shall hear the bill
read, and then we can judge of it.
Mr. HUNTER. It corresponds with the bill
of 1847, with the exception of two provisions,
which I can state briefly.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I can see no necessity
for printing it.
Mr. KING. It would be better to have it
printed.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to see it printed.
I do not want to vote for the issue of §20,000,000
of Treasury notes, to be kept in circulation as
long as the Executive may think proper, without
knowing exactly what I am doing. I should like
to have the bill printed, so that we can read and
understand it.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course, if the Senator
insists on having it printed, it must go over.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to hear-
ing it read.
Mr. HUNTER. Let it be read; but before the
Secretary reads it, I will state the two points of
difference between this bill and that of 1847. In
the act of 1847 there was a provision for funding
the Treasury notes. That provision is not in this
bill. The impression is, that if it were put there
they would be funded, and not perform the office
desired. The other difference is as to the mode
of putting them out. With the exception of
§6,000,000, which will probably be wanted be-
tween now and the 1st of January, it is proposed
that the residue shall be put out on public adver-
! tisement to the bidder, who will agree to take
them at specie at the lowest rate of interest, so
as to preserve the precise specie par between the
notes and specie. Th^se are the only two points
of difference between this bill and the act of 1847.
Perhaps the bill had better be read for the inform-
ation of Senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand the bill
to be taken up for consideration?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir. It is
only on its first reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro te?nporc. It is not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
hearing the bill read; but I shall certainly object
to taking up for action a measure authorizing a
debt of $20,000,000 to be incurred without any
consideration. I think it altogether too important
a matter to be treated in that way.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not desire to consume
time. Any Senator, if he chooses, can have it
laid over. "Will the Senate agree to make it the
special order for to-morrow, at one o'clock, and
let us come here and dispose of it then? Of course
it will be printed, under the rules of the Senate.
Can we take it up for the purpose of making it
