114$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
MISSOURI AND COLUMBIA RlVE&S.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill for the construction of a wagon road
connecting1 the navigable waters of the Missouri
and Columbia rivers; which was read a first and
second tune, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PUBLIC LAND SURVEYS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill to authorize augmented rates for sur-
veying; the public iapds in tne Territory of Wash-
ington; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CHARLES B. MASON.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Charles H. Mason;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
RESOLUTIONS OF WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, presented
joint resolutions of the Territorial Legislature of
Washington relative to making Vancouveraport
of delivery; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed
Also, joint resolutions of the Territorial Legis-
lature of Washington relative to the erection of
a marine hospital in that Territory; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, joint resolutions of the Territorial Legis-
lature of Washington asking a donation of the
public lands for the erection of a lunatic asylum;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
LANDS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS IN KANSAS.
Mr. PARROTT introduced a bill to donate por-
tions of the public lands .0 actual settlers in Kan-
sas Territory; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
RAILROADS IN KANSAS.
Mr. PARROTT introduced a bill to aid the Ter-
ritory of Kansas in the construction of certain
railroads, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second tune, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS, ETC.
Mr. PARROTT, also introduced a bill to amend
the act of 4th September, 1841, entitled 4< An act
to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, and to grant preemption rights;"
which was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public lands.
SURVEYOR GENERAL, ETC.
Mr. PARROTT also introduced a hill to amend
an act entitled " An act to establish the offices of
surveyor general m New Mexico, Kansas, and
Nebraska, to grant donations of lands to actual
settlers therein, and for other purposes;'5 which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
MILITARY ROADS IN KANSAS.
Mr. PARROTT also introduced a bill making
appropriations for the repair of certain military
roads in Kansas Territory; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
PRISON FOR KANSAS.
Mr. PARROTT also introduced a bill making
appropriations for the erection of a public prison
in Kansas Territory; which was read a first and
sec&nd time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
BILLS ON THE SPEAKER^ TABLE.
Mr. KINGSBURY asked leave again to present
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the House take up the Senate bills lying
on the Speaker'* table, and refer them to their appropriate
committee-, immediately after the House shall have com-
pleted lib present oider of buMiiess.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, objected.
BILLS IN REFERENCE TO NEBRASKA.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The Delegate from
Nebraska is unable to be in Ins seat, being sick
at hU hotel. He has sent mc four bills and joint
resolutions, which he requests me to present for
him, all referring to territorial matters.
No objection being made,
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, introduced the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution for Mr. Fergu-
son, of Nebraska; which were severally read a
first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill to complete the capitol buildings of Ne-
braska Territory. Referred to the Committee on
Territories.
A bill to authorize the Secretary of War to set-
tle and adjust the expenses incurred in defending
the frontier settlements of Nebraska against the
Indians in the year 1855. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
A bill for the relief of Monroe D. Downs. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution authorizing the accounting
officers of the Treasury to adjust the expenses of
the board of commissioners appointed under a
joint resolution of the Territorial Assembly of
Nebraska to prepare a code of laws for the gov-
ernment of said Territory. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
CAPTAIN HIRAM PAULDING.
Mr. FOSTER introduced a joint resolution
tendering the thanks of Congress to Captain Hi-
ram Paulding; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Has notice of that
resolution been given?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
it has.
The resolution was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER.. Is it in order to fix a day for
the consideration of that resolution?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous conscnt.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Is this a proper
time to move a substitute for the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not before
the House for amendment.
COST OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. CRAGTN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Supeiintendentof Public Prmtingbe
requested to report to this House the aggregate cost of the
public printing, including cost of paper, binding* engraving,
lithographing, and eleotrotypuig, ordered by the Thirty-
Third Congress; and al^o the aggregate cost of the same
ordered by the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
PREVENTION OF THE COOLY TRADE.
Mr. WALTON asked unanimous consent-to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiuctcd to report a bill more effectually to prevent the slave
tiade, under guise of the "eooly tiade," so-called, or of
l- apprentices" or of " African labor importation compa-
nies,5' or tinder any other name. 01 in any other words, the
real purpose or effect of which may be, directly or indi-
rectly, immediately or ultimately, to make slaves of the per-
sons so procured and transported.
Mr. HOUSTON objected.
CHANGE IN NAMES OF VESSELS.
Mr. COMINS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
^Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasury be directed
to communicate to ttie House of Repie.-entatives the num-
ber of vessels the names of which have been changed under
the act of March 5, 1856, entitled " An act authorizing the
Secrotaiv ot the Treasuiv to change the names of vessels
111 certain casesalso, by whom buch vessels- were owned
at the tun * of the change of names, and how many of
such vessels have been lost or foundered at sea ; and, also,
the reasons aligned for changing filename ot the late Uni-
ted States mail steamship George Law, to that of Central
America.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT BOSTON.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, introduced a
bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
! ascertain and pay the balance due on a tract of
i land heretofore ceded for the purpose of a marine
! hospital for the district of Boston and Charlos-
I town, to the credit of the naval hospital fund;
I which was read a first and second time, and re-
j ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
' RESOLUTIONS OF NEW YORK LEGISLATURE.
i
! Mr. KiiLSEYpresented concurrent resolutions
I of the State of New York, in favor of granting
j pensions to the surviving'soldiers of Indian wars,
! from 1791 to 1795; which were laid upon the table,
1 and ordered to be printed.
Also, concurrent resolutions of the same body,
in reference to the distribution of arms to the mi-
litia of the several Slates; which were referred to
the Committee oil the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. MORGAN. I offer the same joint resolu-
tion, respecting the distribution of certain public
documents, which was presented just now by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.) Ob-
jection is withdrawn.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I would like to inquire what
will be the effect of that joint resolution?
Mr. MORGAN. In reply to the gentleman's
inquiry, I will say litis: by resolution of the last
Congress, two hundred and thirty-five copies of
public documents were placed in the hands of the
Secretary of the Interior for distribution among
the congressional.districts. The Secretary of the
Interior sent seven copies to the sfeven Territories,
and gave two to the District of Columbia, taking
out, m all, nine copies. The consequence was,
that nine congressional districts have been left
without copies, and this joint resolution is to sup-
ply the deficiency. The books are all on hand,
and have not to be published.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, introduced a bill
to amend an act en titled "An act to establish a court
for the investigation of claims against the United
States;" which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAY OF THE ARMY AND NAVY.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, also introduced
a bill to regulate and equalize the pay of the Navy
and Army; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
INSTITUTION FOR PROMOTION OF SCIENCE.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, also introduced
a bill for the relief of the National Institute for
the Promotion of Science; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT OF 1857.
Mr. RUSSELL offered the following resolu-
tion;
Resolved, That the Committee oil Plinting be instructed
to report to this ITon-c the proppr nnmber of copied ot tlie
mechanical branch of the Patent Office leport of 1857 to ba
printed for the use of this House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
NEW YORK. BARGE OFFICE,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE introduced a bill
making an appropriation for strengthening and
securing the foundations of the United States
barge office in the city of New York; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
LANDS FOR AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also presented reso-
lutions of the State Agricultural Society of the
State of New York, for the distribution of certain
portions of the public lands to the Slates and Ter-
ritories, for the benefit of agricultural colleges
therein; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
CONVENTION OF ARTISTS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Whereas, a convention of delegates from the fiifferent
art institutions of the United States is to be held m the city
of Washington on the 20th day of March. 1«8: Therefoie,
Resolved, Th.it the convention be allowed the use of the
old Hail of Representatives for its meetings.
Mr. BURNETT objected.
NEW YORK AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.
Mr. HATCH. I hold in my hand resolutions
of the Agricultural Society of the Slate of New
York, and I desire to have them read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
