1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the special order to-morrow, atone o'clock, and
have it printed in the mean time?
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope no order will be made
in regard to the bill until we have had an oppor-
tunity to read it. I think it very singular that
when, on the 8th day of the month, there was a
report from the Secretary of the Treasury, telling
us that he had sufficient means within his control
to last until the 30th of June next, and leave a
balance of half a million at that time, he should,
in seven days after, come in, without anything
intervening that I know of, and ask for a loan of
$20,000,000.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will look at the annual report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, he will find that the
Secretary said he should ask for the issue of
$20,000,000 of Treasury notes.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not read the report
all through, and that is the reason why I desire
to read it and this bill before I act; but I have
read the report as far as the figures go. I know
that the Secretary of the Treasury reports that
he had a balance in his hands, on the 1st of Octo-
ber, of about fourteen or fifteen million dollars.
I know, also, that two thirds, or nearly three
fourths, of the quarter in which he estimated that
he should receive $12,250,000, had already passed
before this report came in; and the amount re-
ceived in that time, with the §15,000,000 he had
on hand, would reach $27,000,000. I do not know
how much he has expended: I do not profess to
know, because I have not read the report. But
he estimated the expenditures for the last nine
months at fifty-one million dollars—about seven-
teen millions for three months. If the estimates
that he made last week are right, he must have
$10,000,000 to-day; but there may have been some
extraordinary demands upon the Treasury. I
know, from what I see in the newspapers, that
he has purchased some two or three millions of
the funded debt—I should think nearly three mil-
lions. That would leave six or seven millions.
Now, I should like to make some inquiries; but
I do not wish to be forced to place myself before
the Senate in the position of catechising the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance on a subject of
this kind until I have read the bill. I want to
know what it is.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not asking the Senator
to act on it now. I merely propose that we
make it the special order for to-morrow at one
o'clock, and have it printed. We can take it
into consideration then. If the Senator from
Rhode Island should think it proper to oppose
the bill he can be heard, and the Senate can, if
they choose, refuse to pass it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not willing to consent
to anything until I can read the bill. I am ready
to hear the bill read now for the information of
Senators, but I do not like to have what a worthy
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] used to say
was a "snap judgment," in the Senate. I desire
a little time to read a bill of this magnitude. I
want to know what is meant by continuing the
issue of these $20,000,000 of Treasury notes. I
do not know what that is yet.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose that, unless by
unanimous consent it be waived, every bill which
is introduced must be read when it is first pre-
sented. I desire to hear this bill before we decide
whether to take it up or otherwise.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of course
any Senator has a right to call for the reading of
the bill. It will be read.
The Secretary read the bill; and it was ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Rhode
Island objects to the bill being read a second time
to-day, it must be laid over until to-morrow. I
do not know that it is necessary to make it the
special order, as, I presume, if I make a motion
to-morrow to take it up, a majority of the Sen-
ate can take it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. That being the rule, I give
notice that I shall move at one o clock to-morrow,
or as soon as the morning business may be dis-
posed of, to take up this bill for consideration.
In the mean time, it will be printed under the
rule.
ELECTION OP PUBLIC PRINTER.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the Senate will pro-
ceed, in pursuance of the order adopted yester-
day, to elect a Public Printer.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is it possible
to amend the original resolution providing for the
election of a Printer?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cannot
be done without a reconsideration of the original
resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The amend-
ment which I desire to have made is the addition
of this proviso to the resolution:
Provided, however, That this election of a 1'ubiic Printer
is made on the express condition that the right is reserved
in Congress to modify or repeal any or all existing laws on
the subject of public printing if it shall be deemed proper,
and th<it no loss or damage to the person or parties elected
as Public Printer which may be alleged to have been sus-
tained by reason of such modification or repeal shall be
allowed as constituting any claim for indemnity against
Congress.
The House of Representatives, I understand,
attached a proviso of this kind to their resolution
providing for the election of a Public Printer on
their part; and this suggested to me the propriety
of our pursuing the same course. It is quite
possible that during the present session Congress
may deem it proper to repeal or modify the ex-
isting printing laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Arkansas that
the only way for him to reach his object is by a
reconsideration of the resolution adopted yester-
day providing for the election of a Public Printer
to-day at one o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to re-
consider the vote by which that resolution was
adopted, with a view of offering my amendment.
The amendment is, I think, proper, if not abso-
lutely necessary. I regard it as probable, though
of course not certain, that our printing laws will
be changed before the close of the present session
of Congress. If we now elect a PuWic Printer,
without reserving to ourselves the right to change
the prices or make any other modification of the
law, we may be precluded from making such
changes hereafter; or at any rate it may be con-
tended that we have entered into a contract which
we cannot modify without the consent of the
other party to it.
Mr. ALLEN. I offered the resolution which
was adopted yesterday, and 1 second the motion
for a reconsideration.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
submitted yesterday by the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Allex] is now before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I oiler the
amendment which I read afew romutcsago. Per-
haps the Senator from Rhode Island will accept it.
Mr. ALLEN. I accept the amendment.
Mr. STUART. I only desire to save what I
think are the rights of Congress. So far as any
inference may be drawn from this amendment
that Congress without it would not have a full
and unquestioned right to do what the amend-
ment reserves, I entertain no doubt whatever.
We have that right under the law as it stands.
I have, however, no objection to the amendment.
Hereafter if any question should arise as to print-
ing that has been done heretofore, some argument
might be drawn from the fact of our having taken
this precaution. Against that I wish to protest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mich-
igan has expressed precisely my views on this
question. I think tiie power of Congress over
the prices to be paid for the public printing is
complete without any such proviso as that pre-
sented by the Senator from Arkansas. I have no
objection to the proviso as a matter of precaution
and to prevent our being troubled with claims
hereafter; but the idea that because Congress ap-
points a Public Printer, and the rates for printing
arc established by law at the time of his election,
Congress cannot by a subsequent law regulate
those rates, is as unsound to my mind as it would
be to say that Congress cannot regulate the fees I
of public officers of the United States throughout
the country. So far as the salaries of the United
States judges are concerned, I am aware that
there is a constitutional provision preventing their
diminution; but as to the fees of ail other Federal
officers, I suppose they are entirely within the
power of Congress to be regulated as in its judg-
ment may be deemed best at any time. We have
entire control over the prices paid for public
printing without this proviso.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I believe the
proviso will do no harm. No doubt the protest
entered, by the gentlemen will have great effect
hereafter, and I think it is well they have put it
in; but for greater caution, this proviso should
be inserted. It is certain that the members of the
House of Representatives have already adopted
this course. I believe that it will leave us free
without any room being left for the allegation
that our hands are bound in the opinion of those
who differ from the views of the gentlemen who
have spoken. I wish to propose a furtheramend-
ment to the resolution of the Senator .from Rhode
Island, by striking outthe words " to-morrow at
one o'clock," and inserting " now."
Mr. ALLEN. I accept that.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted, as
follows:
Ordered, That the Senate will now proceed to the elec-
tion of a Public Printer, to do the public printing for the
Thirty-Fifth Congress, m accordance with the eighth sec-
tion of the "Act to provide for executing the public printing,
and establishing the pnees thereof, and for other purposes,"
approved the 26th of August, 1852: Provided, however,
That this election of a Public Printer is made on the express
condition that the right is reserved in Congress to modity or
repeal any or all existing laws on the subject of public punt-
ing, if it shall be deemed proper; and that no loss or damago
to the person orparties elected as Public Printer, which may
be alleged to liave been sustained by reason of such mod-
ification or repeal, shall be allowed as constituting any claim
for indemnity against Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators will
please prepare their ballots for Public Printer.
The ballots were collected and canvassed, and
the result about to be announced, when—
Mr. HAMLIN. I was out at the time of the
balloting, but I suppose I have a right to vote. I
rise for the purpose of inquiring whether I have
that right?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule, there is ground for presuming that a Senator
is entitled to vote at any time before the result is
announced; but the Chair thinks that after all the
ballots have been deposited and counted it is not
in order for any Senator to vote. The Chair,
however, is riot very conversant with the rules,
and will be entirely under the control of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. HAMLIN. The vote has not been de-
clared.
Mr. STUART. The Senator has a right to
vote at any time before the result is announced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks otherwise; but he will submit the question
to the Senate. Shall the Senator from Maine be
permitted to vote ?
The question was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to state that 1 have
not voted at all, and do not intend to vote on this
question for reasons satisfactory to myself, but
which I presume it is not necessary to state "here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore' announced the
result, as follows:
Whole number of votes cast, 49; necessary to
a choice, 25; of which
William A. Harris received 28
Geoige M. Weston 18
John C. Rives    1
Cornelius Wendell    1
Blank '  1
William A. Harris having received a majority
of the votes cast, was declared to be duly elected
Printer to the Senate for the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress.
_ EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 17, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. A. G. Carotiiers, of the Assembly's
church.
DEATH OF HON. JOHN G. MONTGOMERY.
Mr. LEIDY. Mr. Speaker, it has become my
duty to-day to announce to you and to this Ho use
the death of my immediate predecessor, the Hon.
John Gr. Montgomery, a member elect of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress for the twelfth district of
the State of Pennsylvania. Mr. Moktsomert
