2174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Sebastian reservation, reported that no legislation
is necessary,and that the committee be discharged
from the farther consideration of the subject.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 323) to confirm the
sale of the'reservation held by the Christian In-
dians, and to provide a permanent home for said
Indians, repoited it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred sundry papers relating to Indian
superintendences in Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritories, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of San-
tiago E. Arguello, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 370) for the relief of Gua-
dalupe Estudillo de Arguello, widow of Santiago
E. Arguello. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
lie also, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the petition of Virginia
Watdron, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. POSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petition of Jo-
seph Morrow, the memorial of Ebenezer Watson,
the memorial of Lydia Weeks, and the petition
of John Drout, reported adversely thereon, and
that the committee be discharged from their fui ther
consideration.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of Anna Addison and
the memorial of Sarah A. Watson, reported that
the committee be discharged from 'their further
consideration, and that they lie on the table, inas-
much as the committee have already reported a
general bill covering these cases.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Anthony W.
Bayard, submitted a leport, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 371) for the relief of Anthony W. .Bay-
ard. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr.lVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of George J.
Knight, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S.No.374) for the relief of George J. Knight.
The bill was read,and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were refeired a report of the Court of
Claims in the case of Robert Harrison; a report
of the Court of Claims in the case of Letitia Hum-
phreys; and a memorial of Letitia Humphreys,
administratrix of Andiew Atkinson, deceased,
Robert Harrison and others, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 373) declaratory of
the aets for carrying into effect the ninth article
of the treaty of 1811), between the United States
and Spain. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordeted to be
prin ted.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No.
542) to authorize the vestry of Washington par-
ish to take and inclose certain parts of streets m
Washington city, for the purpose of extending
the Washington cemetery, and for other pur-
poses; also a bill for the relief of John R. Tem-
ple, of Louisiana; which thereupon received the
signature of the Vice President.
BRITISH AGGRESSIONS.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution of instruction, and ask for its
present consideration:
Revolved, That tlie Committee on Foreign Relations be
itifetiucred fo inquire whether any legislation is neeesbdiy
to enable the President of the United Suites to protect
Amencan vessels against ISnu-sh a^rc^sion in the Gulf of
Mexico oi elsewhere, and to rcpoit by bill or otheiwi&e.
Mr. MASON. I observe that a call for inform-
ation has been made on this subject by some Sen-
ator, I do not remember who, a day or two since,
which has not yet been answered.
Mr. SEWARD. It was the Senator from In-
diana, [M.i\ Bright.]
Mr. MASON. I have had no communication
from the Department, and I think this resolution
nught as well go over.
Mr. SEWARD. It is merely an instruction to
the committee to inquire whether anything is to
be done. These aggressions are intolerable. Al-
ready eleven vessels have been fired upon in the
Gulf of Mexico. The resolution is merely an in-
struction to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
as the session is wearing away, to inquire if any
legislation is necessary. We shall have an answer
to-morrow, I understand, to the resolution of the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MASON. We have no information on this
subject; at least I have none except that which
comes from the newspapers—not of a character,
of course, for the Senate to act upon; and a call
upon the committee to inquire whetherany further
legislation is necessary would seem to take it for
granted, by implication at least, that a foundation
bad been laid. I agree with the Senator that, if the
facts be true, they involve matters of very grave
inquiry between the two countries; but I should
be reluctant to assume any fact on a matter of
such serious importance. I think the resolution
had better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLINGMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
369) to amend an act entitled "An act making
appropiiations for the currentand contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department," approved July
30, 1854; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CLINGMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 40) in favor of certain Cherokees;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to Introduce a bill (S. No.
375) to create two additional land districts in the
Territory of Washington; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
372) to settle the titles to certain lands belonging
to the half-breed Kansas Indians in Kansas Ter-
ritory; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This bill is based on a
printed copy of a letter addressed by the Secre-
tary of the Intnior to Colonel Okr, Speaker of
the House of Representatives; and without com-
mitting myself to the provisions of the bill, I
merely introduce it for the purpose of reference.
The bill was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. BIGLER, The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (No. 26) from the House of Rep-
resentatives,authorizing the arrangement and dis-
posal of public buildings in the city of Philadel-
phia, have instructed me to report a substitute for
the whole resolution. As this proposition is en-
tirely satisfactory, I hope the Senate will indulge
me in its consideration and passage at this time.
I hope there will be no objection to it. It will oc-
cupy but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider at this time an amendment to
a bill reported from the Post Office Committee. Is
there objection ?
Mr. BIGLER. I hope there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. YULEE. I hope my friend will excuse
me for objecting until I get a little matter disposed
of.
The VICE PRESIDENT Objection being
made, the report lies over.
PATENT OFFICE.
Air. YULEE. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (No. 180) to which I invited the attention of
the Senate last week. I think it can be disposed
of before the hour'of twelve, or very nearly so.
It relates entirely to the internal administration
of the Patent Office, and is essential to enable it to
preserve Us character as a self-sustaining depart-
ment. I think there will be no objection whatever
to the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not object if the Sen-
ator will promise to lay itdown attwelve o'clock.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
180) to amend the several acts now in force in re-
lation to the Patent Office, was read a second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. YULEE. This bill was reported by the
late Senator Evans from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, and there is great anx-
iety on the part of the Interior Department and the
Commissioner of Patents that it should receive
the action of Congress at this session. Unless it
is disposed of during this week, it is not likely that
the House of Representatives will be able to reach
it. It is therefore very desirable that it should
pass this week. The sections, I think, will ex-
plain themselves. I shall say nothing in respect
to the bill, unless upon any particular point ex-
planation may be desired.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill by sec-
tions. When he read the following clause of the
fourth section:
u The salary of each examiner m chief shall be $2,750"—
Mr. YULEE said: I am directed by the com-
mittee to move to change that to $3,000, it being
their opinion that officers of the character required
by the duties imposed by this bill cannot be had
at a salary of less than three thousand dollars.
The House committee have reported $3,500, but
the Senate committee think $3,000 sufficient.
Mr. HALE. 1 thought the bill was to be read
through for information, and not foramendment.
Mr. YULEE. I was suggesting the amend-
ments of the committee as the sections came up
in their order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be more reg-
ular to read the bill through.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived to call up the special order, which it is the
duty of the Chair to do.
Mr. YULEE. I think the bill can be disposed
of m the next five minutes.
Mr. KING. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. We can take it up to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first special
order is the joint resolution for the presentation
of a medal to Commodore Hiram Paulding.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. YULEE. As this bill is now in progress
before the Senate, and has been read, and the at-
tention of the Senate called to it, I think it proba-
ble that no objection can properly occur from Sen-
ators to any part of the bill, and 1 trust the Senate
will permit it to pass.
Mr. COLLAMER. The bill which has just
been read cannot be passed now.
Mr. YULEE. If that is the case, I have no
objection to the postponement.
The bill was postponed until to-morrow.
DR VISSER AND VILLARUBTA.
The resolution offered by Mr. KING, on Sat-
urday was taken up and amended, on his motion,
so as to read:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be diiected
to communicate to the Senate what proceedings, if any,
have been taken to investigate, by that Depaitment, finud*
upon the levetme by false invoices and faNe computations
oi quantities and values, by a partner of the connneicial
hoiife of Simon De Visser & Jos-e Villarubia, of New Oi-
leans; and whether there be any reason to impute compli-
city m thefiauds to any officeis of the customs.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I renew my motion to post-,
pone the prior orders.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to inquire if to-morrow
morning,upon the expiration of the morning busi-
ness, and during the morning hour, the biil in re-
lation to the Patent Office will take precedence as
a matter of course ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not, unless it be called up on motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Is that a bar-
gain? I should like to understand how it is.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia to allow me to get rid of the little bill for
the running of the Texas boundary. If there be
one word of'debate on it, I will agree to let it go
over.
