im
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....!1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bigler.
Senate.
eleverto 'elocfcd&ily, and allow time for gentlemen
_• to speak. I do not speak for myself. I speak for
" hJy; friends. I have myself trespassed sojong
upon the time of the Senate that I feel as if I
. ought to speak for ray friends, and ask an oppor-
tunity-.thatl they should be heard. I fear, if it
shall not be allowed, I shall feel I have trespassed
upon time when they ought to have been heard
instead of myself.
The'VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Foster,] to postpone the further consideration of
this bill until half past twelve o'clock to-morrow,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9; nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderiek, Clark, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Polk, and Wilson—9.
NAYS—Mes>rs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Fitch,Green,Gwin, Hammond, Johnson 01 Arkan-
sas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory, Pugh, Sebas-
tian, Sliclell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wright
—20.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no quorum
voting.
Mr. GsREEN. I move that the absentees be
called.
Mr. TOOlVfiBS. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to request the absentees to at-
tend. It is now early in the morning, and I make
that motion that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to roquest them to attend to their senatorial duties.
Mr. HALE. I do not know what the circum-
stances are that require that motion now, when it
was considered so improper a little while ago.
I made that motion when I first came into the
Chamber.
Mr. JONES. There was a quorum then, and
there is not now.
Mr. HALE.' 1 am speaking to the Chair. I
want that rule in regard to speaking across the
Chamber enforced. The obligation lsupon Sen-
ators to attend here as much when there is a quo-
rum as when there is not.. I want to say a single
word on a suggestion thrown out upon this subject
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] He
seemed to infer that because the Constitution and
the rule of the Senate said that a less number than
a majority might compel the attendance of absent
members, that that precluded the idea that a ma-
jority could do it; that as the express power was
given to a less' number thap a majority to com-
pel the attendance of absent members, a majority
could not do it. That was the argument. Now,
sir, if that honorable Senator will look into it he
will see that that same provision of the Conslitu-
tion and the rule which gives to the Senate, or
gives to a less number than a majority, the right
to call for the attendance of absent members, also
gives the same power to a lees number than a
majority to adjourn, and if the adjournment be
good 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion of order before ihe body. There is no quo-
rum present and the Chair docs not think it proper
for the Senator to make a speech on a question of
order when there is no question of order before
the body, and no quorum present. The Senate
can adjourn or obtain a quorum for action on
business.
Mr. HALE. I beg pardon of the Chair. Of
course Isubmit to what the Chair says with great
deference; but I contend that if the Constitution
gives us power, being less than a minority, to en-
tertaia a motion, we have a right to discuss it.
The Chair was about to put a motion to the Sen-
ate, and that was whether the Sergeant-at-Arms
be directed to request the attendance of absent
members.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion of order before the Senate. The Chair can-
not see what question the Senator is speaking to.
The Chair entertained a motion 
Mr. HALE. I am addressing myself to that
motion. I am against that motion, and I was
arguing that motion. My point of order is this:
that if the Senate can entertain it, it can be argued.
If I have got to vote( for it, I have a l ight to give
the reasons why I vote. The Chair entertains the
motion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, of
course, will hear any suggestions, but it occurs
to him that it is hardly a debatable proposition.
When the Senate finds itself without a quorum,
the Senate can take measures to enforce the at-
tendance of a quorum or majority.
Mr. HALE. The Constitution confers on us
power to entertain this motion. A majority of
that minority may be against it, and does the
Chair decide that this motion which the Consti-
tution gives us the power to entertain, may not
be debated ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
given no decision. He has expressed his impres-
sion on that subject.
Mr. HALE. The Chair knows the rules of
order so much better than I do, that I should con-
sider a suggestion of the Chair of more weight
than my own conviction; but I move that the
Senate adjourn, That is in order.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senate should now ad-
journ, I would ask if this subject goes over as the
unfinished business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr.,SLIDELL. I do not know whether it
would be strictly in order to speak of what has
passed elsewhere; but I came here to-night, as
mostgentlemen associated with me in politics did,
not with the expectation of getting a vote, but in
the hope that gentlemen on both sides of the
Chamber would, until a very late hour of the
evening, address the Chair, and go far towards
exhausting the argument on this subject. I am
satisfied now that nothing is to be gained by re-
maining at this hour of the night longer. I think
we shall economize our time by an adjournment,
and, although I am a very strict disciplinarian, I
think I am bound to look at the circumstances in
the case. I shall vote for the adjournment, satis-
fied that we are losing our time, and probably pro-
ducing unpleasant feeling, and not attaining any
good results.
Mr. TOOMBS. As the gentleman has said a
word, I hope 1 shall be allowed to say something
too. I think the order which has been taken by
the majority of the Senate, who are responsible
for the public business, ought to be observed by
those who paiticipated in passing it, or who hold
themselves bound by its action. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to make a single state-
ment.
Mr. PUGH. I object. Let us stick to the rules
of order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only want to say, that if
the suggestion of the Senator from Louisiana be
carried out, it will load to an amicable adjustment
of the matter.
The Secretary proceeded and called the roll.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 wish to change my vote. I
did hotcxpectto find myselfin the same company
in which I am. [Laughter.] I therefore change
my vote. I vote " nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 15, nays
20; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bioderiek, Chandler, Olatk, Dixon,
Doohttle, Fcssendoii, Foster, little, Hamlin, Italian. King,
Polk, Sewaid, Wade, and Wilson—is.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Fitch, Green, Gvvin, Hammond, Johnson of Ark-
ansas, Johnson ot'Tonoe&see, Jones, Malloiy, Pugli, Sebas-
tian, Slideil, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wriglil
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. BRODERICK. I move that the Senate
take a recess until twelve to-morrow, or to-day,
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FITCH. I submit that the motion is not
in order; because it is a motion to take a recess to
the same time at which the Senate meet.
Mr. BIIODERICK. Then I will make it a
motion to take a recess until half past eleven
o'clock to-morrow; and on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Broderiek, Chandler, Clark, Dixon,
Doolittle, Foster, Hamlin. Harlan, and Wilson—9.
NAYS—MYssis. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Filth; Gieen, Gvvin, Hammond, Johnson of Ark-
ansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory, Polk, Pugh,
Sebastian. Shdell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and
Wngiit—2J.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. It is perfectly evident that we can-
not get through with this bill to-night; It is now
past two o'clock.
Mr PUGH. I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
.The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderiek, Chandler, Clark, Doolittle,
Foster, Harlan, and Wilson—7.
NAY'S—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory, Polk, Pugh,
Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and
Wright—21.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. PUGH. 1 suppose the motion of the Sen-
ator from Georgia is now in order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I renew my motion, as it is
now in order, that the Sergeant-at-Arms be di-
rected to request the attendance of the absent
members.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays on
the motion; and they were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move, as an amend-
ment, that he be ordered to bring'in every absentee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
direct them all to appear in the Senate Chamber.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bisler,
Brown,Pitch, Green,Gvvin, Hammond, Johnson of Aikan-
sas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory, Polty Pugh,
Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and
Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Broderiek, Chandler, Doolittle, Foster,
Hamlin, Harlan, and Wilson—7.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will direct the order of the Senate to be ex-
ecuted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that there be a
reccss until eleven o'clock, in order to allow him
an opportunity to bring in the absentees.
Mr. PUGH. I would like to know whether
that motion is in order? Our power, as a minor-
ity, is to adjourn from day to day, and compel the
attendance of absent members; but we cannot take
a recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair doubts
whether it is in order, for another reason. There
is a motion to postpone the consideration of this
subject pending, upon which no quorum voted,
and that will be the question properly before the
Senate when there is a quorum.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A motion to adjourn would
be in order. I simply ask for a recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to ad-
journ would be in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and nays
on the motion; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas S, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderiek, Chandler, Clark, DooHttle,
Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, and Wilson—8.
^ NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Fiteh,
Green, Gwin, Hammond. Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson
of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory, Polk, Pugli, Sebastian, Sli-
dell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wright—ID.
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe nothing would be in
order now until the Sergeant-at-Arms has exe-
cuted the order of the Senate; but I suppose a little
speaking would be in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No business can
be transacted in the absence of a quorum; but the
Chair will not interrupt any one in making a
speech.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then it will be in "order for my
friend from Pennsylvania to make his speech.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, whilst the Ser-
geant-at-Arms is bringing in the absentees, if
there be no objection, I will speak to the main
question. [" No objection." "Goon."]
Mr. President, I had not intended to discuss
this subject further, and I do not now intend to do
so at any considerable length. My object is to
make myself understood on a few practical points;
to make a record of a few additional ideas for my
own use hereafter. At an early date in the ses-
sion I pursued this vexed controversy at some
length, and I need not now repeat its general his-
tory. First, then, as to the legality and regularity
of the proceedings for the organization of Kansas
as a State: I think, as to these, there can no longer
