64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IT.
was born in Paradise, then in Northumberland
county, in the State of Pennsylvania, in the year
1805. Whenhehad attainedaproperage—having
pursued his preparatory studies in the vicinity
of his home'—he entered Washington College, in
Washington county, at which institution he grad-
uated with honor in 1824,1 believe a member of
the same class with Governor Wise, of Virginia.
Having completed his collegiate course, he im-
mediately commenced the study of the law under
the direction and instruction of the Hon. Alem
Marr, formerly a member of this House, and a
gentleman of deservedly high reputation as well
for his legal learning and talents as for general
intelligence. In the year 1826, he was admitted
to practice in the several courts of Columbia
county, and soon rose to an honorable standing
in his profession. Shortly after his admission to
the bar, he was appointed district attorney for the
county of Columbia, and for several years con-
tinued to discharge the duties of that office with
credit to himself and to the entire satisfaction of
the public. He continued the practice of the law
successfully, until the year 1855, when he reluc-
tantly consented to become a candidate for mem-
ber of the State Legislature; was nominated and
elected; and so well did he discharge the duties
of that office, so ably acquit himself as a legis-
lator, that before the expiration of his first term,
the public mind had fixed upon him as the next
Representative for the district on this floor.
Immediately after his return from the Legis-
lature, he was appointed a delegate to the Cincin-
nati Convention, in which he zealously labored
for, and aided in, the nomination of our present
Chief Magistrate, having been one of his earliest
and firmest friends.
When the time for making a congressional nom-
ination in the district arrived, he"was nominated
as the Democratic candidate for Congress for the
twelfth district; and, at the ensuing election m
October, 1856, was triumphantly elected by a ma-
jority exceeding 2,000; the largest majority which
any candidate for Congress had received in the
district for many years.
About the 1st of March, 1857, he visited Wash-
ington for the purpose of witnessing the ceremo-
nies of the inauguration, and also of attending to
the interests of his constituents at the organiza-
tion of the new Administration; and while here,
stopping at the National Hotel, contracted that
mysterious disease which has proved fatal to so
many of the sojourners in this city oil that oc-
casion. He remained here a few days after the
first symptons of the disease manifested them-
selves, and finding that he was still growing
wotse, he returned to his home in Danville, to
avail himself of the kind attentions of his family,
and the services of his family physician in whose
skill he had the most unbounded confidence, in
the hope of a speedy restoration to health. But
in this he was disappointed; and after lingering
for nearly two months, his disease baffling all
medical skill, he departed this life on the 21th of
April, 1857.
Mr. Moktcombry was a sound iawyerand able
advocate, and well versed in ail the general polit-
ical questions of his day. He was feailess and
fiee in the expression of his opinions, firm ill his
adherence to, and defense of, what he believed to
be truth, and bold and uncompromising in com-
bating error. He was a kind husband and father,
a true friend,an estimable citizen, an honest man.
I have thus briefly sketched so much of the his-
tory of his life and character as is proper for this
time and place.
1 may, however, be permitted to add, that, in
the death of Mr. Montgomery, not onlyhave his
family and friends suffered a most melancholy be-
reavement, but the people of his district, his con-
stituents, who had so recently given him a most
flattering testimonial of their confidence, have sus-
tained a loss which they deeply feci and sincerely
deplore. They have been deprived of the ser-
vices of one whose eminent talents would have
soon gained for him an honorable position on this
floor, and whose integrity and social qualities
would have secured for him the confidence and
esteem of his fellow-members.
I stand not here to pronounce his eulogy; but,
having known him intimately for many years, in
all the relations of life, civil, social, and profes-
sional, I would here bear testimony to his worth
as a eitiaan, his virtues as a man.
Mr. Montgomery, at the time ef his death, was
about fifty-two years of age. He had entered
upon public life with a mind well disciplined, :
and a judgment well matured, and with a consti- |
tution, physical and mental, which gave fair
promise of many years of usefulness and honor.
But, alas! how vain are all human expectations !
How uncertain all human hopes! With _ the
brightest prospects, and the highest hopes, in a
day when he looked not for it, and in an hour
when he thought not, he was stricken down by an
unseen hand. The grave, which never saith " it
is enough," claimed him as a victim. The dust
has returned to dust, and the spirit has gone to
God, who gave it. He is dead! How solemnly
this brief sentence falls upon the ear! How great,
how fearful the change which it indicates in the
condition of its subject! Yet only a few more
days, or a few more years, at most, shall have
passed away, and other lips will pronounce, con-
cerning each of us: " He is dead !"
Twice already, since our assembling here, have
we been called upon in this solemn manner tore-
member that we are mortal; and to-day, for the
third time, our thoughts are arrested and turned
to the contemplation of death, the grave, and the
future that lies beyond. May we all continually
heed the solemn admonition, so oft repeated, " Be
ye also ready."
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the House have heard with deep and un-
feigned regietofthe death of the Hon. John G. Montgom-
ery, a member elect of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, fiom the
twelfth congressional di&tuct ofPennsylvania.
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect for the memory
of the deceased, the officers and members of this House will
wear the usual badge of mourning lor thirty days.
Rcsofrcd, That the Clerk forward to the family of the
deceased a copy of these proceedings.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect to the mem-
ory of the deceased, thi*. House do now adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. The very limited acquaint-
ance that I had with my deceased colleague, the
Representt#ive from the Luzerne district, hardly
justifies me in rising at this time to say a word in
seconding the resolutions. That short acquaint-
ance, however, impressed me with the belief that,
in the performance of the duties of a Representa-
tive of the people of his district, he would prove to
have been a good selection—prove to be entirely
competent and equal to the fulfillment of those
important duties.
The suddenness of his decease, and the cause
which produced it, made him almost a martyr,
in political position, to the cause which he had
espoused; coming hero, as he did, to witness, to
himself and to the whole people of Pennsylvania,
an event, in their history, to whatever party they
may belong—the inauguration of a Pennsylvania
President—he contracted during that joyous trib-
ute to the distinguished gentleman who fills the
President's chair, a disease which was the cause
of his death. Sir, it warns us that in the midst of
life, ill the midst of health, surrounded though
wa maybe with all the comforts of life, the un-
erring shafts of death may pierce us next. It ad-
monishes us, 11 Be ye also ready, for in such an
hour as ye think not, the Son of man cometh."
1 second the resolutions. I concur entirely in
the tribute which has been paid to the memory
of this distinguished gentleman, and regretting
his decease, trust that the resolutions may pass.
Previously, however, without desiring to inter-
fere improperly on this mournful occasion, I would
propose, that when this House adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have no
doubt at all that this gentleman deserved all the
eulogies pronounced upon him by those who have
addressed the House this morning; but, sir, I am
impressed with the idea that to ad journ the House
on account of the decease of a member elect to
Congress who has never taken his seat, with
whom none of us have ever associated here, and
whom few, if any of us, residing out of Pennsyl-
vania, or perhaps out of his district, have ever
known, is certainly a wrong parliamentary pre-
cedent. It is the first time, during my congres-
sional services, that the attempt has been made
to fix the precedent of an adjournment of the
House on account of the death of one who has
never been sworn in as a member of Congress;
and I throw out the suggestion that if the prece-
dent has at any time been fixed, it ought not to
have been so fixed. I know of no such instance
within my recolleotion, but it may, nevertheless,
have been done. I think, sir, with all due respect
to the memory of the person who has died, that
we ought to fix some limit. Gentlemen who were
in the last Congress have departed this life. 1 can
now call to mind t\Vo with whom I have served;
and who, having been elected to this Congress,
have departed this life before they came here.
Now, sir, are we to adjourn from day to day, and
from time to time, upon notice being given of the
death of each of these gentlemen who have died ?
If so, we shall be upon the Christmas holidays
before we shall get at the public business at all.
I desire the gentleman from Pennsylvania dis-
tinctly to understand that in making these sug-
gestions, they do not spring from any indispo-
sition to show all proper respect to the memory
of the dead; but they do spring from a desire to
get at the work for which we are convened, and
for which we have left our homes and our fami-
lies, and for the purpose of setting a proper par-
liamentary practice.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The proceed-
ings now proposed are in conformity with the
precedents of the House and of the Senate, ever
since I have been a member of Congress. The
gentleman from Kentucky is in error in respect
to the precedents upon the subject. If the House
should refuse to adjourn to-day, it would be the
adoption of a new precedent. I think the old
precedents were good; that it is due to the mem-
ory of the deceased, even if we never saw him;
that itis due to the constituency who elected him,
that we should adopt the resolutions. I hope
that the House will conform to the precedents
heretofore established, and honor the memory of
the deceased by an adjournment.
Mr. ADRAIN. I concur in the remarks made
by the honorable gentleman from Georgia. I
have never had an acquaintance with the honor-
ablegentleman whose decease has been announced
this morning by his colleagues, and who ask, out
of respect to his memory, that we shall adjourn.
After that motion has been made, it is due to his
memory, it is due to his colleagues, itis due to the
great State of Pennsylvania, which he would have
represented upon this floor, it is due to ourselves,
out of respect to our own feelings and the occa-
sion, that we should adjourn.
As I am a new member here, I know nothing
in regard to the precedents upon the subject. It
is not the time now to establish precedents. If it
is proposed to adopt any other practice we may
do it after we have passed these resolutions, and
paid a proper tribute of respect to the memory of
the deceased. We may then adopt some rule as
to whether this House should adjourn or not, out
of respect to the memory of a deceased member
who has never taken his seat upon this floor.
But, sir, this is not the time. I therefore heartily
concur in the resolutions which have been offered,
and shall sustain them by my vote.
Several Members. Withdraw the motion to
adjourn over.
_ Mr. FLORENCE. I will withdraw the mo-
tion. Indeed, I made it from no want of respect
to the memory of my deceased colleague. But,
i sir, aware it is the general practice to adjourn from
j Thursday until Monday, at this period of the ses-
I sion, I made the motion. It is kno'wn there is
j considerable dissatisfaction with the arrange-
| ments in this Hall, and I understand that, by
, Monday, other accommodations will be provided.
I will have the candor to confess that I was actu-
ated in making the motion partly by a desire to
give members an opportunity to transact busi-
ness at the Departments. As it seems to be the
wish of gentlemen, however, that it should be
withdrawn, I am willing to withdraw the motion
I to adjourn over.
j Mr. LETCHER. I desire to have it done for
j this reason: I understand that there are severat
| more deaths to be announced to the House, and
it seems to me that if we adjourn over until Mon-
day, two or three, and possibly four days, may be
occupied next week with these announcements.
I desire that we shall get to the business of the
House; and it seems to me that there is no pro-
priety in adjourning over if we have business to
occupy our time to-morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my motion.
The resolutions were then unanimously adopt-
ed; and the House accordingly (atha'ifpast twelve
o'clock,m.) adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve,
m.
