THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session*.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1857.
New Series....No. 5.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 18, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of the sur-
viving soldiers of the third regiment, second bri-
gade, of the eleventh division of Massachusetts
militia in the last war with Great Britain, praying
to be allowed bounty land; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of John Went-
worth, of Maine, praying that the pension he
now receives may be made to commence from the
time of his discharge; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
Rufus Dwinel, assignee of James Thomas, de-
ceased, praying tp be allowed interest on the
amount of his claim; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Maine, in relation to the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States in the case
of Dred Scott; which were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Maine, in favor of a law imposing severe
penalties against the introduction or importation
into this country of foreign paupers and criminals;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented the petition of John Pope, a
captain in the Navy, praying to be allowed the
difference between the pay he received and that
allowed to the commander of a squadron, during
the time he performed the duties of that station;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Maine, in relation to the bounty on cod
fisheries; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Maine, in relation to the claims of citizens
of the United States to indemnity for French spo-
liations; which was ordered to lie on the table, j
and be printed. !
Mr. KING presented the memorial of the legal j
representatives of Seth Belknap, pray ing for pay-
ment for work done on the fortification on Dau-
phin Island, in Mobile bay; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, in favor of the rec-
ognition of Hayti and Liberia as sovereign and
independent States; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. B1GLER presented the petition of Ann
"W. Butler, administratrix of General Richard
Butler, complaining of what she thinks an unjust
decision of the Court of Claims, on the claim of
her intestate for money loaned and services ren-
dered the United States, during the revolutionary
war; which was referred to the Committee on j
Claims. i
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Mary j
B. Renner, executrix of Daniel Rentier, late of j
the firm of R'enner&Heath, praying for compen- J
sation for property destroyed by the British in j
.1814; which was referred to the Committee on j
Claims. ... I
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Eliphalet i
Brown, jr., a master's mate in the Japan expe-
dition, praying for compensation for services ren-
dered by him, as an artist, in that expedition;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Lemuel Worster, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on fensions.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Antotn L. C. Porthian, on
5
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of David Ogden, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles D.Maxwell, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Joseph K. Boyd, and the
memorial of Susan Decatur, with the papeis on the files of
the Senate, relating to the claims of the captors of the fri-
gate Philadelphia, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Franklin Pealc. on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered. That the petition of John Hughes, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the board of trustees of
public schools in the city of Washington, on the files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Michael Nash, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on,the
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Anthony S. Robinson,
heir of John II. Robm&on. on the files of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the paper* in the case of Michael Hanson,
of Massachusetts, on tnc files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
MOTIONS TO PRINT.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the memorials of the
Legislature of Missouri, yesterday presented by
him, were ordered to he printed.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the bill yesterday
introduced by Mr. Pugh, to provide for the im-
provement of navigation at the falls of the river
Ohio, was ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the establishment of
a navy-yard at the harbor of Ship Island, in the
Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. WRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to continue the im-
provement of the harbor of Newark, New Jer-
sey.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 14)
to confirm the title in a certain tract of land in the
State of Missouri to the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Thomas Maddin, deceased; which
was read twice by its title, and referred (with the
papers now on file relative to the case) to the
Committee on Private Land Claims. 4
Mr. DOUGLAS, m pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill
(S. No. 15) to authorize the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas to form a constitution and State
government, preparatory to their admission into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. GREEN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S.
No. 16) to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the payment of horses and other prop-
erty lost or destroyed in the military service of
the United States," approved March 3, 1849;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 1 <)
to divide the State of Indiana into two judicial
districts; and to provide for holding the district
and circuit courts of the United States therein;
which was read twice by its title and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. IYERSON submitted the following mo-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Ordered, That the reports and bills, together with the
adverse reports, heretofore received from the Court of
Claims and not finally acted upon; and the reports and bills,
together with the adverse reports received from the'Court
of Claims on she 10th instant, be referred to the Committee
on Claims, to consider and leport thereon,and that said re-
poits and bills be printed.
ISSUE OF A REGISTER.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of issuing a register to the
steamer Fearless.
BOMBARDMENT OF GREYTOWN.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if compatible
with the public interest, to communicate to the Senate
copies of any correspondence which may have taken place
between the Department of State and the Minister of Bre-
men, on the subject of claims for losses alleged to iiavebpen
sustained by subjects of the Hanse-Towns at the bombard-
ment of Grey town.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by him yesterday:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate all correspondence between himself or
any of the Departments, and any Governor or othei officer
or person in ihe employmentof the Government in Kansas
Territory, not heietofore communicated, together with all
orders and instructions which have been issued to the Gov-
ernor of the said Teintory, or any other officer or person in
said Teintory, in relation to Kansas affairs.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not object to consid-
ering that resolution now, provided that at one
o'clock the Senator will agree to lay it down in
order to take up the Treasury note bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a mere resolution of
inquiry. I suppose there will be no debate upon
it.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to it.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I intended, when the resolution
of the Senator from Illinois was called up, to
offer mine as an amendment; but it does not make
any difference, if the Senate will oblige me by
taking up the resolution which 1 submitted, di-
recting the attention of the President to some
documents connected with the Kansas question,
which I deem important. I move to take up the
resolution which I submitted yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate copies of the following documents:
1. Returns of the votes taken m Kansas Territory at the
October election, 1856, upon the question of calling a con-
vention to frame a constitution and State government.
2. Act of the Territorial Legislature (in obedience to that
1 vote) calling such a convention, and providing for the ap-
poiuonment and election of delegates to the same.
3. The census and registration of voters, by counties and
i precincts, as takeu under that act.
[ I. The apportionment of delegates made upon the re-
1 turns of such census and rcgistiation.
! 5. iletui us of the election, by counties, for delegates to the
I convention. , _
| 6. Return* of the last election, by counties, for raerooers
■ of the Territorial Legislature and a Delegate to Congress.
I 7. Proclamations of the Governor or acting Governorupon
' the subject ot the census, registration of voters, ana me
several elections hereinbefore specified. .
8. Journal of the convention held at Leeompton to frame
a constitution and State government.
i Mr PUGH. This resolution merely specifies
' what I want—the census, journal of the conven-
J tion, &a. If there is no objection, I hope it will
i bCMrSS<BIGLER. I have- no objection to the
I passage of the resolution itself, but it is proper
: to state that it calls for information which is not
' in the possession of the Departments. The res-
olution of the Senator from Illinois covers quite
all there is, and even more. No parts of these
