1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bigler.
Senate.
be reasonable doubt. The history of the organi-
zation of the severalStates fully vindicates Kansas
on these points, showing that the proceedings in
her case were not only more regular, legal, and
binding, than in most cases, but that in these par-
ticulars she is an exception to the general prac-
tice. Some States have been prepared without
any act of Congress, territorial or otherwise; some
by enabling acts; some under the direct proposi-
tions of Congress; some by action of the Terri-
torial Legislature, without first consulting the
people. Some of the constitutions have been sub-
mitted to the popular sanction, and others have
not. But in Kansas the movement commenced
at the very fountain of political power. The peo-
ple, at the regular election of 1855, were consulted
as to their desire to change their form of govern-
ment from a territorial to a State, and they de-
cided to have a State government.
It is true that the Topeka party did not vote;
but they had been clamorous for a State govern-
ment from the beginning. A law was passed,
accordingly, providing for a convention of dele-
gates of the people to form a constitution and State
government, preparatory to admission into the
Union. This law, it is conceded, was well adapted
to the end in view. Ithasbeen pronounced "right
and just in all its objects and purposes." It was
modeled, mainly, after a bill which this branch of
Congress had passed to accomplish the same end.
It was well designed to protect the purity of the
ballot-box, and at the same time extend to each
citizen a fair opportunity to exercise the high
function of an independent elector. The oppor-
tunity to vote for delegates it is not pretended was
universal or unexceptionable, but it certainly was
fair, considering the character of the country. The
registry of voters only was liable to reasonable
complaint; but no candid man will pretend that
it was so imperfect as to impair the legality or
authority of the election for delegates. Whilst all
were not registered, it will not be pretended that
those who were had not the proper authority to
make a constitution; for, according to the most
eonclusivc authority, seven out of eight of the
legal voters were registered, and had the right to
vote.
The facts exhibited by the Senator from Mis-
souri the other day, has completely put to rest
the allegation that nineteen counties had been dis-
franchised—I need not repeat these details. There
is enough to satisfy any reasonable man in a few
general facts. Nine thousand two hundred and
fifty-one names were registered in May; a clamor
was immediately raised that the Republican pat ty |
ought not to vote for delegates bccausc the registry I
was so exceedingly defective; and yeftit the Octo- !
her election, at the end of a violent partisan con- !
test, each party charging the other with polling '
illegal votes, only eleven thousand seven hundred [
and eighty were cast for the Delegate in Congress. :
Here is conclusive evidence that the disfranchised
vote as it is termed must have been very meager. |
But the fact, as exhibited in the returns, that the ;
entire vote in the whole of the nineteen counties, 1
at the January election, when there was no regis- j
try and no qualification except the age of twenty-
one years, was loss than fourteen hundred votes,
is perfectly conclusive. If these counties con-
tained but fourteen hundred votes in January,
what number did they contain when the registry
was taken in the preceding month of April, be-
fore the spring emigration could have reached the
back counties ? In my judgment, and I have re-
peatedly expressed the opinion before, those coun-
ties could not, at that time, have contained more
than six or eight hundred voters. This was the
enly vital point ever presented against the author-
ity of the Lecompton convention, and certainly
this has been completely removed by the facts I
have stated. The opportunity to vote was suffi-
cient. The authority of the convention was there-
fore perfect, and its proceedings were regular.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question on that point ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Pennsylvania yield the floor ?
Mr. BIGLER. It is a very bad time of the
night to be asking or answering questions; but let
us hear the question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question which I de-
sire to put to the Senator is this: whether more
New Series—No. 8.
voters did not reside in the counties which had no
register atr all than all the voters that voted for the
delegates to the Lecompton convention ?
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly not, Mr. President.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Did not Governor Walker
so state?
Mr. BIGLER. Governor Walker did substan-
tially so state. Governor Walker made other
statements in reference to this question in which
I cannot concur. Sir, the evidence is conclusive
against the objection presented by the Senator
from Wisconsin. In January, when there was
no registry, and no qualification except the age of
twenty-one, only one thousand four hundred votes
were cast in all the non-registered counties.
Now, sir, I repeat, the opinion expressed here-
tofore, from what I saw in the Territory early in
the season, that at the time that registry was made
in April, before the spring immigration could have
passed to the back part of the Territory, there
were not more than six to eight hundred votes in
the whole of those counties. That is the answer
to the question which the Senator propounded;
and I trust I have convinced him that the defects
in the registry could not have been sufficient to im-
pair the legal or moral effect of the election for
delegates.
But it is said that but a meager vote was cast
for delegates, and that is true; but that does not
impair the force or effect of the election. Gov-
ernor Walker gave the discontents full notice on
this point. He told them that they would be re-
sponsible whether they voted or not. That any
other doctrine would lead to anarchy. And there
never was a truer sentiment. We must either
accept or reject this doctrine; if we reject it, and
hold that it requires an active agency on the part
of the elector to give consent, then we lay down a
doctrine that would lead to anarchy in probably
every Statein this Union, hi my own State, on this
principle, the fundamental law could be repudi-
ated any day. That State contains five hundred
thousand voters; at the last election certainamend-
ments were adopted to the constitution, and the
whole vote for and against did not exceed one
hundred and thirty-eight thousand votes; and the
highest affirmative vote reached only one hundred
and seventeen thousand^who thinks of doubting
the authority of those amendments ? On this prin-
ciple—and none other can be countenanced—the
Lecompton convention had a more complete au-
thority, I venture to say, than any other similar
body which ever preceded it.
Now, sir, as to the action of the convention.
The only objection raised worthy of note is that
it did not submit the entire constitution to a vote
of the people. I have said heretofore that, at the
time, I preferred they should do so; but. I never re-
garded the mode pf making the constitution as a
reason wiiy the Territory should or should not
come into the Union as a State. It was more im-
portant to know that what the peopledid was right
m itself than to inquire into the way in which that
right thing had been done. They had full au-
thority to do it in " their own way." The right
of the people in convention, by delegates, to make
and adopt a constitution, was conceded by even
Governor Walker. This was one of his special
reasonsfornrging the people to vote for delegates.
I think adoption by popular vote a good mode of
making a constitution. I certainly do not think
it the only good way. It is not the way in which
the constitutions of nearly all the original States
of this happy Confederacy were made in the ear-
lier and purer days of the Republic. My own
cherished State, than whom there is not a happier
or greater in the Union, did not make her funda-
mental law in this way prior to the year 1838, j
when amendments to that instalment were sub- j
mitted to a vote of the people, and adopted by a j
minority of the voters of the State. j
I did hold, Mr. President, that the spirit of the j
compromises of 1850, and the organic act for this j
Territory, looked to the decision of the question j
of slavery by some direct action of the people; j
that there was a general understanding througbout
the country that the question of slavery should
not come back to Congress unaccompanied by an
expression of popular will. I did, therefore, re-
gard the Lecompton convention as under special
obligations to submit the question of slavery to a
vote of the people. But I never thought we out-
siders had the power to dictate on even that point,
and there never was a time when I would not have
said the submission of the vexed question of
slavery is all that the people of other States had
any right even to-inquire into; much less have
they right to dictate a mode of making a consti-
tution as a condition on which the people who ar©
to live under it may become a State. Yet, this
high-handed dictation has been attempted by
those who call themselves non-interventionists.
That vexed question was presented: that question
was votedupon. Now,Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon that point will the
honorable Senator allow me to put a question'
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Was the slavery question
in fact submitted to the people of Kansas ? i
Mr. BIGLER. Undoubtedly it was. I hold,
Mr. President, that if the majority of the people
had voted down the slavery article, that, in its
own language, in the language of the schedule,
" thereafter slavery shall not exist m the new State
of Kansas,"the institution would have been abol-
ished, and there would have been complete author-
ity in the Legislature to have wiped out the rem-
nant of slavery that had previously been planted
in the Territory.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask the Sena-
tor, does not the schedule expressly establish that
property in slaves in the Territory shall not be
interfered with ?
Mr BIGLER. The property value m slaves
is protected. I never heard anybody even in Kan-
sas object to that. But the Senator is certainly
aware that there is another provision in that con-
stitution, which says that the Legislature shall
not emancipate the slaves without remuneration
to the owners; they shall not interdict the immi-
gration of slaves into the Territory so long as sim-
ilar persons are held in bondage in the Territory.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is in the slavery ar-
ticle.
Mr. BIGLER. But they can,by makingcom-
pensation, emancipate the slaves. The Legisla-
ture has that power. The Senator did not fail to
see that the Senator from Virginia, on Friday
last, in his able and eloquent speech, pointed out
clearly the power in the Legislature to get clear
of slavery in that Territory without any amend-
ment of the constitution whatever. Therefore I
answer that, so far as regards the question of sla-
very, taking these clauses together, the power is
complete in the Legislature as it now stands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let me understand the
Senator. Is it complete with the slavery article
in or with it out?
Mr. BTGLER. I said if the slavery article had
been voted out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, what then ?
Mr. BIGLER. Then slavery would have been
completely abolished in the Territory by the peo-
ple. That is what I said. I knew what the Sen-
ator had in view, that, because the schedule pro-
tected the property value in slaves, he would hold
that the posterity of the slaves were to remain in
bondage; that there was no power in the Legis-
lature to wipe out that remnant or root of the insti-
tution. That is where he is mistaken. Now, sir,
I want to notice another point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to put one further
question to the honorable Senator, with his leave.
Mr. BIGLER. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I wish to proceed to another point in
the case.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is on this point.
Mr. BIGLER. It is now nearly throe o'clock
in the morning, and 1 have several points to make
before that hour. [Laughter.]
Now, I wish to notice the extraordinary course
and policy which has from time to time marked
the conduct of the anti-slavery party in Kansas.
I do not intend to review their acts of folly and
insubordination, m standing out against the laws;
nor their constant and persistent efforts to produce
violence, lebellion, and civil war. Governor
Walker's dispatches are full and complete on this
point. He describes the Republican party as in
open rebellion to the laws during nearly all his
service, and as plotting for the overthrow of the
Government. Against the other party, the Le-
compton party, he made no complaints prior to
his departure from the Territory. But I wish to
