66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
records have been communicated to the Depart-
ment here, except the executive minutes, and I
believe the constitution of the State and the sched-
ule, by the president of the constitutional con-
vention. "Whether the whole constitution has
been communicated or not, I am not absolutely
certain. The only difficulty about the resolution
is, that we are asking in three resolutions for in-
formation which is not m the Department, when
one resolution could obtain all there is.
Mr. PUGH. I shall not press the resolution
after that suggestion.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator permit it to
lie over?
Mr. PUGH. Let it lie on the table for the
present.
Mr. SEWARD. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Ohio, and also to the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, that if the resolution
already passed covers all the papers there are,
there can be no harm, no prejudice, resulting from
passing the supplemental resolution calling for
them in another form. If it should not cover all
the papers, this will bring them out. I suppose
the object on all sides is to have them. I suggest
to the Senator from Ohio to persist in his resolu-
tion.
Mr. BIGLER. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to the passage of the resolution.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will give me his ear, I can let him under-
stand what I want to find out. The resolution
of the Senator from Illinois calls for the commu-
nications between the President and theexecutive
authority of Kansas. That I wish to see. But
I understand that the election for delegates was
held in pursuance of a census and registration of
voters, and an apportionment of delegates to the
counties. It has been asserted, whether truly or
not I am not able, to say, that in nineteen counties
of Kansas there was no census taken—not from
the refusal of the inhabitants to be registered, but
from the neglect of the Territorial Legislature to
elect any sheriffs for those counties. If that be
true, the convention was notafull representation
of the people. If it be not true, it is important to
those who are disposed to sustain the constitu-
tion that the falsity of such an accusation should
be made apparent. That is what I wish to learn.
It seems to me a vital fact worthy to be ascer-
tained in some form. If the information is not
hero, I hope the President will direct the Gov-
ernor or the Secretary of Kansas to get it for him.
I have been loath to state the accusation, because
I did not wish to give it before the proof; but that
is the reason why 1 wish these papers.
.VIr. BIGLER. I beg to say to the Senator
from Ohio that I have no objection whatever to
the passage of his resolution. 1 had occasion to
call at the Department this morning, and in con-
versation discovered that no such information was
on file; that no communication had been made by
the late Governor on the subject at all, excent so
far as related to his own action. The documents
for which the Senator calls are not there; but still
I am in favor of the passage of the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. When, a few days since, I of-
fered a resolution calling for the correspondence,
orders, and instructions, in relation to the affairs
of Kansas, I supposed everything was covered
by that resolution which would aid us to appre-
ciate the conduct of the Federal officers, and to
understand the facts bearing upon the question
now under discussion in relation to Kansas, (f ;
I thought there was anything in tin-Executive !
Departments which would add to the compre- j
hension, the just understanding of the subject, |
and which had not been called for, I certainly !
should not hesitate to extend the call on the least j
intimation that it might be productive of such :
result. I do not, however, believe that anything I
has been omitted. I think, if the Piesident com- j
mumcates fairly and fully, as 1 confidently be- j
lieve he will, all that is called for in the resolution '
offered by me, and adopted by the Senate, that i
he will give u.s whatever the Governor of Kan- i
sas hascommunieated to him, whether in relation \
to the census, the election of officers, the returns, t
and all else which bears on the question of the ;
legitimacy of this convention. But ( desire that i
every Senator shaft take that road which will j
satisfy his own mind that he has reached ail the j
information attainable upon the subject. I trust jt
are to treat this question as just men, as men 11
who have a duty to the country and to the Con-
stitution. I wish nothing to be withheld or
evaded, and trust that those Senators who act
with me will allow any Senator to propose every
inquiry which he thinks proper to suggest, and
urges as conducive to a more thorough compre-
hension of the merits of the issues presented in
connection with the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. PUGH. My attention has not been called
to the resolution of the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Dayis,] although I heard him offer it, and
intended, at the time, to make inquiry of him on
the subject. Yesterday, when the Senator from
Illinois introduced his resolution, I intended to
offer mine as an amendment. I should have
moved it this morning, but I was engaged at the
moment in conversation with another Senator.
If my friend from Mississippi thinks his resolu-
tion covers the ground, I have no desire to press
it or embarrass the matter in any way.
Mr. DAYIS. I think my resolution covers it;
but if it does, this resolution will do no harm;>
and if it does not, this may bring out something
which mine does not reach.
The resolution was agreed to.
DEATH OF HON. J. G. MONTGOMERY.
This message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. J. C. Alleu, their Clerk:
Mr. President: t am dnected by tile iiou-.e of Repre-
sentatives to communicate to the Senate information ot the
(leafli of tilt; tlon John G. Montgomery, fate a member
of the House of Repiesentatives fiom the State of Penn-
sylvania, and the proceedings of the House thereon.
Mr. BIGLER.. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sin-
cere desue of showing every maik of respeet due to the
| memor) of tlio IIou. JoiiN G Mon-igomery, riecca^ed, late
| a Repiesentative t'lom the State of Pennsylvania, ivitl go
i into mourning by wealing ciape on the left aim for thnty
I day.-;.
The people of the twelfth congressional district
j of Pennsylvania had chosen John? G. Montgom-
i f.ry to represent them in the Thirty-Fifth Con-
j gress of the United States; but death interposed
; to prevent the execution of their will,
j Mr. Montgomery died at his residence, in
! Danville, in the county of Montour, Ponnsylva-
! nia, on the 23d of April last, in the fifty-second year
j of his age. Hp was one of the victims of that
| singular and destructive epidemic which appeared
i at the National Hotel during the months of Feb-
! nury and March last. He had left his home, in
full health and with a cheerful spirit, to witness
the consummation of his most cherished political
desires ill the inauguration of a President to
whose promotion he had devoted his most ardent
efforts. But the fatal epidemic soon drove him
fiom the scene of his enjoyment, and he returned
to his home, depressed in mind and afflicted in
; body, where he endured an incessant agony, only
terminated by death.
He has left an amiable family, with a large
circle of relatives and friends to lament his un-
! timely end, and to unite their regrets with that
. oftheintelligentandexcellentconstituency which
I had committed their interests to his protection.
Mr. Montgomery was born in the county of
Northumberland, Pennsylvania, in the year 1805,
of highly icspectable parents, whose virtuous ex-
'■ amples and wise precepts he followed in after life,
i He graduated at Washington College, in his na-
' tive State, about the year 1824, with more than
( ordinary distinction; and subsequently studied
i the law in the office, and under the tuition, of
: Alem Marr, then a distinguished lawyer of the
; Northumberland bar. He commenced the prac-
tice of the law in 1827, and devoted himself ex-
clusively to that profession until 1855, when he
was induced by his friends to accept an election
to the State Legislature, where, in a single ses-
sion, he distinguished himself for ability, mleg-
iity, industry, and zeal in promoting the welfare
of his constituency. In the hneof his profession
he had acquired an eminent reputation for candor
and honor and sound judgment, and especially
for counsels which looked more to the establish-
ment of justice than to the increase of litigation.
Plain and unpretending in his style of oratory,
vet the peculiar directness with which he reached
his point, with the correctness and sincerity of
his manner, never failed to make a strong impres-
sion upon the tribunal and the auditory to which
he addressed himself. As a private citizen, his life
was Such as to gain for liim the affection and the
honors of which I have spoken, as was fitly tes-
tified by the weeping circle which stood around
his grave.
I will be pardoned fjr having thus spoken of
one who was my cherished friend. Had lie taken
his place in the national councils, your own knowl-
edge would have supplied these comments; hia
worth and virtues would have been reflected
amongst you, and his loss would have enhanced
the grief with which recent bereavements have
afflicted this body.
But the distress of his friends was the more
poignant, and their resignation the more reluctant,
because of the terrible and mysterious nature of
the disease which caused his death. Whether it
arose from a miasmatic exhalation, or was the
studied plot of some fiend to cut off, by mineral
poison, the highest and most honored citizens of
the land, involved the question whether his loss
should be mourned as the victim of a natural and
inevitable cause, or whether it should be vindi-
i cated by investigation at the hands of justice.
| Public judgment remains still in suspense as
j to the character and origin of this disease. It
I seems to have baffled the speculations of science
; and the testimony of experience, and will, prob-
ably, remain forever a mystery. But it was no
ordinary visitation, originating in the habits or
localities of the filthy and vicious, and spending
its wrath upon misery and wretchedness. It
came like "a thief in the night," like the de-
stroyer " that walketh in darkness and wasteth
at noonday," or like the special mission of the
"destroying angel," as if intended, indeed, to
teach more emphatically the great lesson that
neither wealth, nor genius, nor station, can ex-
empt man from the common incident of mortality.
It seized and prostrated the most gifted and loved
in the land, and many now mingle their tears for
worth, genius, beauty, and excellence stricken
down by this fell and malignant destroyer. Hap-
py all if as well fitted to meet their doom as that
friend whose loss we now deplore.
But the career of my lamented friend was con-
sistent to its close. In all the duties and relations
of life he was without reproach. He had estab-
lished a good reputation as a pure and estimable
citizen, and was about to enter upon anew sphere
of action, the labor and responsibilities of which
those who hear mo will bear witness are more
than equal to its dubious honors, or its fleeting
joys. That he has been summoned from the
trials and vexations of representative life to the
peace appointed for the just, is a loss to his coun-
try, but none to himself.
To those whose grief is yet inconsolable—to the
people who had committed their rights and inter-
ests to his trust, I offer the sincere sympathy of
one who loved him, and looked forward with
' pleasure to his counsels and to his support,
through the labors and trials of the Congress just
bearun.
The resolution was unanimously agreed to.
TREASURY NOTES.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill (S. No.
13) to authorize the issue ofTreasury notes was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr HUNTER. I remarked yesterday that
this bill corresponded with the bill of 1847, which
is similar in its main provisions with all the
Treasury note bills passed since 1837, with two
exceptions : One exception consists m striking
out the funding provision which existed in the
bill of 1847. That is not to be found in this bill
for the reason that if put in, it was^ipprehended
the notes would be funded and converted into a
loan, and for the further reason that an incon-
venience was found lately when we were redeem-
ing the public stock from that clause which ex-
isted in the bill of 1847. The holder of the note,
instead of claiming what the law designed only
to give him—what was due on its face—first
funded it into stock under that provision, and then
claimed a premium on the stock.
There is yet another difference. Aecordingto
the laws which have been heretofore passed, the
Secretary of the Treasury, with the approbation
of the President, has been allowed to fix, at his
own discretion, a rate of interest not exceeding
six per cent., thus leaving it to his sagacity to
determine whether the note, when issued, should
