2176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17.
attention to the clause I propose to amend, he
■will find it reads thus:
" For the usual additional compensation to the reporters
of the Congressional Globe for the House."
Then we propose the usual additional compen-
sation to the reporters of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS I suppose that was done by
their rules, as they have proposed the " usual
additional compensation for the reporters of the
House." They make none for the Senate; so
that it is neither a question of increasing or di-
minishing the compensation of the reporters of
the House, but it is to enable him to increase the
compensation of the reporters of the Senate—not
only for this present session and for the next ses-
sion of Congress, but for some years past, if I
correctly understand the amendment as proposed.
I shall argue the question made, and not the one
that the two gentlemen have argued. The rule
of the Senate is, that—
"No amendment proposing additional appropriations shall
be received to any appropuauon bill, unless it be made to
cany out the provisions of some existing law"—
It is not that, because the law is simple. There
are various laws—three or four in regard to the
subjcct—which I have looked at, and they do not
touch the matter.
—" or some net or resolution previously pa«ed by the Sen-
ate during that .--e^ion ; or moved by direction of a stand-
ing or select committee of the rfenate ; ot in pursuance of
an e-mmarn fiom the head ol'some of the Departments ; and
no amendment >hali be received whose object is to piovide
for a private claim, unices it be to cany out the provisions
of an existing law oi a treaty stipulation."
This is to carry out no law, for it is admitted
that there is no law for this allowance. We have
a contract with this person to pay him so much
money for printing and reporting the debates of
the Senate, which has been amended at various
times. The appropriation m this bill is for that
purpose; it is complete in itself. If itis proposed
to raise the compensation, I submit it is not
proper, unless it comes within one of the classes
named in the rule. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia have nothing to do with the
printing and reporting. No such question is re-
ferred to them by the rules; no such question has
been submitted to them by the Senate; and 1 ap-
prehend that no such question has been considered
by them. I desire this body to determine, and
for you, Mr. President, and the Senate, whether
all that is necessary to make any increase of ap-
propriation within this rule, is thata majority of
any committees without even having the question
referred to them, without its being assigned as a
portion of their duties by the standing ordeisaml
rules of the Senate, shall say they are in favoi of
it. I say it is a violation of the rule, a violation
of the rights of every member here. All that is
important about these rules is, that they shall be
uniform, that they shall apply to all eases; and
the only interest 1 feel in the matter is, that the
mle of the Senate may be known in this case. I
may have a use for it myself; and theiefoie 1 de-
sire this body, through the Chair, to make a decis-
ion on it.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree with the Senator from
Georgia that the objection is well taken; but, in-
asmuch as it is obvious the majority of the Senate
wish th" Amendment to go on, I think it would
be better, by general consent, to waive the point
of order, and oppose it on its merits.
Mr. TOOMBS. We can decide it in a few mo-
ments; 1 do not wish to protract the discussion.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am obliged to the Senator
from Georgia for giving me the facts; and 1 take
the proposition as ho states it. The rule prohib-
its an amendment proposing an additional appro-
priation. Tins is not an additional appiopriation,
as I understand. The money is to be paid by John
C. Rivts. The House of Representatives very
properly confined themselves to their own ivpoit-
ors, leaving it t'^iho Senate to take care of theirs.
It is the same piopo:>ition, the same appropria-
tion to the same individuals, lor the same object
—paying (he repoi ters of Cungress. I can see no
difficulty w hatewr.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
order raised involves tee inception of the amend-
ment upon two poi.ns. The Chair does not see
how he can cs'vpe a de  is on on the two point.?;
foj , if on either point he tinuk-* th" amendment
in ojde>\ it v.'O'iM hnvo to come in. Any mem-
ber of th° Son-'te may move any amendment he
chooses to any bill, except so far as he is prohib-
ited by the limitations of this rule. The Chair
does not think a motion by an individual member
to amend a general appropriation bill, by propos-
ing additional appropriations, is in order, unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some ex-
isting law, or some act or resolution of the Senate
previously passed during that session. The Chair
has seen no existing law to carry out the provis-
ions of which this amendment is necessary; and,
therefore, if moved by an individual member of
the Senateflfoe is compelled to decide it out of
order ui^dpTthis rule. But the Senator from Mis-
sissippi moves the amendment by the direction
of one of the standing committees of the body.
It is not a subject which has been referred to that
committee; but it is an amendment " moved by a
standing committee" of this body, and the Chair
considers himself bound by the language of the
rule; because, except for the limitation imposed
by the rule, any member of any committee would
have a right to move any amendment. The lan-
guage is broad and comprehensive; and the Chair
does not feel authorized to say that he can reject
an amendment which is moved by order of a
Standing committee because the subject has not
been referred to that committee.
Mr. MASON. I should be very reluctant to
let the decision pass as part of the judgment of
the Senate; but 1 do not well see how to get at it.
If I understand correctly what fell from the Chair,
this subject has not been committed to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. Now, a com-
mittee, by its very derivation, its very nature, is
a portion of the members of the Senate, who can
act only upon subjects committed to them by the
Senate. 1 do not see how they can act on a sub-
ject not committed to them. The constitution of
the body renders it necessary, it seems to me,
that any subject which comes from them as a
committee, technically so called,and which brings
with it any peculiar force or character because it
comes from a committee, must be a subject com-
mitted to them as a committee. I understand the
Chair to consi.der that, under the general terms of
the rule, he regards an amendment in Older, no
matterfrom whatcommiuec it comes. I do not sec
how otherwise to test the sense of the Senate but
by an appeal from the decision of the Chair. I
piopose to take the sense of the Senate on its be-
ing within the scopc of the authority of a com-
mittee to report with any judgment, or to act upon
any subject not previously committed to them.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope my colleague will not
appeal. Let us pass this over. Itis evidently
the desire of the Senate to entertain the subject.
1 ask, sir, what would be the effect of amotion to
lay the appeal on the table?
Mr. MASON. J withdraw the appeal. I only
wanted the matter decided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall detain the Senate
but a single moment. The decision of the Chair
is manifestly right under this rule 
Several Senators. The appeal is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that; but
I wish to say a word in regard to it. I am aston-
ished at the point which has been made. This is
the first time I have ever risen in the Senate to
say a woid about a question of order; but since
I have been here, I have known amendments to
the appropriation bills to come, time and again,
fiom the standtng committees of the Senate just
in this way; and if the rule docs not mean that,
it does not mean anything at all. Can it be pos-
sible that the meaning of the rule is, that no
committee, except the one having the particular
subject in charge, can offer an amendment? If
it does, the majority of the Senate is tied up; and
if tile committee in eh<-ir e do not think proper to
!' reportan amendment, it cannot be passed upon
|| at all. Any individual Senator would have a right
\\ to oiler an amendment at any time without this
!; rule; but, in oi dor to Harriet that right upon the
!i appiopnaiion bills, the Senate has adopted aiule
providing that an amendment proposing addi-
tional appropn itions shall not be in order unless
e it comes from a standing committee. Now, they
ij wish to interpolate into the rule " unless it comes
\ from the standing committee to whom the subject
has been lefened." I do not wish to argue the
!' point; hut I wr>3 so uttetly surprised at the ob-
• jpctrm winch has been made that I could not help
,1 saving tins much.
The VICE PRESIDENT The question be-
fore the Senate is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that the amendment
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is,
after line one hundred and thirty-seven, to insert:
To enable John C. Rives to pay to the reporteis of the
Senate, the usual extra compensation for the third session
of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, $800 each—$3,200.
To enable John C. Rives to pay to the reporters of the
Senate the usual extra compensation for the first session
of the Thnty-Fifth Congiess, $800 each—.$3,200.
To enable John C. Rives to pay to the repoi ters of the
Senate the usual extra compensation for the second session
of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, $800 each—$3,200.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to say, in a word, that
the first clauso covers the appropriation to corre-
spond with one paid to the reporters of the House
for the last session of Congress, and to which we
gave our assent. We did it under some sort of
compulsion, it is true, but still we did it. Then
this bill provides for paying the House reporters
for the present session, and for the next session,
and I propose simply to put ours on the same
footing with those of the House. If the two
Houses think it proper to strike itall out together,
let it go; but I protest ngainst any partiality in a
matter of this sort. That is all I have to say in
reference to it.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to suggest an amendment
to tins proposition. The House clausc says noth-
ing about Mr. Rives at all. They pay the money
to their reporters directly, and if this money is to
go to the i eportors, let us pay it to them out of the
Treasury at once. Why do we go round and pay
it to Mr. Rives first? 'Why do you say he shall
pay the reporters ? I move to strike out the words
44 to enable John C. Rives."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator is
mistaken. I believe the amendment is in the same
language as the original clause in the bill.
Mr. PUGH. Let the Secretary read the House
section.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator will allow me to
say a word before it is read. The language is
thus placed because our contract is with Mr.
Rives, and not with the reporters. We employ
him to have the repoi ting done; and, therefore,
to enable him to pay these men a larger sum, the
amendment is offered as it is.
Mr. PUGH. Let the Secretary read that par-
agraph in the bill, and then I will reply to the
Senator.
The Secretary read as follows:
" For the u-mal additional compensation to the reporters
for the Congi e&sional Globe for icpotting the pioceedings of
the Home of Representatives, foi the next regular se^ion
of the Thirty-Fifth Coiig!c&s,$8-.)0 to each iepoiter.$4,000.*'
Mr. PUGH. It will be observed that the House
of Representatives pay the money to the report-
ers themselves. We arc not paying this money
to the contractor, because we have no contract
to pay it to him. It is an additional sum, and
the argument in favor of it is, that it is to compen-
sate the reporters forcxtra services. Then, pay it
to them directly; do not have this form of carry-
ing it through Mr. Rives Js pocket—not that I
doubt he will pay it to them, but the House of
Representatives have made their appropriation
directly, and I think it is our duty to appropriate
money directly. If the object be to pay Mr.
Rives, let him put it in his pocket, and do not put
any conditions on him. If the object is to pay
the reporters, pay them directly. I, therefore,
move to amend the amendment by striking out
the words " to enable John C. Rives" in«each of
the three clauses.
Mr. TOOMBS. The rule being founded on the
supposition that, when a committee report a prop-
osition authorizing additional appropriations of
the public money, they are prepared to give the
Senate the necessary information on the subject,
I would respectfully ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to give us the
data on which he supposes John C. Rives needs
£4,000 more to enable him to pay these reporters.
To get at that fact, I ask the Senator how much is
now paid for reporting and publishing the debates
of the Senate, and what is the evidence on which
the committee supposed that that was insufficient
to enable him to pay the reporters?
Mr. BROWN. I have made no calculation as
to the precise amount Mr. Rives got-*, and my
only means of ascertaining his profits is what he
says himself. I know that the cost of reporting,
of printing, and of .binding, must necessarily
