1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17.
Withdraw your troops; give us our constitutional
rights ; arid we aie at home.
Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, January 6,
185a.
Hebsr C. Kimball,
President of ihe Council,
Dame] H. Welle, Koddiok N. Allred,
Albeit Oanhigton, Chauucy VV. West,
F. D. Rtchauls, Aaron Johnson,
Lorenzo Snow, James C. rinow,
Wilford Woodruff, Pmton Thomas,
Lorut Fan-, J. G. Bigler,
Benjamin F. Johnson, George Peacock,
Leonard E. Harrington, Philo T. Farnsworth,
Joseph Xlolbrook, J. C. Ilaight,
Wanen S. Snow, John L. Lee,
Lewis Brunaon, Isaac Bullock,
Gcoige A. Smith, George D. Giant,
Leo Ilawkinh, Secretary of Council;
John T. Came, JissUtant Secretary of Council.
John Taylor',
Speaker House of Representatives. *
W. V. Phelps, Samuel L. Sprague,
A. P. Rockwood, John Shaip,
J. U. Little, Alexander McRae,
Daniel Spencer, J. W. Cumtnings,
Orson Hyde, Joseph A. Young,
Hosea Stout, John Rowbeny,
B. H. Clawsou, C. II. Wheelock, Chaplain;
J. D, Parker, B. Young, jr., Messenger;
William Derr, Jesee Ilaven, Chaplain;
James Ferguson, Chief Clerk House of Representatives;
Patrick Lviich, Assistant Clerk House of Representatives ;
William U. Kimball, Sergeant-at-Jlrms ;
William H. Harper, Secretary pro tempore, Utah Territory.
Pending the reading of the above paper,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE and Mr. COX sev-
erally made motions to suspend the reading; which
motions were not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair felt it his duty to
lay this communication before the House, inas-
much as it purports to be from the Territorial As-
sembly of Utah, and appears to be signed by all
the members of that body.
]\£r. HARRIS, of Maryland, moved to lay the
memorial on the table.
Mr. M1LLSON demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion: and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Kir. SHERMAN, of Ohio, moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
thereupon (at four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
JN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 17,1858.
Prayer by Rev. W. A. Harris.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with resolutions of the
Senate of February 15 and March 8, a copy of
Captain T. J. Cram's military and topographical
memoir, report, and maps, on the department of
the Pacific, together with a letter from the Hon.
I I. Stevens and a report of Captain A. A. Hum-
phrey on the character of that memoir; which,
on- motion of Mr. Bjoler, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has re-
ceived a memorial from the members and officers
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Utah, addressed to the Congress of the United
States, in which they set forth their grievances,
and desire the withdrawal of the troops of the
United States from the Teriitory.
Mr. STUART. I suppose it is hardly neces-
sary to read that document. I move its reference
to the Committee on Territories. -
Mr. HAMLIN. It should go to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KING. Had it not better be printed ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us have it read.
Mr. STUART. I think it should go to the
Committee on Territories, although it asks for a
withdrawal of^the troops. It is a statement of
the interna! affairs of the Territory, if it is any-
thing. I think it ought to be printed, but it cer-
tainly ought to go to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
Mr. BIGLER. I think it ought to be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless some mo-
tion to a different effeci be made, it will berefeired
to the Committee on Territories.
It was so referred.
Mr. BIGLER, I have been requested to pre-
sent to the Senate the memorial of James C.
Chisty, Edward Wickersham, William M. Arm-
strong, C. McAllister, and others, citizens of the
city of Philadelphia, who are creditors of the
State of Texas. The memorialists express their
surprise that the Legislature of Texas should
have passed resolutions claiming for the State of
Texas the balance of the appropriation now in
the Treasury, made on the 28th day of February,
1855, for the creditors of that State. They re-
monstrate against the purpose of that resolution.
They claim the balance of that appropriation for
the benefit of the creditors, and pray Congress to
pass a law authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to distribute the balance now remaining in
the Treasury among the creditors who have filed
their claims in pursuance of law. I ask its refer-
ence to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Eliza
E. Ogden, praying to be allowed a commission
on certain disbursements made by her late hus-
band, Major Edmund A. Ogden, while acting as
assistant quartermaster in the Army; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of Law-
rence Kearny, a captain in the United States Na-
vy, praying compensation for certain expenses
incurred and services rendered; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and a motion
by him, to print the memorial, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
He also presented papers in support of the
claim of Catharine Kellar to a pension, for the
services of her husband, Conrad Kellar, in the
Revolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of James
II. Birch, Jr., for himself and others, praying to
be protected in their location of certain lands in
the Plattsburg land district; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RHODE RICK presented a petition of res-
idents of Klamath county, California, praying
that the Pacific mail steamship company may be
required to land the mails at Tunidad; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. WADE presented resolutions of the board
of trade of Cleveland, Ohio, m favor of an appro-
priation of public lands to aid in the construction
of a ship canal around the falls of Niagara; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of the
Legislature of lovva, praying for a donation of
land for the establishment of a scientilic agricul-
tural school in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GWIN presented petitions of citizens of
California in favor of the establishment of the fol-
lowing post routes: From Sacramento City by
Davis's Ranch, Putah,Vacaville, Suisun City,So-
noma, to Pctuluma in Sonoma county; from Bel-
mont by Purcel's Store, Piscadaryand William's
Landing, to Santa Cruz, in Santa Cruz county;
from Oroville by BidwelPs Bar, Peaviiie, Brush
Creek, Meadow Valley, to Q,uincy in Plumas
county; from Jackson to Volcano, in Amadore
county; from Sacramento City, by Washington,
Cashviile, Cache Creek, Yolo City, and Canon,
to Clear Lake, Napa county; from Sacramento
City by Onisleo and Walnut Grove, to Georgian
Slough in Sacramento county; from Mokelumne
Hill by Rich Gulch, to West Point, in Calaveras
county; from Knight's Ferry by La Grange, to
Honiias, Maiiposa county; from Nevada City by
Alpha, to Washington, in Nevada county.
They were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Brown, on the files of
the Senate, bo refened to the Coint of Claims,
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Joshua Barney have leave to
withdraw their petition and papeis.
NATIONAL FOUNDERIES.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee cm Military Affairs and
Militia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of se-
lecting thiee sites for national foundericy for the manufac-
ture of cannon, projectiles, and other castings, for the por-
viee of the United States ; one of ihe said sites to be east
and one west of the Alleghany range of mountains, and the
third in the State of California. *
senators' desks.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the use of desks for members ought to be
dispensed with in the new Senate Chamber.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
204) to provide for issuing patents inceitain cases
where grants of the public lands have been made
by Congress; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of the legal representatives of Charles Porter-
lield, deceased, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 203) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Charles Porterfield, deceased.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, in relation to indemnity for ex-
penses of the State in the Sioux outbreak in 1857,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia; which was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Susannah Hayne Pinckney, submitted a
report, accompanicd by a bill (S. No. 205) for the
relief of Susannah Hayne Pinckney, sole heir of
Captain Richard Shubrick. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the heirs of Colonel
Samuel Hammond, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Jane M. Kean,
Mary A. Reynolds, and Catharine E. Kean, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sarah Smith Stafford,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY,from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a petition of lieu-
tenants in the United States revenue marine ser-
vice, submitted areport accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 206) increasing the pay of certain officers of
revenue cutters, while serving in the Na\y of the
United States. "The bill was read and passed to
a sccond reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Douglass Ottinger,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce; winch was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the papers relating to the application
of Commander Thomas J. Page, and other naval
officers of the La Platte exploring expedition, for
extra pay, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announcing
that the House had passed a resolution (H. R.
No. 19) respecting the distribution of certain pub-
lic documents; and a resolution for the adjourn-
ment of Congress; in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. STUART. It is understood that to-day
the Senator from Kentucky intends to speak upon
the Kansas question, and inasmuchas there seems
to be no further morning business, I wish to move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
the Private Calendar, and so continue until one
o'clock, unless the Senator from Kentucky should
desire to go on before that hour. There is nothing
