THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
T HE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1858.
New Series No. -137.
be very heavy; but while you pay a great deal of
money, you get in return a great many books.
How valuable they are, it is not for me to say.
They contain what members of Congress think
proper to say and do. This money is not intended
for Mr. Rives. If he may have private fortune
enough to pay these men $10,000 a year, he does
not do it. .He has a contract with them, it is true.
Their compensation is, in my opinion, not suffi-
cient, because we all know'they are better re-
porters than those in the other House are. My |
reason for inserting the words, " to enable John I
C. Rives to pay," was to meet an objection made I
by the Senator from Georgia himself, that we had ;
no contract with these people; that we had no con- J
tract with Mr. Sutton, the chief of the reporting j
corps, or with any of his subordinates, but that !
our contract was with Mr. Rives. Believing the i
compensation that they ^et to be too small, {"pro-
pose to increase it in this way.
Mr MASON. Allow me to sav to the Sena-
tor that there is no contract with Rives whatever
—nothing buta mere resolution of the Senate pro-
viding for auditing and settling his accounts for
printing in th« Daily Globe the reports of ourpro-
ceedings, at the rate of $7 50 a column
Mr. TOOMBS. The answer of the Senator
from Mississippi is just what I supposed it would
be. I supposed the labors of his committee had
been just such as he has stated. He says he knows
nothing about it, except that he understands John
C. Rives says the" pay is insufficient. I do not
know that Mr. Rives has said so. I do not think
Mr. Rives has ever come to the Senate, saying
so. I have never seen such a memorial from him.
Though he isa ready, and rather profuse, writer,
I have never seen anything in his newspaper, say-
ing that l>e was unable, at his present compensa-
tion to pay his reporters. I do not think he pre-
tends so. Has he sent a memofial to that com-
mittee?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. How does the Senator get at
it? How does he know that this is necessary ?
Does he undertake to declare that Mr. Rives says
he does not get enough, under his contract, to pay
them ? Does the Senator tell the Senate that this
is I he representation of John C. Rives, verbal or
written '
Mr. BROWN. I have said distinctly that John
C. Rives has not said one word to me about it,
and I do not believe he cares a sixpence about it,
one way or the other. I put in the words, <( to
enable John C. Rives,"for the precise reason that
the Senator objected that our arrangement was
with Mr. Rives, and therefore it was necessary
to insert Iiis name.
Mr. TOOMBS. The amount of it is, then, that
the Senator introduces an evasion to meet an ob-
jection; a legal and valid objection is to be got
around by an evasion. I propose to supply the
deficiency in the labors of this committee. I am
quite satisfied they paid no attention to the sub-
ject, and I will show how this thing has been
done for a number of years. When this contract
was first marie, it was, I think, with three news-
papers—I speak from memory only—the Union,
Globe, and Intelligencer, at $7 50 a column for
reporting and priming the proceedings of the Sen-
ate. They threw up because they said the pay
was inadequate, and probably it was.
Mr. SEWARD. Two of them.
Mr. TOOMBS. Two of them threw up. Then
that was a very good reason why you should
" enable" Mr. Rives to pay his reporters; that
was a very good reason for these'" usual" votes.
It being appaient that two of the large printing
establishments here threw up the job on account
of the inadequacy of the, pay, there was a very
good justification for any gentleman in the Senate
voting an increased allowance. Congress rem-
edied that. How ? The members-of the Senate
were then allowed each twelve copies of the book,
and the members of the House each got twenty-
four copies. Mr. Rives then came forward with
his petition asking us to take ninety-three copies
instead of twelve. That was to enable him to
137
carry out the contract for reporting and printing.
We did it, and in that way added $70,000 to the
amount of the contract. That was a pretty good
enabling act—an addition of $70,000 to a $30,000
contract. Still that was not enough; he came
forward again in a year or two more. From his
representations it seems he was a very patriotic
man, working for the honor of the public, and we
gave him another addition.
Mr. MASON". Will the Senator please restate
what he has just said about $70,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. At that time we were taking
twelve copies of the Congressional Globe for each
Senator; but it was represented to us that this was
a ver^haid contract, and that he could not fulfill
it unless the Senate would take a number equal
to that taken by the H6use of Representatives,
which, I think, lan it up to ninety-three copies
for each Senator. At all events, that one increase
involved an additional expense of $72,651.
Mr. MASON. Is that an annual appropria-
tion ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not certain whether it is
an annual appropriation or for the Congress. Two
years ago a proposition was put on the appropri-
ation bill, on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, who seems to have taken charge of these
matters, to which I wish to call attention. It did
not come through the Printing Committee; but,
inasmuch as in 1856 we talked very much on Kan-
sas—that interesting subject swellingoutthebook
to a large size—the Senator from Mississippi of-
fered a proposition which I will read. The pro-
vision was to give one cent upon every five pages
in excess of three thousand pages for the long
session, and one cent in excess of one thousand
five hundred pages for the short session. That,
it was thought, would "enable" him fully. That
little proposition came in very quietly. It had
been considered by the same committee, I pre-
sume—the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia—and at the time I was under the impression
that it would amount to a few hundred dollars.
It was in these words:
c' Sec. 10. *firid le Ufurther enacted, That there shall he
paid to John C. Rive.-, hv the Secietaiy of the Senate and
Oieik of' the Hou>e of K'jprc-ieiUatives, out of the contin-
gent fund* of the two Hon^, according to the numljer of
copies of the Congressional Globe and Appendix taken by
each, one cent loi every five pages of that work exceeding
three thousand pages lor a long session,"—
This was made perpetual, and we are acting under
it now.
" or fifteen hundred for a short session, including the in-
dexes and the laws of the United States, commencing with
this session.''
I felt some curiosity to know what was paid
under that simple, modest proposition, and I went
to the disbursing officer of this body and ascer-
tained that under it he paid $10,263 48; and the
House of Representatives, under the same clause,
paid $11,174 69, for the last Congress—making
above twenty thousand dollars on this on^cent
business, when the original contract was $30,000.
Here was an increase of eighty per cent, on the
original arrangement, to say nothing of the in-
creased number of volumes the Senate took.
Then I would ask Senators when are you ever
going to " enable him?" What will be the point
that will " enable5' him ? Mr. Rives is not com-
plaining in this matter, that I know of. I have
never heard of a single word fiom him on this
point.
Now, sir, I hold in my hand a paper made out
at the Treasury Department,showing the amounts
appropriated for the Globe during the last Con-
gress, and it reaches the large sum of $203,823 33
for reportingand printingand furmshingthe Globe
to members of Congress. Of this sum $11)9,073 43
has been paid out of the Tressury, to say nothing
of the §10,000 paid out. of the contingent fund of
the Senate to which I have alluded, making al-
together $210,000. What point will "enable"
him to pay enough? Will ^50,000 more? "Will
$100,000 more ? Will half a million more be suf-
ficient? We are asked to vote this money on the
report of a committee who do not know anything
^about what he is paid, or how he is paid, or
whether he is already sufficiently " enabled" or
not. We are asked now to give ten or twel\r&:
thousand dollars on the face of these enabling _§.ctay
beginning with a small, modest appropriation of
about thirty thousand dollars for ootli Houses-^
$10,000 for the Senate, and $20,000 for the House* *
We have g<>ne on adding various items, and in the
single item of one cent for five pages, we hatfe
given him $21,000 I suppose the labors of the
Committee on the District of Columbia-did not
permit them to look into this matter; and having
.taken a little trouble to look into it, I will state
the appropriations as I have thefti from the Treas-
ury Department:
" For Congressional Globe, and binding the same, (Laws
first session Thirty-Fourth Congress, page 103.) Souate-,
§72.651.
" Twenty-four copies of Congressional Globe and Appen-
dix for each member of the Thirty Fourth Congress, (page
104.) House, $31,704.
" Binding Congressional Globe, twenty-fourcopies, (same
page,) $16,528 50." :
I believe either my honorable friend from Mis-
sissippi or the Printing Committee brought in the
binding job on the idea that we were to get the
books better bound by having Mr. Rives to do it.
That was another little enabling act. Whether
that allows too much for binding or not, I really
do not know, for 1 have not been charged with
that subject
"Twenty-four copies of Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix for each member and Delegate ot second session of
Thirty-Fourth Congre>s, (same page,) Ilou3e,$17,352.
" Binding ditto, §3.328 75
" Reporting and publishing proceedings of House of Rep-
resentatives, (page 104.) £18,705 87.
« Ditto Senate, (page 103,) §10,400."
The last two items are the amount of the origi-
nal contract—$30,800—for the reporting for the
two Houses. To that contract we have added,
by this little one-cent business alone, over twenty
thousand dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would inquire how much
Mr. Rives pays the reporters?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know. It is none of
my business to know that, any more than it is to
inquire what those persons who contract to build
the Post Office extension here pay their laborers.
If you mean to pay his reporters because he does
not pay them enough, deduct it from what you
give him; or employ the reporters yourselves,and
give them enough. I do not like this adding of
additional compensation to Mr. Rives every year
on the ground that what he gets for reporting and
printing is inadequate. You have added to the
original contract by hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars, and still you propose to " enable" him to-
day. These voles might have been wise five years
as;o, or three years ago, or two years ago; but we
have got to such a point now that I want to know
where this " enabling" business is to stop.
" One hundred copies Congressional Globe and binding
the same, for the linage library, (page 104,) $1,941.
Congressional Globe and binding the same, in act to
supply deficiencies for the year cudmg 30th June, 1857,
(pagp 240,) $'3,286 62.
4v To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay John C. Rive5? the additional compensation for the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix, provided in sixteenth sec-
tion. act March 3, 1357, (page 241,) §11,174 69.
" To enable John C. llives to pay reporteis, (same page,)
$4,000."
The aggregate, as I have said, is $203,822 23;
and adding the £10,2G3 paid out of the contingent
fund of the Senate for one cent forfivp pages, you
have a total of $214,000. This is now paid on a
contract that amounted originally to only §30,000.
Is not $214,01)0 enough ? If he is not aihle to pay
the reporters let us refer the matter to the Print-
ing Committee, and see how much further we
j shall be asked to go. In the beginning it was an
I experiment; and when it was an experiment I was
! willing enough to vote enough to go on with it.
I I think we have gone quite far enough. I believe
: 1 voted for the additional books, on the ground
i that the committee who had investigated the sub-
i jeet said it was necessary m older to have ihe
i work done. My impression is, that I voted for the
amendment moved by the Senator iiom Missis-
sippi, to give one cent on five pages, supposing
that u would amount to some hun'Ueds, or per-
