1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—-Mr. Bigler.
Senate.
rejection did not renew and heighten the strife and
complications in the Territory. If the one party
proceeded to make a State, the other would ab-
stain from all agency in the work. Indeed, one
party in the Territory are at this time engaged in
electing delegates to another convention, to make
another constitution. The other party refuse to
participate, and allege that the election is being
held without the authority of any law, the Gov-
ernor having refused to sanction it; so we are to
have a new complication. This new convention
will be violently anti-slavery; and I shall be
amazed if they do not incorporate some extreme
anti-slavery feature, having the effect to keep the
State out of the Union. They may interrupt the
execution of the fugitive-slave law, or confiscate
the property in the slaves that are now in the Ter-
ritory. It is evident that even the Senator from ;
Wisconsin does not like the constitution now be- ,
fore the Senate because it protects the property- j
value in the slaves now in the Territory. Is this \
to be the policy ? Is this to be an issue ? Is it to be 1
held that, under the doctrines of the compromises \
guarantying to the Territories admission with j
or without slavery, slave-owners are liable to lose .
the property-value in slaves whenever a decision |
is made against the institution ? When the people j
of all the States go to the Territories, carrying
with them their property, of whatsoever kind, in
case the Territory should become a free State, are
the owners of slaves to lose the property-value
in such slaves? That has not been my under-
standing of ihe policy of the Government. These
complications and new issues could scarcely fail
to perpetuate this bitter controversy, which is so
rapidly uprooting fraternity and confidence be-
tween the northern and southern States, and even
Eoisoning the very channels of communication
etween the people of the several States.
On the other hand, as I have inquired, what
evil consequences are to flow from the admission
of the State? As was so forcibly remarked the
other day by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin,] what possible wrong do we inflict on
the people of Kansas by conferring upon them
the rights and dignities of a sovereign State? We
hear much about forcing a government upon Kan-
sas; whilst the truth is, she has proposed to come
in, and Congress is about to accept her proposi-
tion. That is all. It is said the constitution is
not acceptable to the will of the majority. Well,
sir, that is their business, not ours. If they do
not like their fundamental law, they can change
it. Some gentlemen talk about this constitution
as though it was to be, like the laws of the Medes
and Persians, unalterable. But so far from this, the
question of slavery, like every other feature of
the instrument, will be forever subject to the will
of the majority. When this issue first came up, ,
in December last, it was a question between ad- .
mission under the Lecompton constitution on the ■
one hand, and an enabling act on the other. An j
enabling act—what for? Why, to enable the peo- 1
pie to make a State government to suit themselves,
the answer is, why not do this under the aus-
pices of a State constitution? I said then, as I
say now, the constitution is the best enabling ,
act that the wit of man can devise. It has all the ;
good qualities of an enabling act, without its bad
ones. It would terminate, instead of extend, the ]
strife. :
Then again, if, as alleged, the popular will has j
been smothered by this Lecompton party, admis- ]
sion is the most direct mode of complete vindica- ,
tion. It is under a State constitution that popu-
lar sovereignty is to have unrestrained sway. It ,
is in this way that it rises to the complete ma-
jesty of its power. Those claiming and having
that power, can have no well-founded objection :
to the remedy. Now, the power of the people of ,
Kansas is not equal to the abolition of slavery.
Slaves are now in that Territory; slaves can go
there and be held there. Congress cannot pre-
vent it. The people, or the majority, cannot pre-
vent it, so long as they remain a Territory. But,
when clothed with the sovereignty of a State, they
will become equal to the task. I am for admis-
sion. 1 am for giving the people that power.
Senators on the other side, whilst claiming a large
majority for the free-State party, object to admis-
sion; object to giving the people the power to im-
mediately abolish slavery; and yet they will tell
me that I am for slavery and they are against it.
I seek to confer upon the people the power to abol-
ish slavery. They objcct, and yet attempt to make
the world believe thai, they are the peculiar friends
of a free State. That is much after the plan that
their friends in Kansas have used to abolish sla-
very. They would always vote when they could
not vote against slavery. They would not vote
for delegates, for their delegates might have re-
jected slavery. They would not go to the elec-
tion on the 21st December, because they could
have rejected slavery.
Now, sir, a few words more as to popular sov-
ereignty. There are those who hold that, because
the constitution was not submitted to a popular
vote as an entirety, the processof making it was in
violation of popular sovereignty, as recognized in
the creed of the Democratic party. That is a fal-
lacious view, unless our representative system be
abolished and a common democracy be embraced
as the system we prefer. Recognizing the repre-
sentative system, it is perfectly competentforthe
people to delegate their sovereign power and au-
thority to a convention to make and adopt a con-
stitution and State government. My State did
this; more than half the original States did it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator give way
for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator permit me to
utter a paragraph or two more?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I shall
want to adjourn then.
Mr. BIGLER. That is another compliment.
The Senator does not like my speech.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, I do; I am enjoy-
ing it very much.
Mr. BIGLER. It is near three and a half
o'clock in the morning, and I have but a few
words more.
The doctrine of non-intervention seems to have
confused and confounded some people latterly.
They talk as though Congress had guarantied
that men should not cheat each other in Kansas;
as though one political party should not take the
advantage of the other; as though representatives
should not deceive their constituents. This is
more than was bargained for. Congress agreed
that they would not interfere with the domestic
affairs of the Territories, and that the States, as
such, should not interfere; but that was all. It
never was pretended that the Federal Government
could interfere between the people and their proper
local representatives. Nor did Congress guaranty
that those who do not vote should carry the elec-
tion; nor yet that the majority should rule, if they
did not do so through the agency of the law. It is
the right of the law to rule, and the right of the
majority to make the law; but the majority is as
much hound by the law, whilst it is such, as is the
minority.
I intend to vote for the admission of Kansas as
a State; and in doing this I do not wish so much
to signify my approval of the manner of getting
up the State, and the circumstances surrounding
the application, as I do to declare my conviction
that admission, prompt admission, is the best and
wisestof thealtcrnalives that are before us. There
is much in the details of the proceedings in Kan-
sas that is unpleasant and distasteful—partaking
of evident abuse of the elective franchise on the
one hand, and the attempt to supersede its lawful
use by violence and faction on the other. Kansas
should not be an example for future States; and
I trust our country may never be required to wit-
ness such scenes again. But, sir, whatever may
be the defects on the Lecompton side, on the other
is matured, persistent, and avowed insubordina-
tion to the laws, if not rebellion to the Govern-
ment. Between these, I prefei the former side.
The addition of two members to the family of
States should be cause of general joy, as an event
bringing fraternal affection, energy, power, sta-
bility, progress, and general prosperity, to the
family of States and to our common country.
That these blessings are to follow the admission
of the two States^now on the threshold of the
Union, I hope and believe.
Now, sir, I have done for the present; and as
it is after three o'clock, I think we should vote.
[Laughter.] As I have said nothing for a long
time, I may claim to close the debate.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to make a few remarks
on this question, and a favorable opportunity
being now offered, I avail myself of it.
I at one time expected to participate in the de-
bate at large; but the subject is exhausted by ar-
gument, and the country is demandingand expect-
ing prompt action. I had hoped that my respected
colleague [Mr. Reid] would have been here before
this; and to him I looked to express the voice of
North Carolina on this exciting question. But
the dispensations of an inscrutable Providence
have ordered it otherwise, as he is now confined
by a protracted illness at Richmond, Virginia, at
which place he was arrested on his way here in
the early part of January. He desires me to say
that he would cheerfully vote for the admission
of Kansas under the Lecompton constitution.
And, now, Mr. President, what is the state of
the question? A constitution is sent to us by the
President, adopted under all the forms of law re-
quisite to secure and ascertain the will of the peo-
ple; a constitution republican in its form; and,
although the population of the proposed State is
not so large as I would desire, yet it is manifest
its admission is the surest and most expeditious
mode to preserve peace and quiet, and withdraw
from the political arena the source of agitation
and discord which threatens a serious disruption
of that bond by which we are linked together as
a Confederacy—that Confederacy which is the
hope and joy of the whole earth, and of all who
cherish the love of liberty and the success of free
institutions.
My course, therefore, is a plain one. I vote for
the admission.
I do not see how the frauds, to which allusion
has been made, can affect the question,as now pre-
sented. Admit all that has been charged,and de-
duct such votes from the calculation, and still there
is an overwhelming legal majority of the people
voting for the constitution. I disclaim the least
sympathy for any frauds, or the perpetrators of
them. They deserve the emphatic condemnation
of all honest men. I frankly confess that, from
many circumstances, I have misgivings whether
the people of Kansas are of that character from
which we may hope for an enlightened self-gov-
ernment; but, upon the whole, it is evident that
this measure is the only hope of peace. It is now
a contest between law and rebellion; between the
supporters of the constitution and the constitu-
tional rights of all the States, and those who, in
principle and practice, are opponents of the con-
stitution.
Again: it cannot be denied that the objection
that this constitution has not been submitted to a
popular vote, is not the true reason that influences
the action of the Opposition. The convention that
formed this constitution was called by the voice
of the people. The convention represented their
wishes, and being thijs clothed with authority,
had a right to submit the result of their labors to
a popular vote or not. It is well known that in
no case in the formation of a new State, until the
case of Minnesota, was its constitution required
to be submitted to a popular vote; but a complete
answer to this objection is that we have no right
to compel this submission. To do so, would vio-
late the great doctrine of non-intervention by Con-
gress.
But to allude to the great objection—this con-
stitution tolerates slavery. It has been distinctly
avowed by Senators here—by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] upon my inquiry—
that, if all other objections were removed, this is
a sufficient objection.
Now, it will be remembered that at the forma-
tion of the Constitution of the United Stales,
slavery was not only recognized and protected in
the States, but slavery formed a portion of the
domestic policy of every one of the original States;
certainly all, with one exception.
Now, I do not propose to discuss the morality
of slavery. If it'is immoral, upon us rests the
responsibility. To those who profess to be over-
righteous it is suflicient to say,to your own mas-
ter will you stand or fall. I am alluding to the
political aspect of the question. We formed the
Constitution of the United States, all the S.tate^
being considered and treated as equals, notwith-
standing the institution of slavery!:
Now, to adopt the principle'that you consider
