1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
' arguments that have been employed on this sub-
ject during the long; discussion through which we
have passed; and yet I should not perform my
duty, according to my views, if I omitted to ex-
press my sentiments and feelings on the subject
before the Senate. Idonotintend to occupy your
time with exordiums, sir. The right of the peo-
I ic to govern themselves is the great principle
upon which our Government and our institutions
aii depend. It seems to me that this great prin-
ciple is not inapplicable to the present subject.
The President of the United States communi-
<• ited to us an instrument called the constitution
of the people of the Territory of Kansas, end he
has, with unusual earnestness, advised and rec-
ommended to us to admit Kansas under that con-
t titutioiv, as a State, into this Union. The ques-
1 -on, as it has presented itself to my mind, involves
• ri inquiry as to the matters of fact bearing upon
t lis instrument of writing, and whether these au-
thorize us to regard this instrument as the consti-
tution of the people of Kansas. Is it their con-
stitution ? Docs it embody their will? Does it
 -omc here under such sanctions that we are obliged
1 > regard it, or ought to regard it, as the pcrma-
3-ent, fundamental law and constitution of this
j ew State? I do not think it comes with such
n sanction, or ought to be regarded as the consti-
tution'of the'people of Kansas. Sir, I shall not
occupy your time Ions: on this point.
What are the evidences that it is so? It is made
by a convention, to be sure, called under the au-
i tiority of an act of the Legislature of Kansas. It
i j made by delegates regularly elected by this peo-
ple, and prima facie it would appear that it had
the sanction of the people of Kansas; but I think
there are evidences of a higher character to show
ihat it is nor so, thatit is but in appearance a con-
stitution, and not in reality.
hi the iii st place, the fact is established beyond
all controversy that an overwhelming majority of
the people of Kansas are opposed to this instru-
ment as theirconstitution. The two highest offi-
cers of tne Federal Government lately there un-
< cr appointment from the President oftiie United
> .-tales, Governor Walker and Secretary Stanton,
both assure us of that fact upon their personal
knowledge. That is high evidence to establish the '
fact that K is against the will of an overwhelming !
majority of the people upon whom it is to be im- ■
posed as a constitution. !
That constitution in part was submitted to the
people. I shall not stop now to inquire how it
was submitted, whether fairly or not. A part of
it was submitted, however, to the people, and,
upon a vote taken by the people on the clause thus
submitted, it received six thousand votes, and a
little more. These are the sanctions with which
it comes to us. To this extent, it would seem to
have the popular approbation. But, sir, when you
come to look a little further into the investigations
which have taken place in that Territory, it ap-
pears that of those six thousand votes, about three
thousand were fictitious and fraudulent. That ,
is reported to us by the minority reports of our j
Committee on Territories; that is verified to us
by the proclamation issued by the President of
the Council and the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Territorial Legislature of Kan-
sas. These high officials, who were invited by
Air. Calhoun to witness the counting of the votes
which were returned to him, certify from their
personal knowledge that more than two thousand
of the three thousand votes which were given at
three precincts in the counties of Johnson and
Leavcnwoith were fictitious votes. I only call
your attention to this in order that it may appear
tuuhtully who it was that approved of this con-
stitution.
That vote was taken on the 21st of December.
Before that vote was taken, however, a Legisla-
ture, which was olectcd m October last, and which
met on uie call of the acting Governor, IVjfr. Stan-
ton, in December, passed an act postponing that
vote from the 21st of December to the'4th of Jan-
uary, On the 4th of January, under the provis-
ions of that act, a question was taken upon the
confutation itself broadly. It provided that the
question should be taken upon the Lecompton
constitution witii slavery, upon the Leeomnton
ooiifrtituiioii without slavery, and generally upon
the constitution itself. Lpoti thai occasion, over
Ten tho;ip i■; J vo'cd against the constifuuu'i; and
the i,t u. e <>f :h 'i'-uritory of ivair-ai haw
passed resolutions unanimously protesting against
the reception by Congress of this instrument as
the constitution of the State, declaring that it was
obtained by fraud, and that it has not the sanction
or concurrence of any, except a small minority of
the people. This is the substance of their reso-
lutions.
Now, I ask you, sir, upon this evidence, as a
a judge, to say whether this is the constitution of
the people of Kansas or not? whether the evi-
dence before-yon is that it is an instrument signi-
fying their will and declaring that general and per-
manent law upon which they wish their govern-
ment to be founded? Unless you sfyut your eyes
to the vote taken on the 4th of January, here is
a direct popular evidence and protest against the
constitution; and, even supposing the whole of
the six thousand votes which were given for it on
the 21st of December to be true and real votes,
fairly expressed, it shows that there were ten
thousand other people in the Territory of Kansas
who are opposed to this instrumentand who have
legitimately declared their opposition. Here is
the solemn act of the Legislature of the Territory
protesting against it. These are recorded evi-
dences, as much so as the constitution itself is a rec-
ord, having the same legal sanctions and the same
legal title to our faith and our confidence. How
are you, in law, to make any difference between
these testimonials; to say that you will give effect
to one and will reject the other; that you will give
effect to that which testifies for the minority of
the people, and will reject that which testifies for
the majority of the people; that you will accept
that winch was first given, and reject the last ex-
pn ssions of the popular will ?
It is these last expressions of the popular will
that ought to govern on every principle, just as
much as that a former law must yield to a subse-
quent law m any point of conflict between them.
The last evidence, then, is the vote of the people
on the 4th of January, of ten thousand against it;
and the evidence nearly cotemporaneous with that
is tiie resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas, i
protesting and imploring you not to accept this [
instrument, that it is a fraud -and an imposition :
upon them. I want to know why it is that this '
evidence is not entitled to our consideration and j
to have effect? The President, it seems to me, has -
given us a most unsatisfactory reason. The Pres-
ident says that in recommending the adoption of
this constitution to us, as implied in the admission
of the State, he has not overlooked the vote often
thousand against the constitution given upon the
4th of January; he has considered it; but he holds
it, and he holds the law of the Territorial Legis-
lature under which that vote was taken, to"*be
mere nullities. Why? The law was passed by
the regularly elected Legislatuie of the Territoiy
providing that a vote should be taken on that day;
and why not? Is there anythingm the organic
law, is there anything anywhere that forbids it
—that more forbids it than the passage of the act
for calling a convention by a previous Legislature?
The President bad anticipated that the consti-
tution itself, in whole, and not in part, was to be
submitted to the people. The Governor had so
contemplated, and had so assured and promised
the people. The President regrets that it was
only submitted in part. He regrets that the entire
constitution wa^ not submitted. Though he ac-
cepts as an equivalent the partial submission, he
regrets that it was not submitted as a whole. The
Territorial Legislature, after this constitution was
published, immediately afterwards passed a law
to have a vote, taken upon the entire constitution,
which the President had preferred, and which Mr.
Walker, the Governor, had preferred. What do
they do but carry out and act m perfect accord-
ance with the wishes and opinions of the Presi-
dent and Governor ? And yet the President, who
was for a general submission, and would have
preferred it, says the act of the Legislature, in
accordance with his opinion, is a mcie nullity.
Why? Because, he says, by the previous acts
of the people and of the territorial government the
Territory was so far prepared for admission into
the Union as a State. That is the reason. He I
gives no application of it, but announces as a rea- !
son that it was so far prepared because the con- i
stitution had been made, ready to be offered to ■
Congress, though that constitution had not yet
subnmt"d to the people when this law was
parsed. That war her condition; that was the j
preparation she had made. The only preparation
was, that under the authority of a previous Ter-
ritorial Legislature, a convention had been held,
and a constitution made and published.
•That was the condition of her preparation; and,
because of that preparation, the Territorial Legis-
lature had no power whatever to pass a law to take
a popular vote upon the adoption of that constitu-
tion, to see what the people thought of it; to collect
the evidence of the public will! What could the
Territorial Legislature do, to satisfy themselves,
to satisfy the country, to satisfy the just rights
of the people, but to say a vote shall be taken on
the 4th of January next, in which all the people
shall declare their assent to, or disapprobation of,
this constitution as an entire instrument? What
• is there in this preparation to prevent it? What
i force had the constitution? Could the constitu-
i tion, unacccpted by you, unauthorized by you,
! paralyze and annihilate the legislative power
i which your act of Congress had conferred upon
| the territorial government? Does not that pow«r,
| and all that power, remain as perfect as when you
granted it? And could the power which your act
gave be diminished or lessened by any act of mere
territorial authority? It is palpable that it could
not. No matter what act might be done by the
people of Kansas, call it by what name you please
—-law of the Territorial Legislature, constitution
made by the people—no matter by what name
you call it—the supremacy of the Government of
the United Statee remains untouched and unim-
paired, and all the power of territorial legislation
which it gave may be exercised by the Legisla-
ture.
Of what avail is this constitution until accepted
by Congress, and the State admitted upon it?
; Whom does it bind ? Is it anything more than a
; proposition by the people of Kansas that "we shall
! be admitted with this instrument, which we offer
' as our constitution What more is it? Does it
, bind anybody ? Where does it derive its author-
' ity? The organic'law authorized no legislation
1 by a convention. The convention could exercise
: no legislative power which Congress had given,
i because Congress gave its power to a Territorial
' Legislature, to be elected in a certain manner, and
, to be exercised in a certain manner. The con-
, vention could exercise no legislative power. It
, bound no one. It did not bind the future State;
for, until you accepted it, what prevented the peo-
ple from calling a convention the next day, and
altering or modifying it according to their own
views? Is there anything of reason,of argument,
or of law, to support such a proposition as that
the people are restrained from making another
constitution because they have proposed one not
[yet accepted and acted upon by Congress? I
i think not.
| In my judgment, we have a precedent on our
books which shows I am right in this view, in
the case of Wisconsin. She presented herself here
with a constitution, and asked for admission ac-
, cording to the boundaries which she had assumed
| and declared in that constitution. Congress ad-
j milted her, but admitted her conditionally only,
j Congress objected t© the boundary. It included
ja portion of territory which Congress .thought
j did not properly belong to her. It admitted her,
| however, as a State conditionally; on condition
| that she should hold another convention and as-
] sent to the new boundary that Congress p«o-
; scribed; and upon that assent being thus given,
! the President was to proclaim it, and without
^ further proceeding, she was afterwards to be ,t
■ State m the Union. "What did the people of Wi.s-
i consin do ? Did fhey proceed according to this act
| of Congress, and coll a convention simply for the
j purpose as required by the act of Congress, of
j assenting to this altered boundary ? Not sir: we
; hear no more of that. They passed that act by,
leaded another convention, made another consfi-
! tution, applied to Congress, and were admitted at
. a subsequent session.
j Was not their state of preparation greater than
j the preparation of theTeiritory ofKansas? Here
I Wisconsin was not only in a state of preparation,
' by having made a constitution, but that constitu-
, Hon, wi fli a .-m^lo exception, had received the ap-
' probation of Congress, and she had authority to
callanother convention for the solitary and partic-
ular purpose of assenting to the boundary. She
, passed it by as she might well do. Herpeople said,
, ''it is a wis-rand more .'satisfactory moch- to pas;;' «y
