1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
this act of Congress and to act upon ouracknowl-
edged rights s a Territory to call a convention,
make a new constitution, and submit that to Con-
gress, passing by the President, and the Presi-
dent's proclamation, and receiving our adoption
and admission from the hands of Congress;" and
they dy2 so.
If they could do that, if, prepared as they were,
The laws which thev establish are not of that
|. sicnt character which can be made to-day and
j repealed to-morrow. They are made for per-
! manoncy. They are the great immutahle and
I eternal truths and principles on which all govern-
! meut must rest. They are expected to be per-
j manent. The people delegate to others the power
. ... „ . ,j °f passing your temporary and repealable laws,
thatpreparation did notpreclude them from making ! | They reserve to themselves the great right of
passing those which are permanent and irrejseal
able except by themselves.
Was it not of consequence, was it notofimport-
ance to know the will of the people, whether they
really did approve of this constitution which was
about to be offered to Congress—a law which,
when Congress puts its impriniittiir on it by ad-
mitting the State, is to be permanent? Would it
anotherconstitution,howis this less stateof prep-
aration, on the part of Kansas, topreclude the Ter- <
ritorial Legislature, not from performing the high j
act of calling a convention, but simply of taking j
another vote on a constitution which wasyetto be :
proposed to Congress ? Can any reason be shown?;
No, sir, none. That constitution was* inoperative. <
How long would it have operated ? Suppose cir-j
cnmstances had occurred which had prevented be any harm to take the vote over and over again ?
any application to Congress for years, how long j| What objection could there be to it? You might
would this instrument" have retained its vitality ;! have said " it is an unnecessary care of the peo-
and retained its vigor and authority? One year? pie's rights; you have had their decision once;
A short-lived instrument. Two years? Three j| therefore, it is not necessary to have it again;"
years ? Four years ? How long ? Suppose the ! j but out of abundant care, and abundant zeal you
president, Calhoun, had put this instrument in | "may choose to take it again and again, and ascer-
his pocket and kept it there all the days of his | tain whether there may he change or variation
life, would it ah the days of his life have restrained in the public opinion. Where is the man who
the people of Kansas from taking other steps and can say aught against it? Do you object to it
calling other conventions, and making other con- j because it is taking too great care of public In-
stitutions?
If its authority would not have continued a
lifetime, how long could it continue? No man
can set a limit; and the conclusion, therefore, is
that it never had any binding influence—at any
rate, never such binding influence (and that is all
I am required to show) as to have prevented the
people, if they had changed their minds afte{,
making the first constitution, from calling an-
other convention, and resorting to all means ne-
cessary for the establishment of another consti-
i erty, paying too great respect to popular righu ?
i Nobody will take that ground.
i But it may be said you might-delay the appli-
i cation to Congress by these repeated elections,
j Not at all. You must avoid that as far as you
I can. In this? case it has not delayed it. In this
case this vote was taken before this constitution
i-came before you; while it yet slumbered in the
j hands of President Calhoun. No objection can
j be made, then, that this was made the cause of,
i or intended merely for the purpose of delay. The
! result shows that it was necessary and proper.
The result shows that notwithstanding th* vote
of six thousand, though all real, here were ten
tution, and then to offer it to you. It is theirs to
offer, and ours to dispose of, and they are free up !
to the last moment to make known to Congress ; . , . ..  p
what is their will and what is their determination j thousand who were opposed to it. I say, ther
in relation to the fundamental law of the State j fore, this is not the constitution of the people of
which they are about to establish. y Kansas. It may in a certain sense bo a con-
Is not this all perfectly clear to our reason? j1 stitution offered by the convention to the people
Are there any fictions of law; are there any tech- of Kansas; but which the people of Kansas by
ten thousand majority have rejected, have law-
fully rejected in the last vote, as it was lawfully
approved by the six thousand first voting'in the
preceding December,.
I say, then, Mr. President, upon the record evi-
dence, upon all the evidence, this is not the con-
stitution of the people of Kansas. It is not the
constitution under which they desire that you
shall admit them into tin1 CJnfon. Now, will you,
nicalities springing out of these instruments, gov-
erning their force and effect, to prevent this con-
clusion? Is this constitution to be made up into
a little plea of estoppel against the people? Are
the little rules which we are to gather fiom West-
minster Hall, the little saws m actions at law
that do well enough to'decide little questions of
meum and tnura among Ay B, and C, to be applied
as the measure to those great and sovereign prin-
ciples on winch States and peoples rest for their '] against their will, forca them into the Union under
rights and their liberties ? No, sir. This is a
great political question, open, free to be judged of
according to God's,truth and the rights of the
people unrestrained, unincumbeied, unimpaiied
by any fiction or by any technicality which could
prevent the full scope of your-jasticc and your
reason over the whole subject.
Therefore, sir, this state of preparation of the
Territory of Kansas for admission into the Union
has no effect. The argument is not applied; the
fact is merely stated that there is a state of prep-
aration, and there it would be necessary to stop
on any doctrine on that subject; for, m my own
judgment, no argument can be made even of any
ordinary plausibility to show that the state of
a constitution \thich they disapprove? That is
the question. You know the fact that ten thou-
sand against six thousand are opposed to the con-
stitution. You know that by the act of their Ter-
ritorial Legislature that they entreat you not to
admit them with tins constitution. They tell you,
moreover, as one of their reasons, not only that
they disapprove of the whole constitution, but
that it is particularly hateful to them because the
votes given for it, or apparently given for it, were,
to u great extent, fraudulent and fictitious. The
Legislature tells you1 that nine tenths of the peo-
ple there are opposed to it.
Now, would it not be .strange, that under these
circumstances, we should, without any motive for
preparation restrains the people of their natural ; it that I know of, as the cemrnon arbiters of all
Q Tl/I It* rl .1 ■> I I > t   . . * T . . . _ ) _ -s. _ 1 ... n.1. i ~ ~ n ^ ..... .. ) O If. 1 ^ t tv n ^ A M V .-V . « . . A n 1.^ ft   1
arid indefeasible right and their legal right as pro
claimed by you to form with perfect freedom
their own institutions before they come into the
Union. There is no technicality about it.
Here, it seems to me, applies thatgreat principle
to which I adverted at first, that the people have
a right to govern themselves. I mean of course
according to the constitutions and laws such as
they have. This people had no constitution,
could have no constitution: and when the act of
the Territorial Legislature was nassed requiiing
a vote to be taken on this constitution, they had
full authority to pass that law. Their hands were
not bound. Here was a great act about to bo
done, an ac£ to bind the State, to give it a new
character, to give it new institutions, to put upon it
a constitution—that panoply of the rights of ail.
This was the great act to be done; it is an act
which none but the people can do through them-
selves or their proper representatives.^ Itis in ail ,\ in fraud^to denri-u; them of their rights
cases directly or by reference the act of the people, p lieve that, and I think can be shown.
Teriitoiies and States to the extentof our consti-
tutional power, force her into the Union? What
motive can we have, what ri^ht motive, with the
knowledge of these facts, to force her into the
Union,aii**to enforce upon her this constitution?
1 cannot IcpI myself authorized to do such a thing.
Of course 1 do'not impugn the motive* and the
views of others, who, taking a different view,
act from different motives from mine. They act
unon one view, and I upon another; but it seems
to me that to do this is a plain, unmistakable vio- _
lation of the right of the people to govern them-
selves.
I have endeavored to show you, sir. that this
is not the constitution of the people of Kansas,
according to the recorded evidence of their will.
It seems to me, furthermore, that this constitution
is a fi.iud. it is not only not their constitution,
according to their will, but it is got up and mede
I be-
The President of the United States has furnished
us an argument on this subject, and h has been
oftentimes repeated herein tiie debate—of course
; a plausible and ingenious argument, as all must
I admit, even those who deny the solidity of -the
j reasoning. What is the argument? The Presi-
• dent says that the sense of the people was taken,
; and proved to be in favor of calling a convention.
: The convention was called; delegates were elected;
! those delegates made a constitution; that consti-
I tution was submitted to the people in part, and ap-
, provea bv a vote of six thousand, taken according
• to law. Well,all these,you will observe,constitute
| a tissue, a long series of little legalities, regulari-
: ties, and technicalities; and the reasoning of the
j President is founded on technical points on each
[ of these facts. You mustadmitall the facts. Yes,
j sir, the facts are all true; and if they alone con-
i stituted the case, the conclusion would be fair and
right that this constitution has been regularly
made; that this constitution has been sanctioned
by the people as well as by the convention. But
is there no more in the ease than this? There is
a great tlcal more in the case than this.
When frauds have, been alleged and charged
against this government of Kansas, gentlemen
say, (t ah, but these frauds were in other elections;
these frauds do not particularly and specifically
touch this constitution, or the proceedings which
led to this constitution." But suppose there were
frauds in relation to it: is it not something if I
show you that, in regard to that part of the con-
stitution which was submitted to the people to be
i ratified by them, and was nothing until the people
! had ratified it even accordingto the constitution
j itself, there was fraud in that election, and abun-
! dance of fraud ? So glaring, so impudent, and so
j fearless had frauds in elections become there, that
! upon that very poll list, in one of the precincts* (I
| forget whether it was in Oxford, or Shawnee, or
, that other precinct that emulates these in its char-
• acterfor fraud, Iuckapoo,) you find that the Prcs-
( ident of the United States, Colonel Benton, and
; the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Srward,]
| were there, it seems, or fictitious votes were put
! in for them by somebody, and a long list of per-
sons of that sort figure on the poll-book at these
miserable precincts as actual voters. That was
the vote on the constitution on December 21; that
was on the part submitted to the people. They
were the constitution-making power there, and
, there 1 show you the fraud.
1 What further frauds there were I know not;
. but this much is apparent—and later develop-
ments show greater frauds still—that one single
i piecinct, where there were only thirty or forty
■ votc-s to be taken legitimately, there were over
1 twelve hundred; and under the investigation lately
made by commissioners in Kansas, that upon
, sworn testimony is stated to be the fact. In one
: piecinct there were twelve hundred fraudulent
; and fictitious votes out of twelve hundred and
sixty; seven hundred in another, and over six
' hundred in another; making in the aggregate
twenty-six hundred votes in three precincts, eh-
, tireiy fraudulent and fictitious, or to a great extent
fictitious, written out by hundreds on the poll-
book after tne election was over, put on without
' scruple upon the poll-book, upon the election
| return, put down without scruple during the
! election, of those who were qualified, and those
! who were not qualified; and that is the way this
constitution in part has received its sanction,
jj But, sir, I think that we should take a very
partial view of this subject, one very unsatisfac-
! tory to our judgment, if we were to isolate these
! facts which have direct relation only to the form-
ation of this constitution, and leave out all the
. surrounding circumstances. It seems to me that
| the proper and the jusUmodc of regarding this
i constitution is to consider it as one of a series of
' acts, and see if we can find that the whole action
| and operation of all those acts were to lead to one
general purpose—that of maintaining by fraud
i and by falsehood the power and the government
I of the minority, and their offices to them against
! th" will of the great majority of the voters. I say
j it is an act connected with ail the other acts. The
j whole case is to be taken, and every part of it
; judged of in this connection.
' Now, what was the first aet ? That is histor-
ical. We may a:l sneak of it now, though we
1 disputed it at the time. The fustLegislature that
, was elected m Kansas under the organic act; was
