1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
150
currency. Well, now, sir, I have lived in the
walks of business, in an humble sphere, for a great
many years; I have seen many revulsions; but I
have seen none so wide sweeping and destructive
as that through which we are now passing. In
this I entirely disagree with the honorable Sen-
ator from New York. This results from no fool-
ish, unfounded notion—it lies at the foundation
of wealth and prosperity among men. I know
that the English journals attribute the disasterand
distress in this country to a mere idle panic; I
know they considered themselves altogether be-
yond its reach and influence; and they said the
Americans would soon be over it; but in a very
few days I found that our "cousins" abroad
began to share of the same cup of which we had
been drinking.
Mr. President, as I understand the condition
of our Government, it is similar to the condition
of individuals and States and communities. We
have bought more than we have been able to pay
for. Now, I am going to examine with the ut-
most attention that £ am able to bestow in the
short space of time allowed me, the foundations
on which the President of the United States has,
in his message, based the opinion that the present
disastrous revulsion has been caused by the
vicious expansion and contraction of the currency
of this country by the banks. If he has been
misled or mistaken as to the cause of the evil, we
are bound to believe that he would not have sug-
gested the remedy which is proposed. If we find
that the causes are to be found in elements en-
tirely opposite to those suggested by him, we are
bound in fairness to conclude that an entirely op-
posite remedy from that which he has proposed
should be applied. I shall not now examine the
immediate operation of this bill; for I will say to
the Senator from Virginia that I do not believe
in holding public officers too strictly to their esti-
mates. If the state of the Treasury, no matter
from what cause, requires something of this kind,
and if the Senator will so arrange the bill as to
make it a temporary measure, to carry us over a
hard place, I have no objection to it; but if it is
to be made part and parcel of a system of meas-
ures, such as have been suggested, ignoring all
the means of improvement and redress to which,
during the whole history of this Government, we
have been in the habit of looking, I must object
to it at the outset.
I have adverted to the great importance of the
relation of debtor and creditor. I shall say noth-
ing as to the delicate relations of debtor and
creditor existing between private individuals, and
I suppose the President did not mean to allude
to them. There are other instances of this rela-
tion which it is for us to consider—the relation
of debtor and creditor between communities, be-
tween States, and between nations. I would here
suggest to Senators an old, unanswered maxim,
said to have been given by the wisest mail of our
race, that the borrower is always the servant of
the lender. In my experience, having generally
been the servant of the capitalist in this respect,
so far as I know, a creditor is a hard master. I
believe that this nation is now suffering under the
lash of such a master by reason of a vicious pol-
icy. "We have bought more than we have sold,
and the action of the Government has tended to
produce this result.
When we come to consider the sources of
wealth, the means of extricating ourselves from
difficulty, every statesman looks to lahor—pro-
ductive labor. No ingenuity in framing Treas-
ury notes or bank notes will liquidate our debts.
We must look to that exhaustless source of
wealth, the labor of the people, extracting it from
the bowels of the earth, and fabricating it into
forms essential for society. What we save over
and above that which is consumed by this labor
is aggregated from century to century, and forms
the wealth of the world. There is no other means
of wealth. Commerce is nota source of wealth.
It is an instrument to transmit the productions of
one country to others, for consumption. Trade
is not a source of wealth. Look at our society,
and you find that three fourths of the population
of the United States is engaged in productive
labor. The other fourth is engaged in exchang-
ing the products of this labor, m keeping the ac-
counts of these exchanges, and in foreign com-
merce, which, so far as navigation is concerned,
adds to our wealth by the freights earned, by
carrying the productions to the consumer. The
statistics show, in the aggregate, that three fourths
of our people are engaged in agriculture, manu-
factures, and the mechanic arts—in fact, in pro-
viding food and clothing and shelter for man.
These are necessaries, and these are all the em-
ployments that make a man's labor more pro-
ductive to himself and to the world. The others
are employed in exchanges, in keeping accounts,
and instructing men m the ordinary branches of
education and in piety and morals—all useful.
You must, however, look for y.our source of
wealth only to those engaged in productive labor.
The others promote the comfort and happiness
of the world in matters not necessaries. I do not
mean to exclude them from the benefits they en-
joy, but I wish to speak in behalf of the laboring
men of this country. In a time like this I dis-
like to see these expedients about paper resorted
to for the purpose of relieving us from a calamity
that makes honest, willing labor seek your tables
for bread. I have a right to ask Senators to con-
sider the condition of this labor, and to consider
what it has done for the other classes of society,
and what it would now do if the opportunity
were afforded. If you look to the consumption
of all that is produced by the efforts of men in
the United States of America, I venture to assert
that the one fourth of the people engaged inactive
pursuits, who do not produce anything for the
sustenance of society, consume more annually
than the whole three fourths of the people en-
gaged in producing the means of subsistence.
I think, then, that the people who do the labor
of the country have a right to claim our deliberate
attention when we are providing measures to es-
cape from the present condition of things; and I
am sure they will have this attention on the part
of the Senate. I make no appeal to what is called
the popular current of public sentiment. I mean
to speak candidly and frankly what I believe;and
whether it be popular or unpopular, I care not the
weight of one feather; but I wish to have imputed
to me nothing but an honest purpose in what I
say.
Sir, I do not belie\e there is any great mystery
in political economy. I never did believe there
was any great mystery in the affairs of human
government. I have been in the habit of reading
from one of the fathers of the Republic, Mr. Jef-
ferson. In the first movements of this people to
be rid of the dominion of the British Crown, an
address was drawn up by Mr. Jefferson to be pre-
sented to George III., and in the body of that pe-
tition, as it was calltd, this sentence was found;
£i Tlie true art ot governing is the ait ol tiem? honest, and
to acquire that doe= not need the advice of many counsel-
ors."
That is my notion. I do not wish to read a
great many books about government, or to take
much counsel as to how men shall get their living.
I have been in the habit of getting my living by
the plow, which is as honest a way as any I
know; and I have done something in other pur-
suits.
The President of the United States, as I have
said, attributes the present financial distress to
the action of the banks. I have before me the
bank returns so far as they are to be found in the
archives of the Senate, and I ask the attention of
Senators to what these returns disclose; for I
suppose they are precisely those on which the
President has formed his opinion. I am aston-
ished that, on such data, any officer of the United
States Government should propose to change the
policy of the country, and to overturn a system of
measures which I regard as more essential to,our
advancement to wealth and distinction now, than
at any period of our history. The President has
also alluded to the opeiation of the Bank of Eng-
land in 1835, to illustrate his position that national
banks cannot regulate the currency. When I
come to that point I shall call attention to a little
piece of English history to show how England
acted when she undertook to review her system;
but I wish now to see whether there has, within
the last year, been any alarming increase of the
paper currency of our fourteen hundred " irre-
sponsible" banks, as they are called by the Pres-
ident.
He tells us that this calamity has come upon us
because the currency of the country is in the con- ,
trol of fourteen hundred " irresponsible" banks, i
I should like to know in what sense the President i
uses this term. If he means that the banks char-
tered by the States are "irresponsible" to tliis
Government, I admit it; for they were not cre-
ated by this Government, and have nothing to do
with it. If he means that the fourteen thousand
persons who control them—there being, on aft
average, ten directors to each bank—are irrespon-
sible men, I take issue with him. In my delib-
erate judgment, these fourteen thousand directors,
controlling the affairs of these fourteen hundred
institutions, are as responsible and reliable as any
fourteen thousand men who can be found in the
country, so far as their pecuniary condition or
their position in society is concerned'.
In the first place, I desire the Senate to under-
stand what I suppose to be the relation of the
banks to society. So far as they are banks of
issue, they are responsible to the public; theyare
public institutions affecting the interests and busi-
ness of the country. Every Legislature in the
land holds them to a strict account for the man-
ner in which they exercise this public function of
furnishing a currency for the community in which
they are located, and I believe they generally ex-
ercise this power with a view to the general good
of the community for whose benefit they have
been created. The aggregate number of banks in
the several States, according to the returns before
us, was, in 1856, thirteen hundred and ninety-
eight—near enough, for all "practical purposes, to
the President's fourteen hundred. The aggregate
circulation of our banks in 1854, was $204,689,20T;
in 1855, $186,952,223; in 1856, #195,747,950. The
circulation last year was less than it was three
years ago. Surely there is no inflation here. The
circulation in each of these years was so nearly
uniform that it can hardly be considered that any
changc has taken place since 18541 A deduction,
however, must be made from the figures that £
have given, for bank notes held by the banks
themselves. This leaves the actual amount of
currency furnished by the banks to the people in
1854, $182,030,141; in 1855, $163,522,705; in 1856,
$170,968,903. This was the actual amount of
currency furnished by these fourteen hundred in-
stitutions for the transfer of the products of labor
from the producer to the. consumer. The Pres-
ident suggests that the banks should be required
to have in their vaults specie to the amount of one
third their circulation to make the currency reli-
able. The returns show that the actual coin held
by the banks was,in 1854, §59,410,253; in 1855,
$53,944,546; m 1856, $59,314,063. Add to these
sums the amount of specie funds held by the
banks, consisting of drafts on the sub-Treasury
and other assets equivalent to specie, and we
have the actual quantity of specie and specie funds
held by the banks to be,in 1854, §84,989,506; in
1855, 375,880,284; in 1856, $79,250,773; showing
that they had specie to the amount of nearly half
their currency all the time on hand for the re-
demption of their bills.
I know that it is an easy matter to excite a feel-
ing of aversion to the banking institutions, be-
cause, as banks of issue, they sustain the relation
of debtors to the community; they owe the people
more than they have the immediate means of
paying, but their operations in another capacity
—as banks of discount, where the community is
debtor to them—present another aspect.
The amount due to the banks, by their indi-
vidual debtors, including the stocks held by them,
was, in 1854, $601,748,109; in 1855, $628,871,840;
in 1856, $683,668,495. During the same period,
all the indebtedness of the banks, including their
deposits and the remainder of their circulation,
amounted, in 1854, to $285,229,379; in 1855, to
§278,042,763; in 1856, to $304,422,790. This
shows that the community owe to the banks
more than the banks owe to them. In considering
the conduct of the banks, the question is, whether
they have pursued their debtors far enough to
make their circulation sound?_ They can only
redeem their circulation by ealling in their debts,
and this they have done. By calling in their debts,
and thus contracting their accommodations, they
create ill feeling among those who are their debt-
ors. It is easy for any one operating on public
sentiment, to giv'e force to this ill feeling towards
these institutions. The President speaks of them
only as banks of issue; but he must know, and
every man must know, that they can only pay
coin for the demands on them by further con-
tracting their accommodations to the community.
