1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Slidell.
Senate.
it had attained at least a population which is es-
tablished as the basis of representation in the
other House. I yielded that point, as I am always
prepared to yield on any question of expediency,
to the opinions and wishes of the majority of
those with whom I am politically associated, and
especially to the judgment of the Senator from
Illinois, whom we were all then proud to recog-
nize as our leader and champion.
I shall vote for the admission of Kansas with
the Lecompton constitution, not that I now have,
or ever have had, any strong hope that slavery
will be permanently established there; but because
I feel myself bound to discharge in good faith the
obligations which I assumed in 1854 and 1856,
and because, should she now be refused admis-
sion, I know that, whatever may be the pretext,
the real motive is that she has psgsented to us a
constitution recognizing slavery. Some rare ex-
ceptions in either House may be found of mem-
bers honestly casting their votes against her ad-
mission on other grounds; but if that admission
be now refused, the existence of slavery will be
the determining cause, and such will be tie unan-
imous interpretation of the South. "We of the
slaveholding States can have no reliance for safety
in the future but on stern, uncompromising ad-
herence to the absolute, unqualified principle of
non-intervention on the part of Congress in the
question of slavery. In this case we are the more
imperatively called upon to insist upon the appli-
cation of this doctrine, because we are contending
only for the abstract principle, while our oppo-
nents will probably enjoy all the immediate party
advantages resulting from the admission. It is
this circumstance which makes the course of our
opponents more offensive to us; with us it is a
point of honor—we are struggling for the main-
tenance of a principle, barren, it is true, of present
practical fruits, but indispensable for our future
protection—one which we are determined never
to yield. You are not willing even that Kansas
shall become a free State unless you can at the
same time inflict a gratuitous insult on the South.
In this I am assuming to be correct the assertion
so repeatedly and confidently made, and which in
fact forms the staple of nearly all the argument
and declamation which we have heard almost
daily since the meeting of Congress, that a vast
majority of the people of Kansas are opposed to
the existence of slavery within her limits. If,
then, she be refused admission because it nom-
inally and temporarily exists there, what may we
expect when application shall be made by a State
of which it will be a real and enduring institution ?
The scale of political preponderancy is constantly
gravitating with increased rapidity in favor of
the free States. If even now they are disposed
to treat us with contumely and injustice, what
may we expect when we shall be comparatively
weak and defenseless? As yet we have abund-
ant means to protect ourselves from aggression;
and if the issue is to be made in our day or that
of our children, it is wiser and safer for us to
make it now. But we are assured that there is
no reason for our apprehensions; that there is
no considerable party at the North disposed to
interfere with slavery in the States. No one who
has observed the course of things here will place
the least confidence in these asseverations. They
are constantly falsified by the votes of Senators;
and, as they gather courage from success, by their
deliberate declarations, they now throw off the
mask which has heretofore disguised their pur-
poses. I will cite a very recent instance: A bill
was reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations to pay from an unexpended balance in
the Treasury a sum of money to certain persons
for whom it had been received in trust, under a
provision of the treaty of Ghent, for slaves car-
ried off by the enemy in the last war with Great
Britain. On what ground was it opposed by the
senior Senator from New York? On the ground
that the proof of loss and ownership was defect-
ive, or that the fund was exhausted? No; on
the broad, naked ground that the Senator would
never by his vote recognize the right of owner-
ship of man in man. His name is consequently
found recorded m the negative with those ofevery
Senator of his party present, with the single ex-
ception of the Senator from Wisconsin, who sits
furthest from me, [Mr. Doolittle.] The same
Senator from New York still more recently said:
" I expect to see this Union stand until there shall
not be the footstep of a slave impressed upon the
soil that it protects." Now, without being dis-
posed to make indiscreet inquiries as to the age of
that Senator, I may .fairly infer, from the large
space he has so long filled in the public eye, that
he cannot want more than ten to fifteen years to
attain that term which the inspired Psalmist has
given as the ordinarily allotted period of human
life—threescore and ten. The Senator expects
to live to see slavery totally abolished in every
State and Territory of the Union—thatis, within
fifteen years. He, of course, will not pretend to
say that the slaves will be voluntarily emancipated
in that brief interval. Congressional legislation
and the strong arm of executive power must be
brought to bear to effect such results; and I pre-
sume that the Senator only awaits the admission
of a few more free States to initiate his plan of
operations. Had these declarations been made
by any other Senator, I should have paid but lit-
tle attention to them; but, coming from his lips,
they are peculiarly significant. He is " facile prin-
ceps," emphatically the chief of the Abolition
party, or, as they please to call themselves, the
Republican party. He always weighs well his
words, and knows the full import of them; is in-
variably courteous and respectful in his language
and deportment, and carefully abstains from say-
ing anything personally offensive to southern
men. It is this very moderation of manner that
renders him the more dangerous enemy. What
he says, he will act up to should his party obtain
the ascendency. Let us hear no more, then, of
our rights being respected by that Senator and
his associates, if ever they shall find themselves
in a majority in both branches of Congress, with
a President of their choice.
The State which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent is, from the character of her population, her
peculiar geographical position, eminently conserv-
ative; the Union has on this floor no more devoted
adherent than I am; in this, I obey not only the
dictates of my individual judgment and feelings,
but faithfully reflect the sentiments of a vast ma-
jority of the people of Louisiana. But it is the
Union of the Constitution, the union of States
having equal rights and privileges—that is the
Union to which myallegiance is due, which I have
sworn to support, and to which I shall ever be
found faithful. I have not belonged to the ultra
school of politics. Some, indeed, of my constit-
uents, if asked, would perhaps be disposed to
question the entire orthodoxy of my State-nghts
pri nciples, as not being quite as advanced as tliei rs.
This, however, we will not dispute about. 1 am
willing to be judged by my acts, if unfortunately
the time for action shall arrive. But let me tell
Senators on the other side, be the shades of opin-
ion among us what they may. that m whatever
may touch the rights or honor of the South she
will present an undivided front to resist encroach-
ment, be the consequences what they may. As
to the slang phrases with which our ears are con-
stantly regaled here, of slave-drivers, slave-breed-
ers, tiaffickers in human flesh, &c , &c , they ex-
cite in us no other feeling than contempt; they are
only worthy of consideration insomuch as they
may be supposed to express the feelings and pan-
der to the passions of a majority of tne constitu-
ents of those who employ them. A mere looker-
on would observe no excitement here or among
our people at home; he would perhaps be sur-
prised to find that.there were no popular meetings,
no indignant speeches, no menacing resolutions.
You misconstrue our calmness. The time was
when declarations such as 1 have cited from the
Senator from New York would have caused a gen-
eral cry of angry defiance. We now listen to them
with an apparent apathy, which you, perhaps,
mistake for indifference. It is this very coolness
which, if it were understood, would most alarm
that portion of our northern brethren who really
love the Union. It is the quiet,fixed, determined
purpose, not wasting itself in idle words, infinitely
mote portentous of evil than the most clamorous
demonstrations. Admit Kansas by this bill, and
all agitation will cease. In a few short weeks the i
people of the North will man-el at the excitement
produced by a question which to them has really j
affect their interests, that a few hundred slaves
shall be held by their masters in Kansas or in
Missouri? The abolition of slavery in Kansas
would not give freedom to a solitary being.
And, in this connection, it will be an economy
of time for me to say now, that I fully recognize
the right of a State Legislature,vat all times, to
call a convention of delegates of the people for the
amendment or total change of an existing consti-
tution, even although that constitution may con-
tain provisions forbidding its amendment for a
certain period, and establishing certain formalities
and limitations for thccxercise of the right. This
rightofthe people ofaState to be exercised through
the majority of their Legislature is, in my opinion,
absolute and inalienable; but were it not so atall
times and under all circumstances, it is expressly
guarantied to the people of Kansas by the second
article of their bill of rights; besides, I think that,
general principles and the bill of rights apart,
by the very terms of the constitution it may be
amended at pleasure until the last day of Decem-
ber, 1864. Entertaining these views, I am pre-
pared to vote, with a mere verbal correction, for
the amendment of the junior Senator from Ohio,
or for any other amendment of a similar charac-
ter—not that I consider it in any degree necessary
to guaranty the right of the people of Kansas to
alter and amend their constitution in their own
time and in their own way, but because it may
remove doubts and scruples on the paitof others
which I do not share. The amendment will not
be in any sense a congressional interpretation of
the constitution of Kansas, but a mere declaration
that it is not our purpose, even by implication, to
impair or limit the rights of the people of that
State, whatever they may be—a surplusage dic-
tated by an abundant caution, and to which no
reasonable objection can be made.
It has been suggested that this may be consid-
ered as a compromise. If I thought it in any de-
gree, however slight, the compromise of a prin-
ciple, it would not receive my assent; but I will
not, from the fear of being charged with a dispo-
sition to compromise, withhold my vote from an
amendment which some of our friends from the
free States desire to see incorporated m the bill.
They have, in despite of popular clamor and par-
tisan denunciation, stood nobly by us m support
of our constitutional rights, and are entitled at our
hands to every concession, short of a surrender
of principle, which they may ask of us. If we re-
ject this bill, the agitation gotten up by plotting
and unscrupulous politicians, operating upon the
passions and prejudices of the people of the free
States, will be prolonged and aggravated until a
peaceful solution of this vital question of slavery
will become impossible. We nave every reason,
so far as material interests are concerned, to be a
united and harmonious people; but we cannot
shut our eyes to the melancholy fact that at this
day there prevails between the masses of the peo-
ple of the eastern and southern States as deep a
feeling of alienation — I might sny of animosity—
as ever existed between England and France.
The fate of this measure will probably decide
whether this feeling shall be kept alive and em-
bittered until longer continuance of a connection
so distasteful and repulsive to both parties shall
be intolerable, or whether we shall strive by a
generous emulation in the interchange of good of-
fices, by an abandonment of all irritating subjects
of discussion, to become once more what we were
in the infancy of the Republic—States sisters in
feeling as in name. What I have said of the con-
sequencesof the rejection of this bill is in no spirit
of bravado or menace; it is uttered more in sor-
row than in anger and with a full sense of the re-
sponsibility which attaches to it. I anticipate the
old clamor of treason and revolution against all
who venture to speak the truth on this question;
i but if it weie not told now, it might be too late to
avert the danger that threatens the existence of a
Union which in better days I was wont to believe
would be perpetual.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that such of the ab-
sentees as have presented themselves be called
upon for their excuses. I move that the Clerk
call the names of such as are present, and that
they give their excuses for their absence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it require a quorum
no practical importance. How can it m any way ii of the Senate to act on that matter?
