70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
But I shall not dwell longer on this point. I know
that there is nothing in the figures which will
justify anybody in concluding that the banks have
improperly inflated or contracted the currency,
except, perhaps, during the present troubles, and
in regard to them we have no returns. Then this
particular feature, to which the President lias
attributed the present revulsion, fails him.
It is a question which has much exercised the
attention of men, how far the issues of banks
and the currency of a country affect its general
business and the prices of productions. In 1832,
the charter of the Bank of England being about to
expire, a committee of secrecy was appointed to
examine the affairs of that institution, with a view
of making any new provisions that might be ne-
cessary in the constitution of the bank. The
committee consisted of Lord Viscount Althorp,
Sir Robert Peel, Baronet, Lord John Russell,
Mr. Goulburn, Sir James Graham, Baronet, Mr.
Herries, Mr. Poulett Thomson, Mr. Courtenay,
• Colonel Maberly, Sir Henry Parnell, Baronet,
Mr. Vernon Smith, Mr. John Smith, Mr. Rob-
arts, Sir Matthew Ridley,Baronet, Mr. Attwood,
Sir John Newport, Baronet, Mr. Baring, Mr.
Irving, Mr. Warburton, Mr. George Philips, Mr.
James Morrison, Lord Viscount Morpeth, Mr.
Lawley,Sir John YVrottesley, Baronet,Lord Cav-
endish, Mr. Alderman Wood, Mr. Strutt, Mr.
Bonham Carter, Mr.'Edward John Stanley, and
Mr. Alderman Thompson. The committee ex-
amined the officers of the Bank of England, and
the presidents of the local banks, and the private
bankers, and the whole examination is contained
in a folio volume of six hundred and seventy
pages. This volume contains information as to
the effect of the currency on the prices of every
leading article of produce, and the effect of the
Bank of England on all the relations of society,
so far as could be ascertained. The result was
the recharter of the bank, without any material
alteration in its former constitution or charter, I
believe.
The President tells us that a-national bank can
do nothing towards regulating the currency and
keeping it uniform, because we had two such na-
tional institutions and they did not do it. Every-
body must recollect, however, that for the forty
years we had a national institution, with a view
of regulating the currency, we had 110 suspension
of specie payments. He further says, that the i
Bank of England, in 1825, in its effort to con- j
tract the paper circulation of the country banks,
utterly failed, and thatas fast as the Bank of Eng-
land contracted its own issues, the country banks
issued their own notes to supply the vacuum.
When this part of the message was read, it struck ;
me as one of the most singular statements I had j
ever heard. I happened to be in business that j
year, and profess to be acquainted with some of i
the causes which led to the revulsion in England ;
then, and they are precisely the causes^ which ;
have led to the present revulsion here. The dif- j
ference between the cases is, that England was :
then our debtor, now we are debtors to her. The ,
English speculated to a large extent in our great |
staples. I recollect that at that time I bought on j
speculation, the only cotton which I ever bought ;
to sell. Knowing that I was engaged in pur-
chasing sea island cotton for my own use, a
cautious merchant, knowing the effect of appear-
ing in the market as a speculator, offered me half
the profits of the transaction if I would go into
the market in Providence, and buy all the sea
island cotton there. I bought in the month of
December, 1824, on his statement to me that it
was lower than he had ever known it to be, in
comparison with the short cotton, and there was
news that the sea island crop was cut off by
storms. I paid twenty-seven cents a pound for
the best of that cotton, and it was sold to a Sa-
vannah cotton factor to go back to Savannah, at
seventy cents a pound, and he resold it to Eng-
lish speculators. We made more than one hun-
dred and thirty dollars a bale on it, and it went to
England with a further profit added to that. If
anybody can find wilder speculation than this, I
should like to see the instance. England then
bought more than she could pay for, and was in
debt to us, but we did not experience any great
trouble from that revulsion. There is no trouble
in any revulsion, except that you may lose part
of your profits, if you are yourself out of debt.
1 have examined the condition of the Bank of
England in 1825, to see whether the President
was not misled as to the efforts of that bank
during those troubles. I was surprised to hear
the assertion that an institution like the Bank of
England, under a charter, and with powers from
the English nation from the foundation of their
constitutional Government, was not able to reg-
ulate the currency. The constitutional privileges
and powers of the British Government were em-
bodied into form in the reign of William III.,
in 1688, and the charter of the Bank of England
was granted in 1693. I suppose that to be one
of the reasons" why our forefathers, being de-
scended from England, soon after making our
Constitution, established a national bank, in con-
formity with the usages of their ancestors. That
is my notion; but, whatever may be its origin,
every man who has read the history of the last
sixty or seventy years knows, that in the struggle
through which England went from 1797 (when
she ordered the issue of pound notes, passed a
restriction act to prevent her bank from paying
coin, and jesolved on a paper currency to carry
on her internal trade and sustain her finances, in
conjunction with her policy of protection for her
national industry—a system of measures which
excited the jealousy of nearly all Europe) to
1815—the end of this struggle—her system of
banking and currency, and her system of pro-
tection to labor, carried her successfully through
a war with an embattled continent, an achieve-
ment the world had never seen for magnitude.
He will not talk about the Bank of England
being unable, in time of peace, to control the cir-
culation of the country banks. With a system
of currency, and finance, and protection, such
as no other nation had then enjoyed, England
triumphed, although her enemies were led by a
captain such as the world had never seen. I do
not say he was the greatest general, for I believe
we have had one greater, but, as a captain, the
world never witnessed a man like Napoleon
Bonaparte; yet the British, from their little island—
but a speck, as it were, in the ocean—went through
this war, against the combined Powers of the
continent, and carried their commercial system
as triumphantly as they did their arms. It appears
to me singular that a man who has read her his-
tory can say that an institution which has accom-
plished wonders like these was not able to control
the issues of the country banks of England.
Mr. President, I have no great partiality for
England, but if there is anything that makes me
proud of being descended irom Englishmen, it is
the spirit they manifested in this apparently un-
equal contest. Sir, I glory in being descended
fiom Old England. Those who fought at Agin-
court and Cressy, atTrafalgar and the Nile—not
this modern kind of England, not this shop-keep-
ing, cent-per-cent kind of England, that they have
now-a-days. Look at the recent orders of the
First Lord of the Treasury—Lord Palmerston.
He says to the Bank of England, " you may trans-
cend the law, you may issue more than you have
a right to do under the charier, ar.d we will bring
m an act of indemnity; but do not issue at less
than ten per cent., and the Government and bank
will agree on a division of the spoils." That is
the kind of England that I do not like—note-
shaving England. I shall not, however, com-
ment on England. I suppose we are no way
concerned about them, except to pay what we
owe them and avoid gettmg'm their debt again.
That is my doctrine.
If I am not mistaken, any man who will read
the book to which I have alluded, containing
the testimony obtained by the English commit-
tee of secrecy, will have an utter detestation of
these little modern notions about regulating cur-
rency and trade by exacting usurious rates of
interest. The Bank of England year commences
on the 1st of March, and ends on the 28th of
February. The returns are made up semi-an-
nually, on the 28th of February and 31st of
August; but in 1825, there being an unusual con-
dition of things, there were three returns during
the year. On the 28th of February, 1855, the
circulation of the bank was .£20,753,760, and the
deposits i£10,168,780. The securities held by the
bank, or, as we call them, the loans and discounts,
were, to the Government, ifl9,447,588; and to in-
dividuals, >£5,503,742; and the amount of coin,
.=£8,779,100. Multiply these figures by five and
you reduce them to our currency. The bank had
about forty million dollars of coin and over one
hundred million of notes in circulation, and it
held the paper of private individuals to theamount
of $25,000,000, and of Govcrnmentto the amount
of #100,000,000. ThePresident, onanotherpoint,
has fallen into as great an error in regard to the
present law as he has in regard to the conduct of
the bank in 1825; but, perhaps, it is of no conse-
quence for me to advert to it. He says there is
a prevailing sentiment in England that the bank
must have coin to the amount at least of one third
its immediate liabilities, including deposits. That
is a mistake. There never was any such restric-
tion on banking institutions that I ever heard of,
except those in Louisiana, and I never heaid of
that until the President alluded to it in his mes-
sage.
On the 31st of August, 1825, the circulation of
the Bank of England was ^19,398,840, very nearly
the same as it was six months before. The loans
were to the Government, ^17,414,566; and to in-
dividuals, <£7,691,464. The Bank of England
disposed of its government stock and loaned the
money to the people. That is the way they help
the people.
In December, 1825, the revulsion had almost
attained its culminating point. In the beginning
of the year, the immediate liabilities of the bank
were ^£30,922,540, and the coin on hand to meet
them was =£8,779,100. In August, the immediate
liabilities were 425,809,400, and the coin on hand
*£3,634,320. These figures are plain enough, and
they show how the bank was acting. You will
see by examining this book that the country banks
were pressed for coin, and the Bank of England
sent it to them, and asked them to send the bills
home, and they would pay them with coin. By
and by, a severer pressure came. In August, as
I have said, the liabilities were over <£25,000,000,
and the com between ^£3,000,000 and =£4,000,000.
In December, 1825, the liabilities increased to
<£32,403,000, and the coin had been reduced to
<£1,027,000. Thus, instead of having one pound
in specie for three pounds in liabilities, they had
but one pound for thirty-two pounds.
When the crisis came to such a pass that Eng-
land was experiencing pretty much the revulsion
which we have had for the last three months, the
Government interposed. At no period during
that revulsion did the Bank of England ask more
than five per cent.; but the Government inter-
posed because credit had become so prostrated
that the people could find no merchants to give
them acceptances on their produce. You will see
how the Government applied to the bank to re-
lieve the public, and you will see the replies of
the directors when the Secretary reads from the
appendix of this book what I have marked.
The Secretary read:
Appendix No. 4.
The following are the only communications received
from Government in 1825-6, pioposing any guarantee for
advances made by the bunk upon any secuuties whatever:
At a Court of Directors at the Bank,
Tuesday, December 13, 1825-
The Governor laid befoie the court the following note
from the Fust Lord of the Treasury and the Chancellor of
the Exchequer, viz:
In order to relieve the present distress in the money
matket, the First Lord of the Treasury and Chancellor of
the Exchequer are prepared to give immediate directions
for the purchase of £300,GOO Exchequer bills, in addition
to the £200,000 which, they understand, the bank directed
to be purchased yesteiday.
If it should bethought, however, more advisable that
the whole £500,000 should be purchased by the bank on
their own account, the First Loid of the Tieasury and the
Chancellor of the Exchequer will he prepared, it' the bank
should require it, immediately to redeem the same.
LIVERPOOL,
FREDERICK JOHN ROBINSON.
Treasury Chambers. December 13,1825.
Resolved, That the Governor be authorized to order the
purchase of Exchequer bills to the amount of £500,000
upon the conditions specified therein.
At a Court of Directors at the Bank,
Thursday, February 16,1825.
The Governor laid before the court the following letter
from the First Lord of the Treasury and the Chancellor ot
the Exchequer, viz :
Fife House, February 14, lbx.o.
Gentlemen : Under all the circumstances of the present
distress in the city and countiy, it appears to us that it
would be advantageous, with a view to public and P"va£
credit, if the bank were to give directions for the purchase
of Exchequer bills to the amount of £-2,000,000.
If the bank shall agree to this proposal, we engage to
submit to Parliament the Accessary measures for the repay-
