1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
not clccted by the people of Kansas. It was
elected by persons who intruded into the polis,
intruded themselves with arms in their hands,
and seized upon the ballot-boxes, put in their
own ballots, driving away the legitimate voters,
and elected the members to the Legislature. That
is the way the government of Kansas was inau-
gurated. Theic was an opposition toitfiom the
first. Those who had been driven from the polls,
those who were opposed to the party that was
installed in power by these means, conceived
such indignation and such disgust that they pro-
claimed* aloud, whether wisely or unwisely, they
renounced obedience to this spurious govern-
ment, as they called it^ It is not material to me
whether their complaints are well-founded and
tine, or not. I am endeavoring to depict the
course of things, to show their motives and the
motives of the persons who were thus installed
into the territorial government. They came to
their power by violence; they came to their power
by fraud. That was the complaint of the oppos-
ing party in Kansas. They renaunced their rule,
they renounced their laws, refused to-commit
themselves in any way to their support, refused
to go to any election afterwards. They said,
" What is the use? This corrupt minority who
have got into power, who havei.i their hands the
means of controlling the election, who are not too
good to do it, and who will do it, who have done
it, will practice the same means; we shall be again
driven from the polls, or, if not, they, having the
control of the elections, and of all the officers who
conductand manage them, will have what returns
made they please. We will subject ourselves no
more to the humiliation of attempting to execute
a right which we know will be frustrated and
defeated by fraud, or by violence, or by force."
Under these impressions, and with these feelings,
which it is not my part here either to justify'or
rebuke, but simply to state tlte fact, they with-
drew from the elections lest, by voting according
to the laws passed by this coirupt Legislature,
they should seem to acknowledge La authoiity
and their allegiance to it.
Now, what would be the condition of the men
who had been installed info power in this way?
They were very glad of this. In all the elections
to be held afterwards, this power oftlie minority, 1
however smi-ll, would be continued; as thuirenc- i
mies would not come up to vote, they would be
reelected and would retain and perpetuate their
power._ So they went on—the field abandoned by I
the majority, and the minority ruling everything
in this way. Look at the evidences that are be-
fore you from these high officers lately returned
from Kansas—-Stanton and Walker. They tell
you of fiauds regulaily perpetrated there; and,
although they had thought befoie that the people
were acting iactiously, that they were acting se-
ditiously, that they were acting rebellious!y 111 at-
tempting to withdraw themselves from this gov-
ernment altogether and toaet lor thern.'el','es,'aiid
that thcirconipiaints ofiYaiidaiid ■ aioni-iiion uno.i
them in elections were ra.her aiiW'tui ;'n' tin cur-
pose of giving color to their conduct than other-
wise, yet \v iici■ i.hey went among ihe people and
heard them, arxl learned all about i.he u'-ahngs that
had been practiced, they could not doubt their
truth ai.d their s'nc irity in the i es.-ntmont which
they felt and in the conduct which ihevi ursued.
However unwise, it i.-js slneeie 011 iiie'r pert.
They had been defrauded; tney lv,d v/rnngs
enough to sting and humiliate them. This is what
these officers say. I know nothing about it; we
know nothing about it, except on liie testimony. ;
lhat these peisons were capable of committing
fraud, we know. They began in fraud. Has any
gentleman here denied, i3 there ,any gentleman
who discredits, the history which we all have of
the frauos practiced in the first election that v-'ne
held ill Kansas? However we might doubt this, ;
however we might have disagreed, however we
might have believed oroisbelieved heietofore. have
not every mist and doubt been cleared away from '
around this fact, and is there one here now to say
that the right of e'cetion was not trodden down
j 11 the first election wr a Territorial Legislature in
Ka.is'is, and that a minority government was not
elected ? That they have continued that govein-
m"n: by faud since, is shown at every steo of
the:.-progress. * I
It y/ns in tee midst of this s-.'f-.-cisnension of j
the right of suffrage 03 the part of their oppo-
nents, that they called the convention by which
this constitution was made. Look at the consti-
tution itself. On its own face, does it not contain
the amplest preparation for fraud, visible and ap-
parent? Look at the internal evidence marked on
its face. They pass by all the sworn officials of
tile territorial government who had before con-
ducted elections. They authorized, by the sched-
ule to the constitution, President Calhoun to take
this whole matter into his hands, to appoint the
officers to conduct the elections, giving him con-
trol over that official body, and the appointment
of them all; and the returns were not to be made
to any permanent officer of the government, not
1 to the Governor, but to this same Mr. Calhoun.
He was to appoint the officers to conduct the elec-
tion, receive the returns, count the ballots, and
declare the result. Well, Mr. Calhoun has per-
formed all this business!
Another tiling: every human being, in respect
to that part of the constitution which was sub-
mitted to the people, before he could vote for or
against it, was required to swear that he would
support that constitution when it was adopted. Iii
that constitution, those who framed it well knew
were provisions intolerable to all the free-State
men in the Territory, and they would not swear
to support it. They so believed and hoped and
expected. This was under the show of a fair
election. Not only have they secured all the ad-
vantages resulting from the appointment of the
oPdccrs to conduct it, but, to leave their consciences
more -easy, these officers were not even sworn.
There was 110 provision for that. Every man
voting for the constitution, or that part of it sub-
mitted to him to vote upon, was required to be
sworn beforehand that he would support that con-
stitution. This, it was supposed, if nothing else,
would keep off the free-State men."
It is said, in this testimony, that Governor
Walker, from the time he wont there, had been
diligently persuading all the people of the Terri-
tory to throw aside this inaction of theirs, come
into the elections, and participate ill the Govern-
ment. For this, Mr. Stanton says, Governor
Walker became the object of utter hostility to
Mr. Calhoun's party. They did not want con-
ciliation. They demanded, as the same witness
says, repression. They wanted penalty, not per-
suasio'n. They did not know what the result of
this persuasion might be in the elections after-
wards to take place on the constitution. It was
necessaiy, therefore, to make provision against
the possible effect of these persuasions and argu-
ments of Governor Walker; if. was, therefore, ne-
cessary to put in, tlrough nobody opposed them,
six thousand votes for the constitution, they be-
lieving that that was a majority of the greatest
numb''r of votes ever given on any occasion in
j the j. erri'ory, and so it is stated here. Theyjust
J went beyond the hne; and for fear of rendering it
more monstrous, and the fraud more visible, they
i v.-ent just so far as the necessity demanded the
Iraud. did not choose to use it superflu-
; ousiy. They rather husbanded it, to be used as
; the occasion might require, and no more than was
| iMpnivd. I can.:ot sti'u my eyes to tins fact.
| These pnjparatrjns, then, in the schedule of the
j constitution, were made in anticimtion of the
; vague dangers that wmo apprehended. It wa3
I greatly im; errant to ceny through this constifu-
] tion, greatly important to preserve their authority
| under the constitution. There were two Senators
! of the u mtt.d States to be elected. At! the ofEcers
; of the State government were to be constituted.
I These were to be the reward of those who had
j labored.
1 These seem to me to be preparation«,made for j
fraud; and when I come to compare them with '
tile action which took place afterwards, t'le design [
' and the act, the purpose and fulfilment cf it, make |
[ the proof perfect. The means of doing it, the 1
means of facilitating it, are given in the constitu- !
tion. The actual perpetration of it afterwards at i
the polis is seen. It is seen in the election upon the 1
constitution. It is seen ill the election of the 4th
of January, for officers under the new constitu-
tion. There is where these frauds, lately devel- 1
oncd, were practiced to such an enormous extent.
There is where tiiese little precincts distinguished
themselves.
Another fact may be noticed, that this conven- !
tion to make a constitution were to meet, bylaw, '■
in September, and go to their work. They met i
then. Did they go to work? No. Why did
they not? There was an election of the Territo-
rial Legislature to take place in the October fol-
lowing. Ttiey wanted to know the result of thn t
election; to know how the land lay; whether all
was safe or not; whether any point was necessaiy
to be guarded in the constitution; whether then-
were any unexpected majorities rising up; whether
there were any obstructions in the way of ordi-
nary frauds. They wanted to see what was th 1
character of the new Legislature, that they might
meet the emergency and meet the exigency with
any constitutional provision that might bo necer.-
sary to perpetuate their power. They adjourned.
The Legislature was elected; and that Legislature
turned out, notwithstanding all the frauds that
were practiced, to be against them. What then ;
The Legislature being against them, now what is
the provision in the schedule? The officers of
: election, and other officers of the Government,
j were, many of them, appointed by the Territorin I
1 Legislature. They said: " Now, here has come
in, in October, a Legislature opposed to us. What
so likely but that they who have complained of
frauds from Government officials,will now change
the officers and change the mode of election?"
What then ? They declare in the schedule that
all who are in office now shall hold their offices;
that all the laws in existence now shall continue in
existence until repealed by a Legislature which
shall meet under the State organization under the
constitution. That silences completely the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, paralyzes the power of the
Te rri tonal Legislatu re. That was certainly against
them; and to take the chances of a future election
under that constitution, that future election was
to take place, by the same schedule, on the 4th
of January, and then they were to make another
death-struggle for supremacy; and then they did.
1 have seen the report of the commissioners lately
appointed by the Territorial Legislature of Kan-
sas to investigate the frauds. There this Gov-
ernment party did make efforts more than worth y
of all their former practices in fraud, ill order to
secure the Legislature, which, under the constitu-
tion, would make Senatois of the United States.
It was here that Oxford, that Shawnee, that Kick-
apoo, distinguished themselves in the multiplicity
of votes, feigned and fraudulent.
And when you see such things as these in the
constitution, when you see such things as thpse
all around the constitution, when you seethe sand-
men who made the constitution rulers in the land
during the whole time, do you not see that tin-
frauds have been everywhere, that the imposition
upon the people has been everywhere? And how
can you exempt from the contagion (if there was
nothing more than this general association from
which to infer it) this constitution and those who
made it? Judging*from the positive internal evi-
dence that exists in it, and the facts that surround
it, I cannot. I believe it violates the right of the
people to govern themselves, to impose itupoi.
them. I believe this constitution is the work of
fraud—fraud upon the rights of the people.
I do not undertake to defend this people for
their conduct. It is not my part nor my province.
I should agree, perhaps, with the President, that
much of their conduct had been of a disreputable,
disorderly, and seditious character. It may ha
that it deserves the epithet of " rebellion," wine ,
i; the President applies to it. I have nothing to cr.
;J With that. I am not their advocate. I have'disap-
! i proved of their conduct in many instances, Theio
j, were many bad men among them, as I believe,
11 but for that the law assigns its proper punishment.
|l The majority of the people have their politico!
II rights, that remain, notwithstanding their legal
a 01'ienses. It is 111 that point of view, it is in their
|p political character as the people of a Territory,
that I look at them in respect to this subject,
i Whether they be more or less vile on one side or
j tlie other, is not the question. I fear that neither
; party could take the chair of impartiality and jus-
tice, and bo shameless enough to attempt to ad-
minister rebuke or justice to the other.
; One great, objection to their admission at all is
. that tney have not shown, by their conduct on any
: side, that tliey are altogether fit for association
with the States of this U nion. A little more ap-
prenticeship, a little more practice of honest and
; fair dealing, a little more spirit of submission and
t subordination to law and authority, would be well
1 learned by them, and fit them and qualify them
