118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. -Non constat that *e have not
got a quorum until we vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely what
I contended for a short time ago.
Mr. TOOMBS. You were wrong then, and I
am right now. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the Vice President is
in the chair now, perhaps it would not turn out
so.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the absentees who
are present be called upon for their excuse for
neglecting the business of the Senate.
- Mr. PESSENDEN. I raise the point that it
must first be ascertained that there is a quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know that there is a quorum.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish the Chair would count.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will do
it. There are Senators within the walls of the
Chamber who are not visible to the Chair.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that we adjourn.
Mr. TOOMBS. That has been decided out of
order, and so ruled by the Senate.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The appeal was laid on
the table; there was no decision upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin move that the Senate ad-
journ ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair feels
obliged to entertain that motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not wish to appeal from
the Chair's decision; but he has overruled an ex-
press decision made a few moments ago, which
was confirmed by the Senate.
Mr.FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken.
It was not so decided by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I was not in the
chair when that question was raised. I under-
stand that a motion to adjourn was made, and
was decided to be out of order. An appeal was
taken from that decision, and the question was
disposed of by the appeal being laid upon the
table. The Senate declined to consider it at that
time, and laid the appeal on the table. The Chair
must entertain the motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Colla-
mer, JDoohttle, Fessemlen, Poster, Hamlin, Italian, King,
Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, ami Wilson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, l!iggs, Bigler,
Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Houston, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Johnson of Tennesson, Jones, Kennedy, Mallory,
Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Shdeil, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, und Wright—SB.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This vote shows
the presence of a quorum. When the Senate lost
its quorum, the question was on a motion to post-
pone the further consideration of this subject until
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow, which now
recurs.
Mr. HALE. I rise ttf a question of privilege.
I staid here serving the country pretty faithfully
until about three o'clock, and then went away,
having honestly paired off with a gentleman. I
am here again on invitation, and I see the Ser-
geant-at-Arms here. 1 want to know if he is
executing the order of the Senate on the rest of
those who are unfortunately absent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can
state to the Senator that he is informed by the
Sergeant-at-Arms that he has sent the request
which was passed upon motion by the Senate to
all the absent members.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the question of priv-
ilege I moved is proper, that we should call on
the absentees in their order for their excuses.
My friend from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh, J however, sug-
gests that we can probably get a vote on the bill.
I withdraw my motion, for the purpose of expe-
diting the business of the Senate, and getting an
early vote.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed until half
past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That proposition
is already pending.
Mr. WILSON. Well, sir, I ask for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 22; as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Seward,
Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—15.
nays—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs,"Bigler,
Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Houston, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Johnson ef Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mallory,
Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, and Wright—22.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER, when his name was called,
said; I have paired off with the Senator from
Texas [Mr. Henderson] for to-night. Whether
that extends to a matter of this find I do not
know, but X prefer not to vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. [At four o'clock, a. m.]
As it is now somewhat early, and we shall have
just about time to change our dress, and put our-
selves in proper order before breakfast, I move
that we take a recess for six heurs; and on that
motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Doolittle,
Foster, Harlan, King, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—IS.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard. Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Houston, Johnson of Ark-
ansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mallory,
Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, and Wright—22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe a motion was sub-
mitted by the honorable Senator from Georgia,
that the absentees who are now in attendance
should render their excuses. I am one of the ab-
sentees, and I should like to know what cxcusc
the Senate has to render to me for disturbing me
in my peaceful bed, at this hour. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no mo-
tion before the Senate on that subject. The Sen-
ator from Georgia withdrew his motion. Is the
Senate ready for the question? [" Question,"
" question.' ]
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn; and on that motion I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Chandler. Clark, Doo-
little, J'VsseiHlcri, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, Seward, Sim-
mons, Trumlmll, Wade, and Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Fitch.
Green, Gwin, Hammond, Houston, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Mallory, Polk, Pugh,
Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jeisey, Toombs, and
Wnght—an.
So the Senate (at ten minutes past four o'clock,
a. m.) refused to adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDliN. I move that the Senate
proceed now to hear the excuses of the absentees.
1 should like to render mine if 1 can be compelled
to do so. I was sent for on the request of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. BIGLER. Let me suggest to the Senator
that I should like exceedingly to hear a speech
on the main question from that side of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make my motion, and
at the same time I raise the question that the Sen-
ate had no authority to request the attendance of,
or to send for, absent members.
Mr. PUGH. Is there a quorum of the Senate
present?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. Then I move to dispense with
all further proceedings under the call. I think
that is a motion which supersedes the other.
Mr. SEWARD. On that motion I ask for the.
yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think my motion has
precedence.
Mr. PUGH. My motion is the previous one,
because it supersedes the necessity for that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair may as
well give his opinion on this question now as at
any other time; and with the leave of the Senate,
he will do so, as briefly as he can. The Senator
from Maine moves that the Senate proceed to hear
the excuses of the absentees who have come in.
There is a clause in the Constitution of the United
States, and one of the rules of the Senate bearing on
the question, which the Chair will read to the Sen-
ate. The Constitution provides that " a majority
of each" House " shall constitute a quorum to do
business; but a smaller number may adjourn from
day to day, and may be authorized to compel the
attendance of absent members in such manner,
and under such penalties, as each House may
provide." It will be observed that the Constitu-
tion authorizes a minority of each House to com-
pel the attendance of absent members, under such
rules as the House may provide; which remits
us to the rules of the Senate for the authority.
The only rule bearing on the question is the eighth
rule, which the Chair will read:
"No member shall absent himself from the service ofthe
Senate without leave of the Senate first obtained. And in
case a less number than a quorum of the Senate shall con-
vene, they are hereby authorized to send the Sergeant-at-
Arms, or any other person or persons by them authorized, for
any or all absent members, as^the majority of such members
present shall agree, at the expense of such absent members
respectively, unless such excuse for non-attendance shall
be made as the Senate, when a quorum is convened, shall
judge sufficient; and in that case the expense shall be paid
out ofthe contingentfund. And this rule shall apply as well
to the first convention of the Senate at the legal time of
meeting, as to each day of the session, after the hour has
arrived to which the Senate stood adjourned."
It will be observed that this rule of the Senate
refers to the convening of the body, which means
the coming together, the assembling of the body.
The rule does not say that a less number than a
quorum are authorized to send the Sergeant-at-
Arms for all absent members at any time the Sen-
ate may find itself without a quorum, or may hap-
pen to be without a quorum; but when the Senate
shall convene, less than a quorum may send for
absent members. The rule appears to the Chair
to be express upon that point; and it goes on to
provide that it shall apply as well to the first con-
vention of the Senate, at the legal time of meet-
ing—that is, to the meeting of the Senate at the
first day of a session—as to every other conven-
tion or coming together of the Senate, as the Chair
understands, after or when the hour has arrived
to which the Senate stood adjourned.
The Chair does not undertake to do more than
to construe the rule to the best of his judgment.
He has looked at it with a good deal of care, and
this is the construction he feels obliged to put
upon it. He does not suppose that if the Senate
finds itself with less than a quorum at any time
during the progress of a daily session, that the
minority of the Senate have the right to send the
Sergeant-at-Arms for Senators, at their own ex-
pense, unless their excuses are sufficient; but that
the rule refers to the assembling, convening, or
coming together of the Senate. It may be said
that it is an omission, a great lapse; but the Chair
can construe the rule in no other way; and he is
strengthened in his construction by a very care-
ful review of his own opinion, and the first con-
struction he had given to it. The first clause of
the rale says:
" No member shall absent himself from the service of the
Senate, without leave of the Senate first obtained."
Undoubtedly, the Senators in question did ab-
sent themselves, without leave of the Senate first
obtained. They were requested by the Senate to
make their appearance; they have done so, and
the Chair sees no objection to the Senate requir-
ing those Senators to explain why they absented
themselves from the service of the Senate without
leave of the Senate first obtained. They are here,
and in that view of the case, the Chair will put
the motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. The first part of the decision
does not come up; if it did, I should take an appeal
from it. I hold that not only under this rule, but
under all parliamentary law, the body has a right
to compel the attendance of its own members. It
is a power inherent in every parliamentary body.
On the construction of the rule, I differ from the
Chair. I think he applies too stringent a con-
struction to the word" convene." The latter part
of the rule expressly declares that it applies as
well to the first meeting at each session under the
Constitution, the first Monday in December, as
to the meeting of the Senate on every'other day.
To hold that that rule was intended merely to
apply to our first meeting at twelve o'clock each
day, is to give an absurd construction to the
rule, to make it inoperative for all intents and pur-
poses; because the moment after you convene each
day, the question would not be ascertainable.
There is no calling of the roll when the Senate
comes to order every morning, to determine who
are here.
