Tfffi &<3Nt3RESM0Mil/ GfLOSte.
Mat 17,
authorizing payment to he made to the editor of
theGlobe for printing the reports, there was passed-
a resolution of this character amongst a series of
others. The first of those resolutions was to pay
"to th« persons in the employment of the Senate
the sums respectively which were allowed at the
last session." The second was to authorize the
Sergeant-at-Arms to employ folders during the
recess; and the third, "that there shall be paid to
each member of {he respective corps of reporters
of the Senate, $,300." Now, this appropriation
i# one of like character, as I understand; but, as I
have said, it is one that I shall he obliged to vote
against, hoping and believing that we had got rid
of the system of extra compensation.
I think, however, Mr. President, the debate
that has taken place will have the good effect at
least of bringing the minds of Senators to con-
sider whether this system of reporting does not
require some alteration. If the honorable Sena-
tor from Georgia is right in the information he
has collected as to the amount paid, we are pay-
ingupwards of two hundred and ten thousand dol-
lars a Congress for reporting the debates of the
two Houses. It is said that the amount paid for
the reporting of the Senate is about sixteen thou-
sand dollars; all the rest, then, must be contrib-
uted towards the maintenance of the newspaper
through the columns of which the reports are
published. Now, I have no idea that that sum
can be necessary to maintain the vehiclc of giving
the reports to the public, or that it is properly the
duty of Congress to expend so large a portion of
the public money for this object.
Nor am I at all satisfied, as I had occasion to
say on a former day, with the relations which the
editor of that paper conceives he stands in towards
the Senate. I do not conceive that, under the res-
olution of the Senate, which is a simple resolu-
tion authorizing him to publish the reports, ho
has alright to prescribe to Senators what they
shall do, and what they shall refrain from doing,
in reference to these reports. I have no doubt in
the world that if there are any abuses which re-
quire to be remedied, the Senate will prescribe
the proper means of doing it; but that the gen-
tleman who is authorized to print these reports
should take upon himself to establish those rela-
tions he has done in the circular to which I called
the attention of the Senate heretofore, I utterly
deny.
My impression, and a very strong one, is that
before the presentsession closes, if the reporting is
to be continued,which, for one, I should advocate,
it will be proper on the part of the Senate, cither
jointly with the other House or for itself, to reg-
ulate the system of reporting, and more especially
the relations that should subsist between the re-
porter and the Senate; and with thatview, at the
proper time, 1 shall move to rescind the resolution
of the Senate under which this reporting is done.
It is done altogether, as I am informed,and I be-
lieve correctly informed, by a resolution of the
Senate, passed in 1852, which would seem to im-
port a contract—and unless there be a contract
contained by implication in it, none exists—and
that is simply,
"That the Secretary shall audit and settle, from time to
time, the accounts of John C. Uives, tor the reports of the
Senate proceedings and debates, published in the Daily
(Jiofao, at i$7 50 per column."
Under that, it seems this whole system has
grown up, which has resulted in most inordinate
appropriations to theGlobe,and in the very gieat.
increase of compensation that has been given m
the form noticed by the Senator from Georgia, by
adding allowances for publishing at least. 1 should
be exceedingly reluctant, from my experience of
the reporters of the Senate, to part with them;
but 1 am satisfied that some new arrangement
should be made; and if no other Senator under-
takes it, I shall, at a proper time, introduce into
the Senate a resolution at least to stop the present
system at the close of this session.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not use for the purpose
of continuing the debate; but I desire to state the
view I take of this appropriation. I am opposed to
this system of extra compensation to reporters or
any other class of officers. The House of Rep-
resentatives have introduced into the bill a-pro-
vision for extra compensation fortho reporters of
that House, although, m fact, they are not em-
ployes of the House any more than the reporters
acre are strictly employes of the Senate. We
have, however,-chosen to consider thefh so. The
House of Representatives have chosen to place
on this bill a provision for the compensation of
their reporters, who perform the same duties and
have no greater labors than our own. I think
the office is one of great importance; and if such
compensation is to be made, I think it justice to
our reporters to put them upon the same footing
of equality. I shall therefore vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and I shall then vote to strike out
the whole aporopriation.
Mr. SHIELDS. I rise merely to correct an
error into which I fell when I was up before. Is
find, by a communication that has been made to
me since I spoke, that there has been some change
in the corps of reporters since the period to which
I alluded when I was up before, i agree with the
Senator from Delaware that, if we are to reduce
the compensation to the reporters, the reduction
should be general, and should apply to the re-
porters in the House as well as to those in the
Senate. I am unwilling, as a member of this
body, to compensate our reporters at a less rate
than that paid in the House of Representatives.
I dare say the honorable Senator from Georgia
may be right in part of what he has said; but this,
as I understand it, is merely to put our reporters
on an equality with the reporters of the House.
The Senate itself has passed upon the compen-
sation of the reporters of the House, has allowed
them a certain yum, and is now objecting to al-
lowing its own reporters a similar sum. That is
the way I understand it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise simply to give a rea-
son for my vote. I shall vote for this amend-
ment, though I agree fully with everything that
has fallen from the Senator from Georgia, that
the reporters are not officers of the Senate, and j
ought to be paid by Mr. Jlives; but there are cer- '
tain personal relations which grow out of personal
service towards gentlemen both in private and
public life, which 1 think are not entirely unde-
serving of being yielded to. In private life, a
merchant who contracts with his clerk for a cer-
tain sum for his year's service habitually gives
him a gratuity at the close of the year, when his
services have been faithful and satisfactory—adds
something to the contract price; he reserves that
right of adding something to the contract price
that he may give a mark of approbation. I must
say that the reports of the Senate, so faras I have
been able to follow them out, appear to me as
nearly perfect as a human thing can be; I hardly
ever see a mistake; and therefore, as a mark of
approbation for service almost personal to myself,
I consider that I have the right, as a public man*
to vote this testimonial of faithful service annual-
ly when the service is faithfully performed, re-
serving to myself the right to vote against it if the
service ceases to be such as merits my approba-
tion and entitles the parties to a testimonial satis-
factory in its character.
I rose to give this reason for my vote, at the
same time expressing the hope that some gentle-
man will make a motion by which this whole sys-
tem of reporting will be remodeled and reformed.
I do not like the system as it now stands, and
would much prefer that our reporters were officers
of the Senate.
The/amendment of Mr. Brown, as amended,
was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move now to strike out the
whole section; and on that question I call for the
yeas and navs.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a motion pending
to strike out the whole clause, which was made
by me.
Mr. BROWN. I want to hear what is pro-
posed to be stricken out.
The Secretary read:
a For the usual additional compensation to the reporters
for the Con<*ie -tonal.Globe foi reporting the proceedings of
the House of Krprcsentativos for the next regular so^ion of
the Tlnity-Fitth Oongiess, $<S0O to each reportei, .$4,000."
Mr. BROWN. I only want to see how much
: is to be stricken out.
i ■ Mr.JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to hear
i the section road as amended.
| The Secretary read the original clause of the
j House bill and the amendment added on Mr.
| Brown's motion.
| Mr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The motion
is to strike out all, I understand.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hear a number of Senators
saying they will vote to strike this all out. I
should like to inquire of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance if we have not already
paid the reporters of the House of Representa-
tives for this session and the last one, by appro-
priation bills formerly passed; and if you strike
this out, you only strike from the House report-
ers what is already appropriated for the next ses-
sion, leaving them already two sessions paid, and
you take from the reporters of the Senate the
whole three sessions.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that is the state of
the case.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then it would be a very
singular way of doing equal justice; it would be a
very singular way of putting the reporters of the
Senate on an equal footing with the reporters of
the House, after we have paid the reporters of
the House the extra pay for the two sessions,
upon a bill to pay them for the next session, to
strike out the pay for the reporters of the Senate
for three sessions. That is a kind of justice and
equality that I do not know anything about. The
only way to do equal justice is to leave the two
first branches of this amendment for the Sehate
reporters, paying them for the present and the last
session of Congress, and then strike out the ap-
propriation for the next session for both branches.
That is the only way you can do justice and put
them on an equality.
Mr. BROWN. When the deficiency bill was
up, it contained an item to pay the reporters of
the House of Representatives for the last session
of Congress. It is suggested that it was done out
of the contingent fund of the House; but it could
not be done without the consent of the Senate. I
moved the amendment then to put our reporters
on the same footing, and consented to have the
whole of it stricken out together. I asked the Sen-
ator from Virginia to take the amendment which
we had made to the House proposition as a caveat
that we expected our reporters to be protected in
a committee of conference, but I believe the bill
never came to a committee of conference on that
point. At all events, our reporters were neglected;
they did not get the compensation which was al-
lowed to the reporters of the. House. Now we
have done the same thing over again. We meet
the House reporters by a similar proposition for
ours; we vote it on; then you propose to strike
out all together. The House will insist upon re-
taining their proposition, and the end will be as
it was before, that their reporters will be paid and
yours not.
One word upon that point, and I think I shall
not open my mouth about this subject ajjain. I
put this upon a point of honor. If the House
was paying its reporters out of its contingent
fund, by its own action, and by no other action,
then I should not take much interest in it; but wc
consent—without our consent they could not do
it—that their reporters shall receive this extra
compensation. We have done it before. We did
it by the passage of this bill; and it was only by
a motion to reconsider that this amendment was
allowed to come in. Let the motion now pass;
strike all out together, and your amendment will
not appear before a committee of conference if
it comes to that—and that it will, nobody,! sup-
pose, will question; there will be no uigmg of it;
and the result will be that, by your consent, and
only by your consent, the House reporters are
paid for three sessions, and yours not paid at all
this extra compensation. Is not that a consent
on the part of the Senate that their reporters shall
occupy a lower position than those in the House ?
Jf the House acted for itself alone, did not ask
your concurrence, and you did not give it, then
the question would be very different; but you
consent, you have consented, you consented in
the deficiency bill, you have again consented in
this bill, that their reporters shall be paid this
extra compensation; and now, if, by your con-
| sent, or rather by your refusal to ask this appro-
j priation for your reporters, they do not get it,
! they must necessarily be degraded to that extent.
| They are put in a lower position, having ccrtainly
j equal merits, being entitled to equal compensa-
| tion—as I think, upon the point of merit, they are
I —if you whohave them empio}Ted,to whom they
j lender service, consent that others entitled to no
| higher compensation shall have it, and yet refuse
! to give it to them. m
