1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Benj
amm.
Senate.
- Independently of that, I say it is a fundamental
principle, and the power must inherently belong
to every body to compel the attendance of its own
members. It is so laid down in Mr. Jefferson's
Manual. Besides, the Constitution specially pro-
vides that less than a majority can send for ab-
sentees. That a majority can prevent it is clear.
The whole rule is- to be taken together. Accord-
ing to the first portion of it, a member cannot
absent himself without leave of the Senate. I do
not see any necessity for the first portion of the
Chair's decision in regard to the power to send
for absentees, but if that is to be held to be the
law of Parliament, I wish to enter my protest
against it; and I would take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, but for the fact that the
decision does not prevent the putting of the mo-
tion, and, therefore, it does not properly come up
here. I wish to enter this protest now against
euch a construction of the rule. Even, however,
if the rule had no wider construction than the
Chair gives to it, the law of Parliament would
stand, for that is to be our guide whenever our
rules do not meet the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair arrives
at his conclusion by simply construing the Con-
stitution and the rules, from which he supposes
the only authority for this proceeding to be de-
rived. The Chair will put the question.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairperhaps
did not distinctly understand the motion of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] and may
have gone further in expressing his opinion than
"was absolutely necessary on the motion raised.
He thought, however, thai his response was per-
tinent to the motion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I made a motion, and
at the same time questioned the authority of the
Senate to order the attendance of members, and
requested the opinion of the Chair on that subject.
The Chair has given it. His opinion being, as
I understand, that the Senate has no authority
tinder the rules to do so, I withdraw the motion
I made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
the Senate to understand what he has said. The
first part of the eighth rule provides that no mem-
ber shall absent himself from the service of the
Senate without leave of the Senate first obtained;
and he supposes it is in the power of the Senate,
there being now a quorum present, to hear from
those Senators why they left without leave of the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I understand the Chair,
there being no power under that rule to cnforco
the attendance of members, no excuses are neces-
sary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair held
that, during the progress of the day's session, a
minority, less number than a quorum, could not,
through the Sergeant-at-Arms, compel the attend-
ance of members until the regular period of con-
vening; but certain Senators absented themselves
from the Senate without leave of the body. There
is a quorum now present, and it is in the power of
the Senate, if it chooses, to hear explanations from
those Senators on that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no penalty pro-
vided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not see any penalty provided.
Mr. 1IALE. I was one of those who came
back upon an invitation or a suggestion; and, if
it was the pleasure of the Senate to hear me, I
could give, I think, a very satisfactory reason.
As this is a voluntary matter, however, I think
that those who have invited us to make this ex-
planation ought to begin and make a clean breast
of it themselves. Above all, I should like to hear
the Senator from Georgia, who made this motion,
explain why he has been absent heretofore. If
I remember aright, he was absent at the com-
mencement of this session for several days. I
would not insist that there was any power to com-
pel him to be here; but, as I am now here on in-
vitation, I should like to have him explain his
absence heretofore, before I explain mine now.
Mr. TOOMBS. No such fact appears by the
record.
Mr. HALE. It is the fact, though.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is a question in pais; it is
I by no means concede your
an issuable matter,
allegation.
Mr. COLLAMER and Mr. HAMLIN. The
first appearance of a Senator is on the record.
Mr. SEWARD. It will appear by the record
that the Senator from Georgia—I do not mean to
censure him for his absence—was not in attend-
ance on the Senate for a period of about a month.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The public business was
suffering very much on account of it.
Mr. SEWARD. There was great inquiry
where the Senator was. I think the record shows
the fact I have stated, and I should be very glad
to know that there was a reasonable excuse for
the Senator from Georgia absenting himself from
the Senate without leave.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have not been sent for; nor
has it been made to appear that I have been ab-
sent without leave. I do not respond in the Sen-
ate to any improper questions by members of the
body. I will respond to the body when a question
is put to me by its authority; but if these gentle-
men want to inquire about any of my private af-
fairs, they must do it out of doors, and I shall be
ready at all times to respond to them with pleas-
ure. I am responsible out of doors for anything
I do out of doors. I shall respond to the Senate
on any call they may make on me, but not to in-
dividual members in this body.
Mr. HALE. I propose to amend the motion
so as to make it so broad as to cover all those who
have been absent at any time during this session
without leave of the Senate first had and ob-
tained.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am willing to give my ex-
cuse for having been absent.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the honorable Sen-
ator is out of order in giving an excuse for his
absence.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am going to tell the truth,
and I may as well tell it now as at any time.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not in order.
Mr. SIMMONS. If it is out of order I will
take my seat.
Mr. PUGH. I move to lay the motion on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the motion to the Senate, but it is obvious that the
essence of this question rests on the first decision
the Chair made.
Mr, FITCH. Is that decision matter of rec-
ord ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Ohio
moves to lay the motion on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was moved and
seconded that the Senate proceed to hear the ex-
cuses of the absent members who have come in
upon the invitation of the Senate, to which an
amendment was offered to includc all Senators
who have been absent without the leave of the
body during the session. The Chair believes that
was the motion. The Senator from Ohio moves
to lay the motion and the amendment on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. WILSON called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President 
Mr. PUGH. I object to any debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rec-
ognizes the Senator from Vermont, not knowing
what he desires to say.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to raise a question
of order. I do not know that the authority of the
Senator from Ohio is imperative on me to keep
silent. He speaks, however, as if it was ex ca-
thedra.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; but I object to any de-
bate on the motion. It is not debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont gave notice to the Chair that he was
rising to a question of order. The Chair must
hear it.
Mr. PUGH. If he rises to aquestion of order,
I do not object.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it possible you do not
object to that?
Mr. PUGH. The Senator need not take on so.
I have a right to object until the Senator says
that he rises to a question of order; and I am not
to be deterred from my right by any expression,
either of manner or language, from the Senator,
or any one else.
I guess you are as much
The colloquy be-
Mr. COLLAMER.
deterred as I am.
The VICE PRESIDENT.
tween the Senators is irregular.
Mr. COLLAMER. The question I wish to
raise is this : a rule of the Senate provides that
Senators shall not absent themselves without the
consent of the Senate first obtained; and I wish
to know whether in this manner that rule can be
complied with by calling in members and receiv-
ing their excuses > Those of us who have come
here, have come here by mere invitation.
Mr. GREEN. That is not aquestion of order.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish gentlemen to hear
me until the question arises. I insist as a ques-
tion of order, if I must state it to begin with, that,
when proceedings are to be taken against a Sen-
ator for absenting himself without consent of the
Senate, it must be by some regular proceeding
against him; and it cannot be taken in this man-
ner, as you render excuses in the case of a call.
If a Senator is voluntarily absent and voluntarily
comes in, I take it, as a point of order, that he
cannot be called on to give an excuse in this way.
It must be by a regular proceeding for the pur-
pose.
Mr. GREEN. That is not a question of order.
The motion is to lay the whole matter on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will let
the Senate decide that question of order by their
votes. If the Senate think the mode is unsuit-
able, they will vote it down. It is a mode that
the Chair takes of submitting the question of or-
der to the Senate. The question is on laying the
motion and amendment on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs., Bigler, Brod-
enck, Fessendcn, Fiteh, Green,G win, Hamlin, Hammond,
Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Aikansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, King, Mallory, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian,
Shdell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, Wil-
son, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Dixon, and Simmons—3.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not a quo-
rum voting.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the pro-
ceedings which are now taking place before the
Senate, appear to be of a character that require
some slight exposition, so that they may go be-
fore the country. I consider that a revolution
has commenced, and commenced in this Hall 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call the Senator to or-
der. There is no question before the Senate.
Mr". JOHNSON, of Tennessee. There is no
Ssnftte here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not a quo-
rum voting.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am going to address the
President and the members present, on the very
subject of the absence of a quorum. That is ex-
actly what I am about.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is no question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have a right to call the
attention of the Senate to the facts, and suggest a
remedy to get a quorum together.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I submit that the Senator
has no neht to speak, unless on some motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses, if Senators insist on it, that but two
courses are left—ono to adjourn, and the other to
request the attendance of absent members.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall move that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be sent to request the presence of
the absent members, and on that motion I pro-
ceed to make the remarks I intended to make. I
say, sir, that, in my judgment, it is necessary that
a correct understanding of the position in which
the public business of the country is arrested by
this incipient revolution, should be known to the
people.
Mr. President, this is no ordinary condition of
things. A public measure is before the Senate.
It is before us for action. The majority of the
Senate is ready to act upon it. The minority say,
in point of fact, in substance and essence, to the
majority, " this business shall not be acted upon
at all; we do not complain that, we are not allowed
to speak on the question before the Senate: that
you allow us; we do not complain that every par-
liamentary privilege of amendment, which any li-
cense of debate could suggest, is not allowed us:
