1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2181
I hope that this motion to strike out will not
prevail. If 1 felt quite certain that we could get
clear of the whole thin#, then I would agree to le
j,t be stricken out; butl know thatcannotbe done
and it will not be done. I never will record my
vote to degrade our reporters—to give our consent
that those in the other branch of the Legislature
shall be paid $800 more than ours, for what all of
us know is an inferior order of servicc.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not admit that we are
disparaging our reporters by refusing to vote this
gratuity—and a most anomalous shape of extra
compensation it is. I do not believe we do them
injustice by any such vote. For one, 1 am free to
say, that 1 accord in most that has been said in
praise of the fidelity with which they have dis-
charged their duties. If it be puton another foot-
ing, if the Senate choose to assume upon itself
the direction of these reporters and their payment,
I am willing to pay them ample compensation for
whatever they do: that is to say, I am willing to
say at once what shall be their compensation, and
not afterwards to increase it; for I believe that the
whole system of extra allowances is improper and
prejudicial.
Sir, this is carrying it a step further than any-*
thing we have ever done before, with the excep-
tion of the reporter's salary, for here we are not
giving extra allowance to our own officers, to our
own employes, but we are undertaking to go be-
hind a contract and say that wc will give an ad-
ditional compensation to a man with whom we
have made a contract to execute a certain service.
We contract with a man,to build the wings of
this Capitol. If his laborers come forward and
say they do not get enough, although he does not
ask us to give him a dollar for the purpose of
compensating him, are we to go behind the con-
tract and give them extra compensation ? Sup-
pose the compositors and the printers who print
these reports come here and say they do not get
enough, that they are idle in the summer, that
they have not proper compensation: are we to
step behind this contract and to give them addi-
tional compensation?
Why, sir, it seems to me that there cannot be
a worse precedent; and because the other House
choose to do it, are we therefore bound to do it?
If they commit what we believe to be wrong in
point of policy, are we bound to follow their ex-
ample, or else to consider ourselves as being placed
in a position of doing injustice to our own officers?
Sun ly not, sir. If we do what it is now proposed
to'do by this motion, strike out the whole, we
leave them both upon an equal footing; we inter-
pose to prevent the House of R^piesentatives
from introducing this false system of compensa- I
tion, not to our own officers, but to the employes .
of those with whom we make contracts, it is j
not the fact that the House do not propose to pay j
them out of their own contingent fund, for they
did in the deficiency bill—I do not recollect the
terms of the appropriation—and the reason they
asked our assent was because there was a law
which prevented them from paying it, and they
proposed to pass it in the shape of an appropri-
ation bill that they might get over that law. We
believed that that was wrong, and the Senate
struck outthatappropriation; but sooner than lose
the deficiency bill, we receded from the amend-
ment. I believe that this is wrong, and 1 think
that the Senate owe it to sound policy to put an
end to this system. Let us reorganize the system
of reporting, if the reporters do not now get
enough, and let us put it upon some plan, some
method by which wc may compensate them prop-
erly without setting this bad example.
Why, sir, we know that this system of extra
compensation to our own employes produces dis-
content in the Departments. We know that those
who are engaged in the Coast Survey, working
not more than one hundred or two hundred yards
from here, those who are engaged in the Executive
Departments,/md who are really performing much
more onerous service, and much harder labor,
than is pei formed here, think it is a disparagement
and injustice to them. It will not do to carry this
notion of personal association, not only to our
employes, but even to those who are employed
by persons with whom we contract to do a job for
a certain price.
In giving this vote, T think it but justice to our
reporters to say that I mean thtm no disparage-
ment. I think they have discharged their duties
well, and with fidelity; and I am willing to reor-
ganize the system, and put it upon some footing,
if they do not get enough, by which they may
be comnensated amply for whatever they uo.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia seems to have a sort of periodical fit of econ-
omy, generally on very small matters. He does
not strike at the very great expenses of the Gov-
ernment that I think he .should-strike at in the
first place. That, however, is no reason why we
should spend public money at all; and neither is
it any reason why we should withhold what ought
to be paid. My own-reason for voting to retain
this clause, as I shall do, is a very simple one.
The system of making these allowances has ex-
isted ever since I have been in the Senate. They
were made the first session after I came here, efnd
at every session since, until the last session of the
last Congress. Then the House reporters were
allowed this money, but the Senate reporters were
not, and I was not aware of the fact at that time.
As we continued to go on in that way, it is to be
presumed that it was done in the first place upon
some consideration and some understanding. It
is to be presumed at least, that the Senate and
House of Representatives did not vote an extra
compensation of $800 to each of their reporters
without being satisfied at the time that for some
reason or other connected with the system which
Congress had adopted, they were not paid a suf-
ficient remuneration, that the contract with Mr.
Rives'in relation to the publication of the debates
was such that the reporters, whom he employs
at a certain rate, did not receive sufficient remu-
neration. That must have been the original
ground of the allowance, and we continued it
year after year. To be sure we made other allow-
ances to IVir. Rives from time to time, but they
were not based at all upon the ground that he was
obliged to pay his reporters a larger sum, but be-
cause of the expenses of his publication—the
printing of the debates.
The reporters continued to receive this compen-
sation for a number of years; they received it for
several sessions continuously, until the last ses-
sion of Congress, and then it was paid to the
House reporters, but not to ours. When it was
allowed, it was done, I may say, without objec-
tion; at least there was no objection to it which
was ever feasible to be sustained. So far as I have
observed sinco I have been here, it passed ordi-
narily without any comment at all. I say, then,
it got to be a matter upon which the reporters
could justly rely as compensation to bo made to
them according to general custom and habit.
Now, with regard to the syskm, 1 do not pro-
pose to say anything, because 1 have not investi-
gated it. It may be right, or it may be wrong;
but I disagree with the Senator from Virginia in
the mode which he proposes to adopt. He objects
to the present system, and he proposes to begin
reform by striking oft* the pay of the reporters
while the present system exists. That is not fair.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not acknowledge that
this is the pay of the reporters. It is a mere
gratuity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose it to be a graut-
ity. A gratuity long continued, continued without
objection from session to session and Congress to
Congress, gets to be considered as part of the pay
and comes to be rehed upon, if the same reason
for it exists which existed in the first place. You
may call it a gratuity, or call it compensation, or
call it what you please, the question is, have they
not a ri ht to expect it?
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator think we
are bound to go on and pay twentyper cent, extra
to our officers because they have had it heieto-
fore ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, for we have given
them notice fairly, from time to time, that we
would not give extras to them: but no such notice
has been given to the reporteis. _ •
Mr. IIUNTER. We gave it in the deficiency
bill at this session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The matter was brought
up in the deficiency bill, but the reason why this
j provision was not put on that bill was, that was
' the wrong place. That was the only objection
| which was made. It was said then that when we
| came to consider the regular bills that would be
| the time to provide for the reporters' compensa-
! tion.
i As I was saying, we have decided over and over
again, session after session, Congress after.Con-
gress, that these gentlemen did not get enough,
and that, therefore, this sum should be aclded.to
what they received. I never put it on the-ground
of gratuity; I never heard it placed on that ground;
but if Senators choose to place it on that ground
now, be it so. The statements which have been
made as to their compensation are not contra-
dicted. True, we have not legal evidence on the
point. "We do not go into atrial in legal form of
every question that comes up here in reference to
these matters; but we satisfy ourselves, in one
mode or another, that the story told us is' true,
and we act upon our information, and continue to
rely upon it, unless we find ourselves defrauded
and cheated. These reporters receive,how much ?
I am told, it lias been said over and over again, and
I suppose there is no dispute as to the fact, about
one thousand six hundred dollars in a long ses-
sion, and one thousand two hundred dollars in a
short session, for their labors; and we know that,
being here a large portion of the year, and subject
to our control, they cannot take up hew business
elsewhere in the recess of Congress. They must
depend on this for support'during the whole year.
It is most inadequate pay for their services—they
are entitled to more. Say what you please of the
faults of the system, the pay is inadequate; and,
on the ground that the pay is inadequate, and that
the system we have adopted, the contract we have
made will not allow more, we have made these
additional allowances,orgratuities,ifyou please so
to term them; but whether one or the other, they
amountto substantially the same thing. Thesere-
porters are capal% men, e'ducated men, and they
ought to be paid a compensation proportionate to
the character of the labor they perform, and the
position which, from their peisonal qualities and
standing, they are entitled to maintain m society.
We kno w that a compensation of $1,600 one year,
and #1,200 another, is by no means a reasonable
lemuneration for the services required of them—
at least not such as educated, competent men
ought to have for such labor; and we based the
allowance on that ground originally.
Now, sir, if the system be wrong—and on that
I give no opinion—it is our fault that we have not
changed it. It is our business to change it, and
change uassoon as possible, if itbe liable to all the
objections that have been made. Do not, while
things remain in their present position, strike off
that adequate compensation which is necessary to
the reporters. Give them whatthey ought to have;
then change the system if you please; but do
not say that tiiey shall starve or be subjected to
injustice while you are making the changc. That
is beginning at the wrong end for the purpose of
reform. Do justice in the first placc to them; and
then when you get a new system in operation, if
they choose to work under it, very well; if they
do not, we must look out for somebody else to
supply their places. I do not stand here to praise
the reporters or to blame them. Enough has been
said as to their merits. They are, in one sense of
the word, our servants. To be sure, they do not
directly contract with us, but we have considered
them ours, we have paid them as ours, we have
treated them as ours, in a measure. I am really
of opinion that the Senate has received an ample
return in the services of these men for all the
money we have ever given them. As I said be-
fore, if wc have made a contract with Mr. Rives*
which does not allow him to do justice to them,
it is our business to do it in another way; and as
we have followed this mode of doing it for years,
without objection, do not break itofl now. If you
want to change the system, do it m such a way,
at any rate, that their just rights and interests
will be cared for and properly treated in the mean
time.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we did break oil a
year ago, it' my memory serves me.
Mr."TRUMBULL. X acknowledge the gen-
eral impropriety of paying extra compensation to
our employes in addition to their usual salaries,
butl do not think it becomes us, after having paid
extra compensation to the employes of the House
of Representatives for identically the same ser-
vice, to turn round and refuse it to our own em-
ployes. I am astonished at the course of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, who voted for the deficiency
bill at this session, which contained an appropri-
ation " to enable JohnC. Paves to pay theiepoi t-
ers of the Hous'e for reporting the debates of the
