1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
or exclude it; it is all within the compass of their
power. But while it is a Territory of the United
States, there is no law there, I think, to divest
the title which a man has to Ins property, whether
it be a slave or a horse. If he has title by the
laws of his own State to that property, he has,
in a Territory, as much right to be there, and as
much right to be there with his property, as any
other citizen, until there is some law which shall
prevent it and shall divest it, leaving to the peo-
ple afterwards the right to form their own final
constitution as they please for or against slavery.
That is the principle upon which that bill rested;
that is the principle upon which the South have
always contended for the right. They contended
for it in that bill; and, so far, I think they were
in the right.
Now, I say, I want the full practice of that
principle here. Let the majority make such a
constitution as they please. That is the great
American principle, that rises above all others.
Let them govern themselves, and as the majority
declare, so let the constitution and so let the laws
be. I think we are infracting that great principle
—the principle of the South itself, on this very
identical subject, by forcing this constitution, at
least of doubtful authenticity, upon the people,
if there is a majority in favor of it, it is not much
trouble for them to ratify it. If there is a majority
opposed to it, they are entitled to have their will
and their way. They are entitled to that upon
principle; they are entitled to it by the express
pledges of the Kansas-Nebraska law.
Sir, I feel that I have already occupied a great
deal of your time—more than I expected to do;
and yet there are some general topics upon which
T wish to say something, though not so immedi-
ately connected with the directqucstion before us.
Air. President, I am, according to the denom-
inations now usually employed by parties in this
country, a southern man. I have lived all my life
in a southern State. 1 have been accustomed from
my childhood to that frame of society of which
slavery forms a part. I am, so far a a regards the
necessary defense of the rights of the South, as
prompt and as ready to defend them as any man
the wide South can hold; but in the same resolute
.aid determined spirit in which I would defend
any invasions of its rights, and for which I would
put my foot as far as he who went furthest, I will
concede to others their rights, and 1 will maintain
and defend them. With the same feeling with
which I know I would defend my own rights, I
will respect theirs. I never expected Kansas to
be a slave State. I believed that those at the
South who expected it would be deluded. There
was some vague hope that when the Missouri
compromise line was taken away and abolished,
slavery might be extended in that direction, but
I did not believe it. I believed that the Missouri
compromise line fixed in 1&20, was about that
territorial line, north of which slavery, if it could
exist, would not be .profitably employed; and our
experience sincc has shown that the wise men
. who made that compromise judgcdnghtly. We
have found no instance in which it has been found
profitable anywhere there. I believed that the
idea of making Kansas a slave State was a delu-
sion to the South; that her hopes would never be
realized, if she entertained such a hope as that.
I thought, therefore, it would have been better,
without examining scrupulously into its consti-
tutionality, to let the Missouri compromise stand.
1 regretted its repeal. I did not believe the South
would gain anything by it, or that the North
would gain by it.
That compromise was a bond and assurance of
peace. I would not have disturbed it. It was I
hallowed in my estimation by the men who had
made it. It was hallowed m my apprehension by
the beneficial consequences that resulted from it.
It was hailed, at the time it was made, by the
South. It produced good, and nothing but good,
from that time. Often have you, sir, [address-
ing Mr. Toombs,] and I, and all of the old Whig
party, triumphed in that act as one of the great
achievements of our leader, Henry Clay. It was
from that, among other things, that he derived the
proudest of all his titles—that of the pacificator
and peace-maker of his country. We ascribed to
him a great instrumentality in the passage of that
law, and over and over again have I claimed credit
and honor for him fjc tins act. This, for thirty
years, had been my steadfast opinion. I have
been growing, perhaps, during that time, a little
older, and am a little less susceptible of new im-
pressions and novel opinions. 1 cannot lay aside
the idea that the law which made that line of di-
vision was a constitutional one. I believed so then.
All the people believed it. I must be permitted to
retain that opinion still; to go on, at any rate, to
my end with the hope that I have not been prais-
'ing, and have not been claiming credit for others
for violating the Constitution,of their country.
Sir, the men who passed that measure were
great men; they were far-seeing men. Without
argument now, I am content to rest my faith upon
the authority of those great men—Pinckney ,Clay,
Lowndes, old President Monroe, the last of the
patriarchs of the Revolution, with his learned
and able Cabinet, and then, what is more than all,
thirty-five years of acquiescence in it, and peace
under it in these States. Whatever quarrels you
may have had about it in Congress, there was al-
ways enough to upheld and sustain that law; and
never, until 1854, was it repealed, or its consti-
tutionality questioned, that 1 know of. I regret-
ted its repeal, because I feared that it would lead
to new agitations and new dangers. Has it not?
What has been our experience?
The authors of the measure which repealed
that compromise—honorable and patriotic I know
them to be, many of them my personal friends—
promised themselves from it greater peace and
greater repose by localizing the slavery question,
as it was said. Then this act was to localize the
question of slavery, and all agitation was to be at
] an end. It was to give peace to the country. So
' the President said'. The President in his mes-
! sage at the commencement of this session, or in
J his special message—I do not know which—im-
; agines the country to have been in great agitation
I on the subject of slavery, when the Kansas-Ne-
. braska act came and put a stop to it until, some
i tune afterwards, it was revived. Why, sir, ex-
' astly the contrary seems to me to be the true
j hiatory of the transaction. We were becoming
tranquillized under the compromises of 1850 in
■ addition to the Missouri compromise; all was sub-
siding into submission and acquiescence, when,
1 to obtain a greater degree of peace and secure us
for the future against all agitation, this bill of 1854
repealing the Missouri compromise was passed.
VViiat has it produced ? Has it localized the ques-
tion of slavery? Has it given us peace? Allcan
answer that question. Ithas given us everything
but peace. It has given us everything but a ces-
sation of agitation. It has given us trouble, noth-
ing but trouble. That has been the consequence
of it so far.
I am as anxious now as any man here to close
up this scene. I would vote for the admission of
j Kansas upon almost any terms that would give
j peace and quiet. If I thought this bill would do
i so, I should vote for it. I would suppress all
| scruples for the sake of that peace. If I was sure
i such would be its result, I would vote for it, think-
j mg myself justified by the price that was to be
| paid—the peace of my country and the restoration
of good will among my fellow-citizens. I do not
hope for it. I fear further trouble. We are again
told that this will have the effect, at any rate, of
localizing the question of slavery, and that we
shall be no moie troubled with it; that the mis-
chief and clamor and agitation will all be confined
to the limits of Kansas. This is the same hope
that was disappointed when the Kansas-Nebraska
bill was passed. The same hope was indulged in
then, and since then there has been nothing here
; "but agitation on the subject increasing with every
I day.
| Again, we have the idea of localizing it pre-
; sented. Now, sir, if it is to be debated anywhere,
; it will be debated here; and, perhaps, if it is to
! be debated anywhere, it is best that it should
j be debated here; because we might hope, Mr.
| President, that m this body it would be debated
j with a spirit of moderation and conciliation that
| would deprive it of many mischievous conse-
j quences if it were agitated and debated among
| men without our years, without our responsibil-
, Uics, and without the restraints which our con-
j dition and our knowledge impose upon us. We
| do notdebate itin the right way here. Weallow
| ourselves to become too much excited, about it.
j To this great country, now, what is Kansas and
this Kansas question, and the two or three hun-
dred slaves who are there, that you and I and all
the American Senate should be here day and
night, and using such language of vituperation
and invective on this subject as wo often do? Look
at our great country, and the great suhjeets which
claim our attention as her legislators; look at tlicia
all in their majesty and their magnitude, and then
say, how little, pitiful, in comparison, is the ques-
tion about which we are making so much strife
and contention.
On this subject, and on many others, it seems
to me that it becomes us, of all the citizens of this
great Republic, to set to our fellow-citizens ex-
amples of moderation and conciliation. What
good does the mutual charge of aggression, often
fiercely repeated? what good do these invectives
of one against another? Especially*let me say to
my friends of the North, why indulge in invec-
tives of the most reproachful character, upt^i
those \yho, in fourteen or fifteen States of this
great country, are slaveholders? Does that give
you any cause to traduce them ? Cannot you live
content with the institutions which please you
better, and leave these fellow-citizens, who have
just the same right to adopt slavery that you have
your institutions, to enjo,y their liberty in peace
also? Is there anything in fhe difference of our
institutions which ought to make us inimical to
one another? Plow was it with our fathers? Did
not they live together in peace and harmony ? Did
not they fight together? Did not they legislate
together? Did they ever abuse and reproach each
other about the question of slavery ? Never, that
I have read of. Why is it that we cannot do
as they did? Have we degenerated from those
fathers, or have we grown so much better and
purer than they were? I doubt whether we are
any better; and I'do notbelieve, notwithstanding
all that is said about progress, that we are at all
more sensible than'those fathers who made the
Constitution of the United States, and laid the
foundation of this great Government of ours.
They gave us an example of brotherhood; and
when we look at all thatconnects us,all thatunites
and makes us one people, how much more pow-
erful would its influence seem to be to connect
us together, than the power of slavery and anti-
slavery to divide us? We are united by circum-
stances of w.hicli we cannot divest ourselves.
We are united in language, in blood, in country,
in all the memories of the past, in all the hopes
of the future. This is our connection, leading and
pointing to the brightestdestiny that ever awaited
any people. All the unnumbered blessings of the
future are in full prospect; but there is this Jittle,
this comparatively small matter of.con tention, that
we seem disposed to nurse up into continual oc-
casion for philippics and for reproaches. This
is not the right temper with which to regaid the
subject. Crimination ant[ recrimination is not
the way to strengthen our Union—that Union of
brotherhood, of good will, of cooperation for all
great national purposes, which our fathers formed.
I was gratified to hear comparisons made of
the mighty resources of the different sections of
this country. It was aproud exhibition. The,hpn-
orable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Ham-
mond] gave us, in a very interesting and §loquent
manner, the mighty resources of the South. They
arc beyond estimate—beyond-calculatio.il. Tins
is replied to by a gentleman from the North, who
gives us the mighty resources and the mighty
power of New'England and the non-slaveholdmg
States. Well, sir, if the conclusion which might
be drawn from it was true, that each of those sec-
tions would by itself make a mighty country and
a country that any one of us might be proud of,
what a magnificent country is made when we put
it all together! What a magnificent abode for
man, such as the Almighty never gave to any
other people, and never placed on the surface of
this earth!
It seems to me the most natural union in the
world—the South, with her great and her rich
productions, while the North abounds with inge-
nuity, labor, mechanical skill, navigation, and
commence. The very diversity of our resources
is the natural cause of union between us. It would
not do for us all to make cotton, nor would it do
for us all to work in your manufactories. Nature
seems to have organized here this country, adapted
to a union of people North and South. Nature
has given her sanction to the Union. Nature
has traced that Union, and you alone disturb it.
Gentlemen, you alone disturb it by making this
