2182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
present session the usual additional compensation
of $800 each, 84,000."
Mr. HUNTER. I*will tell the Senator that I
voted against it. The Committee on Finance
moved to strike it out and it was stricken' out,
but it was given up in conference sooner than im-
peril the bill itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator voted for the
bill containing that appropriation, to pay to the
reporters of the House of Representatives the
extra compensation of $4,000 It could not have
been appropriated without the consent of the Sen-
ate. It was not money taken out of the contin-
gent fund of the House of Representatives. It
was money taken out of the Treasury to pay the
reporters of the House for the present session
of Congress. Having done that, shall we turn
round now and declaim against paying extra com-
pensation to the same class of employes, after
having, by our own votes, established the prece-
dent? If this principle is so vital, we should have
stood upon it then. I am willing to go with Sen-
ators to reform this system of printing and go
against extra compenijution, but before we com-
mence that, let us do justice.
I should like to have a division of the question.
I am willing to strike out this clause in the bill of
the House of Representatives:
" For the UMial additional compensation tn the reporter*
for the Congressional Ol.ifop, tor ropounii.' t!i-v proeeeduiap
nf the House lor the next regular ses. ion of the Thirty Fjlth
Congress, $800 to each reporter, $<l,00i> ''
I will vote to strike that out, and I will also, if
it be in order, move to strike out the amendment
which the Senate has made to fay the Senate re-
porters 5,3,200 for reporting the proceedings of
the next session of Congress; but! desire to vote
to pay the reporters of the Senate for reporting at
the present and tin: last session of Congress the
sum that we ourselves have already adopted to
pay the reporters of the House for the same kind
of service; then let us reform the reporting sys-
tem, if we wish to do so. 1 call for a division of
the question upon the motion to strike out, so
that we may strike out the extra compensation for
future service, and retain it for the past services
of our own reporters. I wish to have a separate
vote on each clause.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator that he cannot effect his purpose
now in regard to the amendment the Senate has
put ill the bill. We cannot strike any portion of
that out, and 1 suggest, therefore, whether he had
not better let the matter stand. We cannot strike
out any part of what the Senate has already put
into the bill.
Mr. TRUMHULL. There is a motion to strike
it all out.
Mr. STUART. That is another question; but
what I mean io say to the Senator is that he can-
not. divide the anH-ndnirnt which the Senate has
put in, so as to strike out that which is prospect-
ive.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. 1 am not posted up on rules
of order. What I have just read to the Senate
was in tho bill originally, and the motion pend-
ing is to strike that out, together with what the
Senate has added to the bill since. If a motion
is in order to strike it all out, and it is susceptible
of division, may I not call for a division, and vote
.on striking out this clause which provides for
future compensation ?
Mr. STUART. Tho Senator docs not under-
stand mo. The Senate has put m an amendment.
It is not in order to strike out that amendment, or
any part of it. If the Senator should succeed in
getting a division, and striking out that portion
in regard to the Senate reporters, it would leave
the House proposition standing. He would thus
produce the very inequality he seeks to avoid.
Mr. HUNTER. Aslumlerstandit,the amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi was to the
section giving the House reporters this money.
I had moved, originally, to strike out that section;
and it was proposed, before the vote was taken
on striking out, to amend the words I proposed
to strike out, by this addition. I now move,
after the Senate have put in these words, as an
amendment,to strike out the section as amended.
It is true, the Senator from Illinois cannot divide
the amendment, put in so as to strike out what
was substantially inserted by the Senate; but we
can strike out the whole section as amended
Mr. STUART Yes
Mr. BELL. 1 wish merely to say one word in
explanation of the vote I shall give. I do not
mean to go over the grounds taken by other Sen-
ators, nor to notice those taken on the opposite
side. When this question was first suggested, or
brought to the notice of the Senate, at the pres-
entsession, I took some pains to ascertain whether
the reporters of this body were adequately paid.
I had heard it said that it was probable they were
not; and that, unless they got further compensa-
tion, they would not continue to report for the
Senate. I wished to know whether there was any
just foundation for the dissatisfaction or for the
rumor which I had heard; and, upon inquiry, I
got such information as satisfied me that they
we^c already, probably, paid aboutasmuch as the
publisher of the debates could afford; that the
corps of reporters employed here considered they
were not adequately paid, and had not been ade-
quately paid heretofore. The services are very
laborious indeed, during a considerable portion of
the session, and towards the close the labor is al-
most unsupportable, occupying them sometimes
sixteen and even twenty hours a day, and some-
times twenty-four consecutive hours have been oc-
cupied by the superintendent of the reports. I
ascertained further that it was probable that this
corps would leave the service in which they were
employed if they wore not paid a larger sum, or
if they had no prospect of being so paid. j
Thinking myself that it was a matter of. great j
public importance that the debates of this body
should be regularly reported and published, hav-
ing very different views on that subjcctf'rom some
of the honorable Senators who have addressed
the Senate, and without reference to the question
whether there ought to be a reorganization of the
plan of reporting, or a new organization, or a new
system adopted, I looked to the actual point be-
fore us—thejustice of making this additional com-
pensation to the reporters. Sometimes I might
be inclined to give a vote on considerations con-
nected with the relations in which we stand, our
social relations to a portion of the employes of the
Senate; but I feel myself clear in giving this vote
upon the ground that it is merely doing them jus-
tice, and that probably no such body of reporteis
could be obtained if they were to relinquish then-
present employment. It is not likely that they
could be. We can get propositions to report, I
dare say, for one half the amount; but they do not
afford the security that the experience we have had
of the skill and fidelity of this corps of reporters
furnishes. It is upon the ground of justice, for
the purpose of securing an object which 1 con-
sider important, that I give my vote; believing that
they have not been adequately compensated here-
tofore; believing that now it isjust that this money
should be given to enable them with cheerfulness
to continue in the service m which they are now
engaged, and to afford such reports as they have
heretofore furnished to the country.
As I stated the other day, occasional mistakes
occur in the best corps of reporters; and 1 alluded
to a case in relation to some remarks I made on a
very delicate and important question; but that is
a contingency to which we must be subject at all
times. Mistakes will be made; sometimes one
that may be serious and to be regietted, and may
be mortifying to the gentleman who makes re-
marks in this body. On the whole, I think this
corps of reporters have been faithful, skillful, and
able, and I wish to continue them. I vote on
grounds of justice, according to my conception of
! their claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In order to avoid the ques-
| tion of order that is made by the Senator from
Michigan, I will move to reconsider the vote by
; which the Senate adopted the amendment; and
: when that shall be reconsidered, if the Senate
' reconsider it, I will then ask for a separate vote
upon the different clauses of the amendment; for
I afn opposed to making an appropriation to pay
extra compensation for the future; though I am
j in favor of placing our own reporters upon an
I equality with the position in which the Senate
has, by its own action, placed the House report-
j ers. Therefore 1 move to reconsider the vote by
| which the amendment was adopted, with a view
i of asking a division upon it, so as to vote directly
j upon the third clause of it, which pays the extra
compensation for the next session.
I Mr. BROWN. Allow me to call the attention
of the Senator from Illinois to a fact He speaks
 
of reconsidering, with a view of striking out the
provision which gives extra compensation for the
coming session of Congress, if he will look at
the original House bill, which we are amending^
he will find that it provides for paying the House
reporters for the next session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I propose to strike that
oat.'
Mr. BROWN. You cannot do it. It is amended
now. If you strike out both together, be it so;
but the result, let me say to my friend from Illi-
nois, will be this: that the next session of Con-
gress will come round, and your reporters are
not provided for by this bill, and the House will
not provide for theirs as a matter of course, when
they pass the bill there. Why ? Because they
are already provided for, and then your reporters
will stand pretty much where they do now—un-
provided for. I think it is better to let them go
along hand in hand.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to make a suggestion
to my friend from Illinois. I shall vote against
his motion to reconsideras well as against the mo-
tion to strike out. If you reconsider this amend-
ment, and strike out the proposition of the bill to
pay the House reporters for tho next session, to-
gether with the payfnent of our reporters for the
next session, you will leave no motion for the
House of Representatives to concur in our amend-
ment; and as there is no probability that we shall
reorganize this system until the next session, I
would rather provide now for the next session
than hazard this appropriation for tho payment of
our reporters for the last session, and the present
session. I want to get them that flist; but 1 think
that probably by the time you reorganize the sys-
tem, the next session will have gone by, and the
money will have been earned and spent. I hope,
therefore, the Senator will not insist on his mo-
tion to reconsider. My fear is, that by reconsid-
ering, .we shall lose the whole proposition. I
agree that it would be more proper; it is more in
accordance with my notions of propriety to wait
until the service is performed before giving this
complimentary pay; but I want to leave the other
House some motive to adopt our proposition, and
| 1 state it frankly.
I Now, I wish to say a word in reply to the Sen-
1 ator from Virginia, about extra compensation.
! This certainly cannot be regarded as extra, be-
| cause we do not pay them anything besides. 1Jj)is
; is all our payment to the reporters. I wish to call
i his attention to another fact. I am informed, upon
! inquiry among the committees I have been on,
' that in older to get rid of annual appropriations
j for extras, we have raised the permanent price of
! committee clerks, and other employes here, ti
; the extent of the twenty per cent, formerly given
< as extra. That is a very economical way of
! voting extra payments. [Laughter.] Yon avoid
! the term and pay the money. That is what we
do in regard to our officers.
! As has been suggested by the Senator from
; Maine, this payment has been going on for years;
but we are in arrears two sessions to our report-
ers, and I think we ought to pay them that. The
, Senator from Virginia says, now that we have put
this in the bill, that he goes for striking out the
provision for the reporters of both Houses, and
! then they will be on an equality. He cannot
j avoid so glaring a fact as this: that our reporters
' are now behind the reporters of the House two
sessions of Congress in the appropriations already
made for this compensation. That stands out
| clearly, and cannot be overlooked, and cannot be
j put out of sight by any ingenious argument. I
[ desire, as I said before, to keep this provision
just as it is, and to appropriate for the next ses-
| sion, in order to induce the House of Representa-
. tives to adopt our amendment, and put our report-
ers on an equality with them. Then I will go with
! the Senator from Virginia, in any proper mode of
economy he may desire, to prevent the payment
] of $200,000 for these books. I think that is enor-
mous, but I would not take it out of these hard-
working people. Let them have their pay for
reporting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) Does the Senator from Illi-
nois insist on his motion?
Mr TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, I insist upon the
motion to reconsider. I am opposed to paying
extra compensation in advance for the next ses-
sion of Congress. Senators around me tell me
