1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W-
which the securities have to run on which they
make their loans. The true secret of the ability
of banks to meet their engagements, is to have
everything which they hold as securities of a
marketable vaiue. If their loans are based on
securities having a market value, they are sure
to meet their engagements. Coin always has a
market value. Railroad stocks and Slate bonds
have a market value as remittances. If they loan
to a broker §500,000 on call, with railroad stocks
as collateral, as soon as a demand comes from
England they give him notice that the stocks
are to be sold if he does not pay, or the banks
will make a bargain for them with the foreign
merchant. This often results in the bank and
the broker fixing a price, and letting them go
across the water to pay for importations. These
call loans are no loans at all for business. A man
cannot sail a ship with them. They would not
enable him to carry on any kind of business that
required any considerable time in waiting for the
return of his labor. This making call loans is
one reason why the banks of New York city
have had such great control over the entire cur-
rency of the country. They make a scarcity of
money that.puts everybody else tributary to them.
It is their interest to do so. It is the interest of
the city of New York to continue its commercial
ascendency in this country. If you want insti-
tutions to regulate your currency, you must have
an institution under the government of rnea
having no such local rivalry or jealousy, but
would as soon discount in Wisconsin to get a
crop to market, as in New York to pay for a cargo
of British goods. It should be the purpose t>f a
batik to aid in carrying the products of labor from
the place of production to the place of consump-
tion; and the banks would do that if they had no
local interest to sustain, and there was no rival-
ship between different cities. 1 would prefer to
have forty cities than one to do the commercial
business of the country, because I believe it is a
great vice to have very large cities.
I would make an institution into which I should
allow the producing classes to put their small
mites, and become mutual aiders and helpers of
each, leaving your commercial men and traders
to manage as they may. I would have what is
no%v called in the States, a saving's institution,
connected with the Treasury of the United States,
and let the business of the Government be kept
in the channel of the business of the producers,
widening- and deepening them, and increasing
your facilities, and I would let anybody who
pleased, deposit fifty dollars, and make the per-
manent depositors retire from the institution when
they had been in fifteen years. I was familiar
with the origin of the last Bank of the United
States, and it was the most popular institution in
the world, while it was open to everybody to
subscribe. But when you have let in the present
generation to an institution whose benefits are
large, and shut the door against their successors,
it will become unpopular from that day, and by
the time it has run twenty years it will have no
sympathies with the public, and the public will
have no feeling for it but hatred. You should
have an institution into which you would let
people come, as they grow into active business
life, and make their deposits and share in the
benefits of the institution. Then you will have j
no monopolies. When a man has been there the |
period of his common business life, let him retire;!
he has no further use for a bank; he may as well
put his money in stocks, as a permanent invest-
ment. The advantages of such an institution
should be for the active business men engaged in
the transport of the products of the country, and
should be for the benefit of the producers, to en-
able them to wait for the distant return of the
rewards of their labor.
Make such an institution as this, and in less
than one year you will have $50,000,000, now in '
old stockings and pocket-books, doing nobody [
any good. Such an institution would furnish a '
good currency to the country, and could let money
out at six per cent., and make large dividends.
Your national finances would be conducted with-
out producing these revulsions, without abstract-
ing coin from the banks, and undermining the
currency. Your people would know what they
were about. There would be no risk in exchanges.
The expenses of doing business would be less-
ened fourfold. I have read, within a week, au
extract from the money articlc of a New Orleans
paper, the Delta, I believe, which stated ■ that the
first wack of this month was a week of promise,
as compared with the former condition of the
money market in that city—a week of ease and
improvement. It said there was a considerable
stir of merchandise, and money was compara-
tively easy. It was stated that some transactions
had been made atone and a half per cent.amonth,
but the major part at two and a half per cent.
Thirty per cent, a year was a relief to the money
market! Sir, business cannot be carried on at
such a rate of interest. A man had better put his
securities in the fire, than to undertake to carry
on business when paying such rates of interest.
It is wonderful how our people will bear a pres-
sure. Extortion by usurers is one of the most pow-
erful means of extracting the bread from the la-
borer's mouth and putting it where it will do no
good to society. Some people talk about thenatural
instincts of men for money; but, sir, nature never
formed a man with any instinct for extortion.
Men never get such a feeling until the natural
heart is gone, and a horse leech put in its stead,
that cries " Give, give." That is the way with
money lenders. I have known one of them carry
it on until he would steal oats from his own horse.
[Laughter.] I wish to take society away from
the grasp of these men, let them be where they
will, acting as individuals or in banks; and I am
afraid some of our banks want a little castigation
for bad practices. I have heard some rather bad
stories in regard to a few of our banks. I have
read the returns of the banks of the city of New
York, which are the controlling banks of the
country as to business. They have generally, in
ordinary times, from twelve to seventeen million
dollars of coin, and about six or eight millions of
circulation. The business of the clearing house,
which is a place for exchanging notes and checks,
and paying balances, is, in ordinary times, more
than twenty million dollars a day. All this great
operation of business is to be performed on a cur-
rency in bills of $3,000,000 in those fifty-eight
banks. They have more than two dollars of com
for one dollar of paper, and yetitiscalled inflation!
It seems to me to be about the nearestapproach to
hard money I ever saw. This clearing house is
a good thing for misers; but it clears out effect-
ually every feature of legitimate banking. Bank-
ing is founded on confidence and credit. The
clearing house system is founded on this idea:
" we will go to bed, with an institution owing us
a dollar." They settle their balances in coin every
day. There is not a bank officer in New York
who has gone to bed on any night during the last
three years trusting another institution with a
paper dollar. Everything is settled nightly. If;
you want anything faster than that you ought to 1
nay coin in advance. If that is not hard money,
what is ? I want a bank that will trust not only
the Government but the people.
The President says that the credit of the United j
States is so high that this is an admirable time
for the Government to negotiate. I admit that the
banks will jump at this oner. They will not trust
anybody who labors; they have bled them so long
that they are unworthy of credit. The banks in
New York, since their suspension, have greatly
increased their stock of coin. Nobody who pro-
duces a dollar's worth can go there and negotiate
a bill of exchange so as to bring a cargo of wheat
from Chicago. I saw in the Journal of Commerce,
which is pretty good authority on some sides of
this Chamber, a statement that it was remarkable
that when there was a clear margin of thirty cents
a bushel on wheat, there was not money enough to
buy and ship a cargo. That was six weeks ago.
I saw letters from merchants in England to mer-
chants in Providence, asking them to unite with
them in shipping wheat; and no doubt a largo
profit would be realized. I asked them why they
did not engage in it. They said they had their
money out, and that between breaking their neigh-
bors and making twenty or thirty cents a bushel
on wheat, they had no doubt which to choose;
and they did not want to see anybody breaking.
These men were bank directors; those "irrespons-
ible" men who would not turn the screws on a
debtor in order to make thirty cents a bushel by
shipping wheat.
Mr. President, I think I have demonstrated
the propriety of the request which I yesterday
made to the "Senator from Virginia, to wait before
he pressed this bill, until I could have time to-
read it and concentrate my thoughts somewhat.
I am ashamed to address a body like the Senate
of the United States withoutfirst thinking over,
every question that I mean to present to them,
and marshaling my points in my own mind by.
a little reflection. Twas certain when the mes-
sage was read, that the President was totally mis-,
taken in regard.to the Bank of England .although
the subject had not been on my mind for thirty^
years; and I am sure of it now, when I have
looked at the book to which I have already called
the attention of the Senate. I know something
about our own banks, and I have been in favor,
of granting banking facilities ever since I have
been acquainted with private money-lenders and,
usurers. When I see a proposition to establish
a bank coming from responsible men, who have
been in the habit of lending under the modern
free-trade notions about money, I am glad to take
their capital, and put it together under a charter
which will enable the Legislature to watch them
and fix the rate of interest they shall charge, an4
have some control over them. I say that under
the Magna, Ckarta of this Government, you have
no right to investigate the affairs of private indi-
viduals, aijd therefore you cannot put State banks
under the operation of a bankrupt law which you
may pass. But get money into a bank under the,
authority of a law of your own, an4 you can con-
trol its issues; you can control the rate of interest
at which it shall make loans, and there will, be
some sort of a fair chance between debtor, and
creditor. The debtor will be enough of a servant
any way, in the most benignant position you can
place him.
I have alluded to the movement in England as
to cotton. They expect to bring down the price
of cotton. I have known that experiment to be
tried in England before, and I never knew it tried
that it did not succeed. Once, when cotton was
very high, there was a current rumor, and I have
no doubt a true one, that the banks of England
would not discount paper for any man who dealt
in cotton, and it was not many weeks before cot-
ton was offered at a less price. There was a
combination on this side to exact an enormous
price ; and a combination on the other side to pre-
vent it. I do not believe in these combinations
on either side. I believe in letting trade take a
fair, natural, and honest course; and I desire to
see the productions of labor, and the wages of
labor, at a high price. If you undertake to give
large wages, and to sell the products low, it is
easy to see where the end will he.
Now, sir, I hope the Senator from Virginia
will permit me, and those who think with me, to
have this bill put in such a form as to enable us
to make an amendment fixing some mode of re-
deeming this money, or that he will give us
assurances that he himself will introduce a bill to
prevent frauds on the revenue. If he will do that,
I can guaranty him that as soon as we dispose
of the goods in his warehouses, that stand be-
tween the producer and the market, as the great
dragon in the Apocalypse, ready to devour the
first dawnings of a remunerative market, as soon
as we can see a market in which to sell our own,
products, the industry of this country will shake
off its lethargy and gloom, and you will see it
bound forward in its ordinary march to success.
It is impossible to get credit on such a market as
we have now; and a man would be a fool to take
it if he could get it, and produce for a market
that is in the hands and under the control of
foreigners. I tell our friends of the cotton-grow-
ing region that they will rue the day when they
established this free-trade system, as it is caifed;
but it is not truly so called. It is a one-sided
system, that brings us in debt all the time, and
prostrates the consumers of their staples within
the limits of the United States, and gives them
Europe as their only customer. The result will
be the same to them as if they were in the hands
of a private money lender. There is no end to
their exactions. You want competitors in the
market for purchasing; your goods, and the best
competitors arc those nearest to you. I have
ne,ver been in the Senate when a treaty came here
that would take off a halfpenny a pound from
tobacco, but persons were ready to overturn the
Constitution and make a tariff under a treaty,
though it was never designed that we should have
a revenue law which did not originaW in the oth«r
