116.0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
in the States of the Union. The whole contro- j
versy has been, and is, in regard to slavery in the
Territories. The policy adopted in 1850 was to 1
have nothing to do with it. if we subsequently j
acquired territory in which slavery existed at the |
time of the acquisition, Congress was notto inter- |
fere for its abolition; if the territory was free by ;
virtue of any existing law, as was the case with '
the territory acquired from Mexico under the
Mexican laws, and of that lying north of 360 30' *
cf the Louisiana purchase by the Missouri com- .
promise, Congress should not interfere to repeal |
those laws, but should leave the country in the ;
condition it then was. In fact, slavery was then j
excluded from ail the Territories of the United i
States by virtue of some positive law, except j
from that portion of the territory acquired from j
Prance which lay south of 36° 30'. j
This policy gave peace to the country. All par- >
tics acquiesccd in it. After a most exciting con- |
test, and a great deal of agitation in 1850, the coun-
try became quiet, and it was not until 1854 that
agitation again commcnced. To show what was
the condition of the country from 1850 to 1854,
I will read an extract from a speech delivered in \
tins body when the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
pending, in 1854, by a Senator from Michigan, ;
now the Secretary of State. Mr. Cuss said, in
language more beautiful than I can use: j
■'Mr. Resident, but lour brief year;? arc passing away, !
brief in the lite of a nation, since this Hall icsoundcd witli :
angry and agitating discussions upon the veiy topics that
now distuib"and aivtde in, and since every breeze that
► pioad out to tiio heaven? the flag that waves over us—our
rollers' Ha?, and, blessed be God, yet our own—brought
us from crowded city and from lonely cabin, trom lull, val- 1
l-.y, and piamu, <iom ocean and lake, the echoes of anx- j
n ry and p.i>Mii£j over the eountiy, and whicb an- |
nounced lv.nl a groat people had reached a crisis m their [
destiny, which, tor weal oi for woe, might mark their history j
uutHtg lon^ aires to come. Well, ail this pa-^'cd avvav, by ,
the iiTcrev of Piovuleneo ralh< s than by the wisdom of man, I
and a beautiful t;ibute furnished to the inc-iunable value
Kt fiee institutions; foi thine is not anothei Government
Knder heaven which could have enteted into Mieliatiul
j>nd come out of it unscathed. Peace and pio-peiitj and
euoil leeling were restoted, and wo looked toiwa.d to long
\ cars ot tranquillity. The events now upon us an' another
illustration ot the vamtv of human expectations. Kut yes- |
leidav, tha wnole heim-phere was wmiout a cloud, even
on the distant horizon—to-day, the ^ns ol'an appnmehinj,' ,
H'mpoat aie audible and visiole, and the only question winch
can (;vi'i pur to hazard our lTmon and saiet}, piesents itself ;
lor solution." * *
k* 3Ii. Pi evident, I have not withheld the expression of rny ■
regret eMwhcre, nor shall I withhold it heie, that this '
question of the repeal of the Missouri eomproni'^e, which >
opens all the disputed points connected with the subject of ,
^ongressioual action upon slavery in the terntoiy ot the !
United States has boon oiougbt betoie u=. i do not think I
the practical advantages to result from the measure will out- |
weigh the injuiy which the iH-fcehng, fated to accompany :
the discussion of this subject through the country, is suie to |
produce. And 1 was confirmed m this impression by what j
war. said by the Senator fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] by •
the. Senatoi from lO'ntueky. [Mr. Dixon,] and by the Hen- j
ator trom Nottii Carolina. [Mr. Badger,] and also by the
lemarks which fell fiom the Senator from Viigiuta, [Mr.
Hunter,] and in which 1 fully cuneui, that the South will
never derive any benefit from this measure, so far as re-
spects the extension of shwciy; for legislate as we mav, no
human power can ever establish it m the regions defined by
the&e Inllsi.''
I have read this cxtractfor the purpose of show-
ing wiiat was the opinion of a distinguished Sen-
ator at that time, and one who felt constrained to
vote for the Kansas-Nebraska bill that brought
these difficulties upon the country. The passage
of that bill opened up, as he eloquently remarked,
the discussion ..f th:U question which alone has
hitherto put to ha::.ut! the safety and the peace of
the Union. It was a departure from the non-in-
tervention policy adopted in 1850, for Congress,
by the Kansas-Nebiaska act, intervened to re-
peal an existing statute which excluded slavery
from the Territories then organized. Here was
the mistake. Many of those who advocated that
measure did not, perhaps, see the consequences
which were to flow from it. I do not suppose
they did.
The reasons which they gave were that by re-
pealing the law excluding slavery from Kansas
and .Nebraska, the question of us existence in
thofco Tomtoik's would be left to the people who
should settle there, and that this disposition of !
the subject would remove it from the political I
arena and from the Haii« of' Congress, and trans-
fer it to the people of the Territory to he affected
hy it, where it properly belonged. This was the
argument. How illy tint measure has answered
the purposes for which it was designed by those
who took that view oi the subject, history shows.
So far irera r**a©vin£ this txeilin^ topic from ovs
congressional discussions, the Halls of Congress
have not ceased from that day to this to resound
with speeches made upon the subject of slavery.
So far from transferring the matter to the decision
of the people who should settle in the Tenitory,
most of those who advocated the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska act now deny wholly the right
of the people of a Territory to act upon the. sub-
ject at all while the territorial condition continues.
Doth the objects which it was said were to be
accomplished by the passage of that bill have
signally failed. The right of the people of a Ter-
ritory, while in a territorial condition, to actujnon
this subject is now denied, notwithstanding what
is said in the bill about leaving to the people of
the Territory the regulation of their domestic in-
stitutions la their own way, upon the ground that
constitutionally they have no such right; that the
Constitution of the United States extends slavery
to the Territories and perpetuates it so long as the
territorial condition continues. In support of this
proposition, we arc referred to what is called the
Dred Scott decision. No such question was de-
cided in the Dred Scott case. The only point
decided in that case was that a person descended
from Africans, who were held as slaves, had no
authority to sae in the circuit court of the United
States. The Supreme Court did not decide whether
Drud Scott was a freeman or a slave, and it was
wholly immaterial to the decision made whether
he was the one or the other. They decided the
case upon the ground that the court had no juris-
diction to hear him, and then proceeded, in an ex-
tra-judicial manner, without having thoquestjons
legitimately before them, to pronounce opinions
upon political questions; and to my utter aston-
ishment, the Senator from .Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin',] a distinguished lawyer, undertook, the
other day, to show that that portion of their opin-
ion upon these political questions as to the au-
thority of Congress to exclude slavery from a
Territory, and the right of slaveholders to intro-
duce it, amounted to a decision and was properly
before thocourt. He reproached those of us who
had asserted that the only question decided by the
court was one of jurisdiction. I will read a few
sentences from what he said:
<• It wa- said everywhere,< tins coui t is usurping power;
u has no Mich pov\ ei as that winch it assumes, it iiist says
it has no juu-dietion, and then, after doelarmg itself to be
without power ovei tiie subject-matter, it presumes to de-
tcimmcif.' Vh'ery Senator on this side ol the Chamber,
who has spoken, has repeated this. 1 want to nail the as-
sertion to the counter; the coin is false/' * . x *
" Every Senator who has spoken on the subject of tins
decision has declaied that the eouit said it was without ju-
risdiction to determine it, and then determined it. I s-ay
that all the judges declared that they had junsdiction of the
nients, and deteimmed that point betore they decided the
men its , and I am prepared to prove it."' k K *
''Now, shall I detain the Senate by reading passages
from the speeches which i hold in my hand, and m which
every Senator in succession, who has spoken of this decis-
ion, hasspiead before the country thebold, plain statement
that the Supreino Cotnt fiist decided that it had no juris-
diction, and thou went on to determine the merits.'''
Every careful reader will observe the different
forms in which this is stated. The Senator from
Louisiana is going to nail to the counter the asser-
j tion that the Supreme Court dccided it had no ju-
i risdiction, and then decided upon „':o merits; and
■ he is going to do that by showing th.,teach judge
, said he had jurisdiction. Who denied that? That
is not the point in issue. The question is, what
did the court decide, not what each judge said
about his having jurisdiction. Suppose they had
; said that they had'jurisdiction to try the honorable
i Senator from Louisiana for misstating their opin-
ion : would that have given them jurisdiction ? The
i charge made by us, which is not refuted, and can-
, not be refuted, is, that the court decided that they
had no jurisdiction, and then went on to decide,
j or rather express opinions, upon the merits of the
' case. I will prove this; and I will prove it from
, thru- own decision; and will show that the nails
: with which the honorable Senator from Louisiana
has attempted to fasten to the counter the asscr-
■ tion that the court had authority to decide any-
' thing else than as to the jurisdiction, broke in the
driving, and cannothold the assertion to any such
! place. The court say in their opinion delnered
; by Judge Taney;
; " It will be observed t'lat the plea applies tothat class of
i persons only who-e oncesiors weie negroes ot the Afucan
' race, and imported into this countiv, and soJd and held as
| slaves. The only matter in i^ue befoiethe comt, there-
foie, whoihorthe d. ••eiida.nts of *uch sla're-, when they
b'rul! I •> emancipate h or v;'io are bo n of narents \\ ho had
ties ineii'birth,arG citizense:'aSuie,m to®
| sense in which tfee word citizen is used in the Constitution
i of the United States. And this bemet the only matter in
j dispute on trie pleadings, the court must be undeistood as
! speaking in this opinion of that cla«s. only, that is, of those
' persons who are the descendants of Ahicans who were im-
ported into this country, and sold as slaves."
In the conclusion of his opinion the Chief Jus-
tice says:
" Upon the whole, therefore, it is the judgment of this
court"—
Now we come to the actual decision:
—u that itappearsby the record before us that the plaintiff in
error is not a citizen of Mtssouii, in the sense in which
that word is used in the Constitution; and that the circuit
court of the United States, for that reason, had no juris-
diction in the case, and could give no judgment in it."
Could anything be plainer? The court first
state the only question before them to be whether
a particular class of persons can sue as citizens
in the United States courts,and then decide, that
the party is not a citizen of Missouri; and that
for that reason the circuit court had no jurisdic-
tion of the case, and could give no judgment in it.
j Now it matters not what each individual judge
! may have said upon matters not involved in the
! decision made, and it is a most singular way of
! proving that such sayings were not dicta because
| the judge said they were not. What is dictum ?
■ It is the expression of the opinion of judges upon
! a matter not necessary to the decision of the case
; and not involved in the decision made. What is
| involved in the decision made m this case ? Not
| the freedom or slavery of Dred Scott, nor the
1 effect of his residence north of 36° 30' north lati-
I tude, or in the State of Illinois. Why, sir, every
'judge who delivers a decision, and then goes on
- to expressan opinion on matters not necessary to
! the decision of the point which determines the
I case, in the very act of so doing asserts his au-
| thority for his course, and yet such expression of
! opinion is clearly dictum. No judge ever so far
, stultified himself as to declare to begin with,
' '* what I am now going to say is out of the case,
; and is of no authority whatever, but I will go ok
to say it." Because these judges say they have
1 authority to express their opinions on questions
, not involved in the decision made, the Senator
from Louisiana says it makes their opinion au-
thority. So far will men be blinded on this slavery
question, by their prejudices or feelings, that it
seems they cannot look impartially even at the
decision of a court.
What further position does the Senator from
Louisiana'take ? He says the Supreme Court, it
is true, dccided that the circuit court of Missouri
had not jurisdiction to determine the case, but
they did not decide that they themselves had no
j jurisdiction. Sir, can it be possible that the Sen-
! ator from Louisiana contends that the Supreme
j Court had any larger or greater jurisdiction than
: the circuit court whence the case came ? It is not
! one of that class of cases over which, by the Con-
j stitution, the Supreme Court has original juris-
i diction; it is a case where it has only appellate
| jurisdiction. Can the appellate jurisdiction be
I larger than the jurisdiction of the court from which
j the appeal is taken? Can the stream rise higher
j than the fountain ? When it was decided that the
1 circuit court had no jurisdiction, and could give
no judgment in the case, how idle it is to say that
the Supreme Court had jurisdiction and could give
judgment.
Having disposed of the jurisdiction of the court,
and shown that the opinions which the judges ex-
pressed, outside of the decision which they made,,
are entitled to no authority, and are merely the
expression of opinions upon political questions,
entitled to no more weight than they would have
if coming from the same gentlemen off the bench >
I wish now to follow up a little further the argu-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana. He stated:
' The whole subject of slavery, so far as it is involved in
the issue now before the country, is narrowed down at last
to a controversy on the soinaiy point whether it be compe-
tent for the Congress of the United States, directly or indi-
rectly, to exclude slavery from the Territory of the Union.
The Supieme Court of the United States have given a neg-
ative answer to this pioposition, and it shall be my first
erfbit to support that negation by argument, independently
of the authority of the decision."
I have shown that the Supreme Court have
made no such decision^nordo I believe they ever
will. Again, the Senator said:
" It seems to me that the ladic al, fundamental error which
underlies the aigumcnt in affnuuitiou ol tin* powei, is the
assumption that slaveiy is the cieat jr^ of the statute law
of tiie several States where it is established; that it has no
eawtenw outside ef the limits ©f these State*1.;, that slaves
