u
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
House. So it was when any new market was |
opened for cotton. Does not everybody hail the
news when it comes, that Russia is beginning to
manufacture,and make a market for our staples?
Our" own country, ten years ago, furnished a
market for six hundred thousand bales of cotton
annually, and it has not increased a bale since.
If you had allowed a tariff which protected your
revenues from fraud to stand, the consumption in
this country, to-day, would have been one million
two hundred thousand bales annually.
There is not an honest importer who can live
by the side of these Germans. It is a national
degradation to see the quotation of exchanges in
this country. Three weeks ago, I saw it stated
that there were in New York some bills on the
market, drawn by a factor in Charleston, and in-
dorsed by the Bank of Charleston or the Bank
of the State of South Carolina, I forget which,
with bills of lading annexed, predicated on a pur-
chase of cotton at about twelve cents a pound,
when cotton in England was quoted at eighteen
cents, were offered at one hundred and two, and
there were no buyers; but a bill drawn by a Ger-
man on an English banker sold for one hundred
and ten. A German drawing on an English banker
has decided preference in our market over an
American bank, whose draft is based on produce
that will bring fifty per cent, advance on its cost.
A short time ago the English papers said we
were laboring under a panic for which there was
no reason, and that it would not reach England,
for they were doing a profitable business. I admit
they have done a business which has taken all
the gold we got from California, and they boast
that they have a hundred millions sterling in our
State stocks and railroad bonds. When the tariff
of 1846 went into operation we had taken from
them near every dollar of stocks. Under the act
which gave our industry protection they retained
scarce any of our stocks but old Massachusetts
fives, which was always above par there. Adopt
a system that will make England ship coin, and
they will send back our stocks which they hold.
England is the hardest country to get coin out of,
and the easiest to get it into, that I ever heard of.
I began by endeavoring to induce the members
of the Senate to consider the condition of the la-
bor of this country, of the active business men,
and to try to do something at this session that
shall give them relief and vigor. This Treasury
• note business is directly against them. If you
want only a few millions of Treasury notes, I
shall not object to their issue; but now the Sen-
ator from Virginia says they will be a good thing
for the banks because they can be'paid out in the
place of coin. The Senator from Virginia told
us that the law required six millions of coin to be
in the Mint, and that it was impossible to carry on
the Government without six millions in the sub-
Treasury, making twelve millions required for
these two purposes. He said the Government
was now reduced to five millions, but still these
notes would be used as a currency and would re-
lieve the banks from paying coin. If there is a
necessity for these notes, it is to supply this de-
ficiency of coin, and it will all come from the vaults
of the banks which are trying to resume.
I would not object to a limited issue, but see
no reason for twenty millions.
I would prefer that this should take the form
of a loan, and then I think it would get into the
hands of the savings banks, or some where else,
where it would not disturb the currency. Tell us
iust what you want, and I am willing to vote it.
I only ask that you will not make a bank out of
this. That is the worst and the most unconsti-
tutional form of paper money ever devised by the
wit of man; it will corrupt the Government and
corrupt the people.
I do not believe we should have had any sus-
pension this fail if there had not been a rivalry
between New York and Boston, which should
hold out the longest and be regarded in England
as the best city for the foreign trade.
I hope the Senator from Virginia will let this
matter iie over until we can think more about it.
I will not detain the Senate longer. I am greatly
obliged to Senators for having listened to these
rambling remarks; and I promise, if they will
give me reasonable time, never to trouble them
again. I am opposed to borrowing money in
order to enable importers to delay the payment
of duties as a system of permanent relief.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose, Mr.
President, to follow the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and into the field of inquiry to which he has in-
vited us. These are interesting subjects, and he
certainly manages them ably, and in an interest-
ing manner; but the immediate necessities of the
Government press us to action. He said, if I
understood him, that if I would agree to make
this a temporary measure he would go for it. I
have agreed to accept the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. SIMMONS. But I want the whole issue
reduced to about six or eight million dollars in
amount.
Mr. HUNTER. I will go as far as I can to
accommodate gentlemen. 1 have agreed to make
it a temporary measure.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am willing to say ten mil-
lion dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannotagree toareduction
of the amount. I am willing to make some con-
cession on the point of interest. The Senator
from New York wishes it not to exceed four per
cent. If he will say four and a half per cent., 1
will agree to it.
Mr. SEWARD. I agree to that.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe if we were to re-
strict the issue to $10,000,000, we should in Jan-
uary be called on for another bill. I think that
is the impression of the Department; and under
these circumstances I believe we had better give
this authority now. I am no more in favor of a
permanent issue of Treasury notes than the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. I design only to pro-
vide for the present exigency—provide for the
temporary wants of the Government until the
times shall become easier, and the machinery of
commerce shall be once more restored, and we
shall be able to derive from the ordinary sources,
as I believe we can, revenue enough to carry on
this Government economically.
In the mean time there is a pressing necessity
for money, and I believe (I confess I defer very
much to the judgment of the Secretary of the
Treasury in regard to the amount) he will require
the amount he lias asked for; and I belieye fur-
ther, that if he does not require it, he will not
issue one dollar's worth beyond what is neces-
sary to carry on the Government. He can have
no interest to do so. His reputation as a finan-
cier would induce him to carry on the Govern-
ment with the emission of as small an amount of
Treasury notes as possible. I think I can see
how it is that he will require this amount. We
all know that our surplus is diminishing not
merely weekly, but daily. We know, as I said
before — not that the law requires it, but that
practice shows—that about $6,000,000 surplus is
necessary to administer the affairs of the Treas-
ury. We know, too, that about $6,000,000 has
been considered necessary as a Mint fund—not
so necessary, I admit, as the $0,000,000 surplus
to carry on the affairs of the Treasury. I believe
these two funds ought to be made good. 1 be-
lieve the additional $8,000,000 will not prove to
be more than necessary to meet the temporary
wants of the Government. It will be necessary,
even though the estimates of the Secretary of the
! Treasury in regard to our probable revenue turn
out to be correct; because, no one supposes, even
if there should be a revival of trade and busi-
ness, that there will be a large increase on the
present receipts into the Treasury from imposts
until the month of April or May. It may bo, and
probably will be, that towards the close of the
fiscal year, money will flow into the Treasury
more rapidly; and, if it shall do so, in that way
it may make good the estimate of the Secretary
of the Treasury, which estimate, by the way,
allow mc to observe here, was not merely conjec-
tural. He satd he calculated for a diminution
of one fourth on the dutiable imports for the re-
maining three quarters of a year. On reference
to the leading port—New York, the only one
from which we have returns—if you take the
goods that went into warehouse and those which
went into consumption together, the imports
have diminished one fourth. But a larger pro-
portion have gone into warehouse than have been
1 entered for consumption. His presumption is
! legitimate, that when the times are easier the goods
; will come out of warehouse and enter into con-
j sumption; and should they do so, they may, in
i that way, make up his estimates; but that there
will be a temporary deficiency which will have to
be met in this way, I have no doubt. 1 believe
he will want $6,000,000 by the 1st of January,
or very soon after; and I think it very probable
that the rest will be called for to make good the
Mint and surplus funds by the 1st of March.
I have no idea that before that time we can
draw much more from the Treasury than we
are now drawing. I know that we are paying
out more than we are receiving. I think, inas-
much as the appropriations have been made and
requisitions have been issued, we ought to pre-
pare and provide the means for meeting those
requisitions, and not have to resort to the expe-
dient of having them held up here and there un-
til we can manage to get the means. It is bet-
ter to provide the Secretary with what will be
sufficient, with what will make it certain that he
can administer this Department safely and cred-
itably to the Government, than to cut him down
so closely that it may be necessary to pass a bill
in haste again in the month of January.
It will be observed, too, that if money shall be
wanted by the 1st of March, and we require
him to advertise and put the Treasury notes out
on a notice of thirty days, the bill ought to be
passed now. I believe it is a very important
thing to advertise them in the manner proposed
in this bill. I believe that it offers the best and
most practicable method of putting them out for
their par value in specie, which is the mode in
which, in my opinion, they ought to be issued.
For these reasons, I hope very much that we
may be able to get action on this bill to-day or to-
morrow, at the pleasure of the Senate; but I hope
that by to-morrow night we shall act on it in
some way, for I believe there is a pressing neces-
sity for part of it at any rate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not rise to con-
tinue this debate. I shall vote, with whatever
reluctance, for this bill. I think these expedients
of such a character that they ought to be resorted
to with the utmost degree of caution and jealousy
on the part of Congress. It is so easy a mode of
supplying necessities, it is so easy to make ne-
cessity, that, it is an extremely dangerous mode
of supplying the public Treasury. It has always
i been regarded so, I believe, in this Hall, and al-
ways ought to be so regarded. I suppose, how-
ever, in the present instance, we have no alterna-
tive. The pressing necessities and the exigencies
of the moment are such as to leave us scarcely
any option.
Whether the interest is not to exceed six per
cent., or four and a half per cent., seems to me
a matter of very little consequence. Of course,
the Secretary of the Treasury will use these notes
to the greatest advantage and greatest interest of
the country; but I should not anticipate that any
interest would be necessary to give a perfect
currency to these notes. I am certain that one
very great and large portion of this country—one
whose trade is now suffering very much by the
great inequality of exchange under which it is
laboring—would give a premium for them. When
I left home, a few weeks ago, I obtained exchange
at one of our banks paying specie—now paying
specie, always paying specie—upon a bank of
New York that was not paying specie, and I had
to pay two per cent, for the exchange. With
such a currency as that now proposed distributed
in that country, all this expense would have been
saved. Jt should be worth a premium. My cal-
culation is that the Secretary will not have to pay
anything as interest. Indeed, itseems to me that,
to incumber these notes with any appreciable
rate of interest will be to check, in some degree,
their utility. What farmer, what man in the
country, with a Treasury note for fifty or one
hundred dollars, will stop to make a calculation
of two or three months' interest at four and a
half per cent. ? It will go from his hands without
such a calculation on his part, assimilated in his
thoughts and dealings to bank notes; and the
interest, when paid, will be paid to some more
calculating man, into whose hands it has fallen,
and who has hoarded it up for the purpose of
presenting it in large sums and making money by
it. I wish we were agreed that no interest is
necessary. I do not believe that it will be neces-
sary; but yet, as it seems to be contemplated
that this money shall not be used by the Govern-
ment as an immediate currency to the whole
extent of it, but that they shnll give it out as
