122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
35th Cong....1 st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
But, sir, it is not possible for men to sit here
always. It is a most unreasonable request to ask
Senators to remain here during the twenty-four
hours of the day, to talk to empty benches, while
gentlemen of the majority may go away and rest
part of the time, having watchmen to wake them
up when the yeas and nays are called. Sir, I
should have attempted to address the Senate on
this bill before now, but I have often seen gen-
tlemen on this side of the Chamber addressing
empty benches on the other side. I attempted to
get the floor in an irregular manner to make a few
suggestions on this question, early in the session,
but we 'Were implored to let the Army bill pass,
and let the President's message go by, and with-
hold our remarks until the Kansas bill should
come regularly before us. I always take such a
suggestion as conclusive on me, because I think
that is the most proper way to debate a question
in the Senate. I have not said a word on this
subject since the commencement of the session,
and I have refrained at the suggestion of gentle-
men on the other side of the Chamber, who said
it was more appropriate that the debate should be
deferred until the measure was fairly before us.
I desire at some proper time to say something
upon this bill; I do not mean to occupy a great
deal of the time of the Senate, on any question;
but I desire to speak, because a great many im-
putations have been cast upon those with whom
it is my pride and pleasure to act. We are told
that this man speaks our sentiments, and that
man speaks our sentiments. Sir, no man speaks
my sentiments in this body, unless it is the Sen-
atorfrom Rhode Island,on this side of the Cham-
ber. I do not converse with others about their
purposes; but I do not believe there has been en-
tertained on this side of the Chamber a purpose
to protract this debate one minute longer than
was necessary to give us a fair opportunity to
lay before our fellow-Senators the convictions of
our own minds on the important subject now be-
fore the Senate. Whenever we wasto an hour,
or a moment of the Senate's time in any idle pur-
pose of debate here, for display elsewhere, or use
this body as a conduit pipe, as the Senator from
Georgia chooses to call it, to spout out speeches
for the people, I will take my leave of this body
before I will ever disgrace it by any such pur-
pose.
I hope and trust that, having been physically
unable to attend here, my absence will not be im-
puted to any factious purpose, and that Senators
who hold the power in their hands will not now,
at half past four o'clock in the morning, entertain
a proposition to break up this Government by
absenting themselves from the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. It is a proposition that I never heard
made in this body before. I regret that it has
been made now, and especially made with the
view of placing this matter before the country. In
my judgment, the most acceptable way that the
Senate can place it before the country is to do its
business orderly, respectfully to each other, and
with a single regard to the interest and welfare of
our common country.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Senator
from Massachusetts proceeds, the Chair will ask
the Seiiatorfrom Louisiana to restate his motion.
We have been without a quorum for three quar-
ters of an hour, and all this debate has been irreg-
ular. The Chair has not arrested it, because it
seemed that the Senate might as well debate as
vote. The Chair will request the Senator from
Louisiana to restate his motion before the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts proceeds.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The motion I made was
for the purpose of meeting a point of order that
some gentleman was kind enough to spring upon
me, and I withdraw it now. I really do not ex-
actly remember what it was. [Laughter.]
Mr. KING. It was a proper motion to direct
the Sergeant-at-Arms to request the attendance of
Absentees.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw'the motion. I
do not want to send the Sergeant-at-Arms out un-
necessarily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nized the Senator from Massachusetts, and the
condition of affairs no w is that there is no quorum
present, and no motion before the body.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say a word or two.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think there is a quorum
in the Senate obviously now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is any
suggestion of that kind, the Chair will ascertain
whether there is a quorum.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think there is a quorum
in the room. I suggest that the pages step into
the ante-chamber, and call in Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are twenty-
eight Senators in the Chamber.
Mr. GREEN. And three in the passage, be-
hind the chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That makes thirty-
one.
Mr. FITCH. And there are two on the sofas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a quorum,
then, within the walls.
Mr. WILSON. I believe there is no motion
before the Senate. „
Mr. PXJGH. The appeal is before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. But no particular motion. I
move that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed until to-morrow, at half past twelve
o'clock, and on that motion I wish to say a word
or two. I desire to say to the Senator from Louis-
iana and the Senator from Georgia that if any bod y
here expects to make anything before the country
upon what has transpired here to-night, for or
against it, I think he will be mistaken. I am will-
ing to take my share of the responsibility of this
night. I am willing also to go to the country on
the question'before the Senate. What are the
facts of the case ? They are upon the record.
The Senator from Missouri gave a sacred pledge
to the Senate that we should have a full and fair
opportunity to discuss this measure. Well, sir,
eleven days have now been passed in its discus-
sion. Twelve speeches have been made for the
bill, eight speeches against it. I am informed
personally by Senators who desire to speak, that
there are fourteen who intend to speak—some of
them will make short speeches, and some of them
probably two-hour speeches—in opposition to the
bill; and lam told that there are three or four
Senators on the other side who intend to speak.
Now, sir, I want to say another thing. The
Senator from Missouri made an appeal to me to-
night in regard to his words to-day. I under-
stand the fact to be that there was a meeting this
morning—I speak legislatively—of the Demo-
cratic Senators.
Mr. GREEN. That is right.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Missouri
came to my seat this morning, and said to me
what he has stated, that he came as plenipoten-
tiary, and wanted to know what I desired. I said
to the Senator, as he will bear me witness, in
good faith and in the kindest spirit, that I thought,
from what we knew of the facts, we might close
in the middle of next week; he thought we could
not go beyond this week any way. I said to him,
then let the debate go on, and towards the close
of the week we can tell what to do.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. My only object is to ask the
Senator this one single question: whether I un-
dertook to dictate and demand anything of him ?
Mr. WILSON. I say very frankly, so far as
any conversation I had with the Senator this
morning is concerned, there was no dictation
whatever.
Mr. GREEN. That is true.
Mr. WILSON. On the contrary, the language
of the Senator towards me personally was of the
kindest nature; and I think he will bear testimony
that my answers were frank and kind.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I have no other feeling, I can
assure the Senator, towards him or any other
member of the Senate. Last Saturday the Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] came to my
seat and brought me the roll of the Senate, and
said he found the names of twenty-three Senators
there who, he thought, were going to speak, and
asked me whftt I knew about them ? I gave him
what information I had; and I came to the con-
clusion that altogether, for and against this bill,
there would be about twenty-one or twenty-two
speeches to make when we commenced this week.
I conversed with Senators in regard to it, and I
thought, as a matter of course, that at least this
week would be allowed for debate. The Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] has been lately
quite unwell; but he is as much entitled to be
heard as the Senator from Louisiana, who ad-
dressed us so ably the other day. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Dottglas] has been confined to
his room by sickness for several days. He told me
very frankly that he did not believe the condition
of his health was such as to allow him to speak
this week, but that he would try to be here and
speak on Monday, and he supposed the Senator
from Missouri would reply to him. He thought,
as there were so many speeches to be made, that
it would be fair to make an arrangement to close
the debate on Wednesday of next week. I think
the debate may be closed on Monday, or early on
Tuesday, and then the amendments will occupy
a brief time.
Mr. GREEN. Would that be fair to me?
Would it give me the same opportunity as the
Senator from Illinois ?
Mr. WILSON. I think so. Let me say to tho
Senator from Missouri, that I think his chances
are far better. Both he and the Senator from Illi-
nois have bad this matter in mind all this session;
they have studied it. One of them is here in the
vigor of health, and has watched the whole pro-
ceedings; the other has been confined to his bed
for days by sickness.
Mr. GREEN. He has been here to-night.
Mr. WILSON. He came here to-night at the
peril of his health; and any man who saw him,
any man who took his hand, perceived at once
that he was not in a fit condition to be here. He
said to me to-night, that he had not read a paper,
or examined anything, for days; that he had writ-
ten a letter this very day, and it had caused a re-
action. That Senator says he cannot come here
until Monday.
Supposing that this debate was to go on, be-
lieving from what was said on all sides that tho
Senate would adjourn about six o'clock in the
evening, we were surprised to find the Senator
from Missouri proposing, at half past four o'clock,
when the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Clark] got the floor, to take a recess until seven
o'clock. I thought, and others of us thought, it
was better not to take a recess,but to let the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire speak until six o'clock
and then ask for an adjournment. At six o'clock
we asked for an adjournment, but it was refused
for the reason, as I supposed, that the disposition
was to' let him finish his speech. The Senator's
colleague [Mr. Polk] stated that if the Senator
from New Hampshire would finish his speech he
thought it would then be fair to adjourn. The
Senator from Illinois went home with the under-
standing that when the Senator from New Hamp-
shire should close, the Senate would adjourn. We
so understood it; but when he closed, the Senate
refused to adjourn. Then the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] stated fully and distinctly what
we wanted—that we desired to have an opportu-
nity for consultation to-morrow to see when we
could close the debate. He said he believed we
could close it by Monday next, and I have not a
doubt about it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is one fact which
the Senator from Massachusetts forgets; and I will
merely mention it. The colleague of the Senator
from Maine, when appealed to, declared that he
would not bind himself personally not to go on
with this very action to-morrow night again.
Mr. WILSON. I think there was some mis-
understanding in regard to that matter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. None whatever.
Mr. WILSON. I have said to Senators on the
other side that we called a meeting of our friends
for eleven o 'clock to-morrow, with the expectation
that the counsels of the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] were to prevail, at which meeting
we are to take the matter into consideration. I
have no doubt we shall be able to come here unani-
mously, saying to you, as you are in great anxi-
ety to close this debate, that we will shorten our
remarks so as to close by Monday next. I have
no doubt we shall come to you with that arrange-
ment, in good faith, and there then need be noth-
ing but the kindest and best feelings between us.
I say now, to Senators in the majority, that I do
