mm
THE'CONGR'ESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
be presented to them for decision, and when they
are presented, they will he presented in such a
shape that they may readily decide them, and the
liead of each Department will be able to transact
its proper business. But if we commence now
with this system, it will go I fear to all the lengths
I have described, and we shall have the system
not only in the other Departments, the Interior,
the War, and the Navy, but we shall have assist-
ants to Comptrollers and to Auditors, and to the
heads of bureaus.
I hope we shall "adhere to the existing classifi-
cation. If the Attorney General finds that he has
too many clerks, let him reorganize his Depart-
ment by diminishing the corps, not by introducing
another class of clerkships, or, what is worse, two
assistants to enable him to discharge his duties.
Mr. GREEN. I have always believed that
" sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof," and
1 am not willing to look forward and anticipate
difficulties that do not now exist. I am in favor
of this amendment. It was well considered in
committee, was reported by the chairman, and, I
think, substantial reasons exist why it ought to
be adopted. It is unnecessary for us to travel over
the history of the country, and anticipate other
difficulties growing out of it. It is plain and sim-
ple in its form, and just adapted to the efficiency
of the office of Attorney Genera!. It does not in-
crease the expenditures a single cent; butitso ar-
ranges the business of the office as to make the
force more efficient for the discharge of the duties
incumbent upon the Attorney General. A mere
clerk for the performance of clerical duty in the
Attorney General's office is not all that is desired.
There is a very small poition of1 mere clerical duty
to be performed in that office; but there is a class
of duties to which a mere cleik is perfectly incom-
Eetent, and that is the preparation of briefs, the
unting up of law, the arrangement of cases, and
the preparing of opinions. One Attorney General
cannot possibly do this; but let him have such as-
sistance as he chooses to call around him, dis-
pensing with mere clerks, and taking men with
high legal attainments, such as in the arrangement
of this fund he can command, he will be enabled
to prepare better briefs, to better subserve the
wants of the Government, to give more logical
opinions on points of law submitted, to better pro-
tect the Departments who call upon him for his
opinions, and in all respects make his office more
efficient than it now is.
This does not cost one single cent; and it leaves
the head of that branch of the Government still
alone responsible, not dividing the responsibility
out between him and assistants. He calls his
own assistants around him; he selects those gen-
tlemen of legal attainments, who are prepared to
render him assistance in the office, still standing
himself responsible, without incurring a dollar
additional expense. Wherefore, then, should we
object to it, when it is presented to the Senate of
the United States? I see no reason whyitshould
not prevail.
More than that, while it dispenses with clerks
who are now supernumerary, who are incompe-
tent to the preparation of briefs and to the rendi-
tion of that service which an Attorney General
needs, it still leaves him a margin large enough
for the mere clerical force requisite in the Attor-
ney General's office. Heretofore those who have
been called clerks were required to perform this
duty; but they svere confined to a limited amount
of compensation, $1,600. For $1,600 you cannot
get a lawyer of abiltty to confine himself to the
Attorney Geneiai's office. For the examination
of claims and difficult points presented to htm for
]iis opinion, you must have a lawyer of expe-
rience, of ability, of learning, of extensive read-
ing. To do that, we propose to give the Attor-
ney General the option to dispense with a mere
clerk, and appoint a gentleman of a higher grade
of talent, of ability, and of learning. You do not
increase the cost; you do not add to the expend-
itures of the Government; and you improve the
efficiency of the office of the Attorney General,
and take from him a large class of labor, which,
if he must perform, he must neglect others, by
agreeing to this.
Mr. BAYARD. I can see no dilemma in this
case, except that which is presented by the as-
sumptions or the imagination of the honorable
Senator from Virginia; none exists in fact. There
is uo desire to take from the Attorney General— I
nor will the effect of this amendment be to take
from him—any responsibility belonging to his
office. We purpose not to create an additional
office, as in the case of the Assistant Secretary of
State, or Assistant Secretary ofthe Treasury, to
be appointed by the President. That would di-
vide the responsibility. We only desire to add
to the force in the Attorney Genesal's office, so
that he may be able to organize it in reference to
salaries, so that, the responsibility remaining with
him, he may be able to obtain men competent to
perform a character of labor which ordinary clerks
have not the competency to perform—that is all.
Where is the evil to grow out of it? The hon-
orable Senator, because he can find no objection
to the specific recommendation of the Judiciary
Committee, seeks to create one by saying that
others hereafter will do something wrong—that
something wrong will follow from that which is
right. That seems to me to be an inconsequential
argument. Because Congress now do that which
is sustainable on fair grounds, it is not to be pre-
sumed that they will hereafter fall into an abuse.
This has no connection at all with the subdivision
of the State Department or the Treasury Depart-
ment. There the Assistants are distinct officers,
with a particular responsibility and a particular
class of duties. Here the Attorney General is to
retain the entire control over his office, and to ob-
tain proper aid. As my friend from Missouri has
mentioned, he cannot get proper men at the com-
pensation of mere clerks. Nor are their duties
merely clerical; but they are truly denominated in
the amendment as assistant counsel. Instead of
six clerks, we propose to allow him to employ
two assistant counsel and two clerks.
I have spoken of the increased duties of the
Attorney General. Let me give you an illustra-
tion. By your own legislation, you require him
to revise the record of every land case decided in
California. Eight hundred of them came to him
in a single batch. Those records are long. He
has to revise the whole of them. They involve
questions of law; they involve a minute examina-
tion of facts. Can any one Attorney General do
that and perform his other duties, and also rep-
resent the United States properly in the contested
cases they have in the Supreme Court? Certainly
not; it is beyound human power of labor. Can he
delegate this function to a mere clerk? The clerk
has not competency to perform the duty. The
business has been got through with—and let me
say imperfectly—because, under peculiar circum •
stances, the chief clerk happened to be a man of
more ability than you could usually get in such a
sanation; but ultimately he resigned, because the
pay was inadequate. Without such a provision
as this, you leave the Attorney General in a po-
sition in which he cannot have the proper aid in
the performance of hi-s duties. 1 see no abuse that
can flow from it, unless you suppose that because
Congress do what is right in reorganizing this
office properly, so as to make it efficient, and leave
to the officer all the responsibility, but give him
the means of carrying his duties into effect, with-
out overburdening him, that course will hereafter
lead in other Departments to abuse. That is the
extent of the argument of the Senator from Vir-
ginia—that he fears abuses will arise from it.
They ought not to arise from any action pro-
posed by the Judiciary Committee in this amend-
ment; and if they ought not to arise, the rational
presumption is that they will not arise, although
such may be the imagination of the honorable
Senator from Virginia.
I trust that the amendment will be adopted, be-
cause I am satisfied—and 1 think I know quite as
much about the duties of that office as the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Finance — that
it is essential to the good conduct of the office,
and the efficient performance of its duties con-
sistently with any rational degree of labor imposed
upon the Attorney General, that the alteration
should be made. I trust the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Id esire to move an amend-
ment of a single word, which, I hope, will obvi-
ate the objection of the Senator from Virginia.
The objection appears to be based on the appre-
hension that these maybe considered offices, and
may become permanent offices of the Government.
I think if the word " appoint" were stricken out,
and the word " employ " used in its stfead, so as
to say that these two gentlemen are to fate em-
ployes of the Attorney General, and not appoint-
ed, as officers, it might obviate the Senator's ob-
jection. Then there can be no ground for regard-
ing this as a precedent. It will simply stand as
an authority to the Attorney General to employ
in his office two assistant counsel at $3,000 a year,
if he deems it advisable. Then there is no office
created.
Mr. HUNTER. My objection is not relieved
by the answer given by the Senator from Dela-
ware. He confesses that these assistants are to
do the very thing that I say the head of the De-
partment ought not to have deputies to do. They
are to examine cases for him. They are, as I
understand, to give opinions for him. It is be-
cause they are to do so, that he wishes a higher
class; and they are to be permanent officers. This
is not only for this session, but this is to be a per-
manent reorganization. I care not whether you
call them assistant counsel or assistant Attorneys
General, or what other appellation you may give
to them. It is evident that if is designed to con-
stitute two assistants to the Attorney General,
who are to relieve him from that portion of his
duties which he ought to discharge himself, or
else jt is an effort to create a higher class of clerk-
ships in that one Department. Do we not all
know, is it any extravagant supposition to say,
that when we commence it in one Department, the
example will be followed in the others? You will
always find some invaluable man in this or that
Department whose services must be secured, who
is not willing to take the salary of a common
clerk, who cannot be procured at such a salary.
Now, sir, I believe that^or the salaries which
are given to clerks, as theisalaries go to eighteen
hundred or two thousand dollars, the Attorney
General can get men who are competent to do all
that ought to be done by them; that is, to exam-
ing cases and to point him to authorities. I at
least know one man in that office who is quite ca-
pable of filling that place of assistant counsel, who
is quite able to do so from experience, from knowl-
edge, and from ability, and I have no doubt that
for the salaries which are commonly given to
clerks, they can get men who are fit to do that.
Beyond that, I am not willing to go. I am not
willing there either to establish a higher class of
clerkship, nor am I willing to allow him two as-
sistants who are to relieve him of his responsibil-
ities and his duties. Why, sir, already we pre-
sume that the Attorney General has less to do than
others, because he is allowed to take private prac-
tice in the courts.
Mr. BAYARD. He does not do it.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know what he does.
He is allowed to do it. I believe that most of the
Attorneys General, perhaps all of them, have done
it heretofore, and they have been allowed to do it,
because it was supposed by law the duties of the
office did not occupy the whole of their time. I
am not willing to relieve them from those duties
to which the Senator refers. It was designed that
these duties should be discharged by the man at
the head of the Department. I am willing to as-
sist him with clerks, who may look up authori-
ties; who may examine into facts; who may make
a brief of a case; but we all know that we can em-
ploy men of a very high character of intelligence
and of acquirement, for eighteen hundred or two
thousand dollars a year
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Delaware accept the verbal amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Louisiana?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir. The honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia has been speaking on a sub-
ject.of which he can have nopractical knowledge;
that is, as to the grade of men who would be com-
petent to perform the duties requisite in the At-
torney General's office for the efficiency of the
office. It may please the honorable Senator to
say that an Attorney General ought to do all these
himself; but I say, as a lawyer, that it would be
practically impossible, with the large increase of
duties thrown on him during the last sixoreight
years. Formerly the duties of his office did not
occupy the whole time of the Attorney General,
and a portion of it could be devoted to arguing
causes in the Supreme Court. His salary was
but $4,000 a year, lower than that of other Cabi-
net officers, and it was fixed at that because the
Government not needing his whole time, he was
allowed to take private practice. He has that
right still; there is no law forbidding it; but prac-
