1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tieally it is impossible for him from the increase
of his official labors; and if the honorable Senator
chooses to inquire he will find, that for at least
eight or ten years past, the Attorneys General of
the United States have been obliged to abandon
anything like attention to private business, and
to confine themselves to tlie duties of their office,
which have become so laborious and onerous that
it is difficult for a man to get through with them.
It is not very easy to procure the right kind of
assistants. Assistants are wanted to perform a
duty onerous to the chief officer: that is, the study
of cases, the extraction of principles, and refer-
ence to authorities; which requires a much higher
degree of legal knowledge than you can obtain for
$1,800 a year. Lord Itenyon was the case hunter
for Lord Erskine; and Lord Kenyon was one of
the ablest lawyers that ever flourished in Eng-
land. There are men of capacity who would take
a position like this at $3,000 a year—which would
do no more than furnish a reasonable subsistence
—who might have no talents as advocates, and
yet might be very able lawyers, who could per-
form this duty in a manner beneficial to the Gov-
ernment, and of real assistance to the Attorney
General. If you take mere clerks, what capacity
have they for such a duty?
Mr. Gillct, the late chief clerk, a good lawyer
though not perhaps a great advocate, performed
this duty under the late Attorney General, and
fora short lime under the present one; but he re-
signed because of the incompetency of the salary,
and because the labors he had to perform de-
stroyed his ability to attend to private practice.
The Attorney General would be overwhelmed if
he ulone had to perforrfi all these duties. He has
made inquiry, and he informs us that he has found
himself utterly unable to get any man, properly
qualified, to discharge the duties for which he ab-
solutely requires assistants, unless you allow him
to pay such a rate of compensation as will secure
men who can perform these subsidiary duties, he
being responsible for their performance. I con-
sider the objection ill-founded, and I hope the
amendment will prevail.
Mr. FOSTER called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have been unable to agree,
in committee or here, as to the propriety of this
proceeding. If it be true that the Attorney Gen-
eral needs an assistant such as there is in the
State and Treasury and PostOffice Departments,
create the office of Assistant Attorney General,
and let the officer be appointed by the President
and confirmed by the Senate. Unless you do
that, it seems to me you are creating the office in
a disguised form, I am a little astonished at the
idea of saying, in a provision like this, that the
Attorney General may employ assistant counsel
-—giving that name m order to avoid creating the
office, when, if such a man is wanted, the office
should be created. I object to the very form in
which the purpose is attempted to be disguised.
If we take the ordinary acceptation of terms, this
'proposition conveys the idea that the Attorney
General has got so difficult a case, So important
in itself, and so complicated in its charactcr, that
he should call in assistant counsel to advise him,
as is done by lawyers in private practice, and by
physicians in difficult and delicate cases. If it be
taken in that sense it is different from what is in-
tended. The intention is not to employ assistant
counsel when he needs them,but to obtain people
to assist him in doing his own duty. It is dis-
guised for the purpose of getting a higher order
of clerk to do duties which should be done by
the Attorney General. It seems to me to be an
oblique and disguised method of getting at it; and
if the true object in view is designed to be effected
you should in some open manner create the office
of Assistant Attorney General.
Mr. RAYARD. There is no semblance of dis-
guise unless K be in the imagination of the\honor-
able Senator from Vermont. We say fairly why
we want this done, and that we mean the respons-
ibility of the Attorney General to remain. His
suggestion is, that you ought to create a distinct
office to be appointed by the Presidentand Senate.
If you did that you would neccssariiy have to do-
fine by law the duties of that officer, and then the
Attorney General would not be responsible for the
performance of those duties. The object of this
proposition is to enable the Attorney General to
employ persons for this service, and to hold him
responsible for its performance. It is to provide for
a grade of service which you cannot get clerks to
perform,and to call themliy an appropriate name.
The Attorney General has now by law a right to
employ counsel and pay them, in particular cases,
outside of hisgeneral duties; butbecausehisduties
are too onerous we propose to authorize him to
employ a grade of men, designated in appropriate
terms, who can perform these duties properly.
That is all. Where is the disgrace about that?
We do not intend to create a new office; if we did
we should have to define its duties, and require
the officer to be appointed by the President and
Senate, thus destroying the responsibility of the
Attorney General, as you already do of the Sec-
retary of State or Secretary of the Treasury, by
the laws in regard to the Assistants in those De-
partments. I think that the duties of the Attorney
General's officc are of such a character that it is
absolutely necessary that those associated with
him in their performance should be under his con-
trol. I can see no proper objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER. As the gentleman seems
to be unwilling to acknowledge what appears to
me to be the true character of this proceeding,
namely, that it is a disguised proceeding:, I will
explain it a little more distinctly. The amendment
says that the Attorney General may employ as-
sistant counsel. Why call them by that name?
To avoid the creation of the office? and yet you
actually make it permanent. You will not create
the office directly; but you provide for the em-
ployment, and thus cheat the people and your-
selves. That is the disguise; that is the obliquity;
it is a designed obliquity. It provides for employ-
ing assistant counsel, so that it may be said you
have not created a new office. Then you have
disguised the proposition—for it is really meant
to be a new office. It is to obtain, under the name
of assistant counsel, a higher order of clerks, if
the gentleman pleases, with a higher order of pay.
That, I say, is a disguise. If you want a higher
order of clerks, with higher pay, say so directly,
in so many words, and do not attempt to evade it.
Besides, an assistant to the head of a Depart-
ment is an officer who should be appointed by the
President and approved by the Senate, under all
the proper sanctions of such appointments ac-
cording to the settled policy of this Government.
Formerly the Assistants were appointed by the
; heads ot the Departments. 1 know that the As-
: sistant Postmasters General were appointed by
' the head of the Post Office Department, and were
| removable at his pleasure; but five years ago that
I was altered, and th§ appointments were given to
the President, independent altogether of the head
of the Department. So it is with the Assistant
Secretary of State and Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury. It is the uniform habit of the Gov-
ernment now, in regard to such officers, to have
them appointed by the President and Senate. If
an assistant be needed in the Attorney General's
office, let him be appointed in the usual way, or
if the Attorney General really needs the assist-
ance of a higher class of clerks let usfsay so and j
provide them. |
Mr. BAYARD. I am sorry to take up so much i
time on this matter. I have no interest in it other,
than my perfect conviction in common with that
of a majority of the Committee on the Judiciary
that this is a proper reorganization, for the benefit
of the Government, of the force in the Attorney
General's office. There is no disguise, I repeat
again. The honorable Senator from Vermontmay
please to say it is intended. Intended by whom ?
I know not; but if he imputes intentional dis-
guise to mo, he asserts what he has no warrant
for asserting, and is not justified in asserting by
any usage I havn Known in committee or the Sen-
ate. I have no d.soosition on any subject to do
anything disguiseuly.
I say still it would be absurd to allow the Pres-
ident to appoint an independent officer in the office
of the Attorney General, because then you would
destroy his responsibility; and the confidential re-
lation that must exist for the purpose of common
! legal action between two associates connected with
' legal matters, would require that one should not
1 be appointed by an independentauthority. i have
noth ing to do with what was necessary in the case
of the Secretary of State, or Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or whether that policy was wise or not. If
you chtfos'e to make distinct officers there, and de-
fine the duties of those officers, you^toth^fc extent
remove the responsibility of the head of the De-
partment, and you appoint an officer under him
who may thwart him in the performance of his
duties,
You had better leave the Attorney General's
office as it is than attempt to relieve it in the n^ode
pointed out by the honorable Senatorfeom Ver-
mont. If you will not make a change, so, as Uy
give men requisite to perform the dimes, let the
Attorney General go on until he breaks down or
fails from the duties being too pnerous, because
that will be the result. You cannot get the grade,
of men for less than the amendment proposes to
pay. You may call them, if you please, clerks;
they are employes—that is the favorite term used
in the Senate. They are employes, and neces-
sary employes, in the office of the Attorney Gen-
eral.
There is no intention to disguise anything in
not calling them clerks. The reason of that is ap-
parent. You could not get that class of members
of the legal profession, who would be competent
to perform the duties, as clerks; because they have
something of a professional pride, and you must
pay some deference to the professional feeling m
that respect. You could not get the proper class
of men, if you were to employ them merely under
the name of clerk. There is no disguise and no
harm about it. The people of the country, when
they look at the provisions in your appropriation
bill, know that you are paying $3,009 a year for
two associate counsel. It appears on the face of
the bill that you are paying $3,000 to each, in or-
der to act as assistant counsel to the Attorney
General in the performance of his duties; and
there is no more disguise there, than if you said
we should employ two clerks at $3,000 each, and
two more clerks at $1,600 each. Where is the
difference? The difference is in the name; and
the object of changing the name arises from what
I say to you, that you cannot get, independent of
the question of compensation, that class of the
le^al profession who would be fit to render the
services in the manner they ought to be rendered,
if you choose to give thorn that designation.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Baymd, Benjnmm, Bigler, Bright,
Brown. Cluigman, Greon, Givm, I-Iarmnond, Iver-on,
Jones, Rice, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, Wright, and Yu-
lee—18
NAYS—Me^rs. Bell, Brodeiiok, Chandler, Clark, Clay,
Collamer, Ciiltcnd<*n, l)avi<, Di\on, l)oolm)e, Duikt^e,
Fe^enden, Fitzpatnck, Fool, Fo-ter, IJamlm, Hailan,
Hoi^ton, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson oTTeu
ne.ssee, Kennedy, King, Scwaid, Simmons, Stuait, Tium
bull, Wade, and Wilson—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES. Is-it in order for me now to move
to reconsider the vote by which a certain amend-
ment was made, so as to restore the bill to the
original shape in which that amendment found it?
Mr. HUNTER. The vote on the amendment
was taken on Thursday, and three days have since
elapsed.
Mr. JONES. Then I shall ask for a separate
vote on it when we come into the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon engrossing the amendments which have
been made, and reading the bill a third time.
Mr. JONES. Can 1 not have a vote on the
amendment to which I allude?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. JONES. In page 7, lines one hundred and
forty-three and one hundred and forty-four, an
amendment was made the other day striking out
the words,draughtsmen and clerks employed
upon the land maps." I want to restore those
words, so that the draughtsmen and clerks em-
ployed in the General Land Office, by thedirection
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives, shall
be continued in service. They are employed in
making maps of the land States which show, at a
single glance, the disposition that has been made
by Congress of the public lands; showing the lands
that have been granted for railroads, for canals,
for schools, &c. It is a very important matter,
and I hope the Senate will restore the item.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Chair decide that
the motion can be made ?
The VICE PRESIDENT, Not unless there
be some special reason which the Chair has not
heard.
