1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
are not property beyond those limits ; and that property in
hlnves is neither recognized nor protected by the Constitu-
tion ofthe United Staler, nor by international law."
In support of his views, the Senator stated,
that
" Down to the very moment when our independence was
won, slavery, by the statute laws of England, was the com-
mon law of the old thirteen colonies."
This statement seemed to me to be paradox-
ical. I did not know how statute law could make
common law. I understood the common law to
be the unwritten law which was evidenced by the
decisions of courts and by treaties on the subject
of law, and that there was a distinction between
statute and common law. But in order to show
that slavery existed by the common law in this
country, he referred to various statutes in Eng-
land and did show that persons had been held in
slavery, botn whites and blacks, in various parts
of Europe. I only wish to refer to the two cases
which he read, to show—I was about to say, the
fallacy, but 1 wish to use no harsh terms—of his
whole argument; they do not support the posi-
tion for which he quoted them. The two cases
upon which he commented at length are the Som-
mersett case, decided by Lord Mansfield, before
the Revolution, in 1771, and the case of the slave
Grace, decided some fifty years later, by Lord
Stowell. It was decided by Lord Mansfield in
the Sommersett case, that
" The state of slavery is of such a nature that it is inca-
pable of being introduced on any reasori^motal or political,
but only by positive buv, which preseives its force long after
the reasons, occasion, and time itself, from whence it was
created, is erased trom the memory; it is of a nature that
nothing can be buffered to cupport it but positive law."
Here was a decision as to how slavery existed.
It was of such a character that nothing could be
suffered to support it but positive law. This is
the highest evidence of what the common law of
England was at that day; and that decision has
' never been overturned. Lord Stowell's opinion,
delivered fifty years later, is not in conflict with it.
The case here was as to the condition of a per-
son who had been in England, but afterwards re-
turned to a colony where slavery existed. Lord
Stowell decided, that having gone voluntarily back
into a state of slavery, she could not, in that col-
ony, assert her freedom; but he did not decide
that she was a slave in England, although the
Senator read from a portion of the argument that
might leave that inference, or, rather, stated it in
his speech. His statement was this—to be accu-
rate, I wiil read what he said:
"I have already shown to you, by the passages I have
cited from the opinions of Lotd Stowell and of Judge Story,
Jnnv they regard this subject. They say that the slave who
goes to England, or goes to Massachusetts, from a slave
State, is still a slave ; that he i* still his master's property;
but that hib mastei has lost contiol over hun , not by reason
of the cessation of his property, but because tho^e States
grant no remedy to the master by which he can exercise his
control."
I say they decidcd no such thing. Lord Stowell
did not dccide that Grace was a slave in England.
He only decided upon her condition after she had
voluntarily gone back into a state of servitude.
To show Lord Stowell's views as to the condi-
tion of the person while m England-—and I have
already stated the point decided—I will read from
a portion of his opinion:
1,4 f obscive that, by the papers tiansmitted hy the Advo-
cate General to his Majesty's Secretaiy of State, this notion
of a right to freedom by virtue of a residence in England is
univeu-ally held out as a matter which is not to be denied;
but it is contested by the judge upon the ground that the
residence in England conveys only the character so desig-
nated during the time of that residence, and continues no
« Jongei than the period of such residence. Thepeison who
is a freeman in England, returns to slavery in Antigua ; that
is the whole question in'the causc; if to be decided in favor
of tin* female, she has a right to maintain this cause, and
to claim a judgment; but it', on the contrary, her freedom
ceascd with her residence in England, she has no right to
claim it, and, consequently, no power ot maintaining the
pioM'iit suit. The judge of the court below was perfectly
correct m entering into this geneial question, and required
no apology for so doing, for it is really the hinge upon which
the whole of this case depends."—2 Haggard's Reports,
p. 104.
Lord Stowell admitted the freedom of the slave
while in England. The hinge upon which the case
turned was whether she had a right to claim free,
dom after returning back into servitude. But, sir,
that slavery is the mere creature of local law, and
can exist only where the local law operates, has
been established by the highest tribunal m this
country. The very Supreme Court to which the
gentleman appeals, have settled this question, and
why eheuJd we new contend abvut it? In the case
of Pri<<g vs. the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
(and I read an extract from it which I have com-
pared with the text and foimd to be correct), it is
decided by tho court, upon which question there
was no disagreement between its members, that
" The state of slavery is deemed to be a mere municipal
regulation, founded upon and limited to the range of terri-
torial laws."
Here is a decision of the highest tribunal in the
land; the very one to which the gentleman ap-
peals to conclude us by extraneous' opinions not
involved in the case. 1 could read other author-
ities. The authorities are numerous in the slave
States themselves, where similar decisions have
been made. The courts in Kentucky have ex-
pressly so decided. But I need only read the opin-
ion of Lord Mansfield as to what the common law
was when our independence was achieved; and
the opinion of the Supreme Court of the United
States, delivered only a few years ago, to show
that slavery can only exist by virtue of positive
law, and is the creature of municipal regulation.
I am willing to leave this part of the matter with
these two decisions. They are conclusive, and
there is no escape from them.
The next proposition which is sought to be
maintained by those who contend for this extraor-
dinary doctrine that slavery extends into the Ter-
ritories without any law to create it, is that it goes
there by virtue of the Constitution; and this seems
to be the President's opinion. The clauses of the
Constitution upon this subject, and the only ones
which relate to it in any shape, are four. The first
is that which apportions representation, and in-
cludes as the basis,
" The whole number of free persons, including those
bound to service for a term of years, and excluding Indians
not taxed, and' three rifths of all other persons."
That clause is supposed to relate to slaves, un-
der the name of "all other persons," the Consti-
tution not using the word " slave." But it by no
means creates or makes slaves. Another clause
of the Constitution is:
"The migration orimportation of such persons as any of
the States now existing shall think propei to admit, shall
not be prohibited bythe Congress prior to the year 1808; but
a tax or duty may be imposed on such impoitation not ex-
ceeding ten dollars for each person."
It was contended the other day that under this
clause the Constitution of the United States es-
tablished slavery and carried it to the Territories.
Now, what is the Constitution of the United
States ? It is a compact made between the States
of the Union, establishing a government possess-
ing only those powers which have been surren-
dered to it. Because here is a clause denying
certain powers to the Congress of the United
States, denying their authority to prevent the
importation of a certain class of persons before
1808, it is therefore contended, strangely, as it
seems to me, that that clause establishes prop-
erty in those persons and creates slavery. The
Congress of the United States, before the expira-
tion of that period, possessed the power, under
the general grant of authority to regulate com-
merce, to prohibit the importation of slaves, and
did so in regard to the Territories of the United
States. Congress also possessed power to pro-
hibit their importation into any new States which
should be created; but as to the old States they
had not this authority down to 1808. Certainly
this is not the establishment of slavery by the
Constitution, but it is a limitation on the power
of Congress to prevent the importation of slaves
after a certain period. It was a refusal on the part
of the States to surrender to the Federal Govern-
ment the power which they had to import slaves
under their own law for a limited period, and
does not tend in the least to establish the propo-
sition that of itself it creates slavery.
Another clause of the Constitution is that re-
lating to the surrender of fugitives. That clause
reads as follows:
"No person held to service or labor in one State under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, m conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged fiom
such service, or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the patty to whom such service or labor may be due.*'
It will be observed that this is a provision for
the surrender of persons escaping from service,
who are held to service by virtue of a Statu law.
Gould there have been any necessity tor a pro-
vision to reclaim personsJield by virtue of a State
law, if the Constitution of the United States had
provided that they should be held to service by any
of its provisions? It is very clear that there ia
no provision for reclaiming a slave held by virtue
of the Constitution of the United States as the
President tells us slaves arc held in Kansas* Sup-
pose a fugitive escapes from Kansas, where sla-
very exists, according to the President, and gets
into the State of Iowa; his master comes for hiftt
and claims him: what must he show? Under
this clause of the Constitution, he must show that
he is held to service or labor in consequence of
some law or regulation in the State from which h*
escaped. This clause has no application to Ter-
, ritories; and if it did apply to Territories, still the
slave could not be reclaimed, unless it was shows
that he was held by virtue of a law or regulation
in the Territory or State whence he escaped.
The Supreme Court of the United States, in the
political part of their opinion, in discussing this
pretended right of aslaveholder to takehisslaves
into free territory, refer us to still another clause
of the Constitution. They say:
The rights of property are united with the rights of per-
son, and placed on the s>ame gtound, by the fifth amend-
ment to the Constitution, which provides that 4 no person
shall be deprived of life, liberty, and property, without due
process of law.1 And an act of Congress which deprives
a citizen of the United States of his liberty or property*
merely because he came himself or brought his property into
a paiticular territory of the United States, and who had
committed no offense against the laws, could hardly be dig-
nified with the name of due process of law."
Let us examine this clause, which is to be found,
I believe, in all the State constitutions, that no per-
son shall be deprived of his life, liberty, or prop-
erty, except by the judgmentof his peers or the law
of the land. If, under that provision, the impor-
tation of slaves into a Territory cannot be prohib-
ited, it follows, as a matter of course, that their
importation into any of the States cannot be pro-
hibited. The law against the slave trade would be
unconstitutional; for, if a citizen of any of the
slaveholding States, having a slave in Cuba, were
to bring him to the United States, you could not
deprive him of that slave, because it would be
depriving him, in the opinion of the Supreme
Court of the United States, of his right to prop-
erty, if that is the meaning of the Constitution.
What becomes of that provision in the Constitu-
tion which authorizes Congress, after the year
1808, to prohibit the importation of this class of
persons? The Constitution would be inconsistent
with itself if this were the meaning of the clause
quoted. What becomes of the law in the District
of Columbia—for there was a statute, passed here
m 1850—one of the compromise measures—declar-
ing that if any person brought a slave into this
District, for sale or with a view of placing him in a
depot, and afterwards removing him elsewhere to
be sold, the slave should become free? Did any-
bod}' suppose this act was a violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States ? They have had a
similar law in Virginia ever since it was a State.
Similar laws exist in Mississippi. It was part
of their constitution to prevent the bringing of
slaves into the State, except by persons who cam*
there to settle; and the courts of Virginia have
decided that a person born in Virginia, taken sub-
sequently into the State of Maryland, and after-
wards purchased and brought back into Virginia,
was thereby made free.
It is not a deprivation of the right to property to
declare that the introduction of a particular class
of persons or things, into a State or Territory*
shall operate as a forfeiture of the person or thing
imported; and this is what the Missouri compro-
mise amounted to, and nothing more. This is the
penalty for importing a forbidden article. We
pass laws forfeiting goods which are imported in
violation of our revenue laws. Apply this prin-
ciple to the act of 1820, to the territory lying
north of 36° 30'. At that time it was uninhab-
ited. No white persons, no slaves, lived there.
Had Congress then authority to pass a law pro--
hibiting the importation of slaves into that terri-
tory, and providing, as a penalty, that if they
were introduced they should be free ? It clearly
had, if it had any authority to pass the law pro-
hibiting the slave trade in the District of Colum-
bia, or if any of the States of the Union have
authority to pass laws prohibiting the importa-
tion of slaves. Many of the slaveholding States
have such provisions in their constitutions, and
many of them have laws against the importation
of negroes, and declaring them to be free when
imported in violation of such laws. It is a pen-
alty to prevent the importation of persons whom
