1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Green.
Senate.
not believe there is a man on this side of the Cham-
ber who desires to occupyany position of unkind-
ness towards the majority; and if they will ad-
journ and give us an opportunity for consultation,
they will be metin the proper sprirt. God knows
there is enough in the question at issue to excite
us, and to excite the country, without ouradopt-
ing a mode of carrying it that may lead to bitter
and unkind personal feelings which we shall all
regret, perhaps to the day of our death. I have
no desire to adopt any factious course here; it is
not in my nature. I am the last man who would
desire to cultivate unkind feelings to any one. I
am ardent, earnest, and impulsive in my feelings;
but I trust there is no bitterness in my heart.
Senators see now what they have before them.
We can sit here as long as they can. I can sit
here a month without leaving the Capitol. Give
me a crust of bread and a cup of cold water, and
I can live here. It only requires ten men to sit
in the Senate Chamber and hold you here for forty
days and forty nights. I do not say this by way
of threat; I do not wish to do anything of that
kind. I tlunk gentlemen in the majority ought to
yield to the reasonable request we have made—
adjourn the Senate, and let us meet at eleven
o'clock to-day, or rather to-morrow, speaking
legislatively. Let us see whether we cannot come
here with a proposition that will enable all to go
on harmoniously and kindly. I think this very
debate will be likely to shorten the speeches that
are to be made, and the matter can be closed be-
fore the sun goes down on Monday next. Al-
though we expect the decision to be against us in
this branch, we desire to see that decision effected
in a way which shall leave behind no pangs, no
unkind feelings, while we are members of this
body.
Mr, GREEN. The majority of the Senate have
no desire and no disposition to withdraw from the
Senate in a factious spirit, create revolution, and
leave the Government paralyzed, or to pursue a
tyrannical and unjust course towards the Opposi-
tion. They think they have rights; they know
there is a responsibility resting upon them; they
believe it to be their duty to meet that responsi-
bility so as to ans wer the j ust expectatio n s of the
country. If the opposite party will meet us in a
proper spirit, all this matter can be disposed of
without any difficulty; but it cannot be done other-
wise. It must not be expected, it ought not to be
expected, that the minority should dictate terms
to the majority.
Mr. DOOLITTLE and Mr. WILSON. We
do not ask it.
Mr. GREEN. Justice, equality, would simply
say, let us meet on a corresponding ground, and
with a corresponding spirit. If we yield a part,
they must yield a corresponding part. It was the
resolve of the friends of this measure, that the
vote should be taken at the furthest on Thursday.
I said to gentlemen on the opposite side—I said
it in the kindest spirit; I said it in no spirit of
dictation, as every one of them will bear me wit-
ness, notwithstanding what the Senator from
Pennsylvania stated; 1 said it with a view of elicit-
ing their opinion—that while my friends and the
friends of the measure desired this vote to be
taken at so early a period, yet give me your opin-
ions, and see if we cannot harmonize upon the
point. Every single one of them, without excep-
tion, said we cannot make any promise whatever;
we think this, and we think the other. As the
responsibility rested upon the majority, as the
public expectation of the country rested upon the
majority, it was to be expected that if they would
not meet us, we would demand that the question
should be taken at some reasonable time.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator consent to
adjourn and let us meet at eleven o'clock, and
come here at twelve, and say to gentlemen frankly
whatwecando? I havenodoubt—I speak what
1 believe—that we shall meet the Senator in the
kindest manner, and that then there will be no
difficulty about this matter hereafter.
Mr. GREEN. I answer that, if the Senator
will piomise me that the vote shall be taken this
week finally on the whole question, I will agree
to it.
Mr. WILSON. How can 1 make a promise
here before I have consulted with our friends?
What we want is an oppoitumtv lo consult, to
see what we can do. We want time to meet for
the very purpose of consultation.
Mr. GREEN. Have you not consulted ?
Mr. WILSON. We have not. Some of our
friends are not here ?
Mr. GREEN. Have you not been in consult-
ation ?
Mr. DIXON, Mr. WILSON, and others. No.
Mr. WILSON. We have called a meeting at
eleven o'clock for the very purpose of consulta-
tion. It is the most extraordinary position I ever
witnessed in this body, to say the least, that a
large ftumber of members asking for a little time
for purposes of consultation, cannot be trusted
as men disposed to do an honorable, manly, and
fair thing!
Mr. GREEN. Well, sir 
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator from
Missouri permit me ?
Mr. GREEN. I cannot.
Mr. BRODERICK. Then I will wait until you
get through.
Mr. GREEN. Of course you will; because I
have the floor, and you cannot get it until I do get
through.
Mr. BRODERICK. Oh, I do not want it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri wi11 be good enough to address the Chair.
Mr. GREEN. I will. I yielded to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts because he put a pertinent
question. I answered it in a pertinent manner.
It is now developed that they have never yet, and
when I say they I mean those on the opposite side,
honorable Senators who differ with us on this
question, they have never yet agreed as to when
tliey will take this question, and I therefore feel
more than justified for every remark I made to-
night. They have never agreed even that the
vote shall be taken on Monday, or Tuesday, or
Wednesday next, or any other day in the next
week. I appeal to the majority of the Senate, are
we to be perpetually put off' with promises, made
in good faith—for I will not impute bad faith to
any man until that faith has been falsified—I can-
not do it; it is not in my heart and nature; but in
the absence of any ccrtain evidence that we shall
have a vote upon this question, what is the use
of postponing its consideration? I know that a
promise made from the other side in good faith, I
can rely upon as much as I can upon the word of
my own wife, which is as sacred as anything that
God has ever given to man; but until I get that
assurance, what are we to expect? While this
vague talk is going on we have nothing to rely
upon. Just give me the assurance ana let me
know what you intend to do, and we shall be pre-
pared to meet you.
Mr. 1VERS0N. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Missouri yield to the Senator from Georgia ?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. On the suggestion thrown out
by the Senator from Missouri I wish to make a
proposition. I was one of those who left here last
night about eleven o'clock, when I saw there was
no chance of doing anything, because our friends
on this side and the other were disposed to fritter
away time in mere idle debate on questions of
order. I felt unwell, and left. I have been sent
for, and am here. It seems to me that our friends
on this side are not acting with a generous spirit
of forbearance towards the Opposition. I think
we ought to have adjourned last night at ten
o'clock, when the proposition was made to give
them an opportunity to consult together this
morning, and decide what they would do. Our
friends met in caucus, as is well understood,and
determined that we would sit out the question
last night, unless the Opposition came to terms.
That suggestion was made to them; but what op-
portunity have thoy had to consult together, for
the purpose of deciding what terms they would
submit to us ? We say to them, " we will sit it
out until you come to terms;" and yet we give
them no chance to come to terms. I do not think
that is fair. I believe we ought to have adjourned
' last night, and given them an opportunity to con-
| suit, and sec whether they are disposed to act
' fairly or factiously m this body.
; That was my opinion last night; and now I
I think it is due to them, and due to the country,
1 and due to ourselves, in a spirit of magnanimity
.and propriety, that we should adjourn at this
time, and allow the Opposition to have an oppor-
tunity this morning of consulting together, and
earning to a determination as to what they shall
do. The whole matter can be arranged, if the
Opposition are disposed to act properly, as I trust
they are, by a committee appointed by the two
sides. Let the Democratic Senators meet in cau-
cus, and appoint a committee for consultation.
Let the other side meet and appoint a committee
to meet our committee. In this way, the whole
matter can be arranged, if gentlemen are really
sincere when they say that they desire to bring
this question to a close, and ao not want any
unnecessary consumption of time.
How can we force the Opposition to come to a
decision in this case? The proceedings of last
night show us how easily they may defeat us from
night to night, and from day to day, and from
week to week, if they choose. My colleague
talks about adopting the previous question; but
would not that be delayed as long as this main
question ? Suppose a resolution were introduced
here to adopt the previous question; that could be
put off for a month, if the Opposition were dis-
posed to interpose dilatory motions and dilatory
action. We shall no more adopt the previous
question, or any other thing designed to bring the
vote, sooner than we can vote on the bill itself.
It is folly, in my opinion, to talk about adopting
the previous question if the minority are disposed
to fight that, and I suppose they would fight that
as much as they fight this bill. My views being
what I have stated, I shall, as soon as the Sena-
tor from Missouri gets through, if I can obtain
the floor, move an adjournment.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Georgia is
a little mistaken about his notions of propriety,
ltwas distinctly announced by myself and others
on my side of this question, that, if the other
side would permit the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] to proceed with and conclude
his speech, we should then adjourn without an-
other question. I announced it myself with the
assent of my friends on this side of the Chamber.
It was repudiated; and the other side determined
to adjourn anyhow. The majority had no right
to yield to the course dictated by the minority;
aiid I think, therefore, with due deference to the
Senator from Georgia, that we did right in stand-
ing out, and waiting for the conclusion of that
speech, which was not finished until twelve
o'clock.
Now, sir, being temporarily charged with the
conduct of this matter, 1 present it only as the
agent of the friends of the measure. I do it in no
dictatorial spirit. I seek not to domineer over
any man's opinions. I concede to all the right to
think, to speak, to vote, to decide for themselves;
i but it must be conceded that there is a responsi-
! bility resting on the majority that we must take
' such steps as we deem proper to meet that respons-
ibility so as to correspond with the just expect-
ation of the public mind. This has been our
whole hope, our whole desire, and our whole end.
What the ultimate result may be I cannot antici-
pate, I need not anticipate. No hardship will be
done to anybody; but, until we come to some
definite terms, it must from necessity result in a
matter of endurance, and it may as well come on
now as any other time. If we can have terms,
resting on the honor and the word of gentlemen,
I am willing to receive them, and rely upon them,
for 1 have never yet had occasion to doubt their
word or their honor; but until I get their word
or their honor pledged in this manner, I see, no
reason for a postponement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would state to the Sen-
ator that we have offered him repeatedly our word
of honor that, if the majority will adjourn, we
will do the best we can to fix as early a day as
we possibly can when this question may be taken.
Mr. GREEN. That is not satisfactory to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. GREEN. The word is, as early a day as
they can. There is nothing definite. They may
report to us trv-morrow that the earliest day they
can agree to is the 1st of May, or the 1st of June,
or the 1st of July. That will not do for me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When I say that, I mean
it in good faith. If I should propose the 1st
day of May, oi June, or July, I ask the Senator
