w
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a_ committee was appointed to go to the principal
cities and investigate the truth or falsehood of the
allegations made on this subject, for the protection
of the honest American importing merchant, and
as a means of affording information on which
these abuses could be corrected. The Senate saw
proper to appoint me—certainly I had nothing to
do with it—as one member of that committee. I
was deputed, by a sub-committee of that com-
mittee j to go to New Orleans. I did go there, and
gave as much time to the investigation of the sub-
ject as I could. I found the fact there to be, that
some men, who were reputed to be honest, en-
gaged in the foreign trade, had been driven from
it by the grossness of the frauds practiced by the
importers in that city. By comparing notes with
gentlemen who went to other cities", I was in-
formed of, and I believe I have the papers yet in
iny possession showing, enormous frauds of a
similar description. I ascertained that a very
extraordinary state of things existed in New
York, and that it became its interest, or was sup-
posed to be its interest, to encourage the frauds
that were practice# on the custom-house in that
city, for the purpose of concentrating the foreign
trade of the country there. I found the astonish-
ing fact to exist, that some few of the honest im-
porting merchants of New Orleans continued in
the trade who were unwilling to make the sacri-
fice of personal honor and character by making I
importations under circumstances which would !
justify them in fair and honorable competition, i
and they found it cheaper and more reconcilable '
to their conscience to import their goods into New
York, have them valued there, and then reshipped
to New Orleans, at the additional cost of trans-
portation and insurance and commissions to New
York, rather than import them into the city of
New Orleans directly, where they would have to
give a statement of the true invoice priceabroad.
Even such a fact as that came within my knowl-
edge by the statements of others, but it had no
effect here.
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island
thinks that, at all events, we ought to have a
pledge that such gross enormity, such a slur, such
a stain on the national honor, or, at least, on the
character of our importing merchants, ought to
be wiped out. He thinks that something of that
kind ought to be provided for by this bill. I do
not think it would be very incongruous; but [
do not suppose it is practicable to have such a
thing effected under the present state of the senti- i
mcnt which exists on this subject. I shall not, 1
theiefore, offer any such proposition. I have no
hope, no expectation, that any such effort will
be made, because^ I have seen attempts to make
this correction before; I have seen too many ses-
sions pass without any attention being given to
it on the part of those who had the power in
rpu ^en.a^c an^ Executive Department-
Then, sir, I cannot, on any ground that has been
alleged here, vote with the honorable Senator
from Kentucky for this bill as it stands, and 1 will
not. I think no sufficient pretext has been urged
why we should give authority to issue the en-
tire $20,000,000. I am willing to vote whatever
amount is supposed to be necessary at the pres-
ent moment to answer the present exigency. It
is said by the honorable Senator from Virginia
that we must have six or eight million dollars to
rnake our payments in January. Give it. And
he wants this bill passed to-day, or to-morrow.
Pass it for that sum to-day, or to-morrow if you
please. I will vote for it this moment. Or, if
you choose to say that $10,000,000 may be re-
quired in January, let it be $10,000,000.
As for the argument that we ought to have a
surplus ill the Treasury, t admit, as a general
rule, and as a measure of general policy, it is
proper; but we can suffer one or two months to
elapse before we resort to keeping that much
IcrnnSSnnn ,the Treasury- I" regard to the
$6,000,000 kept for the use of the Mint, accord-
ing to our policy, we can wait a month or two
before we return that to the Mint What I mean
to say is, let us pass what is necessary for the ;
present moment. We cannot wait another week; I
we cannot wait two weeks before we ought to i
have the means of paying the debts of the Got- !
prnm6!^' ^ Jma)r be demanded of the Gov- :
ernment within the present month. Let us vote I
it at once, freely; but let us keep a hold on the i
Government for the benefit of the country, not j
December 18,
for ourselves. Let us keep some hold on the
Government until we can see whether they mean
to make any permanent change for deriving the
revenue legitimately and safely for the country.
Then, when they come m the middle or end of
the month of January, for example, and say,
" those $8,000,000 or $10,000,000 you have given
are about to be exhausted; we want authority to
issue^$20,000,000, or any other amount in addi-
tion," we may have more time to consider the
subject. I do not object so much to the amount
as to the avoidance of responsibility for doing
that for the= permanent relief and benefit of the
country which they ought to do now.
I think wc ought to limit them to the amount
they now need. If they say it is necessary to
have $10,000,000, I will vote it at four and a
half, or six, or seven per cent., or whatever rate
may be necessary. But I do not wish the Govern-
ment to escape from the necessity of applying
again to Congress during the present session,
when the necessity will not be so exigent or so
pressing, but that a few days may be allowed to
provide for the correction of the abuse to which I
have ciljuded, if nothing further, so that we may
extend that protection to the domestic interests of
this country which the law now prescribes, by
collecting duties honestly and fairly; and protect
the character and employment of the Ameiiean
importer against the fraudulent conduct of foreign
manufacturers, and the agents and brokers of
foreign houses.
I cannot vote for this bill as it now stands, and
for the simple reason I have stated. 1 do not
deny that this is a proper means to support the
Government. It has been resorted to heretofore
We should resort to it with caution; but we are
sufficiently advised that there is a necessity for
something to be done at present. We have a
knowledge of the causes which have led to this
state of affairs, in sonve part. Let us go now to
the extent that is necessary, and no further; and
when they want more, let us apply some remedy
that will provide effectually for a sufficient supply
to the Treasury of the means of carrying on the
Government—not by Treasury notes or bills of
credit, but by a revenue derived in the ordinary
way, by duties, or direct taxes, if you please.
Let us know how it is to be raised
I shall not detain the Senate longer. I meant
merely to express the grounds on which I could
not give my vote for the issue of $20,000,000 of
iieasury notes now, though I may go even fur-
tnei, if it be found to be necessary, hereafter,
but now, m this hurried manner, when we have
no opportunity of attaching any provision to this
bill that might be constitutionally in our power,
to produce some permanent relief to the country,
i want to go no further than do just what is ex-
pedient at the present moment; and when the
Administration come to make an application for
more, let them come under circumstances which
W1''rcn^7 'o devote more time to the subject.
_ Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be with the
understanding that to-morrow we shall finish the
bill. ["Certainly."]
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 18, 1857.
Prayer
T^e House met at twelve o'clock, m.
by Rev. P. S went zei,.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
APPOINTMENT OF A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced as the committee
under the resolution of the House of Wednesday
last to provide accommodations in the new Hall 1
for the press generally, as well as other accommo-
dations that may be necessary, Messrs Faulk-
UND'En°vooD°f termessee' Harlax, and
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury
transmuting an account of the receipts and ex-
penditures for the fiscal year ending 30th of June,
, ' which was laid upon the table and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of State trans-
mitting extracts from a letter of John C. Puves
and other letters, on the subject of an appropria-
tion for the purchase of five hundred copies of the
stereotyped edition of the Diplomatic Correspond-
ence; which, was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Also, the report of the late Clerk of the House
of Representatives, of his disbursement of the
contingent fund of the House of Repiesentativcs
during the last year.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, 1 move the
reference of that report to the Committee on
Accounts, with the following resolution, which
I think is germane to its subject-matter:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts he instructed
to examine tile stationery provided for tile urf of meinbeis
of the House, to report as to its re.il value, and also wlia' it
has cost, and to make such recommendations as may be
proper m the premises.
Mr. Speaker, I beg leave to say—and I think
that the experience of other gentlemen will bear
me out in the remark—that the stationery pro-
vided at the beginning of the last Congress I
found to be very inferior in quality, and that, on
complaining to the Postmaster, he said that it
was purchased by the Clerk of the House, and
he was obliged to receive it. The result was that,
during the last session, I had to go down into the
city and obtain such stationery as I was in the
habit of using. At the present session, I went
into the House post office to get some things,
and I found them altogether inferior to what l?«s
been furnished to members of Congress in former
times.
But what I desire to know is this; If the sta-
tionery is a cheap article, and any money is to
be saved to the Government thereby, I have no
objection to it. I am perfectly willing, as the
times are a little hard, that we members "shall feel
it. If, on the other hand, the price paid is such
as used to be paid, then there is a great mistake
somewhere or other. I do not know whether it
is the fault of the Clerk, or whether these articles
have risen in the market or not. I think it is
worth while to make the investigation.
I have been induced to do this, in part, because
at an early period of the session charges of a
serious character were made against individuals
concerning their investments of the public money
i <J° not sfy t!?at there is any truth in them, but
do say that, if there is no law now to prevent
these things, there ought to be an efficient one
provided. I say that, if any officer of tins House
is in combination with outsiders to manage in that
way to get money improperly—buying articles at
a low rate and charging the Government a hi<*h
rate—it ought to be a penitentiary offense. ° I
hope, therefore, that the Committee on Accounts,
or some other, will look into it. It may be that
great injustice is done to the Clerk in these pub-
lications to which I have referred. I make no
allegation that they are true or not, but I am sat-
isfied that the present stationery is not such as
we have been in the habit of using. Therefore
it is worthy of the consideration of the House!
and I hope that we will have such a law as will
prevent any officer of the House, in future, doing
'°f of this kind, (supposing the charges to
be tiue,) unless at the risk of a location in the
penitentiary for a reasonable period of time'
lhjs matter has got to be a crying evil. I know
nothing against the conduct of the late Clerk He
may be a very meritorious and exemplary''man.
^eds investigation, and I hope this
committee will look into it at once.
i thf p' H0^ST0N- Mr- Speaker, I think that
I H,,h T f 0,1 Accounts> if 1 understand the
Win « tv. 7  iaVe '° perform> have as much to
1 it'll examination, as they can very
! well get along with. If ,he gentleman desires
i.n investigation of the character to which he has
alluded, it ought to be done through the instru-
mentality of a select committee, appointed to look
i to tnat matter and nothing else. I do not
Know what has been the custom when one Clerk
goes out and another comes in. I do not know
whether inventories properly left bv an out-
bOing clerk are taken by an incoming one. If
such a course has not been pursued heretofore
it ought to be pursued now, and a law should be
enacted requiring a thorough and rigid examina-
tion into the condition of the Clerk's office when
& new Clerk comes in.
