1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
um
in the North, would occupy an honorable position
in society.
That,ho*vevcr,isa matterwith which wedo not
propose to interfere. Our only object is toprevent
the extension of slavery among the people of the
new Territories. We find that emigrants from
the southern States, of moderate means,who have
come into our northwestern States where slavery
did not exist, have been as much opposed to in- i
traducing it as emigrants from other portions of j
the country. A large portion of the State of Il-
linois is settled bv persons frcmi the slaveholding
States. Nearly all the early settlers were from
Kentucky and Tennessee, and North Carolina,
persons not of large wealth, gaining their liveli- ,
hood by their own labor, and the great mass of \
that population is as much opposed to slavery as ;
the emigrants from New England. Such would
be their condition at home if it were not an exist-
ing institution. Now, sir, when Congress comes
to form a government for a people which is to
last only until that people becomes numerous
enough to establish one for itself, is there any-
thing wrong in excluding slavery from among
them ?
When the Missouri compromise was repealed,
and strife arose as to what should be the future
condition of Kansas, those of us who opposed that
repeal were anxious that the inhabitants them-
selves should make it a free State. People went
. to,the Territory from the North who did not de-
sire the existenceof slaveryamongthem; persons
came from the South who owned slaves and de-
sired their introduction. Hence arose strife and
contentions. The history of those difficulties has
been given here to-day. I will not take up the time
of the Senate by detailing it again at any length.
X wish merely to say that it has been a history of
usurpation from the beginning. The territorial
government was usurped in the first instance, and
that usurpation has continued, and the people have
been wrongly blamed for not voting, and not tak-
ing the government out of the hands of the usurp-
ers, when they were utterly powerless to do so
while the usurpation was upheld by the Federal
Government and Federal troops. The whole dif-
ficulty existed in the original usurpation. Men
having once gut into power, and having the whole
control of the government, and then having the
Federal Government to back them,had the ability
to perpetuate their power, if they were unscrupu-
lous enough and dishonest enough to do it. How
they have done it has been shown to-dayAs an
illustration of the condition of things in Kansas,
I will refer to one case.
A young gentleman, by the name of Phillips,
went to Kansas as a settler, at an early day. I
knew him some six or eight years ago, in the State
of Illinois, when he was studying law. Ho was a
modest, unassuming, unobtrusive young man.
He went to Kansas as early as 1854. In the fall
of that year I met him upon the Mississippi river
traveling on a steamboat; learned from him that
lie had settled in Kansas, at Leavenworth, and
was going to .make it his home. Knowing that
fact,conversation sprang up Between us in regard
to the repeal of the Missouri compromise. The
difficulties had not thok commenced; I ascer-
tained that he was in favor of the Kansas-Ne-
. braska act. He took the ground which was com-
raon to persons in the northern. States who advo- ,
catcd the measure at that time, that the people of,
the Territory ought to have the'H'ight to settle the
slavery question for themselves. He said that he |
was opposed to slavery; that there was no dan- .
ger of Kansas being made a slave State; but that
the people there wanted to settle that matter for [
themselves; they did not want Congress to settle ,
it for them; they would take care of it. I remon- j
strated with him, and sSid to him, " if you are op- [
posed to slavery, and if the people of Kansas are
opposed to the introduction of slavery, why are I
you not willing to let well enough alone? The !
law of Congress excluded it, and why do you
want to do it yourself? Why not allow it to be
excluded by virtue of the act of Congress ? Be-
cause you'have power, it is not always wise or
advisable to exercise it." X referred him to the
language of a celebrated orator in the English Par-
liament, who, replying to the argument that, be-
cause England had the right to tax America, there-
fore she ought to tax America, illustrated its
absurdity by relating the story of the man who
insisted on shearing a wolf because he had the
right to shear the wolf. When remonstrated with
as to the impropriety and danger of undertaking
to shear the wolf, he insisted that man had do-
minion over the beasts of the field; that he had a
right to shear the wolf, and therefore he would I
shear the wolf. [Laughter.] It was so, I re- I
marked to him, with the people of Xiansas. They i
insisted upon exercising the right of excluding
slavery themselves, without considering the dan- j
gers and the difficulties that would arise from its
exercise. However, I was unable to satisfy him.
The next I heard of Mr. Phillips was shortly
after the election of March 30 following. He re-
sided at Leavenworth; and being a believer in the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, and the right of the people
to regulate their own affairs, and to exclude sla-
very for themselves, he was very much aston-
ished when the Missourians came over and car-
ried the election, and drove him and his friends
from the polls. He immediately made an affidavit
of the facts, went to Governor Reeder, who very
properly set the election aside, and ordered a new
elections-.
Phillips, from that day, was a marked man.
He was seized upon directly after this by a mob,
taken across the river, his head shaved and he
blacked, setup at auction, sold by a negro as a ne-
gro, and other indignities heaped upon him. He
continued to reside at Leavenworth, and was
joined there by a brother, X think. During the
reign of Governor Shannon, when military com-
panies were parading that Territory and expelling
free-State settlers under the pretense of searching
for arms, a company assembled about the house
ofPhiilips, and demanded entrance. Phillips hav-
ing once fallen into the hands of these men, and
been treated with all sorts of indignities, did not
care to surrender himself up a second time. He
refused to open his doors. The company de-
manded entrance, and commenced forcing the
doors. He defended himself as best he could, kill-
ing two of the assailants, and fell himself, pierced,
I believe, by a dozen balls. That was the kind of
government they had in Kansas. His wife was
taken from Leavenworth, and the last I heard of
her, she was in the lunatic asylum at Jackson-
ville, in the State of Illinois.
Who do you suppose commanded that military
company? Captain Emery, who was subse-
quently indicted for this killing—indicted even by
a grand jury, while the usurpers had authority in
Kansas; and while laboring under that indictment
for the murder of Phillips, he was appointed by
the President of the United States to a land office,
which, I understand, he now holds. A nolle pros-
equi was entered on the indictment, I believe, as
was generally done throughout the Territory,
duringGovernorGeary'stime. Emery was never
brought to trial. He had no process authorizing
him to enter the house of Phillips—no sort of au-
thority.
This one case is an illustration of the condition
of things in Kansas, under the despotism which
has prevailed there from the day of the organiza-
tion of the territorial government down to 1357,
or, I may say, down to the meeting of her last
Legislature.
Governor Walker went to that Territory and
blamed the people for not voting; for notgoing to
the elections and taking the control of the gov-
ernment; taking it out of the hands of these men.
The President of the United States blames them.
He says they ought to have been registered and
voted. What chance would the people have of
carrying an election ? The quantity of fraud, the
number of votes returned was measured by the
quantity and the number necessary to win. The
people knew that it mattered not whether they
1 polled five hundred or five thousand votes; the
! ieturns would be against them. Governor Walker
' told them that that should not be so, and urged
i' upon them to vote, and he so far prevailed as^to
induce them to vote at the October election in 1857:
and what was the result? Do you say they suc-
ceeded? No, sir; they did not succeed by the
! returns. They did not succeed by what they did;
! but providentially, as it were, Governor Walker,
! to their utter astonishment, stepped m to their
relief. Their all was risked upon him, because,
had he carried out the frauds and iniquities of the
returning officers, and counted the votes they re-
turned, the same usurpers would have perpetu-
ated their power. He threw out the Oxfoid votes
and some others, and by that means the contioi
of the Legislature was given to the real citizens
of Kansas; but such a storm of indignation did
that raise that his life was threatened, and pro-
vision was made that a rejection of fraudulent
votes should not happen a second time. The
usurpers then went on, under their convention,
which had been previously called, to form a State
constitution, and provided, through its machin-
ery, to take the canvassing of the votes out of the
hands of Governor Walker, and hold the con-
ducting of future elections, and their returns, in
their own hands. They intended, for the future,
to provide against an honest count of votes. Al-
though it so happened that the free-State men goi
the control of the Legislature, by the vote in Oc-
tober, yet it was an accidental circumstance. The
frauds were sufficient to have defeated them if al-
lowed.
I say that the people of Kansas are not to be
blamed for not going to these elections. The
registry law, fair enough on its face, was to be
executed in such a way as to retain control in the
hands of the usurpers. They appointed all the
officers to execute it; and it is a notorious fact that
they not only left out whole counties and districts
of country in the registry, but I am told, and I
have no doubt of the fact, that thousands of name3
were put on that list of persons who did not live
in Kansas at all. Nine thousand persons were
registered as voters, but these were not real citi-
zens of Kansas. I do not suppose one fourth of
them were citizens of Ifansas. These names were
registered to be used for ulterior purposes, while
thousands of citizens known to the officers taking
the registry were not put on the list. As part of
this system inaugurated in 1855, and continued by
heaping fraud on fraud, a constitution has been
framed, and admission into the Union asked.
Whoasksit? Is it the people of Iiansas? Ideny
it. There is no evidence that the people of Itan-
sas ask to be admitted under this constitution.
There is evidence that they do not.
That matter has been so fully and so clearly
presented this morning by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that I should hardly be pardoned forgoing
over the facts again. They show a concerted
i scheme of the usurpers to keep the control in their
I own hands. They have taken the appointment
I of the judges of election, and the coun ting of the
j votes, out of the hands of the territorial officers,
i and placed the whole thing in the hands of men
! selected by themselves; and we do not know to-
ll day the result of the election held on the 4th of
January last. I do not suppose we shall know
li until after this bill is acted upon. I apprehend
i' we shall know very soon if Kansas be admitted
'' into the Union under tiiisLecompton constitution,
i; Mr. SEWARD. But if it is not, what then ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not, I presume we
j' shall never know. There will then be no occa-
!j sion to commit fraud; and men without a motive
I ' are not likely to commit great crimes.
This constitution is sought to be maintained
on the ground of legitimacy—the old doctrine set
up by monarchs, who claim to have been born to
rule, to trample upon the rights of other people.
We deny this legitimacy entirely; but if it were
all true, still it would not alter the case. Congress
may ad mit Kansas as a State. _ It has a discretion
on the subject. It may admit a State under a
constitution formed without authority, but there
is no legitimacy in the proceedings here. The
Territorial Legislature clearly had no authoiuy
to call a convention. The ICausas-NebrasKa act
is not an enabling act. Itisanactfor the organi-
zation of a territoral government, and did not
authorize that territorial government to destroy
itself. Although the Legislature thought proper
, to call a convention, and delegates were elected
! by those who thought proper to vote, their pro-
| ceedings would have no legitimacy about them,
: even if the Legislature had been valid. It would
| simply not be illegal, and it might be the means
j of satisfying Congress that the people desired to
I come into the Union, and that this constitution
I expressed their wishes, and was the government
j of their choice. We have ascertained, however,
'• by the votes taken in January last, that the people
! are opposed to this constitution. A legal, orderly
election has been held since it is said a part of
the constitution was voted on by the people on
the 21st of December. It matters not, so far as
we ate concerned, when the election upon the con-
stitution was held. That election is a maiufesta-
