1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ff
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to say a word.
Mr. SEWARD. Is the resolution in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is.
Mr. SEWARD. Has it not reference to the ex-
penditures of the last session under the Clerk ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina, is to refer the report to the
Committee on Accounts, with instructions.
Mr. SEWARD. It is an investigation about
money already expended.
The SPEAKER. The resolution contemplates
money already spent.
Mr. SEWARD. What action does the House
propose under the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is not for the Chair to say.
The gentleman from North Carolina proposes to
refer the subject to the Committee on Accounts,
with instructions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the permission of my
friend, I will answer his question by saying tlmt
I was informed that the late Clerk had made the
purchases for the incoming year. If that be true,
it is important for us to ascertain whether they
have been made properly and judiciously. If he
has acted in the wrong, there ought to be a remedy
provided; and if in the right, we, of course, must
submit. So far as the suggestion of the gentleman
from Alabama is concerned, if he thinks proper
to move the raising of a select committee, I shall
make no objection to it. It struck me, however,
that the Committee on Accounts would properly
look into this subject. If anybody moves for a
select committee, I hope that the committee will
also be instructed to look into the book business,
of which we have heard so much. If that is done,
I shall vote for the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not propose myself to
move for the appointment of a select committee,
but as the gentleman from North Carolina has
moved in this matter, it seems to me that it de-
volves upon him, to some extent, to do so. I
only proposed, when I rose, to second the in-
vestigation which he seemed to believe ought to
be made, and in which opinion I concur with him
most heartily, and to add a few suggestions to
those which he has submitted to our considera-
tion.
We cannot be ignorant of the fact, Mr. Speaker,
that grave charges have been made against the
outgoing Clerk of this House, in connection with
the administration of the duties of his office; and
that being so, it seems to me that the committee
that is to take charge of this subject, so far as
stationery is concerned, ought also to be required
to examine into the matter of the books for dis-
tribution, and of all the books that have been dis-
tributed; how the books have been purchased;
at what price; what has been paid for them by
the Clerk, and what has been paid for them by
the Government; so that we may have the entire
subject before the House, and may examine into
it, and see whether the thousand rumors that are
afloat are true, or whether they are false. I think
that it is the duty of the House to provide for
such an investigation; that we owe it to the out-
going Clerk; and I am only astonished that his
friends upon this floor have allowed so much of
the present session to elapse without calling for
an investigation when these charges have been
made in the public newspapers of the city, over
responsible signatures. I say I confess that I am
astonished that the friends of the outgoing Clerk
have not seen tit to ask, themselves, for a commit-
tee to examine into and investigate these matters.
Now, I do not propose to make a motion for a
committee of investigation. I do not desire to
serve on a committee connected with that subject.
I desire to ask my friend from North Carolina
 for I wish to be informed upon that point—
whether it is usual for the outgoing Clerk to
supply stationery for a Congress that is to come
after him?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was told in the post
office that it has been the custom, or, at all events,
that it has been done in this instance.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know whether it
has been the custom or not, but it seems to me to
be a subject which requires to be looked into, and
to undergo scrutiny and rigid examination; and
I hope my friend from North Carolina will prose-
cute the matter until it produces its proper result.
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Speaker, my peculiar
position imposes upon me a duty in regain to this
matter. A question has been raised before the
people of Tennessee, and before my immediate
constituents, in regard to the charges which have
been adverted to by the gentleman from North
Carolina. It was, to some extent, a matter dis-
cussed m the canvass between my competitor and
myself, but it was more largely discussed in the
canvass for representative in the Legislature from
the county of Jackson, owing to the fact that one
of the candidates, Mr. Stanton, nowamemberof
the Tennessee Legislature, a particular friend of
the outgoing Clerk, and one of his appointees—'
one of his pets, so to speak—made charges be-
fore his constituency of the grossest enormities
on the part of the outgoing Clerk, in relation to
actual frauds perpetrated against the Government,
and others, more dangerous and alarming, in-
tended to be perpetrated, but frustrated and de-
feated, as was claimed, by the now Know Noth-
ing member of the Legislature of Tennessee, a
particular friend of the outgoing Clerk, who was
elected to the Legislature by the people of the
county of Jackson, as it is supposed, principally
because he made these charges against his par-
ticular political friend, Mr. Cullom. The matter
came up, also, between my competitor and myself
during the canvass. I was very solicitous to
know of my competitor whether, if he should be
elected, he would vote for the outgoing Clerk to
be Clerk of the present House of Representatives.
My competitor avoided any declaration upon that
subject. He evaded it. 1 frequently pressed it
upon him, both in view of the charges which had
gone abroad in the country, and also of the pecu-
liar political record of the outgoing Clerk, in
regard to Kansas, and other matters. My compet-
itor said, one day, that he was very glad that Mr.
Cullom had been elected Clerk by the Black Re-
publicans, and glad that he had got about $40,000.
I told my competitor that if it was true that the
outgoing Clerk had got that much money, and
if he would convince me of it, I should feel it to
be my duty, if elected, to bring the matter before
the House of Representatives.
After the election was over, Mr. Stanton, the
friend of Mr. Cullom, and now a Know-Nothing
member of the Tennessee Legislature, came to
me and exhibited to mo a variety of documents,
saying that he thought I was pledged to introduce
a resolution into the House of Representatives
to examine into Mr. Cullom's conduct. I told
him what had occurred between my competitor
and myself, and that I did not consider myself as
pledged to introduce such a resolution. I told
him further, that the peculiar relations existing
between myself and Mr. Cullom, it being known
throughout the State that we were not friends—
(perhaps that is a strong enough term to use on
the present occasion)—I did not feci that I was
the proper man to introduce such a resolution,
because it might look l.ke malice or persecution
against one whom I had defeated in a political
contest, and that while I would not shrink from
the duty, if it was necessary for me to assume
it, I would prefer that it should devolve upon
another; but that, if he would satisfy me that he
could substantiate the charges made in the docu-
ments he presented, however unpleasant the duty
might be, I would not shrink from it. He then
showed rae a large number of documents, and
promised to return again and show me others,
saying, at the same time, that lie could prove, by
members upon this floor, political friends of Mr.
Cullom, that he had stated to them that he had made
these large sums of money. In the last interview
I had with Mr. Stanton, he told me that he had
considered my suggestion, and believed it to be
weighty; and would, therefore, get some one of
Mr. Cullom's political friends upon this floor to
offer a resolution to investigate his conduct. I
told him I thought that was the best and fairest
course. I have not spoken to any of Mr. Cul-
lom's political friends on this subject, because it
is a delicate matter, and I considered myself re-
leased fromtany obligation to move in it, and
should, perhaps, be an intruder if I stepped be-
tween him and his friends here. But, if nothing
is done by them, I shall, after waiting a reason-
able time, take what course I may think proper
in the matter.
Mr. MASON. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of
the Committee on Accounts, to which it is pro-
posed to refer this subject, it will perhaps be
proper for me to give the House such information.
as I am in possession of upon this subject. Tile
Committee on Accounts have been in sessions
for two or three hours every day since their ap-
pointment. There is a good deal of labor involved
in the performance of their duties. I agree with
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] that
if these charges of corruption against the out-
going Clerk are to be investigated, a special com-
mittee should be raised for that purpose.
With regard to the contract for stationery,
which seems to be a grievance, I do not know
what that contract is. It seems, however, either
to have been a bad contract, or that it was made
for an inferior quality of material. The Commit-
tee on Accounts has not gone into that matter.
For myself, sir, I have no personal hostility to
the late Clerk of the House. I do not wish to
figure in the prosecution of any of the late, or of
any of the present, officers of the House. I do not
know that there has been anything improper in the
conduct of the late Clerk. So far as any examin-
ation has been made by the Committee on Ac-
counts into the business of the late Clerk, we have
found no corruption, or no improper conduct as
yet, and I hope we may not.
I may cite to the House one single instance in
reference to the contingent fund. The Commit-
tee on Accounts had before them, this morning,
a bill for a quarter of a million dollars for engrav-
ing. It had passed the Clerk, and the Committee
on Accounts indorsed it; and yet we find that by
law this work is received by the superintendent
of the particular branch of business, who, under
the law of Congress, is the sole person to receive
it. It is a mere nominal duty for the Commit-
tee on Accounts to examine the accounts. They
are examined at the Treasury. The Clerk has
no right to add to or diminish the bill one cent;
and yet this quarter of a million dollars is paid •
out of the contingent fund of the House, no one
having anything to do with it except this indi-
vidual, Mr. Seaman, who receives the work.
The House orders all these pictorial illustrations
to be executed, and it is the duty of the Clerk to
have the work executed, but he cannot save any-
thing to himself or to the House. If it is a
costly and a useful work for which these illustra-
tions are ordered, then the action of the House
in ordering them is proper enough. But if
these books are useless lumber, as most of them
appear to be, (for there are three or four hun-
dred thousand dollars'worth lyingin the library,)
then it is the House arrd not the Clerk that is re-
sponsible for the extravagance. I am not the
defender nor the accuser of Mr. Cullom, but the
Committee on Accounts has performed a good
deal of labor m examining his accounts, and,
thus far, have found nothing wrong.
Now there is another thing—the furnishing of
this Hall. The superintendent of construction
here, as I understand, claims the right of fur-
nishing the Hall; and the Clerk, also, as I under-
stand, claims the same right, under the regular
resolution of the House of Representatives. I
believe the Clerk and the superintendent have
compromised the matter, and that one supplies
the upholstery and the other the furniture,
Mr. LETCHER. What was the cost of the
furniture?
Mr. MASON. I have heard what it cost, but
I do not now recollect. The matter belongs to
the War Department. The Superintendent of
Public Buildings here is appointed by that De-
partment; and I am disposed to turn all th-e
accounts for the building over to the Secretary
of War.
There is another large item—for furnishing the
new committee rooms m this wing of the Capitol.
The superintendent of construction claims that
he has the right to furnish them. Some mem-
bers are of opinion that his ideas, are rather
extravagant. It is a matter for the House to
determine whether they will furnish these rooms
themselves or allow the Secretary of War to have
them furnished in an elegant style by the super-
intendent.
The Speaker very well recollects that m years
gone by I made frequent attempts to arrest this
state of things; but it has grown worse and
worse. I trust that the suggestion of the Presi-
dent in regard to the financial revulsion in the
country will have the effect of turning members'-
attention to the subject, to see whether they cannot
economize and reduce greatly the expenses of the
