78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
House. Millions are placed in the appropriation
bills at the last hour; and it is the House, and not
the Clerk, that is responsible.
I merciy got up to second the suggestion of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] and
tosay that, if the House wish to investigate this
matter further than lies within the province of the
Committee on Accounts, a resolution should be
adopted appointing a special committee for that
special purpose. Perhaps some friend of the late
Clerk will offer such a resolution. The Commit-
tee on Accounts has no charge to make against
him. We have discharged our duty, and given
evidence of punctuality and attendance to it. I
would like to have a resolution before the House
in relation to the charges for upholstering and
furnishing this Hall, and to other such matters.
Perhaps I may offer such a resolution at the proper
time. Butat present I am disposed to let all these
accounts be settled by the Secretary of War, as
he has commenced the business. It is the same
thing, after all, whether the Hall and the commit-
tee rooms be furnished by the House or under the
superintendence of the Secretary of War.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe the question be-
fore the House at this time—if I understand ihe
reading of the resolution—is on an inquiry into
the character and cost of the stationery purchased
for the use of the House. The discussion upon
that resolution seems to have taken a wider range,
and to have gone into the general conduct of the
outgoing Clerk. Although a personal friend of
that gentleman, I shall not, here in my place or
elsewheie, by any word or vote or act of mine,
attempt to screen him from any full, thorough,
sifting investigation into his conduct, if any mem-
ber of this House believes that such an investi-
gation will prove either proper or profitable. I
. am now instructed by the outgoing Clerk to say
that he demands it. Thus instructed, I shall—
contrary to what was my original intention when
I rose, to leave to some one else to move the
investigation—before concluding my remarks,
move, myself, that the investigation shall be
made by a special and select committee of the
House.
1 know nothing of the accusations that are made
against that officer. I have not taken the trouble
even to wade through the pages of matter that
have«been piled up here. I do not deem it neces-
sary to go out into the columns of the newspaper
press to sec whether their utterance is for or
against this or that particular oflicer in the dis-
charge of his official duty; for, if that were to be
done, it would leave us but little else to do. It is
time enough, I suppose, for us to inquire into the
conduct of any particular oflicer of this House
when that conduct lias been made the subject of
remark in the House. I supposed that be would
be called upon, at the proper time, by the proper
committee, to present his vouchers, and account
for the funds which have come into his hands.
I supposed they would make a full investigation,
and report to us whether there was anything
wrong in his official conduct. But it seems—I
know not for what reason, I know not what may
be the facts in the case—that, in justice to our-
selves and in justice to the outgoing Clerk, this
woik should be peiformed by a special commit-
tee upon the subject. I am perfectly willing that
it should be done; and if the honorable member
from North Carolina [Mr. Clincman] will so
modify Ins motion as to provide for the appoint-
ment of a special committee, with powers to ex-
tend their investigation to theextent which I have
intimated, I shall be very much obliged to him
for so doing.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will make the motion himself. I have
my own reasons for wishing not to serve upon
any such committee. I prefer that the matter
should originate with him; and ifhe will make the
motion I will vote for it very cheerfully. I beg
leave to say, that not being politically of the same
party with the late Clerk, I do not wish to initiate
any movement against him, but I will cheerfully
join any movement the gentleman thinks proper
to undertake.
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg to say that I hope
this will not be made a political matter.
Mr. CLING-MAN. Certainly not. I have not,
intended to say anything impugning the conduct j
of the outgoing Clerk. I should much prefer to |
follow the lead of some other member upon that 1
side in the matter. I made the motion originally
very reluctantly. I threatened to do it in the last
Congress; but 1 failed to do it becausel know that
it is a thankless thing for gentlemen to make these
motions which create ill feeling in certain quar-
ters. I preferred not to do it; but I thought it
was necessary that the attention of the House
should bo called to the subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. For reasons personal to
myself, I ask, as an especial favor, that the hon-
orable member from Worth Carolina will so mod-
ify his motion as to adopt my suggestion, for the
reason that, being a new member of the House,
and entirely inexperienced in its usages—being
entirely unacquainted with its practices—I prefer
that a gentleman who is known to be, if not the
oldest, the noblest " Roman of them all," should
occupy that position. I again make the request.
I ask it as a personal favor, that the gentleman
from North Carolina will modify his resolution
so as to meet the suggestions I have advanced.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will
move such a proposition as suits him, I will ac-
cept it as a modification of my own motion with
pleasure.
Mr. MAYNARD. I had not submitted my
proposition in writing. It was, that a special
committee shall be appointed, to whom the ac-
counts of the outgoing Clerk shall be submitted
for investigation, with instructions to report upon
them to the House, and that they have leave to
report at any time.
And, Mr. Speaker, as wo sometimes hear of
cleansing these Augean stables, it may be possible
—I know not how it is—that it would be profit-
able to extend our inquiry beyond the action of
the outgoing incumbent. I would, therefore,
leave them at liberty to inquire into and report
the practice and conduct of his predecessors in
office.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will al-
low me, a gentleman has handed me a resolution
which I suppose will answer his purpose. I
have added to it a clause to meet the suggestion
last made by him, giving the committee authority
to investigate the conduct of previous Clerks. I
propose, therefore, if it shall meet the views of
the gentleman to submit the resolution in this
form:
Resolved, Th.it t'i" accounts of William Cullom, the late
Clci !i, b." icU'iT'-d to a select committee of five, withinstiuc-
lions io inquire inio thf various items of 1ms accounts,and
tepoit thoioon af am time; and nhnll have power to send
for person--, itnd papei*; ami that they f-hall likewise have
authority lo look imo the conduct of any previous Clerk.
If the gentleman from Tennessee will move that
resolution as an amendment to my motion, I shall
vote for it, and 1 have no doubt the House will
adopt it. 1 think it is proper that they should
do it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wu accept the resolution,
I asking that the comrm:;oe shall have authority to
inquire into the accounts as well as conduct of
previous Clerks. I
f was about to remark when interrupted, that j
this was not the time nor was I prepared to discuss j
the conduct of the outgoing Clerk or any officer
of this House; but I have this confidence in the
character and in the integrity of that gentleman,
that I express here a feeling, amounting to a con-
vic:ion, that when the investigation Is made he
will have no occasion to regret it or to be ashamed
of the result, as it may-ofiect him or any of his
subordinates. I propose the following amend-
ment:
Resolved, That thp accounts of William Cullom,the late
Cicik, be retcnod to a select committee of five, with in-
structions to inquire into the vanou-* items of his accounts,
anci to leport thcieon atnnjr time : and shall have powei to
send for persons and papers; and that they likewise have
autlmnry to look into the accounts and conduct of an v pre-
vious eieik, and to rcpoit thereon.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask that the 152d rule of the
House be read.
The rule was read, as follows:
" 152. The following resolution was passed by the House
of Reptet-entanve.^, Jamiaiy 30. 1846. — (Journal of the
House of Repiesentauves, liist session Twenty-Ninth Con-
gress, page 3-23:)
" VVheieas the Clerk of this holkp i* hy law made the
responsible officer for the propei disbuisemcnt of the con-
Unpr.il iund, and is required io give bond for the faithful
disbuiscmont thereof: Thoiefore,
■' Resalicd, That from and after the passage of this reso-
lution, all contracts, bargains, or agieements, relative to the
iinnialung any matter or tiling, or for the performance of
any labor for the House of Repiesentatives, bo made with
the Clerk, or approved by him, before any allowance shall
be made therelor by the Committee on Accounts."
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Speaker, I have only
to say in regard to the question before us that I
hope that the investigation asked for the Clerk
may take place. If I understand the rules of the
House, the accounts of the Clerk are referred
directly to the Committee on Accounts, which is
one of our regular standing committees. I sub-
mit, then, that the resolution proposed by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee cannot take the duty of
auditing these accounts from a regular commit-
tee of the House; that it requires a vote of two-
thirds before that can be accomplished, because
it suspends one of the regular rules of the House.
I make that point of order. Let his accounts take
their regular course of reference to one of the
standingcommittees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the resolution proposes to take these
accounts from the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. MAYNARD. It does not. It merely pro-
poses to inquire with reference to his accounts,
and to extend the inquiry to an investigation of
the accounts of previous officers.
Mr NICHOLS. I do not think that I misap-
prehend the terms of the gentleman's resolution.
I understand it to propose a reference of the ac-
counts and the conduct of the Clerk for investi-
gation to a select committee. I have confidence in
the Committee on Accounts. I want the accounts
of the Clerk to take their natural course, and to
let the select committee only have in charge the
conduct of the Clerk. I hope that investigation
will be had.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Speaker, I am anxious
that the greatest and widest latitude should be
given to an investigation into the doings and
accounts of every officer of this House and of the
General Government, whenever an intimation is
made that such a course is necessary. When a
Clerk of this House demands an investigation into
his accounts, it is wholly immaterial to me whether
he be of my political faith or not. I will vote for
it in a resolution embracing the greatest and the
most liberal power, merely to know, sir, whether
there has been anything wrong in the execution
of the duties ofhis office,and his deportinentas an
officer of this House. Personally, I would prefer
that the resolution should not be made in the lan-
guage in which it is, for I would not screen this
Clerk under the action of any other Clerk of this
House, whether his immediate predecessor or not,
If gentlemen desire an investigation into the doings
of a prior Clerk, let a resolution for that purpose
be moved in ample and proper form.
_ I will vote for this resolution with a view to the
rights, and to sustain the honor and dianity of
the outgoing Clerk, if he is worthy to'be sus-
tained. There is no way, in my opinion, that
we can more fully and properly get at the conduct
and the manner of the discharge of the duties of
all officer, than by this kind of direct investiga-
tion—this calling upon the committee, and making
it imperative upon them to investigate it. I favor
investigation in any matter, if there be cause for
it; anil I will favor it whether the party involved
be of my faith in politics or opposed tome. When
it shall become necessary to covrr his case by a
comparison with the acts of his predecessors,
then it may be time to move that too; but if the
party were a personal friend of mine, I would
rather, for his own honor and position, that he
stood alone in the investigation, that his case
might be fully and completely known to the
House and to the country. This is the reason
why I will vote now, and at any tune where a
motion is made, for an investigation into the
doings of an officer of this House, or of any offi-
cer of the General Government. I shall vote for
the resolution in its present shape; but I hope
that the gentleman from Tennessee will withdraw
the latter portion of it, or couch it in such terms
as shall make it imperative upon the committee
to go into a full and complete investigation. 1
would prefer that the gentleman should either
omit that part of his resolution, or so modify it
as to make it imperative upon the committee to
investigate the accounts of the predecessors of the
outgoing Clerk as fully and perfectly as his own.
Mr. MAYNARD. Since this view of the case
has been taken, and in order to prevent any mis-
construction or misinterpretation here or else-
where, I will withdraw the latter part of my
amendment, and let it refer to the late Clerk only,
and let him stand or fall by himself.
