1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
ferred, in conformity with the authority thus giv-
en, this constitution of Kansas was brought into
existence. It was made with extreme caution, with
extreme regularity—even with offensive regular-
ity. It was too regular., it seems, for many of my
honorable friends. It was made with strict le-
gality. First, the Legislature passed a law leav-
ing it to the inhabitants of that Territory to de-
termine for themselves whether they would come
into the Union. They decided that they would;
nobody objected; it was a universal sentiment
there. All, all agree that this is a thing fit to be
done in order to terminate these difficulties. Then
there is no dispute about boundary; none about
population. We have no question with reference
to the form of government; no one doubts that it
is republican.
The Territorial Legislature of Kansas, by virtue
of this broad right in their charter, in conformity
to the popular will, called a convention. It met.
It made this instrument. It adopted a constitu-
tion, full, ample, and complete—a government
republican in its form, and declared to be the con-
stitution of the new State of Kansas, when she
should be admitted into the Union, except as to
one clause. As to everything else but this clause
it was a finality. That one clause involved the
question of domestic slavery, and that they re-
ferred to the people. This clause was fairly and
legally submitted to a vote of the whole people—
all who were entitled by law to vote. The result
was that this pro-slavery clause was adopted by
more than five thousand majority. My honorable
friend from Kentucky repeats the oft-repeated
charge that there was some illegal voting at that
election; that names of distinguished public men
known not to be in Kansas, appear on the poll-
book. Grant it. In the first place, it does not
appear who did it; it is alleged on the other side,
and the intrinsic evidence would seem to support
it, that " an enemy has done this thing." But it
does appear that a great majority of these votes
are indisputably legal. This fact is nowhere de-
nied, and it settles this case. A legal election is
not void because illegal votes may be cast at it, but
it must appear, before it can affect the result, that
there were enough of illegal votes to defeat the
legal vote. This is not pretended in any quarter.
It seems this constitution is to be attacked on
new principles. It is the first time I heard it
asserted anywhere that a whole constitution was
void because an illegal vote was given for it, or
many illegal votes were given for it. If the illegal
votes given for it override the legal votes against
it, then it was fraudulent and void, and ought not
to stand a moment; but until my honorable friend
establishes that, he no more weakens the consti-
tution of Kansas than he does that of Kentucky,
on account of the outrages in Louisville in 1855.
There were over six thousand votes cast for
the slavery clause of this constitution; there were
not two hundred against it. I say its legality
stands on the fact that no man pretends to deny
it, not even the last Kansas Legislature, whose
outrages do not seem to have shocked my honor-
able friend from Kentucky, but whose statements
are treated by him almost as record evidence; and
this extraordinary and, I think, ill-placed credit,
not only extends to resolutions of that body, but
also to any member or officcr of theirs who may
venture an opinion on this subject. They say
that there were three thousand of these six thou-
sand votes fraudulent. Grant it. That is their
case. The other three thousand were good. The
other three thousand are as good to establish this
constitution against those who failed or refused
to vote as if every man in the Territory had voted
for it. My friend was not warranted in saying
that these whole proceedings were fraudulent, by
a shadow of evidence. He is not authorized to
say that this Lecompton constitution has ever had
even an allegation of fraud sufficient, even if true,
for its invalidation, much less proof. I say there
is no such allegation. As far as I know, it never
was made here; it never was made in Kansas. I
will take the case of its enemies, and I say that,
so far from proving fraud, they have not even
made a specification which, if true, would inval-
idate the constitution; yet it is to go out to the
country that the Lecompton constitution is a
fraud, and the great name and high character of
my honorable friend are to be used to bolster up
this charge, unsupported by evidence and untrue :
in fact. My honorable friend does himself great ;
injustice in accepting, without fall examination,
as true, allegations which have been, again and
again, on this floor and elsewhere, disproved.
But there stands the case. Did not the Legis-
lature of Kansas have a right to pass a law sub-
mitting the question of calling a convention to the
people? Ifitberightfullegislation,they had. Is
it a wrongful subject of legislation ? Did they not
have a right to take the sense of the people as to
their wishes on this subject,and to follow that will
and protect its exercise against fraud and violence ?
This is not only a rightful, but an ordinary exer-
cise of legislative power, even without express
grant from Congress; but here the grant is ex-
press, clear, and unquestionable. The action of
this convention, thus legally called, was the act of
the people of Kansas in the exercise of sovereign
power. The constitution they made was the con-
stitution of the people the moment the conditions
they annexed were complied with and Congress
assented. My friend says submission is not ne-
cessary. "When this discussion first arose in Con-
gress, at this session, that was the main point of
assault. Some very adroit gentlemen thought they
had a great popular point in the declaration that
it never had been submitted to a popular vote, and
therefore it could in no sense be considered a con-
stitution. That could not stand argument; it could
not stand public judgment. Itproved too much.
It proved the original thirteen States were wrong-
fully in the Union. It proved the objectors out
also. It became necessary to back down. They
found that tliejudgment of the country, that prin-
ciple and the practice if the country, had all Deen
against it, and therefore they changed their tactics
and commenced raising the hue-and-cry of fraud,
fraud ! And this cry is now put forward as the
main, if not exclusive, argument against it—that
this is not sincere, but it is a pretext, and not a
reason, with many of the objectors; that they first
opposed it for other and untenable reasons, and
that all the transactions in which fraud has been
alleged arose after they had taken fierce and un-
compromising ground against it. The vote on the
slavery clause of the Lecompton constitution was
taken on the 21st December. The election for
State officers under the constitution was held on
the 4th January last. This opposition com-
menced before the meeting of Congress.
We are now told that Governor Walker and
Mr. Stanton promised to have the constitution
submitted, and declared it must be submitted. I
believe they did. From the day they went to
that Territory until the day they came away,
they were both engaged wrongfully interfering
with rights of the people of that Territory, vio-
lating the provisions of the fundamental act, and
bringing the Administration into disrepute with
the country. What right has the Governor of a
Territory to promise what a convention of the
people shall do? The requirement of submission
was presented to the Legislature, and rejected.
When the convention bill was passed by the Le-
gislature of Kansas, the then Governor vetoed it
upon theexpressgroundthatit did notprovide for
submitting the constitution to the people. This
was notasurprise; this was notafraud. Nobody
was cheated by the non-submission. If Mr.
Walker promised that it should be submitted, he
had no right to give the promise; and he gave it
in the face of the declaration of the Legislature
that they wanted a convention, the embodiment
of the popular.sovereignty of Kansas; that its
voice should be the voice of the people. Sir, that
Legislature were right. They not only acted upon
principle, but they acted upon aprinciple affirmed
by the Senate of the United States, including my
honorable friends from Illinois and Kentucky,
that no such submission was necessary. In 1856,
when I felt it my duty to submit an enabling act
to the Senate, that enabling act, as it passed this
body, did notprovide for a submission of the con-
stitution or any part of it to a vote of the people
of Kansas. It may be necessary for me to give
a brief history of a transaction which has been
much controverted; but my history shall be simply
a record history.
I saw there had been complaints and allega-
tions and counter allegations of fraud from the
beginning of the organization of that Territory.
Murders, conflagrations, and other outrages, were
the ordinary pastimes of many of the people. The
people were not only divided, but hostile to each
other. I knew that it was difficult to get fair elec-
tions even in quiet times in frontier countries; and
I thought I would put an end to it at once by au-
thorizing the people to elect a convention and
make a constitution. The first twelve sections
of the bill took the whole power out of the terri-
torial government. I ignored Governor, Council,
and Legislature. The first twelve sections pro-
vided the machinery for executing the bill, so
that there should be no dispute as to its fairness.
The other sections containing only the formal
parts of the bill incident to every enabling act, I
cut them off with my scissors from a printed bill
before me. The first twelve sections are in my
own writing. In the thirteenth section, under the
usual clause stating that the following shall be the
fundamental conditions of admission, there were
words requiring a submission o" the constitution
to the people. That I did not observe.
When the bill came up for consideration be-
tween some gentlemen of the committee and my-
self, there being no provision in the bill for a sec-
ond election; there being no safeguards for such
apopularelection; the bill being incongruous as to
that purpose, I suggested the striking out of this
clause. It was done, as the report shows. It
having got there by accident, it was stricken out
at my suggestion, as a matter of course. The
principles on which that measure was based were
these: first, that all the legal voters of the Terri-
tory should have a fair opportunity, free from
force or fraud, to elect a convention, and to make
a constitution; and then that they should come
into the Union under that constitution, without
referring either the constitution to the people, or
the question of admission again to Congress. It
was intended as an assent to admission in ad-
vance.
On consultation with friends, among whom was
the present distinguished Secretary of State, it
was objected that the bill was a novelty; that it
was at least necessary for it to come back to Con-
gress for final action before admission. I re-
ferred them to Ohio as a precedent. That State
was admitted without either submitting her con-
stitution to the people, or bringing it again before
Congress. Her enabling act was construed to
have given the assent to admission in advance.
But it is objected that the Kansas organic act
is but an enabling act. That is certainly true in
some sense; but the difference is unimportant to
this issue. The Kansas territorial convention act
was to every'extent, and for all purposes, as law-
ful , binding, and obligatory on the people of Kan-
sas, as though Congress had passed it. The con-
vention called into existence by it was as much
the representative of the people, and had the same
powers, as though Congress had passed it. It
differed from an enabling act only in this: it
bound her people as firmly, but did not bind Con-
gress. Congress, for just cause, could reject this
action; whereas, if Congress had passed the act,
and the people of Kansas had complied with the
conditions, Congress would have also been bound
by this action. The two bills now before me il-
lustrate my idea.
The Judiciary Committee reported unanimous-
ly, the other day, that Minnesota having complied
substantially with the act of Congress, was enti-
tled to instant admission. Kansas makes a prop-
osition which, if it be fair, legal, and just, and if
it comes within the rules you have a right to con-
sider, must bo admitted too. That is the dis-
tinction. Indeed, the territorial act is most bind-
ing on the people of the Territory. The people of
that Territory have only done what we intended
they should do at the last Congress. They took
my bill, in the main, as their model. A large
majority of this body, including my friend from
Kentucky, determined, in the then condition of
the Territory, it was best to get the people to-
gether fairly m convention, and let the convention
make a constitution, and then induct them into
the Union. We held then, that the voice of the
people could be fairly expressed through the con-
vention, and that we would accept such action
as their will. The Territorial Legislature but
conformed to this action, and present you to-day
the result in a mode approved by us in advance.
