1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
not satisfied that the returns are fraudulent, why
not investigate them? Jf you are satisfied that
they are, why not refuse to have anything to do
with this constitution, and leave' the people in
their territorial condition ?
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] told
us the other day that this was an unimport-
ant question: that we ought not to bp engaged in
it; that greater questions should receive our at-
tention. He pointed very beautifully to the
eastern world, where the spoils of accumulated
ages were attracting the cupidity of the European
Powers. The spoils were there ready, ana the
eagles, he told us, were prepared for the banquet,
except one, the youngest mother of them all.
She was at hoirte watching her nest lest the young
s-hould not live together in peace. He thought
this state of things could not long endure, but
that she would burst her manacles; and I sup-
pose ho meant the inference to be drawn, that we
should join with these European Powers who are
about to despoil eastern nations of their wealth
and their rights.
Sir, I disagree with the Senator from Virginia
on that subject. I believe it better, far better,
that we should be at home watching the nest,
preserving the ballot-box and our free institutions
in their purity, rather than joining with the
erowned heads of Europe to seize upon the spoils
of empire upon the eastern continent, and subject
Uf our rule an inferior class of people. God forbid,
sir, that republican America shall ever be united
in any unholy alliance for the partition of another
Poland, and the subjugation of its inhabitants.
Better, far better, to remain at home and preserve
our institutions as our fathers made them, and
above ail, preserve the elective franchise pure and
uncontammated. Then, sir, we shall set an ex-
ample to other nations which they will riot be slow
to follow; and the time will come when republican
institutions will prevail, not only throughout the
American continent, but throughout the world;
and every man of every clime will he permitted to
sit down beneath his own vine and fig-tree, with- i
out any to molest or to make him afraid.
Mr. FOOT. It has been my purpose to submit j
some remarks to the Senate upon this question, ]
at some time time during the progress of the de- j
bate. I have been willing to defer my own per- |
sonal convenience in the matter, to the convcni- ]
ence and wishes of otlier gentlemen. We have ,
had a long session to-day. I think I may say we ;
have had an exceedingly interesting session, an \
instructive session. We have reached a rather
late hour this afternoon, and if it be agreeable t4o
those members of the Senate now present, that
the further consideration of this question be de-
ferred until to-morrow morning, 1 will regard it
as a persona!favor; not, however, to be accorded
to me to the prejudice of the public business.
Mr. CLARK. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. FOOT. With the understanding that this
subject will be taken up as the special order at
half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from New
Hampshire will withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment, I wish to have taken up and considered
now a resolution I offered some days since, to
meet at eleven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Green in
the chair.) Does the Senator from New Hamp-
shire withdraw his motion ?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move to take up the
resolution to change the daily hour of meeting to
eleven o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator that he vary his resolution, so that instead
of meeting at eleven o'clock, we shall hereafter
have evening sessions.
Mr. HOUSTON. We cannot do that under
the rules. I hope that the Senate will now act on
the resolution 1 have offercd^that the daily hour
of meeting be eleven o'clock until otherwise or-
dered.
Mr. FOOT. I suggest to the honorable Sena-
tor from Texas that we can hardly entertain the
resolution this afternoon. Certainly there can be
no consideration of it for want of a quorum. The
manifest want of a quorum is in the way of any
action upon that resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. The absence of a quorum is
not manifest unless the yeas and nays are called.
It is a rule that a Senator is always presumed to
be in his place.
Mr. WILSON. By agreeing to this resolution,
and resolving to meet after to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, wo can have this question come up at
half past eleven o'clock. There are quite a num-
ber of gentlemen who desire to address the Sen-
ate, and we must press the matter now, if we in-
tend to act up to the understanding.
Mr. SEWAItD. A great number of Senators
are absent, and I think that there is unmistakably
a minority now present. We have had no notice
of such a resolution, and we have no quorum
present.
Mr. WILSON. I understand, by common con-
sent or conversation among members, that it is
understood three or four gentlemen will speak to-
morrow. If we meet to-morrow at the hour sug-
gested in the resolution, we shall be ablo to take
the subject up at half pasteleven o'clock, and we
thereby gain an hour. Those Senators who in-
tend to speak to-morrow can be informed of the
change in the hour of meeting. I think the mat-
ter can be settled by common consent.
Mr. SEWARD. I will not agree to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts make a proposition?
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Maine sug-
gests to me that we can have an evening session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To commence after to-
morrow.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know whether even-
ing sessions will be necessary or not. Perhaps
they will not be necessary until after to-morrow.
When we meeS to-monow, we shall be able to
see whether we ought to have an evening session
on to-morrow and the day after. If the Senator
from New York objects, we cannot act on the
matter. I think, therefore, we had better adjourn,
as suggested by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. ,
Mr. SEWARD. I object, simply because the
Senator who, it is understood, will take the floor
to-morrow morning, is not prepared to take it
earlier, inasmuch as he is not in his place.
Mr. HOUSTON. He could be here by twelve
o'clock, and then go on with his speech. By
meeting at eleven o'clock we can dispose of all the
morning business before twelve o'clock, and he
can then proceed.
Mr. CLARIC. I move that the further consid-
eration of this bill be postponed until half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. Say twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Half past twelve
is the motion.
Mr. CLARK. There may be petitions and
other morning business which will occupy the
first half hour.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to make a suggestion,
if the Senator will allow me. With a view to
make this subject the unfinished business, so that
it can be taken up at twelve o'clock, I will move
that the Senate do nowadjourn. It will then come
up as the unfinished business.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 17, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. A. Harrold.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE REPORTS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I yesterday rose to what
I regarded as a question of privilege. I do not
design calling up that question now. I may do
so at some future time; but I desire to say, that
the report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
in reference to the conduct of Commodore Paul-
ding was not authorized to be published by that
committee. I say this much now. I may bring
the subject regularly before the House on some
other day. I will say further, that I should have
made that report yesterday, if the committee had
been called on to make reports. The report, how-
ever, as I have stated, was not directed to be pub-
lished by the committee, and a minority of the
committee dissent from the views there expressed.
Mr. RITCHIE. I wish to say that I dissent
from the views expressed in lhat report. 1 think
Commodore Paulding was justified in the course
taken by him in arresting General Walker and
bringing him to this country; and I shall endeavor
to show it to the House when the proper occasion
presents itself. That is all I have to say now. -
MEMORIAL OF THE LEGISLATURE OF UTAH.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in or-
der to be the motion made by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Harris] yesterday to lay on the
table the memorial of the Territorial Assembly of
Utah. ' „
Mr, HARRIS, of Maryland. I made the mo-
tion yesterday to lay on the table this memorial.
Upon consideration, however, in order that that
document may go on the records of the House, I
propose to withdraw my motion, and make an-
other motion which will accomplish that object,
I desire, therefore, to withdraw that motion.
Mr. MILLSON. I demanded the yeas and nays
yesterday upon the motion of the gentleman from
Maryland, because I thought the Chair had an-
nounced the vote in the negative upon the motion
to lay on the table. I wanted thatmotion ta pre-
vail. I was utterly opposed to any reference of
a document so insulting, so insolent, and so defi-
ant. But, sir, if it is desired to have the memo-
rial printed, and then laid on the table, I have no
objection; and I therefore withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I now move that
the memot ial be printed and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
VOLUNTEER BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the bill (H. R. No. 313) reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs, to provide
for the organization of a regiment of mounted
volunteers for the defense of the frontier of Tex-
as, and to authorize the President to call into the
service of the United States four additional regi-
ments of volunteers; upon which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. QUITMAN. Before the gentleman frop
Ohio proceeds, I would ask the attention of the
House for a moment to a few suggestions which
I desire to make. This bill seems to have been
peculiaily unfortunate in its position. It has been
obliged to give place for many others, and still
drags its slow length along. I believe that gen-
tlemen in this House, both those favorable to the
bill and those opposed to it, desire to see it finally
disposed of.
Now, 1 will not move to make it a special order,
because the interposition of a single objection
would prevent me'from making the motion, and
prevent the House from acting upon it. But I de-
sire to appeal to the House to allow the debate
upon this bill to go on, for it is in the power of
the House, at the expiration of the morning hour,
to refuse to take up other business. I would sug-
gest that that course would facilitate the transac-
tion of public business. My own opinion is, that
we can bring the debate to a termination in the
course of the day, and take the vote to-morrow
morning. I hope, then, the House will decline to
take up other business at the expiration of tho
morning hour.
EXCUSE FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I made a motion some days
ago to reconsider the vote by which the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] was excused
from serving on the Committee of Accounts. I
am aware of the fact, if the motion be withdrawn
it cannot be renewed by another member, in con-
sequence of the time provided in the rules having
expired; that it cannot be withdrawn except by
unammous consent. I therefore desire the House
to understand precisely what I say. I am in-
formed that the effect of the pendency of the motion
is to prevent the committee from being filled, and
to prevent them from acting. The accounts ate
postponed, and it is producing confusion. I had
hoped that on Monday I should have been able
to have called up the bill fixing the number and
compensation of the employes of the House; but
not having obtained tho floor for the purpose,
unless some gentleman desires the motion to re 
! main pending, I now propose to withdraw it.
j Mr. KEITT. What will be the effect ofgw t+
ing the permission asked for? Will it excttB*
' thS member?
