THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
•I
of a fire department in the District of Columbia; |
and
An act (No. 241) relating to the manner of
holdingand transmitting the title to certain church
property therein mentioned.
BOOKKEEPER OF THE HOUSE—AGATN.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Admitting the
justice of this rule for charging, still it does not
account for the extraordinary discrepancies ex-
isting between the number actually folded and
those charged and returned by the Doorkeeper as
folded. Doubling the whole number, one hun-
dred and twenty-two thousand six hundred and
forty-six, and it would still leave nearly one hun-
dred thousand more to be accounted for.
*But, Mr. Speaker, in order to anticipate what
may probably, be alleged by Mr. Hackney as a
further excuse for this extraordinary aggregate
charge for folding documents, 1 will state that the
number"of volumes actually returned by the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing to the document-
room, is not, as is stated by the Clerk of the
House, one hundred and twenty-two thousand
six hundred and forty-six, but there were really
fifty-eight thousand two hundred and sixty-four
octavo volumes, and but thirty thousand one hun-
dred and ninety-one quarto volumes returned.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have succeeded
in showing the House that what has been charged
in this report against Mr. Hackney has been ex-
clusively subject of record before the committee,
which the committee could not overlook without
a grave dereliction of duty. They forbore, I think
with great leniency, to refer to subjects which had
been brought to their attention on the mere dec-
larations of his subordinates. He claims that the
allegations, in general terms, of malpractice and
venality in office, may be investigated. 1 will send
to the Clerk's desk, to be read, a correspondence
which has taken place between Mr, Hackney and
one of his subordinates.
The Clerk read the correspondence, as follows:
DoorkeepeiTs Office, House or Hrprrskntatives,
$ Washington, I). C . May 4, 1&58.
Sir; Thisistonoufy you thaiihoappointmeiuhototofore
Iicld by you h heieby revoked. and that your sei vicc^. as a
messenger of the Ilou^e of Representatives, are no longer
required from and afiei tins dale.
Keapecifully, &c.. R. B. HACKNEY",
J/oorkeepcr House of Representatives.
,Mr. E. V. CAMi'BEj.t, Washington, D. C.
Hall or tub House ok llnprehkntarives, U. S.,
Ma / 4.18")S
Sin: Inclosed herewith please find a letter of dismissal
addressed to me by R. 1). Hackney, E-q., Doorkeeperof the
Home of Representative*. 'Wio Dooi keeper assigns no mo-
tive for Ins action, and I can eoirceiveof none, unless it be
the fact that 1 i rinsed fn «ni render to |mn my salary, after
I had receipted lor if, lor the month oi Apul. Otiiei than
thiu, there can be no causes for I am con^ious that I have
doiH'iny duty faithliiliy. I denythe autlioutv ot the Door-
keeper to act in the mannei attempted by him ; and appeal
to the Speaker of the flou^e of Ropiesentatives for protec-
tion. Very respectfully,
E. V. CAMPBELL,.
Messenger in the Ilall of House of Representatives.
Hon. jamrs L. Okr, Speaker of the House of Jlcpreicnta-
tives United Stales.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I do not know,
Mr. Speaker, whether I should go further into
this case. 1 might, if it were the pleasure of the
House, call upon the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hughes,] the chairman of the special com-
mittee, to report, under the order of the House,
the testimony taken under oath, which will go far,
not only to corroborate every word contained in
the report made by the Committee of Accounts,
but to implicate Mr. Hackney still further.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 did not hear the gentleman
from Maryland. Does he call upon me to make
n J
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I do,
Mr. HUGHES. I did not hear the gentleman's
question.
Mr. KUNKEL,ofMaryland. I desire to know
whether the subjects referred to in the repoi t of
the Committee of Accounts have not been inves-
tigated by the select committee raised to inquire
into the corrupt practices of the present Door-
keeper, and of the last Doorkeeper, and whether
the facts stated in the report have not been proved
under oath before said committee ?
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to know how the
- floor can be transferred to the gentleman from In-
diana r
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land yields the floor to the gentleman from indi-
diana to enable him to respond to an interrogatory.
Mr. SEWARD. I understood the gentleman
from Maryland to surrender the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I object to the floor be-
ing farmed out or transferred.
Mr. KUNKEL, ofMaryland I yield the floor,
then, unconditionally.
Mr. HUGHES obtained the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. Will the gentleman from In-
diana allow me to ask a question of the gentle-
man from Maryland?
Mr. HUGHES. I will.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not understand how it
is,'under any rule of the House, that when a
gentleman occupying the floor has exhausted his
time, or voluntarily surrendered the floor, a gen-
tleman who was on the floor propounding an in-
terrogatory at that instant becomes entitled to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana became entitled to the floor by rising from his
seat and addressing " Mr. Speaker," and the
Chair recognizing him.
Mr. SEWARD. After I had addressed the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman from Indiana addressed the Chair
before the gentleman from Georgia did. *
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maryland a question. It does not appear
from the report, whether or not the Doorkeeper
was summoned to appear before the Committee
of Accounts. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Maryland whether the Doorkeeper was sum-
moned before the committee? whether he was
notified of the charges against him, and called
upon to furnish his answer to them?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Yes, sir, and
he did appear before the committee.
Mr. SICKLES. He did appear?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. He did.
Mr. SICKLES. Was he informed of the
charges against him ?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SICKLES. Did he make any answer?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Yes,sir; I al-
luded to his answer in my remarks, although per-
haps the gentleman did not hear me.
Mr. SICKLES. The report does not state
what his answer is
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. The House will
perceive that theie are but two classes of facts re-
ferred to in the report; one is as to the ernploy-
mentof a larger number of subordinate officers
than by law and usage he is allowed, in which he
persisted against the repeated admonitions not
only of the Committee of Accounts, but of the
Speaker of the House.
The second allegation is that there was an appa-
rent discrepancy between the documents returned
by him as folded, and the number delivered by
the Superintendent of Public Printing. That is
*11 which the committee have Brought to the atten-
tion of the House.
Mr. SICKLES. Will the gentleman inform
me whether the Doorkeeper made any answer in
the matter?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. He did not sat-
isfy the committee.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the gentlemen from
Maryland have the kindness to send to the Clerk's
desk and have read the letter which the committee
addressed to the Doorkeeper?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall object.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not intend to participate
in this debate at large. I desire to make a very
brief statement in response to the question which
was put by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Kuntkel,] and the allusion made by him to the
select committee of which I am chairman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Indiana that in the uniform
practice of the House it has been held not to be
m order to refer to that which has transpired in
committee,until it has been reported to the House.
Mr HUGHES. I intended to take shelter
under that rule; but I think it due to the select
committee that I should be permitted to make the
statement which I propose to make. 1 believe I
shall express the views of ail the members of that
committee when I say that this House will be
better able to judge of .what testimony has been
before that committee, and what conclusions may
be justly drawn from that testimony when it is re-
ported to the House to-speak for itself. As chair-
man of that committee, I feel that whatever may
be the rule, it would not be right that I should
make any statement as to what evidence has been
given before that committee, either against the
Doorkeeper or in his favor, in advance of our re-
port.
That committee will endeavor to act in this
matter towards the Doorkeeper with judicial fair-
ness; and, therefore, I trust that the House, m
passing upon the resolution which is now before
it, will pass upon it in connection with the facts
and testimony reported by the Committee of Ac-
counts, and will borrow no aid from testimony not
reported to the House.
So far as I am concerned, myself, in the vote
I shall give upon this resolution, I shall vote as a
member of the House,dismissing from my mind,
as far as possible, all inferences arising from the
testimony which I have heard as a member of the
select committee.
A Member. When will the select committee
make their report?
Mr. HUGHES. I am asked when the select
c^mrtfittee will report. I will state that the select
committee have heard all the evidence they desire
to hear against the parties, and will report as soon
as the parties have been heard by testimony before
them.
Mr. KUNKEL, ofMaryland. I simply intend-
ed to ask the gentleman from Indiana a single
question which was susceptible of a direct answer
in the affirmative or negative. I wished to know
of the gentleman from Indiana if he or any other
members of the select committee would, from the
testimony taken by them under oath, contradict
the facts stated by the Committee of Accounts.
I think I have the right to know this fact.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would intimate
to the gentleman from Indiana that it would not
be proper for him to refer to what has taken place
in committee.
Mr. KlTNKEL, of Maryland. I did not wish
the gentleman to refer to what had taken place in
committee. I only wished him to make a cate-
gorical answer to the question.
Mr. HUGHES. If I had understood that I
was limited to a categorical answer, in the affirm-
ative or negative, I certainly should not have
troubled the House at all.
Mr. GROW. 1 desire to offer the followingas
an amendment to the motion of the gentleman
from Georgia:
Provided, That said committee shall report finally on next
Monday, and tiiat the Doorkeeper sh%ll have the privilege
ot being present duung their sessions.
I wish to say, in explanation of the motion I
have made, that I did not understand whether the
motion of the gentleman fiom Georgia was to raise
a select committee specially for the case or to re-
fer to the select committee already raised upon the
subject; but, at all events, I desire that the com-
mittee, which is to take charge of the matter, shall
allow the Doorkeeper to be present. I understood
the gentleman from Maryland to state that the
Doorkeeper was invited before them, and, there-
fore, 1 have no fault to find with their proceed-
ings. I merely want to provide that he shall be
allowed to be present at the sessions of the com-
mittee which is to take charge of the matter in
future.
Mr. SEWARD. I have little to say about this
case, because the whole thing lies in a nut-shell.
It is made up from the record, and the whole ques-
tion involved in this controversy is one of inten-
tion on the part of the Doorkeeper.
It appears that the book-keeper employed by
Mr. Hackney has charged an excess of one hun-
dred and ninety-eight thousand documents as
being folded, which were never printed, and never
delivered to the Doorkeeper. That fact appears
over the signature of Mr. Hackney himself, and
shows that somewhere there has been perpetrated
a most ojjttageous fraud.
The only singular fact connected with this whole
matter is this: while I give the committee great
credit for their inquiry into this matter, and have
nocomplaint to make against them, there is a most
remarkable and singular fact conncctcd with this
whole transaction, and which ought to be looked
into. It is this: the committee say there are
