80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18.
Mr. SEWARD. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I object to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Banks,
Barksdole, Bennett, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Branch,
Brayton, Bryan, Builingame, Campbell, Case, Caskic,
Chaffee, Ezia Clark, John B. Clark, Chuvson, Clay, Clem-
ens, Ohngman, Clark B. Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Coin-
ins, Cox, James Ciaig, Curry, Curtis, Damroll, Davidson,
Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dewart, Dick, Dimmiok, Dodd, DowdelJ, Durfee,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Fenton, Florence,
Giddings, Gilman, Gilmer, Goodwin, Granger, Greenwood,
Grow, Thomas L. Ilanis, Haskin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill,
Horton, Howard, Jcwctt, Keitt, Kellogg, Kelly, Knapp,
John C. Kunkel, Landy, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Millson, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Freeman II. Morse, Oli-
ver A. Morse, Niblack, Purviance, Quitman, Reagan,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royee, Sandidge, Savage. Scott,
Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, JudsonW. Sherman, Shorter,
Sickle?, Singleton, Robett Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stephens, Stevenson,
Wade, Walbridge, Walton, Ward, Warren, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, ElHhu B. Wasliburnc, Israel Washburn,
WatkinSj Wilson, Augustus R. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—
115.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Anderson, Andrews,
BiHinghuiht, Blair, Bojce, Buflmton, Buinett,Buins, Bur-
roughs, Oobh, Covode, Cragin, Crawfoid, Davis of Indiana,
Dean, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gartrell, Goode, Gregg,
Groesbeek, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Hoard, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huylqr, Jackson,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kilgoie.
Leach, Letter, Letcher, Lovejoy, McQueen, Humphrey
MaishaN, Maynard, Miles, MUlei, Montgomery, Edward
Joy Moi-ik, I<aae N Morris, Mott, Ni^hoN, Ohn, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pike, Potter, Powell,
Ready, Reilly, Ktcaud, Ruftm, Russell, Scales, Sewaid,
Itonry M Shaw, Stanton, James A. Stewart, William
Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor, Mdos Taylor, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Waklron, Whiteley,
Winslow, Woodson, Wortendykc, and John V. Wright—
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the resolution as amended.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed
to.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION FOR NATIONAL ARMORIES.
Mr. FAULKNER.. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report the fol-
lowing resolution:
llcsoirc(I, That! lie communication recently received from
the Sccretaiy of War culling the attention of the House to
a clencal eiror, by winch the appropriation for the support
of the national armories ww omitted iu enrolling the last
Army appiopnation bill, which was laid on the table, be
taken up, and refoired to the Committee on Military Allans.
The resolution was adopted.
TEXAS RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. REAGAN, by unanimous conscnt, pre-
sented certain joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Texas, in relation to the raising
of a regiment of mounted volunteers; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
ARMORY APPROPRIATION AGAIN.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 move to ,
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was \
adopted in reference to the Army appropriation j
bill. 1 want it reconsidered with a view of amend- |
ing the resolution so as to make the Committee j
on Military Affairs call upon the President for the '
special account, which is required bylaw, for the j
appropriations which he has used for this purpose. :
I understand that, by the law of 1809, transfers '
from one source of appropriation to another, m the
same Department, during the recess of Congress,
can, in this Government, alone be made by the
application of the head of that Department to the j
President, and that then the I^resident, upon his i
own responsibility, makes the transfer. In such
case, too, the President is required, by the law, !
to send his special account to Congress, within [
the first week of the session. I desire that the !
President shall be called upon for a statement of j
the means by which he has supplied what was |
neglected to be appropriated at the last session, |
through a clerical error, with a view that we may j
legislate understanding^ on the subject. I hope !
the House will indulge me by a reconsideration
of the vote already taken, so that the call upon
the President, which I indicate, may be attached
to the resolution already adopted. I think it is
proper that this should be done.
I trust that I am understood. It is asserted
that our Clerk, in enrolling the Army appropri-
ation bill near the close of the last Congress,
omitted an appropriation of $370,000, intended
for the manufacture of arms. The national ar-
mory, it is said, would have stopped if the Pres-
ident of the United States had not exerted the
power which was in his hands to draw, for its
use, money from other sources within the reach
of the War Department. We are now asked, as
Congress has met, to reimburse to this appro-
priation that which was intended for it last year.
Now, the law under which the President acted
requires him to send a special account to us, du-
ring the first week of the session, of the moneys
that he has drawn, from what source, and how
he has applied them. I am particular upon this
point, Mr. Speaker, for the reason that 1 am one
of that class of men who have occupied seats
upon this floor, who have attempted to hold Ex-
ecutive action to its proper responsibility in these
matters. I have so acted when my political
friends have been in power, and when those to
whom I have been opposed have been in power;
and if any head of the War Department, or the
head of any other Department of this Govern-
ment, has, without calling on the President, un-
dertaken to appropriate to different objects what
Congress has appropriated for other and specific
objects, then I want to have the President's atten-
tion called to his duty in regard to it, and that
he shall be compelled, under the law, to make
his account to the representatives of the people
within the time fixed.
1 do not say anything at all about the matter
which has been referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs; I only want this other matter to go
with it. We cannot legislate intelligently without
the information which I seek to obtain; for if we
were to appropriate $370,000 again, for the same
object for which we intended the appropriation
last year, it must be plain, inasmuch as the Presi-
dent has drawn $200,000 from other sources, that
we will appropriate $200,000 of a surplus, to that
particular object, while we leave the sources from
which the President has drawn without a proper
supply. Therefore, the President ought to be
called upon to render the account which the law
requires, within a fixed time. Wo will then be
enabled to see whether the Secretary of War, or
those under him, have been applying the public
money without the authority of law. I ask, then,
that the vote by which tlie resolution was adopted
may be reconsidered, in order that I may move
the amendment which I have indicated.
Mr. CURTIS. It seems to me that this mat-
ter will go before the Committee on Military Af-
fairs in a rather informal way. It appears that
the appropriation for the distribution of arms to
the different States was applied to the manufacture
of arms in order to supply an omission occa-
sioned, as gentlemen have it, by a clerical error
at the last session. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, as I understand it, is made
with a view of ascertaining how much money has
been thus supplied. The excuse for the misap-
plication—for it is one in point of fact—is, that
it was necessary to keep the manufacture of arms
going on. This excuse may have been sufficient.
Of course, too, it is coupled with the idea of a I
clerical error. I do not know that this Congress
has the right to correct clerical errors of the last
Congress. It would be just as easy, and a great
deal more regular, to pass an original bill making
an appropriation. I see no reason, therefore,
why it should be made a matter of reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs, although, when
the resolution was up, I voted for it. It seems to
me, however, that the President should be called on
directly for all the facts, and that the better way
for the gentleman from Kentucky to accomplish
his purpose, would be to introduce a resolution
making such a dircct call. I will vote, however,
for the reconsideration, if he adheres to that mo-
tion, in order that iny friend may have an oppor-
tunity to ascertain how much of the fund referred
to has been misapplied.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. As it has
been suggested to me that it would be more re-
spectful to make a direct call on the President by
a resolution of the House, I withdraw my motion
to reconsider, with the view of offering the reso-
lution, on the first opportunity, in proper form.
ISSUE OF TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Has the morning hour
expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, a bill of great
importance was reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means this morning, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. It is known to all of us that the Treas-
ury is almost on the verge of bankruptcy, and it
is of the utmost consequence that that bill should
be* taken up and considered at as early a period
as possible. I therefore move that the rules bo
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman will yield
until I present a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman can pre-
sent his resolution when we come out of com-
mittee.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
in order before the committee was the consider-
ation of the annual message of the President of
the United States.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to postpone the
consideration of the message, in order that we may
reach the bill to authorize the issue of Treasury
notes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON, Has the bill referred to by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] been
printed ?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill was reported
this morning from the Committee of Ways and
Means, and has not been printed. A bill, of
which it is substantially a copy, has, however,
been reported in the other branch of Congress,
and has been printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very anxious that wc
should act speedily upon this bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to dispense with
the first reading of the bill, so that it may be read
by clauses.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is not yet before
the committee. Certain appropriation bills pre-
cede it upon the Calendar.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move topostpone the con-
sideration of all bills which precede the one to
authorize the issue of Treasury notes.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
proceeded to the consideration of the bill to author-
ize the issue of Treasury notes.
The bill was read in exienso; and is as follows:
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Piesidcnt of the United States is hereby authorized to
cause Treamn-j notes foi such sum or sums as the exigencies
of the public seivice may icquiie, but not to exceed, at any
tune, the amount ot twenty millions of dollars, and ot de-
nominations not less than fifty dollars for any such note, to
be prepared, signed, and issued, in the manner hereinafter
piovidea.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That such Treasury
note* shall be paid and redeemed by the United States at
the Treasuiy thereof after the expnation of one year from
tne dates o( said notes; from which dates, until they shall
be respectively paid and redeemed, they shall bear such
late of interest a«? «*hali he expressed in &aid notes, which
rate of interest upon the first issue, which shall not exceed
fix millions ot dollars of such notes, shall be fixed by the
Secretary ol the Treasury, with the approbation of the Pies-
ident, but shall in no ease exceed the late of &ix per centum
pei annum. The residue shall be raised in whole or in part,
after public advertisement of not les«s than thnty days, as
the Secrctaiy of the Treasuiymay diiect, by exchanging
them at their par value for specie to the bidder or bidders
who shall agree to make such exchange at the lowest iate
of mtereft, not exceeding six pei centum, upon the said
notes: Provided, That after the matuiity of any of said
note?, interest thereon shall cease at the expiration of sixty
days' notice of readiness to pay and redeem the same, which
may at any time or times be given by the Secretaiy of the
Tieasury in one or more newspapers published at the seat
of Government. The payment or redemption of said notes
herein piovided shall he made to the lawiul holder* thereof,
respectively, upon piesentment at the Treasury, and shall
include the principal of each note and the interest which
shall be due thereon. And for such payment and redemp-
tion, at the lime or times heiein bpeeihed, the faith of the
United States is hereby solemnly pledged.
Sec. 3. And he it fwther enacted, That such Treasury
