1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
other charges of corrupt arid venal character pre-
ferred against Mr. Hackney, which the commit-
tee conceived it would not be proper to allude to.
Now, sir, is it possible that persons should re-
ceive offices at the hands of the Doorkeeper which
they consider valuable, and yet report to the com-
mittee delinquencies upon his part? Is it possible
this can be so, and they still hold office under
him?
It presents this question whether the rascality
was in the clerk who kept the books and the men
in the folding-room who circumvented the Door-
keeper, or whether they all conspired together to
perpetrate this frauds For it would be an exceed-
ingly strange fact to me that the book-keeper, or
superintendent of the folding-room, or a messen-
ger, or a clerk, should hold an office under the
Doorkeeperfor sixweeks or a month, and should
continue to hold it after all these things were
known to have transpired, and then should report
privately to the committee that the Doorkeeper
was perpetrating a fraud upon the Government,
or the fact that he had domineered over them.
Well, sir, the record has been made up and it
cannot be avoided. Who made that record ? Can
any man in this House believe that the Door-
keeper himself, who was not the book-keeper, who
could by no possibility be present when the doc-
uments were transferred from the office of the
Superintendent of Public Printing to the folding-
room, could keep the account of the books brought
in from day to day, and distributed out among the
folders. I do not know who the book-keeper is,
nor who the messengers are, nor do I care. But
that these transactions have been carried on for
weeks by the subordinates of the Doorkeeper
without his agency or authority, seems impossi-
ble.
There is another fact connected with this mat-
ter, which is important. As stated by the chair-
man of the committee, certain leaves of the origi-
nal aecount-book, which had been detached from
the book, have been found, the entries upon which,
it is said, are in the hand-writing of the clerk.
It is stated that the original entries had been
changed,orcorrectedentrics made in pencil marks.
What I want to know is whether knowledge was
brought home to Mr. Hackney that these leaves
had been torn out by him; whether knowledge
was brought home to him of the exact number of
books broughtinto the folding-room, in order to see
whether the fault was with the clerk; and whether
the Doorkeeper had been circumvented and en-
trapped by-some of his own officers. Unless the
Doorkeeper can show that his confidence m his
subordinates has been abused, and that they had
done this without his knowledge, he must stand
upon the record as guilty of all that has been said
about him. £ want to get at a knowledge of all
these facts. The Doorkeeper could have no per-
sonal knowledge of the number of books folded,
arid he must certify upon information; and I want
to know whether he know that the returns made
to him were not correct.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I will answer
the gentleman. I do not, of course, desire to bring
these facts unnecessarily before the country, or
to scandalize Mr. Hackney; but I can produce
before the House a witness whose character, I
suppose, is well known to the gentleman from
Virginia, (Mr. Faulkner.] He states to the
committee that he was directed by Mr. Hackney
to make out his account for having folded docu-
ments to the amount of $125, and that lie (Mr.
Hackney) would certify and return-it as correct, j
This person was Michael Price, whom Mr. Hack- j
ney requested Mr. Faulkner to bring here, in ;
order that he might make him assistant superin- !
tendentof the document-room. Mr. Price, as an :
honest man, refused to make out a false account ■
of that nature, saying that he had folded no doc- 1
uments, and that he would make out no such ;
charge. He is not a book-folder, but employed,
under the direction of the Speaker, in removing i
old documents from the vaults of the Capitol. I
Mr. SEWARD. I would like to know of the
gentleman from Maryland whether the gentleman :
of whom he speaks notified the Doorkeeper that
the statements upon his books were incorrect, and ,
that his book-keeper was making out false ac- j
counts of the number of documents folded?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I understand
that the superintendent states that he did so in-
form Mr. Hackney.
Mr. SEWARD. Well that is a very indefinite
way of answering the question. " I understand
the gentleman says. I want to know if notice
was brought home to Mr. Hackney by the super-
intendent or the clerk, that these false accounts
were being made out, or that the books were im-
properly kept?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Mr. Hackney
does not deny it.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman is a lawyer,
and knows that when a charge is made againsta
man, he is not bound to deny ituntil he comes to
trial upon the charge. If this gentleman to whom
the member from Maryland refers, has retained
office under the Doorkeeper with a knowledge that
he was perpetrating these frauds, that fact would
very seriously diminish the confidence which
otherwise might be reposed in his statement.
Mr. CLEMENS. I call the gentleman to or-
der. The House is not now engaged in investi-
gating charges against the subordinates of Mr.
Hackney, but against Mr. Hackney himself.
Mr. SEWARD. I am examining the state-
ments of persons to see how they affect Mr. Hack-
ney.
Mr, DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
from Georgia makes an insinuation against a wit-
ness who testified against Mr. Hackney, upon the
ground that he knew of the improper conduct
which is here charged. I ask him on the other
hand, when Mr. Hackney had -been notified re-
peatedly of the conduct of his officers why he did
not remove them, and why he retained them in
office ?
Mr. SEWARD. That is a question I cannot
decide. Many incompetent men are employed
about this Capitol; and one of the misfortunes m
this case is. that the Doorkeeper is incompetent
for the discharge of his duties. I am disposed to
protect him against that weakness, and to ascer-
tain how far he has been surrounded by design-
ing men, who have made him a catspaw for his own
destruction. It may not be very complimentary
to Mr. Hackney to allude to his intelligence; but
certainly he is a most impressible man, liable to
be imposed upon by designing men in whom he
has placed confidence. I have a paper here which
has been sent to me, and which I desire to have
read
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland^ I object. The
gentleman has objected to my having a paper read.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman has aright
to have it read as a part of his speech.
Mr. SEWARD. It is an affidavit signed by
the employes of the Doorkeeper. He is repre-
sented as having domineered over them, and as
having made dishonorable proposals to them.
This is an affidavit in contradiction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman has a right to have it read as a part
of his speech.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to get at the truth of
this matter. I will go 8s far to punish dishonest
men as any man in the House.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I withdraw my
objection.
The paper was read, and is as follows:
District of Columbia, Wushhmfon county, to int:
On tin?; loth day o  Jtfav, before the subscriber, a
justice of the peace m and for the county of W.i-Jnnmon,
in the District of Columbia, personally appear the parties
Mifoaciibinjj hereto, and being severally duly sworn accord-
ing to law, make oath and ?<iy that they are now employed
under ft E>. Haekney. the Doorkeeper of the House of Rep-
resentatives ; and that, in their personal and official mter-
Coui.-e with the said Hackney, thev-have always been
tieated in a gentlemanly and atfahle manner; and further,
that they have never paid over, or been requited or solicited
to pay over, to the said R. B. Hackney, or any other person,
any compensation whatever m consideiation of their re-
ceiving or holding office undei tbe said Hackney :
S. Gridley Hyde,
James D. Hendley,
Israel Brown,
H. H. Clark,
Andrew Bain,
J. S.Boak.
Julius C Waddle,
Jared Dodd,
Daniel Kelly,
Robert R. Jaivis,
H. V. Hunter,
A. B Motion,
Samuel Albuitis,
B S. Schoonover,
J. S. YVeiier,
S. McJunkin,
A. K. ARNOLD, Justice of the Peace.
Mr. SEWARD. I will not detain the House
much longer. I am willing to vote for a brief
James H. Moore,
James Eiurtnett,
A. D. Sinndv,
Thomas J. Dement,
J. W. Seibert,
C. L. McCoull,
Joseph !j Wright,
D. True*deli,
George Murphy, (except
the first month.)
James L. Reily,
Cvms Spangler,
William F. Bell,
James Owner,
Fountain Perry.
postponement of this matter, because if fraud has
been perpetrated, as it unquestionably basemen*
the sooner we get at the parties and punish them,
and get rid of them, the better for the country. But
if the Doorkeper is to be affected by our action, as
he must be, I think we should ascertain whether
he is the guilty party, or whether his confidence
has been abused and himself deceived by his em-
ployes. t . v
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The objection of
the gentleman from Georgia that other parties
may be implicated in this fraud, does not exon-
erate the Doorkeeper from the charges of the com-
mittee; nor does the paper which has been just
read affect in any way these charges. It may be
that black mail has been levied on a portion of the
employes and the subordinates under him, and
not on anoiher portion. Already the committee
that has been appointed has reported him to this
House. The gentleman from Maryland, who
made that report, testifies that Mr. Hackney was
notified of the nature and character of these charges,
and that he failed to purge himself of them, or to
use any efforts for that purpose. Now, sir, after
this report has been submitted, after several days
have been allowed to the Doorkeeper, he comes
in here and asks further time for investigation—
not of the specific charges made by the commit-
tee, but of other charges barely alluded to as
probably existing.
1 then submit to the consideration of the House
whether it is respectful to the-committee which
has made this report, to take the matter out of
their hands and refer it to another committee, or
a special committee, for the purpose of having the
matter reinvestigated? For myself, I see no ne-
cessity for such a course. If these charges are
untrue, Mr. Hackney has, doubtless, informed
some of his friends here of their untruth, and they
may be, or ought to be, authorized to say that
these charges can be disproved. But no member
of the House has made any intimation of the
kind. I look upon the motion which has been
made by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] as intended to delay action. I can say for
myself that I have no desire to do Mr. Hackney,
or any officer, injustice; but we are on the heel
of the session. We have an immense amountof
business to dispose of. If this matter be referred
to a selcct committee, and they be required to
report, another day or two may be consumed in
discussion; and 1 presume that every gentleman
here has made up his mind as to how he will vote.
With a view, therefore, of bringing this matter  
to a speedy determination, and without desiring
to occupy the House with any extended remarks,
or to go into the merits of the question, I move
the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw the previous question, and
I will renew it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I withdraw it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I nowofferthe
following resolution as an amendment for that
| reported by the Committee of Accounts:
I Resolved, That the whole subject be referred to the select
: committee already raided to investigate the accounts ot the
Doorkeeper, and that the Doorkeeper he allowed lo meet
the committee and to examine witnesses
j Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not pro-
pose 
l Mr PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman allow me
1 to make an inquiry, to see if I understand his res-
' olution ? I want to know whether his resolution
contemplates that the proceedings and findings of
; one committee shall bo subject to the investigation
of another ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. No, sir.
Mr. PHILLIPS. That is what I wanted to
understand.
, Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is my inten-
tion and desire that the facts upon which my vote
will be predicated shall be inquired into and re-
: ported upon by some committee,and that my vote
shall not be determined by vague and indefinite
imputations. If it is true that there have been
i gross malpractices and venality on the part of the
, Doorkeeper, I will vote instantly, sir, to expel
i him. My object is not for time, merely tor delay,
; but I want these facts reported to this House. I
! would not blacken the name of any mortal on
• earth, however humble, without the facts upon
I which I vote. I would not consign to infamy this
' Doorkeeper and his family unless he be guilty.
