THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS
OF CONGRESS,
PUBLISHED
BY JOHN C.
RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY,
DECEMBER 21
1857.
New Series No. 6.
notes shall be prepared under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and shall be signed in behalf of the United
States by the Treasurer thereof, and countersigned hy (he
Register of the Treasury. Each of these officers shall keep,
a book or books provided for that purpose,separate, full,
jWid accurate accounts, showing the number, date, amount,
and rate of interest, of each Treasury note signed and coun-
tersigned by them, respectively; and ai&o,similar accounts
phowmg all such notes as may be paid, redeemed, and can-
colcd, as the same may be returned; all which accounts
shall be caiefully preset ved in the Treasury department.
And the Treasurer shall account quarteily for all such
Treasury note& as shall have been countersigned by the
Register and delivered to the Treasurer for issue.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
.the Tteasury is heieby authorized, with the approbation of
the President, to borrow, fiom time to time, fetich sums of
money upon the credit of such notes as the President may
doom expedient: Provided, That no Tieasuiy notes shall
fce pledged, hypothecated, sold, or disposed ot in any way,
for any purpose whatever, either directly or indirectly, for
any sum less than the amoun t of such notes, including the
principal and interest thereof.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That said Treasury
notes shall be transferable, by assignment mdoi^ed thereon
by the person to whose o der the same shall be made pay-
able, accompanied together with the deliveiy ot the notes
so assigned.
1 Sec. 6- Jind be it further enacted. That said Treasury
notes shall be received by the proper ofticeis in pavment
of all duties and taxes laid by the authomy of the United
States, of all public lands sold by said authority, and of all
debts to the United States of any chatacter whatever, which
may be due and payable at the time when said Tieasuiy
notes may be offered m payment thereof; and upon every
such payment credit shall be given for the amount of prin-
cipal and interest due on the note or notes received in pay-
ment on the day when the same shall have been received
by such officer.
Sec. 7. Jind be it farther enacted, That every collector
of the customs, recei ver of public moneys, oi other officer
or agent of the United States, who thall leceive any Tieas-
ury note or notes m payment on account of the United
States, shall take from the holder of such note or notes a
receipt, upon the back of eacii, stating distinctly the date
of such payment and the amount allowed upon such note ;
and every such officer or agent shall keep regular and spe-
cific entries of all Treasuiy notes received in payment,
showing the person from whom received, the number,
flatp, and amount of principal and inteiest allowed on each
and-every Treasury note received in payment; which en-
tries shall be delivered to the Treasury with the Treasury
ttPte or notes mentioned therein, and it found correct,such
officer or agent shall receive credit for the amount, as pro-
vided in the last section of this act.
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
the Tieasury be, and he hereby is, authorized to make and
issue, from time to time, such instructions, rules, and reg-
ulations to the several collectors, receivers, depositaries,
and all others who may be required to tcccivc such Treas-
ury notes in behalf of, and as agent in any capacity for, the
United States, as to the custody, dispo-al, canceling, and
return of any such notes as may be paid to and received by
them, respectively, and as to the accounts and returns to
be made to the Tipa^nry Department of such leccipts. as
he shall deem best calculated to .promote the public con-
venience and security, and to protect the United States as
well as individuals fioin fraud and io^.
Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
"the Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and directed
to cause to be paid the principal and inteiest of such Treas-
ury notes as may be issued under this act at the time and
tunes when, according to its provisions, the same should
be paid. And the said Secretary of the Treasuiy is further
authoiized to purchase said notes at par for the amount of
principal and interest due at the time of the purchase on
such notes. And so muchofanyunappropuated money in
thC-Treasqry as may be necessary for the purpose is heieby
/appropriated to the payment of the principal and interest of
'staid notes.
, Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That in place of such
Treasury notes as may have been paid and redeemed, other
^Treasury notes to the same amount may be issued : Pro-
vided, That the aggregate sum outstanding, under the au-
thority of this act, shall at no time exceed twenty millions
.of dollars.
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That to defray the
expenses of engraving, punting, preparing, and issuing the
Treasury notes heiem aufhorized, the sum of twenty thou-
sand dollars is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any
unappropriated money m the Treasury: Proiided, That no
compensation shall be made to any officer whose salary is
fixed by law for preparing, signing, or issuing Treasury notes.
Sec. 12. Jind he it farther enacted. That if any peison
shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or pro-
cure to be falselv made, forged, or counterfeited, or will-
ingly aid or assist in falsely making, forging, or counterfeit-
ing, any note in imitation of, or purporting to be, a Treasury
wvte, issued as aforesaid, or shall pass, utter, or publish, or
-attempt to pass, utter, or publish as true, auy lalse, forged, or
counterfeited note, purporting to be a Treasuiy note as afore-
.said, knowing the same to bo falsely forged or counterfeited,
or shall pass, utter, or publish as true, any falsely altered
Treasury note, issued as aforesaid, knowing the same to be
falsely altered, every such person shall be deemed and ad-
judged guilty of felony j and being thereof convicted by
due course of law, shall be sentenced to beimpusoned and
"kept at hard labor for a period not less than three years, nor
more than ten years, and to be fined in asum not exceeding
five thousand dollars.
6
Sec. 13. JIni he it further enacted, That if any person
shall make or engiave. or cause or procure to be made or
engraved; or shall have in hie custody and possession any
metallic plate engraved after the similitude of any plate from
which any notes issued as aforesaid shall have been printed,
with intent to use such plate, or cause or sutler the same to
be used in forging or counterfeiting any of the notes issueil
as aforesaid, or shall have in his custody or possession any
blank note or notes engraved and printed after the similitude
of any notes issued as afoiesaid, with intent to use such
blanks, or cause or suffer the same to be used in forging or
counterfeiting any of the notes issued as aforesaid, or shall
have in his custody or possession any paper adapted to the
making of such notes, and similar to the paper upon which
any such notes shall have been issued, with intent to use
such paper, or cause or suffer the same to be used, in forg-
ing or counterfeiting any of the notes issued as aforesaid,
every such person, being thereof convicted by due course
of law, shall be sentenced to be imprisoned and kept at
hard labor for a term not less than three nor more than ten
years, and fined in a sum not exceeding five thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 14. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to cause a statement
to be published monthly of the amount of Treasury notes
issued, and paid and redeemed, under the provisions of this
act, showing the balance outstanding each month.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill having beenread
in externa, it will now be read by sections.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I did not intend
to press this bill to-day in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union (and it was not
on ray motion that the House went into commit-
tee) m consequence of the bill not having been
printed; but if it be the pleasure of the commit-
tee, I will go on with the bill and make my expla-
nation now.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will allow me to say that, inasmuch as the
bill is not printed, I hope its consideration will
not be pressed at this time. The House does not
understand its provisions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask a question
of the chaiiman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. True, the bill has not been printed, and
it is an unusual course to ask the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to vote on
a bill involving important considerations before it
has been put in a condition for the members of
the committee to examine it. But, from the read-
ing of the bill, I am myself satisfied that it con-
forms, in all its substantial parts, to the bills of
like character that have heretofore been passed
and executed. In that view of the case, and in
view of the great exigency of the public service,
we may possibly obviate the difficulties ordinarily
arising in case of bills not being printed, and act
upon it at once. I paid particular attention to the
reading of the bill; and I desire to know of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether I am not correct in saying that this bill
conforms in every important and essential par-
ticular to the Treasury note balls that have been
heretofore passed by Congress, and under which
notes have been heretofore issued:
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The exigencies of
the Government require as prompt and speedy
action on this bill as is practicable. The bill was
not placed in my hands till this morning, when it
was brought before the Committee of Ways and
Means. I was instructed to report the bill, and
did this morning report it. But inasmuch as it
was not printed, and could not possibly be printed
in time, I did not intend to ask the House to go
into Committee of the Whole oil the state of the
Union with a view to take up this or any appro-
priation bill that was not printed so that mem-
bers could refer to it. I am as anxious for as
much expedition as possible. But still, I would
be unwilling to ask to have this bill taken up now
unless the members have, in some way or other,
informed themselves sufficiently as to its merits
to allow me to proceed without any objection
on the ground of its not being printed and ready
for their use. It was not on my motion, there-
fore, that the House resolved itself into the^Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and it is proper that I should give this explana-
tion.
In answer to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] I would say that the bill is very simple
in its provisions, and is quite in conformity with,
■and very similar to,all the bills of the same char-
acter that have been heretofore passed; but still,
I will not press it upon the committee unless mem-
bers are, with a great degree of unanimity, pre-
pared for it. I intend to ask for the privilege'.of
bringing it forward on Monday, by which .time
it will be printed. ,
Mr. CAMPBELL. I had understood from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as well as from other sources, that the
Government desired to have this measure acted
upon speedily. It was intimated by the honor-
able chairsian that on Monday next he would
make an effort to suspend the ruies in order to
put this measure upon its passage; and in,that view
of the matter, I ventured to move that the House
should resolve itself into> the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, believing, not-
withstanding the bill had not been printed, that
its general merits might be discussed; that, in the
mean time, the bill might be printed, and that thus
the proposition which the chairman intimated, he
would make on lyfonday might -be facilitated b,y
some discussion; for I apprehend that this House
is not yet fully prepared to vote on so important
a measure as that of issuing $20,000,000 of Treasr
ury notes, without some discussion. I beg to
make my apology to the honorable chairman if 1
have committed an error in submitting my mo-
tion. If lie is not prepared, on this occasion, to
defend the merits of the bill, if he is not prepared
to explain to the committee its provisions, I will,
with very great pleasure, move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I want to say to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] that
the very last inference he should draw from my
remarks, is that I am not as well prepared now as
I shall be at any time to explain and defend the
provisions of this bill. He certainly labors under
a misapprehension as to the intention of my re-
marks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I beg the gentleman'spar-
don. I meant to insinuate nothing of the kind.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hardly consider
my colleague upon the committee under any ne-
cessity of making a^n apology, because I did not
regard his action iii any other light than that of
kindness upon his part; but I felt it my duty to
state to the committee that, while the exigencies
of the Government required expedition, I did not
wish the committee to suppose that I would pre-
cipitate a measure of such importance as issuing
§20,000,000 of Treasury notes, without giving
them an opportunity to read the bill. If it is the
pleasure of the committee, however, with a tol-
erable degree of unanimity, to proceed with the
consideration and discussion of the bill now, I
am ready to do so.
Mr. BANKS. I have no doubt at all that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is ready to proceed
now. He has had a better opportunity of ex-
amining its provisions, and of satisfying himself
of their correctness, than the rest of us. But, sir,
this is an important measure;' one which should
not be pressed upon us for consideration or dis-
cussion in any form until we have had the time
and opportunity to examine its provisions in
some manner other than from its mere reading at
the Clerk's desk. I think this bill for the issuing
of Treasury notes is not like the Treasuiy Joan
bills which hetve been heretofore passed by Con-
gress, with perhaps one or two exceptions, if
we consider the times in which this measure is
asked to be adopted, and the circumstances under
which the Government is placed, I tlunk there
will be found no precedent—I am not perfectly
certain on this point, but I -think there will be
found no precedent—for the passage of a bill like
this. Certainly, sir, there is no such exigency
of the Government at the present time as tore-
quire the passage of a bill of this important charr
actor at once without, giving time to understand
its provisions and ascertain its merits. The Gov-
ernment are npt now, as heretofore when such
loans' have been negotiated, engaged in war. If
there was an immediate demand for mpney, which
