1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
giving us that information, that the army, then
embracing seventeen companies, has now been
reduced by removal to twelve companies;, leaving
in that department not more than eight hundred
men. In the department of Florida, on that same
May, there were nine hundred and fifty-four men.
It then embraced thirteen or fourteen companies;
but since that time the army there has been re-
duced to less than four hundred men. The de-
partment of Texas embraces a territory which,
by your law, is large enough to make five States.
It is charged with the protection of the Mexican
frontier, and embraces within its limits the most
warlike and hostile tribes of Indians upon the
continent. And yet the whole army that has
been there for several years does not amount to
more than two thousand men. In the department
of New Mexico, which lies entirely surrounded
by Indians—the Mexican Indians on the south,
the Camanches on the east, and the Apaches on
the north—and which we cannot reach in less
than a six weeks' journey, we have eighteen hun-
dred men. Ill the department of the Pacific,
which extends from the Gulf of California to the
British possessions, and where we':could not send
reinforcements in less than three months, the
army that is to defend the honor of our flag and
the interests of our citizens is less than twenty-
five hundred men. While all that great central
tractextending from the Mississippi to the Rocky
Mountains, from Texas to British America, in-
cluding the whole Territory of Utah, is intrusted
to the guardianship of about forty-six hundred
men.
Let me, for a moment, recapitulate. To defend
the whole frontier of the country from Maine to
New Orleans; from New Orleans, along the Mex-
ican frontier, to the Pacific coast; and thenee to
Puget Sound—more than ten thousand miles—
you have an army of less than six thousand men;
while, for the purpose of protecting that vast in-
terior country, you have an army of less than
seven thousand.
I had supposed that our Army was in a state of
profound repose, and that the troops in the West
would stagnate in their posts for want of exercise.
It was a most egregious mistake. The territory
of the United States lying west of the Mississippi
river contains more than two million square miles.
It is greater than France, Spain, Italy, Holland,
England, and all the German States. It is subject
to peculiar dangers, danger from the character of
the climate, danger from the character of the
country, danger from the paucity of provisions,
from the scarcity of water, from the wide and bar-
ren region over which emigrants must travel. It
is clotted with military and trading posts, inter-
sected with emigrant routes and iiuiil routes, sub-
ject to be overwhelmed by the ordinary pressure of
these extiaordinary dangers. And yet if you will
concentrate within it the whole Army of the Uni-
ted States, leaving not a drummer boy east of the
Mississippi river, you would not have a force
there in the proportion of one man to every hun-
dred and fifty square miles, a territory nearly twice
as large as the District of Columbia ever was.
Sir, we are told by competent authority that the
Army of the United States, of fifteen thousand
men, performs more service than any army of a
hundred thousand that the world has ever seen.
The country that it protects is larger than all Eu-
rope together. Marches are made longer than all
the marches of the armies of Napoleon. Look
at the report of the Adjutant General; and you
will see that, in the last year, three divisions of
troops were to have crossed the continent; one
from the Pacific to Fort Leavenworth, construct-
ing a military road on their way; another from
Kort Leavenworth back to the Pacific; and a third
from Fort Laramie, by the South Pass, to Cali-
fornia. Look at the general orders that accom-
pany the report of the General-in-Chief, and you
will see an account of a march of three hundred
and fifty miles in seven days, in pursuit of In-
dians—marches at the rateof eighty miles a day;
and that, too, while the men were three days with-
out water, and lived on coffee and rice. Look at
the report of the march of Colonel Sumner last
summer, and you will find that, after the 18th of
May, he marched eighteen hundred and fifty miles,
and'tiansl'crrod his army, without the least repose
to men or horses, to the army of Utah, to com-
mence a six weeks'journey to Fort Scott.
Look at the report of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, and you will see that last year you paid more
than two million nine hundred thousand dollars
for the transportation of troops, and that that sum
will be infinitely increased for this year, and that
you will not be able to diminish the cost the sub-
sequent year.
Look, again, at the losses of the Army of the
United States, and you will .find that it lost last
year six thousand m,en—two thousand nine hun-
dred beingfromdesertion,and the rest from deaths
and discharges. Look at all these circumstances,
and tell me whether you do not overtax the energy
and courage of our Army, and whether you do
justice to them or to yourselves, when you com-
mit these gigantic interests to powers so inade-
quate ? And if these things do not convince you,
I point to the smoldering villages of the West;
to the bleached bones of murdered pioneers; to
the trails of emigrants, marked with white and
red, the ashes and blood of Indian depredations:
I point to your army, fifteen hundred strong, shut
up in the mountains of Utah, cut off from succor
and supplies, in the face of a legion of ten thou-
sand armed men.
Now, why should not the Army be increased?
I think the necessity is apparent.
One gentleman tells us that the increase would
be too expensive. Now, an official document,
which was used in the discussion of this subject
in the other end of the Cfapitol, tells us that every
regiment of infrantry costs $308,000; and the
expenses of five regiments of infantry would be
#1,500,000.
Mr. CURTIS. That document is shown to be
erroneous. The annual cost of the Army of the
United States is about §19,000,000, which would
make the average cost of each of the nineteen re-
giments just about $1,000,000; and that has been
so for the last forty or fifty years.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am aware that the ex-
penses. of the military department of the United
States have gone as high as the gentleman says.
I am aware that we have nineteen regiments, and
thatthe military expenses of the Government have
been nearly nineteen million dollars. But! am yet
to learn that there are not included in that sum
many expenses which do not extend to every regi-
ment of the Army. The expenses of fortifications,
of the ordnance department, of the various depart-
ments of the military service of the Government
are included in it, and these expenses would not
be in any degree increased by the addition of men.
If gentlemen will take up the official report, they
will see that the expense of the Army is increased
comparatively little in proportion to the increase
of men, and that you may add one or three thou-
sand men without enhancing in any considerable
degree the cost of the Army. Now §1,500,000 is
a large sum of money. This is no time to expend
such a sum unnecessarily. This is no time for ex-
travagance. But §1,500,000 is not more than we
appropriate every year to the expenses of this le-
gislative body. $1,500,000 is the sum that you
have appropriated to build the dome of this Capi-
tol; $1,500,000 is about the expense of the Japan
expedition; §1,500,000 will not cover the cost of
printing the three books to which the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr, LetcherI alluded the other
day, and I say that although the expense may be
great, if an increase in the Army is necessary,
neither the practice nor precedents of the Govern-
ment will justify us in refusing to incur it.
Another gentleman, my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] said he could not vote for an increase
of the Army, or that he would object to an in-
crease of tlie Army, because troops have been
used as a posse comitatus in Kansas. Sir, I will
have no quarrel with my friend about terms. I
do not believe it is in the power of the President
to use the regular Army as a posse comitatus. The
right to use the Army begins where the power of j
the posse ceases. The power to use the troops of j
the United States is regulated by law, and the law I
gives the President power to use the troops in the 1
execution of the laws of the United States in all |
those cases in which he might call upon the mill- j
tia. Fie has the right to call upon the militia when- !
ever combinations exist sufficiently formidable to
obstruct the judicial process under the power of ;
the marshal. My friend from Ohio makes no dif- '
ficulty about the construction of that law. He has ,
read it as a lawyer, and understands it. It is plain '
in giving the President power to use the regular :
troops in all those cases in which it is proper to t
call out the militia. But the gentleman says that
law is unconstitutional;that he can.find no warrant
for it in the Constitution, either in that portion
which makes the President Commander-in-Chief,
or in that provision which says the PresidentkhaU
see that the laws shall be faithfully executed.
Sir, I do not find the power in either of these
clauses, bat 1 find in the Constitution power given
to Congress to raise and support an army, and' I
take it for granted thatthe right to raise and sup-
port an army includes the power to dispose of tt,
and to use it for all proper and legitimate purposes
for which an army may be used. But admitting
thatthe power" to raise and support" implies the
power to control the Army, the gentleman tells
us that the power is limited by another clause in
the Constitution, which provides that Congress
shall have power to call out the militia for* cer-
tain purposes, and that the expression of the
power to,call out the militia in those cases excludes
the power to accomplish the same objects by any
other means. Sir, that construction will not do.
It is not a grammatical construction of the clause.
That clause contains a limitation upon the right
of Congress to call out the militia for any other
purpose than those expressed there. It implies
no limitation upon the power of Congress to ac-
complish the same object by other means.
The argument of the gentleman would prove
too much. He says you cannot call upon the
Army to execute the laws of the United States
because the Constitution has conferred upon Con-
gress the power to call out the militia for that pur-
pose. I would ask my colleague if thesame con-
struction of the same clause would not prevent
Congress from using the regular Army under any
circumstances for repelling invasion. The Con-
stitution says that Congress may call out the
militia to suppress insurrection, to repel invasion,
and to execute the laws. The gentleman says that
because the Constitution confers the power upon
Congress to call out the militia forthose purposes,
it cannot use the regular Army for the same pur-
poses. Then, according to that construction, the
Congress of the United States cannot repel inva-
sion by our regular Army. I know the gentle-
man will not be led to that conclusion.
I say, then, that the President of the United
States has power to use the Army in certain speci-
fied cases; and I am not prepared to say that such
a case has not arisen in the Territory of Kansas.
I know the President, in his discretion, thought
it had arisen. I know the Governor whom he
sent there thought it had arisen. I know the re-
sult of their use there has been good. Not one
drop of blood has been shed. No man has been
interfered with in the enjoyment of his civil rights;
and for the first time in the history of that Terri-
tory, the two political parties have met at an elec-
tion upon an issue joined, and have conducted it
peacefully.
Another gentleman tells us that he objects to
the use of an army because he is dissatisfied with
the condition of affairs in Utah. Sir, 1 make no
question with him upon that point. I have not
read the voluminous papers which have been sent
us on that subject; but I am prepared to say from
the examination which I have been able to make,
that, in my opinion, much of the difficulty in that
Territory has arisen from the character and con-
duct of the officers who have been sent there; that,
if other men, pursuing a different line of conduct,
had been sent as Federal officers, the position of
the Mormonstoward the Government would have
been different.
But that is not now the question. The Presi-
dent, in the exercise of his undoubted authority,
has seen fit to remove certain officers from that
Territory, and has appointed others in their places.
He has, in the exercise of a like undoubted au-
thority, erected Utah into a military department
of the Government, and sent the troops there. The
people, led on by their Governor and legislative
body, have refused to these newly-appointed of-
ficers admittance to the Territory. They hare
; refused admittance to the troops; they laugh when
> you talk of the allegiance due to the Government
j of the United States.
j Sir, it is a case of flagrant rebellion; and the rec-
I ommendation made to us by the President in his
1 annua! message was the suggestion of a humane,
j as well as a wise policy—the recommendation that
j while we should go there with the olive branch in
i one hand, imploring them to return to the aliegi-
