THE :€O-N#MgSi0MAk GLOBE.
May 17.
=What I want is the facts. I listened to the speech
of the honorable member from Maryland ivith a
great deal of interest. He claimed for his com-
mittee that they had shown great leniency toward
the Doorkeeper. That was the purport of hisar-
fuinent. Now, in all kindness, I must say to
im, t;hat_he and I take very different views upon
.this subject. There is an insinuation, an impu-
tation of malpractices, of gross corruption, and'
venality, on the part of the Doorkeeper. Well, I
say that it was due to the Doorkeeper that the
•facts upon which that imputation is based should
have been reported to the House, in order that
the House might know upon what the committee
founded that imputation.
One of the charges which the committee has
brought forward is, that the Doorkeeper has ap-
pointed more employes than he had any right to
do. Well, the committee do not inform us whether
even that be true. They have given us no fact,
no evidence, no proof. They have merely given
us their opinion. Now, sir, I hold that commit-
tee in as high esteem as any gentleman upon this
"floor ought to do; but I think that the facts, the
proof, the evidence, the testimony, should have
been reported to this House, to let us judge of it.
The committee, in this very report, use this lan-
guage:
" Notwithstanding this expiess limitation of his author-
ity and power, the Doorkeeper, it Uhelievei, !iu~: issued In-',
appointments to Unity or more persons who claim compen-
sation for their seivices as messengeis of the House.v
The committee say that it it believed that he has
done this; and that is the grave charge upon which
the Doorkeeper is to be dismissed! That is the.
whole of it. Well, now, I happen to know, as a
member upon this floor, and not otherwise, for I
have not even inquired of the Doorkeeper, though
1 presented his paper hereto-day, how many em-
ployes he has, and I also know that the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason,] when he was
chairman of the Committee of Accounts, pre-
sented a report here, in which the committee rec-
ommended an increase of the present number of
officers. Now, it may be true that the Door-
keeper, whilst awaiting the action of the House
fixing the number of his employes, has tempora-
rily employed some persons.
The committee say that he claims that there is
a necessity for an increase of Ins force. Might
he not do this, and yet not be a culprit' Why,
sir, what did this House do ? Why did not yon
act when Mr. Mason made that report to the
« House, proposing to fix the number of employes
by law? Where is the negligence? It is on the
part of the members of this House, 111 Mending
that report to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It is now there unacted upon.
Might not the Doorkeeper well suppose that the
House would authorize him to employ the num-
ber which he thought necessary ? Well, sir, have
any of these persons been paid > The committee
say expressly that their names have not been put
upon the pay-roll. Is this a charge of delinquency
and corruption which calls upon this House to
expel the Doorkeeper; especially, sir, when, in
the report of the committee, therc«re intimations
of something even too dark to be inquired into ?
I say, lift the curtuin. Let me see it. Let this
House see it. Let me see the evidence of this
venality. It is due to Hackney; it is due to his
family; it is due to all who are to suffer after him.
If the charge be true, I shall vote to expel him
But doth your law condemn a man until he is heard?
1 never have done, and never will do it. Nor would
I kick a man out upon such charges as those spe-
cified ill the report, while another grave charge is
behind. It is before a select committee. I will
await the report of that committee. I will not
even prejudge the case. I do not know what their
report will be. So far as I am concerned, I am for
letting Mr. Hackney have the indulgence which
he asked for in the paper which I piesented this
morning.
Now, what is the other charge? The firstjs
that he has appointed too many persons to office.
Why did not the committee give us the evidence
of that? We know nothing except what is con-
tained in this paper, and 1 say that, most of the
statements in it are incorrect in point of fact. So
far as the charge of having appointed too many
persons to office is concerned, I do not, in the ex-
isting state of facts in this House, consider tlmt
an act of corruption. It is known to the House
that there is a proposition now pending before the
House, reported by the Committee of Accounts,
to increase the number of employes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think it is a
clear usurpation on the part of the Doorkeeper,
\yhich this House ought not to tolerate. We
have referred-this question of an increase in the
number of officers to the Committee of the Whole
for examination, and, in the absence of any action
by the committee, Mr. Hackney has taken the
responsibility upon himself to determine for the
committee and the House how many persons
shall be employed, and has made the appoint-
ments, and incurred this heavy expense. .
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If Mr. Hack-
ney had used the co*tingent fund of the House
to pay these employes, without the authority of
this House, I should have censured him, and
might have voted to expel him for it; but the com-
mittee do not report that he has done any such
thing. The committee say, in their report, that
these employes wait upon the grace of the House
for (heir pay. But if Mr. Hackney had done any
such thing, while I would nojt approve it, I would
not expel him on that account.
Mr. LE1TER. I propose toask the attention of
the gentleman from Georgia to the last paragraph
of the second page of the report of the committee,
where direct charges are made by the committee
upon their responsibility. And they are made
not only in that paragraph, but in the preceding
paragraph,charging him with incompetency and
with making false returns.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I was coming
to that part of the report. The gentleman from
Maryland said that what they had reported was
a mutter of record, and that the records show that
the returns of the Doorkeeper were false, and that
they state that fact upon their responsibility. But
it is apparent to the House that Mr. Hackney did
not make out those returns. They wore made
out by the book-keeper, who was a subordinate
in the folding-room. Well, sir, suppose it was
false. Suppose the return was incorrectly made,
the committee does not undertake to say that Mr.
Hackney made it. If the superintendent of the
folding-room has made incorrect or corrupt en tries,
the Doorkeeper should remove him, and I have
no doubt would. But it was said that Mr. Hack-
ney had returned a certain number of documents
folded, and that the Superintendent of Public
Printing had returned another number as deliv-
ered: and the gentleman from Maryland got right
up and said the number reported as returned by
the Superintendent of Public Printing was a mis-
take. He says the number ought to have been
one hundred and twenty-two thousand, and that
the number reported was thirty or forty thousand
too much.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. The gentleman
misapprehended me. Perhaps I may have been
unfortunate,as I often am, in makmgmyself clear
to the apprehension ofallgentlemen. The account
stated by the Clerk was made out, redlieing the
number of documents to the standard of the folding-
room, of octavo volumes. By that computation
the number, as stated by the Clerk, was a credit
of one hundred and twenty-two thousand. But
the actual number of volumes sent to the folding-
room, including the quartos, was less than that
stated.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That was ex-
actly the way I understood the gentleman. In
other words, the entry, as it here stands, needs
explanation. And yet this explanation of errors
| otherwise, I understand, Mr.' Hackney has not
i been permitted to make. I understand the gen-
i tleman from Maryland that he holds him to the
I record.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. If the entire amount
originally entered for folding had been paid, who
would have been the beneficiary, the Doorkeeper
or the subordinates who did the work?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I do not-know.
Mr ZOLLICOFFER. Under the law, would
I the Doorkeeper or the folder receive the pay ?
!. Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. The person to
' whom the work was credited.
!. Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. My purpose was to
!| obtain this information: when the amount re-
;! ported by the Doorkeeper was presented, to whom
!; would the money be paid—to the Doorkeper or
j the folder ?
:: Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. It would be
paid to the parties whose names were returned by
.the Doorkeeper.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. By whom would the
money be paid ?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. By the disburs-
ing clerk, I suppose, and to the folders.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Does the Doorkeeper
draw the money from the Treasury to pay his
employes K
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. No, sir; they
are paid by the chief clerk of the House.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. How was it possible
for the Doorkeeper to put the money into his
pocket ?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I have already
explained that the persons drew the money who
were returned as having done the work; but my
information is, that Mr. Hackney has received
part of the money paid by the Cleik to some of
his subordinates.
Mr. SINGLETON. I would like to ask, for
my own satisfaction, whether there is any proof
that Mr. Hackney was privy to this'matter?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am informed
that there is not the slightest evidence before the
committee implicating Mr, Hackney in anything
connected with these false entries upon the books.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to inquire
if those clerks who made the entries have been
discharged ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I know noth-
ing about it.
Mr. COX. The officers who have charge of
the books are the first two who were upon the
list read, certifying to the fairness of Mr. Hack-
ney's conduct. I wish to state to the gentleman
from Georgia that thesuperintendentof the fold-
ing-room has no control whatever over these of-
ficers, and is in no way connected with them. I
make this statement in justice to the superintend-
ent of the folding-room.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Very well; I
do not admit that to be material atall in this stage
of the proceedings. I take the position that there
is no evidence reported. I want the committee to
give me all the facts of the case, and show that
llackneyjs in any way connected with it. It may
be that these were mistakes. I do not know how
it is. The committee have received no explana-
tion from anybody, so far as they have reported.
We areallliable to mistakes,and these clerks may
have committed errors. If they have made mis-
takes, or if they have acted corruptly, and Mr.
Hackney did not receive the money arising from
it, of course he ought not to be held guilty. What
I want is investigation. The gentleman from
Maryland intimated that Mr. Hackney received
the money. Well, let us have the evidence m the
case, and if that is shown, there is not a man in
this House 'that would vote to expel him sooner
than I would.
' The gentleman had read a letter addressed by
one of his employes to Mr. Hackney. I think
the committee ought to have called \v itnesses, and
confronted Mr. Hackney with that man, and in-
vestigated it thoroughly, before they allowed this
Parthian shaft to be directed at Mr. Hackney
through a committee of this House. I would have
investigated it. If it be true that Mr. Hackney
has received from any one of his subordinates,
whether folders, pages, messengers, or his clerks
in the folding-'room, a single dime to put it into
his own pocket, I want to know the fact; and if
it is established by legal proof, you shall have my
vote to exrtel him instantly.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I should be glad to see
some further investigation into the details con-
nected with these charges than has yet taken place;
and I shall be willing to vote for that investiga-
tion, if I can be assured that it is not to result in
interminable delay, or in postponing it.
Mi. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will accept
the amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, requiring the committee to report
in one week.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. That will be satisfac-
tory to me.
Mr. COMINS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Georgiaaquestion. I wish to know whether,
if this subject is postponed one week, this officer
is to remain in full possession of his office, and
in the full control and possession of the books,
accounts, and patronage of his office during that
time ?
