82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
could not.bo obtained by the Gpvernment in the
regular manner, i certainty would be the last man
to interpose objection to the immediate consider-
ation of the bill. I trust, however, that, under
the circumstances, the gentleman fiom Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. J.Glancy Jones) will not insist upon
the consideration of the bill at this time.
Mr. RITCHIE. If my colleague will allow
me, I will suggest another reason why the con-
sideration of this bill should be postponed for some
days, until wc can have an opportunity of exam-
ining it. It has not been more than six weeks
since the Secretary of the Treasury was in the
market purchasing up claims against the United
States, and paying $130 for every #100 of debt.
Sir, for one, I want some opportunity of exam-
ining the facts presented, an(4 ascertaining the rea-
son why we are now called upon to issue Treas-
ury notos within six weeks of the time that debts,
not due yet for some years, have been purchased
by the Treasury Department at thirty per cent,
premium. Some gentleman suggests that the
Treasury paid only sixteen per cent, premium.
Be that as it may, \ know they have paid a large
premium. J repeat, that this has been done
within six weeks, or two months at furthest, and
I can see nothing which has occurred which
should precipitate upon us the necessity of the
adoption of so extraordinary a measure at this
time—on Friday afternoon, at the close of the
second week of the session. We have had no
such indication in the House previously, during
these two weeks of the session which have al-
ready elapsed The President scarcely alluded
to the subject in his annual message, and I re-
peat, again, that it seems most extraordinary to
me, that the Secretary of the Treasury should find
himself under the necessity of pressing this im-
portant measure upon us within six or eight weeks
after the purchase of claims against the Govern-
ment to a large amount, which, under the law, he
was not required to redeem for years; and espe-
cially when that measure of relief is the issue of
paper money, which I had supposed was the
horror of the Democratic party.
Mr. GROW. 1 concur in opinion with my
colleague, [Mr. J. Glancy Jones,] if I understood
him correctly in the impropriety of pressing this
bill upon tho consideration of the committee at
this time unless by unanimous consent. I do not
regard it as a bill of so little consequence as to war-
rant us in going on to legislate upon it without
knowing what is in it. Itiaa bill which proposes,
in the exigency m which the country is now
placed, to issue $20,000,000 of Treasury notes—
of paper currency—the effect of which will be to
keep the com in the vaults of the misers who have
hoarded it there, and which have brought these
troubles upon the country. Sir, this crisis has
not been precipitated upon us because there was
not gold and silver enough in the country. It is
because the coin has been hoarded up in the vaults
of misers, and the country compelled to use paper
currency as its circulating medium. Sir, for one
[ am not prepared further to embarrass the trade
of the country by adding to the cause which has
produced it, by increasing the circulation of paper
currency, and thereby keeping the coin which
lias been hoarded from general circulation.
Now, sir, £ hope my colleague will not press
this bill to-day, not even for discussion, for, as
suggested by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] how are we to discuss it without
understanding' its contents?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to ask my
colleague who is upon the floor, as well as my
colleague who spoke before him, [Mr. Ritchie,]
whether it is their intention to discuss the merits
of the bill, upon a question t® postpone its con-
sideration? I do not desire to consider the bill at
this time, and have so announced to the com-
mittee; but I would suggest to gentlemen, if they
desire that the committee shall rise, and that the
subject be postponed until some future day for
consideration, whether it is fair upon that ques-
tion to go into a discussion upon the merits of the
bill ? F
Mr. GROW. I will say in answer to my
colleague, that it is not my desire to discuss the
bill at the present time. My only object was to
call the attention of the committee to the import-
ance of the subject before us. 1 hope my col-
league will move that the committee rise, and that
we shall not proceed to the consideration of this
subject until we have had time and opportunity
of examining and of understanding it.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 am glad to see any evi-
dence of improvement in the way of legislation;
and nothing has afforded me more satisfaction
than the remarks of the gentleman who has just
taken his seat. I recollect that at the last Con-
gress that gentleman was in the habit of report-
ing bills, and then, by calling the previous ques-
tion, forcing us to vote upon them Without any
opportunity of explanation or debate, even bills
of great importance, relating to the organization
and general management of the Territories of the
United States.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman allow me
one word ? - .
Mr. LETCHER. Oh certainly, anything the
gentleman pleases.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Virginia will
recollect that I reported no bill during the last
Congress, upon which I called upon the House to
act, until it had been printed ana before us for at
least ten days.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will recollect, that while ho reported his
| bills and had them printed, he took particular
! pains to call the previous question, and cut off all
: opportunity of examination by debate. Now,
' sir, what was the use of printing a bill if you had
I no opportunity of expressing an opinion about
i what was printed ? What was the use of print-
: ing a bill of twenty sections and then excluding
! every memberfrom all debate upon every one of
| those twenty sections? It seems to me that the
j gentleman over the way is making considerable
I progress, and I congratulate him, and congratu-
j late the House upon it.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to allow me just a single word, to relieve
myself from the charge of inconsistency which
he seems disposed to make in reference to my con-
duct. I ask the gentleman from Virginia to point
to a single bill reported by me upon which the
House was called to act without discussion, unless
it related to a subject which had been discussed
more or lessinCongressand throughout the coun-
try for months. I suppose the gentleman refers
to the Kansas bills ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir.
Mr. GROW. Well,sir, the gentleman knows
that the subject of those bills had been discusscd
in the House and in the country for the last four
years.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman will recollect
another thing which occurred in the last Congress.
There were bills reported by the Land Committee,
at that session, which we were forced to vote
upon without their ever having been printed. We
had no opportunity to see them, either in manu-
script or in print, and we were called upon here to
vote upon thpra; and we actually did vote, under
! the gag of the previous question, sonic twenty
j million acres of the public land. It seems that
we shall probably have nothing of this sort in the
present Congress; that those gentlemen will unite
with us; that we will not only have our bills print-
! ed, but we will have them referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and that he, and all others
who are disposed to assail those bills, will have
abundant opportunity to do so, before they are
called upon to pass judgment, in the shape of ay
or no, upon them. With this view, I move that
the committee rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Piielps
icported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly House bill No. 4, to authorize the
issue of Treasury notes, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
to submit a resolution
Mr. BANKS, i call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. RITCHIE moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to, there being on a division—ayes 75, 1
noes 115. " j
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask leave to introduce a bill j
granting pensions to the officers and soldiers of *
the war with Great Britain, in 1812, and those
engaged in Indian wars during that peiiod,, of
whicn previous notice has been given; thatitmay
be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BANKS. I insist on the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. Reports from committees
are in order.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. KE1TT. I am instructed, sir, by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to sub-
mit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be authorized to employ n clerk during the session,
or daring such poition ot' it as they may deem llts services
neces&arv, at the usual rate of compensation.
I wish to state in this connection, Mr. Speaker,
that I have been on that committee for years.
We had no clerk; but the increase of business
before that committee renders it necessary that
we should now have one. I understand from the
officers of the Capitol extension that the steps of
the new building will be thrown to some consid-
erable distance into the square in the rear of the
Capitol, and that it will be necessary for us, in
consequence, to enlarge the grounds very consid-
erably. The late chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, in the Senate,
informed me that he had given an order, which 1
believe has not yet been executed, to make proper
surveys and explorations for that purpose. We
have before us, also, the question of the necessity
of new buildings for the Department of State,
for the War and for the Wavy Departments. We
desire to put the House in possession of all the
facts. We desire that not only all the estimates
shall be spread before the House, but also all the
, information which can be procured to enable the
I House to judge properly to what extent it will
go. This will throw upon the committee, which
consists only of five members, and is one of the
smallest of the standing committees, a great deal
of work. We want the clerk only for the time
that his services may be necessary to facilitate
the business before us.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. In regard
to this committee, for which my friend is so
anxious to procuie a clerk, I will say that I had
the pleasure of serving on it with him, for two
years, and that, in my opinion, any clerk in five
minutes can do all the business that will come
before it during the session. [Laughter.]
Mr. KEITT. In reply, I have only to say,
that if the gentleman is correct, the committee
will not employ a clerk. I pledge myself that the
clerk shall not be employed unless his services be
necessary, and no longer than they are necessary.
Mr. FLORENCE.^ I do not desire to embarrass
, the resolution of the'gentleman from South Caro-
j lina, but a sense of duty, sir, to the committee of
; which I am a member, and indeed of duty to tho
' country, compels me to ask that a clerk for the
Committee on Invalid Pensions may also be pro-
vided for. It will be impossible for the members
of that committee faithfully to discharge their
duties unless a clerk is given to them. As a
matter of economy it is better that the files of ap-
plications which incumber the table and cases of
that committee should be examined and disposed
of at once. There are applications there which,
if permitted to remain without investigation and
report, will some day come here and draw outof
the treasury millions of dollars. They ought all
to be examined when the evidence is fresh. It
is the desire of the committee that this shall be
done, and that all the claims which are groundless
shall be brought here promptly, and by the House
immediately consigned to the " tomb of the
Capulets." I wish that the table of the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions may be cleared, and kept
cleared, and that the Treasury may be saved from
the efforts made to plunder it. We want to per-
form our whole duty and nothing else. I hope
to be an active member of that committee, and
that in the discharge of our duties we may be
assisted by the appointment of a clerk, whose
services are necessary to us. Let this committee
be treated as other committees are.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. If there is any pros-
pect that this resolution will be adopted, i desire
that it shall be amended so as to fix the compen-
sation of these clerks. , It provides, now, that
they shall receive " the u<iual compensation." I
