130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—hccomplon Constitution—Sir. Crittenden.
Senate.
of which she may be justly proud. I know the i
valor, the prowess, the intrepidity, and the lofty j
patriotism of her sons. I know, too, that, like \
my friend's, her devotion to the Union is deep |
and abiding. I have sometimes feared that her :
danger was that she might " love, not wisely, but
too welt;" that her worship of it bordered on idol-
atry. Yet for all this, she will maintain her just
and equal rights in the Confederacy; and if these
shackles are again put upon her stalwart limbs;
if she is deprived of those rights restored to her
by the repeal of the Missouri restriction; if she
shall be degraded from herhi^h position of equal-
ity in this Union, no State will feel more keenly,
or resist more firmly this great wrong, than Keu-!
tucky. Nor will the anguish of her great heart j
be lessened by the consciousness that the fatal
blow is struck by one of her own beloved and cher- j
ished sons. j
" Keen [will be] pangs, bur keener far to feel, j
She nursed the passion which impelled the steel." !
Mr. President, there is another test of the na- j
tionality of this policy, to which I would, for a i
few moments, invite your attention. JN"ot alone j
in theSouth, whose interests are mainly and more I
immediately affected by it, but throughout the |
non-slaveholding States, from the Atlantic to the :
Pacific, its supporters are to be found, men who, j
rising superioMo local and sectional prejudices I
and passions and influences, brave, dare all for :
the public weal. ^ |
At the head of this noble column of patriots j
stands the President of the Republic. Having j
reached, by the voice of his countrymen, the loft- j
lest pinnacle of honorable ambition, at once the !
reward and testimonial of a long, able, bullkmi, I
and patriotic career in the service of his country, |
surely none can doubt the disinterestedness of his j
counsels, or the purity of his motives. His sands :
of life have nearly run out. At home and abroad,
in the Cabinet and in the Senate, he has won un-,
fading laurels forhimself and shed luster over the ;
annals of his country. I-Jis political record is ;
made up; it is submitted to the future, to time,
and to truth; full of years and of honors iie can ;
now only seek to make a record that shall stand ,
the scrutiny of the Judge of all the e.uth. Look- '
ing at this question at his lofty eminence, above :
the clouds and passions which obscure the mental
vision of the active combatants, he supports this ,
great policy which 1 have reviewed, and decides
this measure to be wise, just, and necessary to j
the peace of the Republic, By his aide stands
another venerable patriot from the same section of
the Union, who has passed the ordinary period of
life allotted to man; one whose life has been pa-
triotically devoted to the service of the countiy, to
the practice of viitue, and the pursuit of tiuth.
He, too, gave his voice and his vote against tho
Missouri ie«triction, and gives his support to the
measure before us. Connecticut mid Pennsylvania
supply two otherable, upright,and distinguished
sons in the Cabinet to enhuge this patriot band
and to vindicate these measures.
Many of the truest, firmest, and most able de-
fenders of this policy are to be found on this floor
and in the other House, among the representa-
tives of the northern Democracy. Shoulder to
shoulder with ourst Ives have these noble patriots
struggled through long years against the rage and
fanaticism of the common enemies of equality m
tho Terntoi ies and the independence of the States.
From (he beginning of this contlict, with unswerv-
ing devotion to their convictions, to the right,
they have struggled on, defying prejudice, pas-
sion, and the torrents of defamation with which
they have been assailed. A large majority of the
northern Democracy in Congress voted'to strike
this restriction from the statute-book, and thus
restore the rights of their southern brethren.
Their enemies tauntingly point out to them daily
tho wrecks and rums of the political hopes of their
comrades, who have fallen in this gteat constitu-
tional battle. Every wave of tins fanaticism, to
arrest which they have thrown themselves with
such heroic and patriotic virtue into the breach,
sweeps away some of them. Others will share the
same fate; yet the noble remnant are undismayed.
StawJing for tho right, upholding the Constitu-
tion, fher present a spectacle of moral suMivmty
which challenges the admiration of friend and foe,
and has-no parallel m rncient or modern tiiaei.
This is true heroism. It deserves a monument
more durable than brass. While some of their
comrades have fallen honorably in the contest,
others less fortunate have deserted and swelled
the advancing hosts of the enemy, and left the
lessened band to bear the brunt of tins great con-
test. Their intrepidity, their courage, their pa-
triotic devotion to their principles have risen with
the occasion. Every increase of danger has been
met with a sturdier, a more defiant courage. They
have thrown their banner on the outer walls; and,
neither chagrined by treachery, nor disheartened
by desertion, nor overawed by numbers, they
display a magnanimity and courage as great as j
; the occasion, as prolonged as the conflict. Ail
honor to this noble band of patriots!
; Mr. CRITTENDEN. I propose to-occupy a
i few moments to correct a mistake which I believe
! is rendered necessary by the remarks of my friend
I from Georgia. X have listened to him with great
! pleasure, and have cause to thank him for much
| that he has said.
j I knew, sir, that Mr. Clay was not the author
i of the Missouri compromise; I knew that he did
! not draw the bill; but I knew, from his own dec-
larations in conversation and in his speeches, that
he did approve and concur in the passage of the
bill. He gave it his sanction. He thought there
was nothing unconstitutional in it. I have been
brought up in the opinion that it was not only con-
stitutional, butone of the most beneficial acts that
had ever been passed by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States; that it had produced more ofgood than
all the tantf laws or all the revenue laws that had
ever been passed. It produced you,sir,arevcnue
of peace and good will among the people of the
United States, and that is above all tariffs. What-
ever other sanctions it may have failed in the
names of the great men who supported it at that
date, it has received abundantly from the people
; of the United States for the thirty-odd years it re-
; mnmed upon the statute-book, and for that num-
ber of yeais, in respect to the territory which it
i embraced, it gave us peace. It was for that I val-
| ued it, and for nothing else.
I This opinion was adopted by me more than
i thuty yrms ago, perhaps without much cxamin-
; atiou; it had oYown up as aiixed fact in my mind
I that that compromise formed one of the most ben-
| efieial acts of legislation that it was ever the good
j fortune of this Congress to pass. I have often,
j falling for a tune into that common error to which
! the gentleman has alluded, and ascribing it to Mr.
I Clay,as lu great author, rather than to any mere
actual manual part he had in the work, extolled
him for it; and, as I said yesterday, it was one
of the claims in the opinions of the people which
entitled him to the noble denomination of pacifica-
tor of his countiy. Sir, I have not been able to
castaway that impression. I admit the Supreme
Court to be the great arbiter, as the gentleman
claims; and while 1 differ from it, I do not the less
admit its constitutional and sovereign power in
  all the matteis that come within its jurisdiction,
and the chances are that anyone is in the wrong
; who differs with it. I admit all that; but yet there
are some things we cannot yield up. Our own
; convictions wo cannot yield. We may obey, and
"yet disbelieve. I entertain the opinion now, that
1 have entertained for forty years—I am sorry to
; give so long a date to it. Since the passage of
j the Missouri compromise act, (not quite forty
; years ago,) 1 h ivc always thought it was a c.on-
1 stitutional and beneficial one. ButI acknowledge
j the duty of obedience and submission to the decis-
j ions of the Supreme Court of the United States,
j I acknowledge that its decision, within the prov-
i mee the Constitution has assigned to it, is just as
| conclusive na your decision and mine within the
| limits to which we are confined.
; My friend has said that I seem disposed to give
, no confidence whatever to the action of any of the
• Territorial Legislatures of Kansas, until they full
j into the hands of the Black Republicans. Cer-
: tainly he cannot suppose that that furnishes any
| ground of particular favor or attachment in my
i mind. I considered it merely as the Legislature of
't the Territory, the actual Legislature. How its
members may be divided in politics I do not know,
I nor do I care; nor was it at all material for my
! purpose. It is enough for me that it is the Legis-
' iature of the Territory, and that it appointed a vote
to be taken upon this constitution on the 4th of
January. The vote was taken, and the result was
as reported to us. I have heard nothing to im-
peach that vote, nor any single fact alleged against
it. Tho result of it was a majority of ten thou-
sandagainst the constitution. Certainly, those
ten thousand have, at least, as good aright to be
claimed against it, as the six thousand returned
as having- voted on the 21st of December have to
be counted in favor of it. That was my object.
It was to show that there was a majority against
this instrument; and, assuming all this action to
! be equally legitimate, the members of the conven-
tion had no more right to order a vote to be taken
by the people on any part of the constitution, it
seems to me, than the Territorial Legislature had
to order an election to be taken on the whole con-
stitution. Both proceeded from organized, rec-
ognized bodies, one the Legislature, the other the
convention. When, therefore, the common ap-
peal is made to us and the constitution is brought
before us, it seems to me that we ought equally
to take into consideration both these facts. Fur-
thermore, I adverted to the evidence going to show
that,from the six thousand in favor of the consti-
tution, there were many spurious and fraudulent
votes to be deducted.
Mr. President, I acknowledge that, forms are
not only useful, but in many cases necessary. I
agree that if, at an election, two thirds of the peo-
ple stay away from mere apathy or negligence,
the votes of those who do act and do vote must
be effectual and must control. I agree, also, thi-t
the return is a necessary form, and that the re-
vision of that return is subject only to the partic-
ular authority appointed for it, and when that i>i
done there is an end of the case, there being no
further tribunal to whom we can appeal; but I
supposed and argued that, when this constitution
was presented before us, the supreme power,
now called upon to recognize the validity of thes-*
acts, called upon to recognize what was the will
of the people in respect to them, we have a right
to look to all the evidence, as well to that which
is furnished in form, as to that winch impeaches
the formal papers on the ground of fraud.
1 have spoken on these conclusions, and I shall
act on them in voting against the acceptance of
this Lecompton constitution. My friend, I have
nodoubtin perfect sincerity, regrets that my con-
clusions have forced me to this course; but i have
followed my conclusions, and I mean to do my
duty as I understand it.
Mr. President, I am not wanting, I think, in
those feelings of our nature which connect us with
our neighbors. Although we have a common coun-
try to look to, and ought to have a common patri-
otism which would embrace the whole, our natural
affections and our natural feelings bind us with
those with whom we are more immediately associ-
ated; to whom we are more nearly assimilated in
manners, customs, and institutions—ay, peculiar
institutions. I am not wantingin these sympathies;
but what is my duty, as one belonging to a panic •
ular section, by his nativity and by his residence
—what is my duty when a great question of this
sort comes up? What is my duty to those neigh-
bors to whom, by natural sympathies and affec-
tions, I am most bound ? Is it not my. duty, in this
House of our common councils, to give the best
counsel and advice lean; or am I to inquire whether
this is to be regarded as a sectional question, and
follow whatever course is indicated by a majority
of its sectional members ? Is it not rather my duty
to my friends to give them the best counsel I can?
; 1 want to see the South, for instance—to apply
this matter to her—always right. How am I to
accomplish that? By advising always what my
best judgment thinks is right, and by endeavoring
to prevail upon her to take that course. Is not that
ji my duty? Is not that my duty to my common
jj country? and more especially is it not my duty
j; to those with whom circumstances more neaily
ji connect me? I have done that. I should have
been gratified if the South had taken the same
view of this subject that I have. I am sure she
would have lost nothing by it. The question of
slavery is not in the case. I think there is not
one gentleman here who entertains the hope that
Kansas can ever be really aslave State. If it be,
it must only befor a little moment—a little, fe-
verish moment—filled up with strife and angry
