1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
35th Cong.... 1st Ses
Kansas—Lecompt&n Constitution—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
controversy. No gentleman here believes it will
really and permanently be a slave State. There
is nothing, then, to be gained by the South, as I
regard the subject. The element of slavery is
only thrown in for the purpose of arousing feeling
on the one side or the other. It is no real element
in the question before us, because no man has any
hope that Kansas will be-a slave State. We learn
that from every source. The hope of it was dis-
claimed before the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
passed; that view is now turned into conviction
by all that has occurred since; and there is no-
body who deceives himself so much, or would
deceive the South so much, as to tell her that
Kansas will be made a slave State by the adop-
tion of this constitution, except, it may be, for
that miserable and feverish period to which I have
alluded, and which would be filled up in a strug-
gle that could serve only to exasperate parties,
and make the contest there more fierce than it has
been.
If the South .could have taken the view of the
case which I have taken, it seems to me it would
have been better for her. Then she would say,
" the South scorns to take advantage of the little
circumstances that might enable her to press her
claims upon a reluctant and unwilling people—
press the claim to impose slavery against their
will; we snatch at no such accidental advantages;
we see that the question is determined partly by
climate, and more certainly and decisively by the
majority of the people; the determination has been
against slavery; we stand up in our justice, and
in our honor always untarnished, and constitut-
ing our great strength as Commonwealths and
States; and we say we will make no strife about
it." If this clement of slavet y could be dischaiged
out of the case, put out of our minds, put out of
our debates, and we could look at this question
singly, with an eye to the fairness of the instru-
ment before us, and to the evidence which leads
to the issue whether it is or is not the will of the
people, I think there is none here who would be
willing to give his sanction even for a moment to
an instrument the existence of which, in respect
to its fairness, was at all questioned.
"Why need we of the South be impatient and
anxious to hasten the admission of Kansas into
the Union ? Whatever constitution you put upon
them now will not last; but you will have two
Senators immediately from there. Should the
South be in a hurry to have two more such Sen-
ators here as you would now get from there? But
these are small matters. If ihe South could view
this subject as I do, if they couid have looked
at this constitution, and the circumstances from
which it had its origin, and those which attend
it, as I do, they would have acted the very part
which I have indicated; they wouid take no ig-
noble advantage; they would occupy no ignoble
position of standing upon little points and nice
estoppels. No, sir, the South would say—it is
in her character, in her spirit, to say so—we go
upon great principles, and we go for the truth.
Occupying that position, the South would have
stood where I have been proud so often to look
upon her, and regard her as standing.
Sir, gentlemen of the South who differ with
me, misunderstand me very much if they sup-
pose that it is my purpose by these rfemarks, in
any degree or in any way to impugn the integrity
of feeling and motive by which they are now ac-
tuated. They view this question differently from
me, and their coursc is made to conform to their
convictions. I have performed my duty as one
of the Senators belonging to the same section; I
have given my opinion and my advice, and whether
that advice be regarded or disregarded, I cannot
be accountable for the result. I have given you
the reasons why I have taken the course which I
have indicated. Whatever course others choose to
take, I hope it may turn out contrary to any anti-
cipation of mine, to be most beneficial and most
advantageous to the great interests of the peopleof
the United States. I lament, only, that the course
which I have indicated, and which I am pursuing,
is not that which a different view of tins subject
would have led every Senator from the southern
States of this Union to pursue. I think it would
Le ihe proudest and the noblest position for the
South to occupy. She has no truer or more faith-
ful son than I am. I can desert nobody, for lam
enlisted under nobody. I am here the Senator of
the State of Kentucky. I came here with the pur-
pose, not of acting the character of a party man,
or a partisan. I thought 1 had grown old enough
to rid myself of the misconceptions and the preju-
dices that belong to the partisan; and my pride
and ambition, when taking my seat here, were
that I should now be able to act rather the part of
the patriot than the partisan. I am a true son of
the South, and I am a true citizen of the United
States, one and all, inseparable and indivisible,
now and forever. That is what I am. But what-
ever fate may betide this or that measure as to
the South, no man wishes her better. May the
sun shine forever upon her head, and prosperity
fill all her borders. The duty which I owe to her,
and to my common country, I intend to perform
in no pride, in no feeling of affectation, in no feel-
ing of superiority of judgment—God forbid—but
simply because 1 believe it to be my duty to the
South and my duty to the whole country and to
my own integrity and my own convictions.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, it is my misfor-
tune to be obliged to address the Senate at this late
hour of the day, upon a subject of so much im-
portance, or not at all. After the speech of the
honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
I shall be compelled to trespass longer upon the
indulgence of the Senate than I had hoped would
be necessary. He has made issues, he has stated
facts, he has promulgated doctrincs and argu-
ments from his seat in the Senate to-day, which
no man can pass unnoticed who takes the views
I do of this question. He says, in substance,
that it is a question of union or disunion; it is no
sectional question, but one which concerns the
whole country—the North as well as the South,
lie has proclaimed to the Senate that he has esti-
mated the value of the Union, and that, upun a
proper occasion, ho is ready to state that value.
With him it is a myth, a false idol; and he fears
that the State of Kentucky, which my honorable
and eloquent friend [Mr. Crittenden] so well
represents, has worshiped and loved, not wisely
but too well. He has brought the question to a
point—an issue which it becomes us all to pon-
der. I have been fearful that there were such
calculations as he has suggested, founded on the
possible result of this question; but I had before
no cvidcnce ofit. It was onlyavague dread, an
impression resting on my mind; but now we must
meet it as an admitted fact. It is now placed be-
fore us openly, boldly, directly; and therefore I
feel called upon to notice it in every aspect to
which he has pointed.
1 do not mean to go into an estimate of the value
of the Union, norofthe consequences which would
flow from its destruction; but I mean to go into
an investigation of the question before the Sen-
ate—the proposition to admit Kansas into the
Union under the Lecompton constitution—to show
that the rejection of this measure would not be
a fit pretext to be adopted by the South for the
purpose of leading to that final issue to which the
Senator from Georgia has alluded. It concerns
not only the Senate, but the whole country, to
look at this question in a different light from that
in which the honorable Senatorfrom Georgia has
presented it. I am tempted by these considera-
tions to depart ftom any regular course of argu-
ment, such as I had prescribed for myself, in
order to notice at the outset some of his most un-
founded statements in regard to the true facts of
the case. I do not mean any personal disrespect
to the honorable Senator: I do not mean to say
that he has willfully presented a false view of the
case; but many of his statements of fact are wholly
unfounded.
I propose to go back to the original organiza-
tion of the territorial government m Kansas—a
part of the history of the Tenitoiy which I had
intended to pass over, with a summary statement
only of such facts—undisputed facts—as might
be found chronicled in the public journals, with-
out going" into any minute investigation of them:
but I now feel compelled to look more carefully 1
into all the details of the subject, by the exigen-
cies and importance of the question, by the de- ;
mands which I consider the country has on every ■
man having a seat here, to be well in fonne d upon
every material point connected with the subjpet.
Like the honorable Senatorfrom Kentucky, I do 1
not mean to refer to the organization of the terri-
torial government in Kansas for the purpose of
justifying the party who have opposed that gov-
ernment, for I mean to become the partisan of
neither side of this controversy. I have consid-
ered from the very origin of these difficulties—the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act—that there
has been more of party interest and necessity than
of any possible good to the country connected
with this whole movement; and when I say this,
I do not mean to impugn the motives of the hon-
orable Senators who disclaim any such party in-
terests. They may be unconscious of them. I
therefore give them credit for their disclaimer.
I shall not at this time enter into a full state-
ment of the facts connected with the election of
members to the first Territorial Legislature, which
took place in 1855, or with the armed intrusion
of the people of the western borders of Missouri
into Kansas, at that election. The Senator from
Georgia says that the statements which have been
made on this subject are entitled to no credit. He
ridicules them so far as they are made on the au-
thority of individuals engaged in that invasion,
as it has been called, as the idle boasts of vain-
glorious individuals. I admit that, as a general
rule, little credit is to be attached to such state-
ments; but I will lay before the Senate some facts
that are founded upon that sort of record which
the honorable Senator says will last as long as
society lasts. I shall refer to authentic, well-con-
firmed facts, proved at the time of their occur-
rence by cotemporary evidence—testimony taken
by men of credit and good character. I refer, in
this particular case, to the investigations of mem-
bers of Congress, and of both sides in politics,
commissioned and authorized to investigate.
Now, what are the most material and promi-
nent facts connected with the election in 1655?
I may possibly go into a fuller statement of the
circumstances of that election before I close my
remarks. A census was taken under a provis-
ion of the organic law of Kansas one mouth be-
fore that election, and the returns showed that
there were twenty-nine hundred and three quali-
fied voters then in the Territory of Kansas. The
election came on, and six thousand three hun-
dred and seven votes were polled, as appeared
from the poll-books. Of the twenty-nine hun-
dred and three returned on the census list, only
eight hundred and nmcty-ei^ht voted. Where
were the remainder of the twenty-nine hundred
and odd reported in the census returns? As the
honorable Senator from Kentucky hns spoken of
interviews he has had with gentlemen connected
with this transaction, I will tell what i have
learned from similar sources. I understand that
the census returns were, in part, made out in the
i border countics of Missouri; and it appears from
i an examination of the poll-books, that two tliou-
| sand persons, and upwards, whose names were
i on the census lists did not vote m the election.
'We cannot draw any certain inference whether
| the two thousand who did not vote were free-
1 State men who were driven from the polls, or how
i otherwise. I only state the simple fact, that but
about nine hundred of them voted. The argument
on the other side is-, that of the twenty-nine hun-
1 dred persons whose names weie on the census re-
turns, seventeen hundred were emigrants from the
southern States,and but twelve hundred from the
free States. Wc do not know what proportion
of the nine hundred who voted were free-State
j men from the northern States, or what portion
; came from the southern Stntes: nor is it mate rinl
1 to decide that question, for only about one third
of the whole voted. The honorable Senator has
spoken of intrinsic evidence; he has appealed to
■ what he considers the monumental record that
is to last as long as society lasts. I appeal to
it, too.
Mr. TOOMiJS. Do I understand my fiieml to
say that of the twenty-nine hundred voters re-
corded on the eensvis only nine hundred voted r
Mr. BELL. s-r.
Mr. TOOMBS. I assure my friend he is mis-
taken, for my friend from Vermont [Mr. Colla-
mer] said in his report that six thousand voted.
His complaint w;.s ;h.<t th«*y doubled.
Mr. Bi^LL. 1 see that my friend from Geor-
gia does not understand the question at all, and I
was utterly astonished when I heard him in his
