84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
have been complaining of in the administration
of the last Congress. Now, let us set an exam-
ple. Let us try to reduce these expenditures,
and then probably we will have less reason to
complain of the officers of the House, of one grade
or another, who are merely the agents of the
House to carry out its will.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, moved the
previous question.
Mr. BISHOP. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
Mi\ WALBRTDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion, so that the States maybe called
for resolutions. There are many members who
want to present resolutions. The list can be
called in less than twenty minutes.
The motion to adjourn was withdrawn.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
in order was the call of committees.
The list of standing committees having been
called,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (at two o'clock
and fifty-five minutes.) I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have a report to
make from a select committee.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
select committees.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am instructed to
ofterthe following resolution for the consideration
of the House:
Resolved, That the ffrleot committee of foven, "to in-
quire In 10 the laws m relation to tUo printing lor tine House
o{ Ilopie« fMuative<s, the piiees p:ii<| theivfoi, and tlio dutu h
of the I'ublic Pi inter, and to repoit upon huch eliaiim;*. ot
inipiovemeiits therein as they may deem advisable," be
also directed to impute into the puees paid lor the binding
ofC<m«rt\-.s,and the Javv« regulating the same ; and I hat they
be atao dni'i'tcd to make the same inquiries jnto the puces
paid foi engraving and paper lor the pimtmc of Confess,
and al*o for the publication, binding, Sec., of the Conces-
sional Globe ; and that the said committee he direrti'd to
lepoi t upon' all of these subjects m the inannei pointed out
by the resolution of the House of December 9, ib.w.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was then adopted.
ENABLING ACT FOR KANSAS.
Mr. BANKS, under the call of States for res-
olutions, &c., introduced, in pursuance to pre-
vious notice, a bill to authorize the people of the
Territory of Kansas to form a constitution and
State government preparatory to their admission
into the Union with nil the rights of (lie original
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote re-
ferring and ordering the bill to be printed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. LETCHER. Before the vote is taken on
laying the motion to reconsider on the table, I
want to know if this bill has been ordered to be
printed >
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me that is very
unusual.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the vote may be taken
upon the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the gen-
tleman from Tennessee will withdraw his objec-
tion to the printing of this bill. The committee
■want it printed for their own convenience. I see
no objection to having it printed, and I hope the
^°AT man withdraw all objection to it.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. It has never been
the practice of the House, and I think it is wrong
to do it. The propter time to order a bill to be
printed is after the committee have examined it
and reported it back to the House. If it is printed
now, and the committee report it back with only
one amendment, it will have to be printed again.
I do not think it is a proper course to pursue, and
I demand the yeas and nays upon laying the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentle-
man will recollect that, in the last Congress, sev-
eral of the Kansas bills were ordered to be printed
when they were originally introduced.
Mr. GROW. Every one of them.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. That has not been
the usual practice; and I think it is a very bad
practice.
Mr. GROW. I recollect that at least two of
those bills were printed when they were referred
to the Committee on Territories during the last
Congress; and I think that, where the bills are
important, the practice is a good one. It facili-
tates the action of the committee, and the expense
is a mere trifle.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. If asingle amend-
ment is made, they will have to be printed again
when they are reported back to the House.
Mr. BANKS. If the House will allow me a
single word: it is perfectly true, as the gentle-
man says, that it is not customary to print bills
at this stage of proceedings; but the House cer-
tainly has the power to order it to be printed.
The bill is one of sufficient importance, in my
judgment, to justify the House in the exercise of
its discretion to give the order to print. I trust
that the bill will be printed.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then laid on the
table.
MASSACHUSETTS RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CHAFFEE presented the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Massachusetts,
relative to the claims of that State against the
General Government, for militia services during
the last war with Great Britain.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
same State, respecting Hayti and Liberia; which
were laid 011 the table,and ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. W ASTJBURN, of Maine, moved that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
r' eUNGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. That motion has been made and rejected
once to-day, and 1 submit that it is not in"order
to renew it. The question was settled in the last
Congress, 011 my appeal, by the House, that,
where a motion had once been made to adjourn
over and rejected, it was not in order to renew it
during the same day.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair believes the ques-
tion has been settled both ways. He will enter-
tain the motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The only decisions ever
made by the House are such as I have referred
to. Two decisions were made at the same Con-
gress^; one upon my motion, and the other, after
the Kansas-Nebiaska bill was passed, on the mo-
tion of the gentleman fiom Virginia, who hoped
that the House would reverse its former decision.
But the House adhered to it. I think it is right.
I know no decision of the House changing it,
though the practice was different before.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
practice, so far as he remembers, has been uni-
form and consistent, with perhaps a single ex-
ception. The Chair entertains the motion of the
gentleman from Maine, that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet 011 Monday next.
Mr. KEITT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Alessrs. Keitt and
Buffinton were appointed.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative, the tellers having reported—aves
73, noes 94. 3
So the House refused to adjourn over.
MEMBERS' COMPENSATION.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, introduced the
following joint resolution, of which previous
notice had been given:
Resolved hy the Senate and Haute of Representatives of
the United btates of America in Congress assembled. That
the compensation allowed to members of Congress, by the
act entitled " An act to regulate the compensation of mem-
bers of Congicss," approved August 16,1856. he paid in the
following manner, to wit: On the fir&t day of the first ses-
sion ot each Confess, or as soon thereafter as he may apply,
each Senator, Representative, and Delegate, shaU 1 eceive his
mileage as now provided by law, and all hi* compensation,
from the beginning of his term, to be computed at the rate of
$•250 per month* and during the session compensation at the
same rate. And on the first day of the second, or any sub-
sequent session. he shall receive his mileage, as now allowed
by law, and all compensation which has aceiued duiing the
adjournment, at the late aforesaid, and during said session
compensation per month q>t the same rate.
And be it further resolved, That so much of the said act
approved August 16,1856, as conflicts with this joint res-
olution, and postpones the payment of paid compensation
until the close of each session, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I call for the
previous question on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Is it in order to
move that this resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous ques-
tion having been called.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
New York to modify his resolution in one par-
ticular. It says that, " to each Senator, Repre-
sentative, and Delegate, shall be paid, on the first
day of the first session of each Congress, or as
soon as they apply," and I am apprehensive that
that would apply to a member who had not made
his appearance and discharged his duties at the
commencement of a session. Let it be, that
members who are in attendance may draw their
money.
Mr. TAYLOR. I accept the modification.
Mr. BURNETT. The members' compensation
bill already provides for absentees, and this res-
olution does not interfere with it in that respect.
The modification is, therefore, unnecessary.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays on ordering the resolution to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and, being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GROW demanded the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. MORGAN called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved that
the vote by which the joint resolution was passed
be reconsidered; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BENNETT. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and demand the previous question upon it:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message and
accompanying documents as refer to the subject of a na-
tional railroad fiom the -Mississippi vatlev to the Pacific
ocean, be referred to a select committee of , to be ap- •
pointed by the Speaker, and that it shall be the dutv of said
committee to take into considciation all such petitions and
matteis lotating to the constiuetion of loads, railroad*., or
telegraph fines to the Pacific ocean, as shall be referred to
them by the House.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. That resolution cannot he in order,
because the President's message is not in the pos-
session of the House. The message has been
referred to the _ Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and there is no way in which
we can now get at it, or any part of it, except by
having it reported back, or by discharging the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from so much of it as relates to this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion of order is well taken by the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. BENNETT. I will then modify my res-
olution by striking out that part of it which re-
lates to the President's message, and will simply
provide for the appointment of a committee on
this subject. My resolution will then read;
Resolved, That a select committee of be appointed by
the Speaker to takeihtoconsideration all sueh petitions and
matters ielating to the construction of roads, railroads, or
telegraph lines to the Pacific ocean, as sliall be referred t®
them by the House,
