2194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
elicit the facts. Did not Mr. Hackney state dis-
tinctly to the committee that this matter was un-
der the charge of his subordinates, and that, per-
sonally, he knew nothing about it?
Mr. LO VEJOY. I must insist upon my point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the interrogatories of the gentleman from Georgia
are not exactly iff the nature of personal expla-
nation.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Very welj, sir.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Will the gentle-
man from Maryland indulge me for one moment?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. It will teike me
off from the'subject upon which the gentleman
from Georgia has just interrogated me.
The SPEAKER. Thegentjeman from Illinois
objects to any interruptions except for personal
explanation.
Mr. -TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I wish merely
to say one word. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn.
Mr. LOYEJOY. No, sir, I must insist on it.
We are wasting time here to the detriment of the
public business.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. It may be true,
and perhaps it is true, that Mr. Hackncy did say
to the committee that he knew nothing about the
accounts of the folding-room, but at the same time,
with the inconsistency that always accompanies
falsehood, he pretended to give explanations. He
said he knew nothing about it, yet he volunteered
to make explanations; and I have said to the
House before, and say now to the gentleman from
Georgia, that the more explanations he gave the
more apparent became the inconsistency.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am anxious to ask one
question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I must object.
Mr. KELLOGG. If my colleague will hear
die question, 1 am sure lm will not object. I de-
sire to know if there is any evidence 
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I did not hear
the gentleman's question, or I would have an-
swered it cheerfully.
Mr. KELLOGG. My question is whether
there is any evidence 
Mr. ED1E. I object.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. It is apparent
that I must necessarily be very incoherent in my
remarks. The continuity ofmy thoughts is broken
up, and I do not know that I mak#. myself Hear
to gentlemen. The fault, I think, is not mine.
It m to be attributed to the frequent in ten options
which I have suffered. The gentleman from
Georgia, upon those great principles which are
not only common to the body of the common law,
but to the hearts of all good men, claims some
hearing for the accused. I hope I am as willing
and as ready, on all occasions, to extend that per-
sonal indulgence to any man who may have
grave charges brought against him. But in this
instance it does seem to me that the gentleman
from Georgia has signally misplaced his sympa-
thies. These subjects are so much matteis of
notoriety that you might as well require me to
prove the day of the month, or the hour of the
day; and they are so well understood by the mem-
bers of this House that it seems to me that I am
engaged unnecessarily in bringing home to their
convictions facts which are not denied, and can-
not be denied, whatever delay the House may sec
proper to accord to Mr. Hackney.
I come now to answer the inquiries of the gen-
tleman fiom Alabama [Mr. Houston] in refer-
ence to the number of the Doorkeeper's employes
exceeding the number allowed by law, and al-
lowed by the Committee of Accounts. Under the
bill reported by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mason,] the numberofemnloyos allowed to
the Doorkeeper was iifty-four, jnclud nig the pages.
Under the bill reported by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Searing,] the number allowed
was fifty-three; and the llouse will remember that
it was stated, yt the tune that report was handed
in, that the bill had been drawn aftci consulting
Mr. Hackney, and was perfectly satisfactory to
him. But notwithstanding the fact that neither
of these hills allowed a greater aggregate numb' r
than iifty-four persons, Mr. Hackney hc>s him-
self reported to the House that ho has ninety-two
persons m his employment. "What other evi-
dence do gentlemen want to prov  to them thai he
is exceeding his authority, exceeding the number
allowed him by law, and exceeding the number
allowed him by the bill reported from the Com-
mittee of Accounts heretofore? It seems to me
so clear, Mr. Speaker, that I cannot stultify the
understanding of the House by dwelling any
longer upon this part of the subject.
I was disposed to believe, from the Outset, sir,
that Mr. Hackncy was influenced m this strange
conduct by the easy good nature of his disposi-
tion, or, as the committee have stated in their re-
port, by his incompetency, or want of that de-
cision of character and firmness which his position
required. The committee believed so from the
beginning, and were, therefore, unwilling to pur-
sue him any further than their strict duty required;
and if 1 have said anything this morning respect-
ing Mr. Hackney that seems harsh, it has been
brought on by himself and those who seem to be
his advocates here, in challenging proof of other
matters, which the committee have done nothing
more than barely allude t©, as being already the
subject of investigation by a select committee of
the House, who have proper authority to exam-
ine witnesses. The Committee of Accounts did
not examine into the charges alluded to in their
report—and I say it in exculpation of them—be-
cause they had no authority, under the rules of
the House, to summon witnesses and swear them;
and I, for one, was unwilling to take proof and re-
port it here—placing it on record officially against
a man—unless it could be done in a judicial man- j
ncr. i
1 hope the gentleman from Alabama is answered. :
But, feir, I deny that the committee were bound i
to investigate these charges of venality and cor- .
ruption against the Doorkeeper. They had no j
authority to do so. It would not have come with- '
in the scope of their duty if they had. They !
would have been exposed to more severe censure j
than has already been indulged in by the gentle- ;
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] And 1 must
be permitted to say that the comments of the gen-
tleman were both unnecessary and unwarranted
by the rules of proceeding in this body. I am, '
for one, not disposed to submit to them, come .
from what quarter they may.
Now, sir, to the charge—for I desire to confine ;
myself solely and exclusively to the subject-mat- ,
ter in the report. Why is delay asked for? Has |
not delay been granted him ? Has he not been be- |
fore the select committee for the last three months
with his witnesses, where these subjects have
been investigated ? If he has any defense to make,
ht him make u before that tribunal which has
aheady been constituted to investigate these mat-
ter:-!. Why raise another committee? If the
e hai^es of venality and corruption are not substan- J
hated, and the select committee appointed to try j
the charges of venality and corruption standing '
againsthim,elearhim, itmay then,perhaps, with ,
some propriety, be construed into a censuring of ;
the Committee of Accounts for alluding to these ;
charges in general terms. The committee brought i
it io the knowledge of Mr. Hackney that these ■
accounts had been falsified. It is their duty sim- [
ply to audit and pass upon the accounts that ate
presented for their inspection. But if the House j
retains in its employ a principal officer, who is j
in the habit of certifying to false returns, and the j
Committee of Accounts are to pass upon those j
returns, permit mo to say that the whole power of ;
this body cannot impose upon me the duty of sit-
ting upon that committee to audit such accounts,
and direct them to be paid out of the contingent
fund.
I will not speak of other charges, known to
almost every member, whieh have been brought
against the Doorkeeper. It is an unpleasant sub-
ject to me. I do not desire to prolong this dis-
cussion further; but I will say in conclusion, that
[ think the country expects it of the House to
summarily dispose of this oiliccr without doLiv.
11^ has had all the time necessary to prepare his
defense. But, instead of preparing any defense, or
making any issue before the House m reference
to the truth of the allegations, he merely asks for
fuither delay. Were that not unreasonable, I
should he disposed to extend it to him. Out be-
lieving it unreasonable, the committee have in-
sti noted mo to jnsist upon the disposal of the
lesolution as they have reported if.
Mr, FAULKNER. I groaily deplore the con-
dition of this busings not only on account of
Mr. Hackney, but on account of his estimable
and excellent family. I think the motion of the
gentleman from Georgia should prevail, and that
the subject should be referred to the select com-
mittee now engaged in investigating charges
against Mr. Hackney. I will vote for that refer-
ence. But to proceed with the inquiry which I
! propose to make of the gentleman from Maryland.
If the Committee of Accounts had limited their
report to the charges strictly within their juris-
diction, J should feel fully prepared to act upon
the resolution submitted by them; but I desire to
know from him whether the adoption of his res-
olution might not be construed as indorsing cer-
tain charges of malpractice and venality which
are alluded to in his report, but of which we havo
no evidence, and of which it does not appear the
Committee of Accounts have had any evidence
before them ?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I can only say
that the gentleman must judge for himself. If he
thinks this House is not'competent to discharge
its duty, in reference to the conduct of its Door-
keeper, without further investigation, he must
vote for the reference. I am convinced myself of
the facts stated in the report of the committee, and
shall vote against the reference. I shall vote for
his instant expulsion; not because I am disposed
to condemn him upon grounds of venality and
corruption, but because 1 think- the fact of bin
! utter incompetency has been fully proven; and to
: delay the matter is to embarrass" the business of
: the Committee of Accounts and of the House.
; Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman has not
! met the full point of my inquiry. I distinguish
j between these matters which are within the juris-
> diction of the Committee of Accounts, which they
, have fully investigated, and upon which they
have made their report, and these indefinite allu-
sions to malpractice and venality, which that com-
, mittee have not investigated, and of which thev
exhibit no proof. These charges are before a
1 select committee, and upon which no report has
i yet been made. I think justice requires, since
, the Committee of Accounts have indorsed these
1 chaiges of malpractice, that we should wait until
' next Monday, when a ieport may be expected
j from the select committee on these specific charges.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Mary land. I must do Mr.
• Hackney the justice to say that I do not condemn
; him in that respect, however strong the rumors
i may be against him.
| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will further
! modify my resolution by adding, " and that the
! committee have leave to sit during the sessions of
I the House."
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Would it be in order
' to move to amend the proposition of the gentle-
J man from Georgia?
j The SPEAKER. It would not, the main ques-
; tion having been ordered to be put.
; The question recurring on the amendment of
j Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, it was put, and the
: amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution icported by the committee,
! Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
i yeas and nays.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
j The question was then taken; and it was de-
j cided in the affirmative—yeas 142, nays 33; as
j follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Admin, AIM, Anderson, An-
i drews, Arnold. Atkins, Averv, Barksdale, Bennett, fiin?-
| ham, Bi.'iu, Bliss. Bocock. Bowie, Bianch, Buffinton, tttii-
, Innjame, Ca«e, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezia Clark, John 13.
| Oiaik, Clav, Clemens, Cobb, John Cochiane, Cockesiii,
! Collav, Comms, Orajzin, Jainc.* Craisr, Burton Craev,
I Orawloid, Cuiry, Daimcii, Davidson, Davis of Maryland,
D.ivi 5 of Indiana, Davis ot Mi-s-i-Mppi, Dawes, Dean, Di^k,
j Dimmi^k. Dodd. inmVe, Edio, r.dniiinds-on, liustH, Farns-
- worth, ronton, Foley, Fo-ter, Garnett, Gar!roll, Gilhs Gii-
man, Gilmer, Goode. G'uoruvni, Gieemvood, Giepg, Gioes
■ beck', Giow, Lfuvtonee U* IJ.dl. Thomas Ij. Ii.un®, Ilas-
ian. ilawkm^, jj.il, Ho.ud, Herton, Houston, How.uil,
; Jlujier, Geoi^e YV. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Owni
Jones, KeHo^ Kri^oy. Kilpore, Knapp, Jacob itt Kunkel,
, Lawrence, ]>ujy, 1,'eitor,'l.ovejoy, Muelay, McKsbbin,
McQueen, Mile*, Moore, Morgan, Mornll, Edvvaul Joy
Moms, isaae X. MonK Oliver A. Moi-e, Nibiaek, Olin,
P.ilmei. Pai :;er. IVttit. Peyton, Phillip*, Pike, Pottei, Pow-
ell. Quitman, Heady, Reagan, Ricaud, ReeJne, Robbing,
Royee, riandidge, Scales, fSeott. Henty 51. Shaw, John
Sherman, Shoiter, Xtobeit Smith. "William tsmitl), Spinner,
, ;>tnllworth, Stanton, William Stewart. Geotse Taylor, Miles
T.n lor, Thayer, Tompkins, Uncleiwood, Wade, Cadwal-
fder C. Washburn, Eilihu B. Wa^hbmne, Israel Wa^h-
1 'nun, Whiteley. Window, Wood, Wortendyke, John V.
Wr.sh:. a'jd Zulhcoffi-r—
