1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nil
E
the public interest shall demand it, yet avoids the
hardships and expense of wintering the force the
second year in the snows of Utah. Suppose the
regiments were ready for muster by the 1st of
April. Their engagements would extend to the
1st of October, 1859, which would give the coun-
try the benefit of the.ir service, not only for the
campaign of this year, but of next year; for, after
October, in that climate, the troops must go into
winter quarters. The volunteer, discharged in
Utah in the fall of 1859, could return to the States
before the winter usually sfts in with severity in
this climate. The Military Committee considered
all these points in establishing the length of time
for their service.
The regiments will probably be called from the
western States, because these arc nearest to the
locality at which the troops will be wanted, and
afford the men whose modes of life and customs
promise those qualities which fit them peculiarly
for the expected service. The Mormons of Utah
are inured, by fifteen years of experience in border
life, to all the hardships of the frontier, and they
have become experts in the use of the rifle and in
the management of the horse. Doubtless they
can muster a formidable force, which, being per-
fectly familiar with the general topography of
their country, and accustomed alone to scout the
mountain ranges of that frontier, would be most
efficient light troops in a war upon our transport-
ation, which, at that distance from the general
depots for the Army, becomes a most important
iartof our actual strength. These volunteers will
e as familiar as the Mormons with the nfle, as
expert in horsemanship, and as ready of device
inall the strategy of border men. They will be as
capable of action individually, or in small parties,
as quick on the trigger, and as ready to pull it. In
these respects, which are all-important, should the
tactical operations of a cam paign determine a resort
to a guerrilla war, the volunteer force would be far
superior to the regular Army, in which it is appre-
hended there is a deficiency in these very qualities,
that, in the event referred to, would be so essential
to success. If, on the contrary, the campaign
should demand theevolutionsoftroopsinmasses,
the volunteer corps would possess all the activity,
valor, intelligence, and endurance which" consti-
tute the best elements on which to make the suc-
cessful application of military skill.
There is another consideration which should
control the decision of the choice between volun-
teers and regulars. The volunteer regiments are
ready to-day; they can be moved on the instant;
the regulars would have to be recruited, and after-
wards drilled and disciplined in the schools of the
soldier, the company, and battalion, before they
would be ready to be in the field. This necessity
would cost the United States the loss of this year's
campaign, and, possibly, protract a struggle in
Utah until it became chronic and most difficult of
adjustment. The gentleman from Virginia sup-
posed that the additional recruits authorized in
case of an increase of the Army, would be main-
tained at the posts for the purpose of learning the
duties of the soldier, and thus the veteran regi-
ments, already disciplined, might be moved im-
mediately to the theater of these disturbances.
But this supposition fails to have practical point
for the reason that the veterans cannot leave the
posts until the raw recruits shall have been en-
listed; and this process must consume so much
time as to leave none for a campaign this year.
You cannot enlist the men for five regiments in a
week, or a month, or two months. The statistics
of the recruiting service prove that the business
goes slowly on, and that it is uneciual to the task
of providing men to fiil up the ranks of the Army
to its present authorized strength. How can it be
expected, then, that the increase of the Army by
^ve additional regiments, will so stimulate the re-
cruiting service as to enable tha veterans to leave
the posts at once for Utah ! If they can leave at
once because the law shall authorize recruits to be
raised to supply their places at the posts, then
they can leave also without such a provision, for
their places at the posts cannot probably bo sup-
plied by the process of enlistment in the lapse of
a whole season. For the last year the returns
show that the aggregate of enlistments for the reg-
ular Army was only live thousand five hundredand
nine, while the casualties in the Army, by deaths,
discharges, and desertions, were live thousand
seven hundred and tweiuy-tune; so that the process
of enlistment failed, by more than two hundred,
to supply the present wants of the service. How
can it be expected, then, continuing at the same
rate, ever to fill up the new regiments in time for
immediate service, or so as to release the old regi-
ments from their present duties at the existing
posts? Pass this bill, and the ranger regiment
for Texas will immediately place at the disposal
of Government more than two thousand regulars,
who are returned as posted in that military de-
partment so late as July, 1857. If these are wanted
for immediate service in Utah, is it not astonish-
ing that the gentiem'an from Virginia should op-
pose a bill which provides Texas with the troops
which, according to her experience with both, is
preferable to regulars for frontier service, and
which, at the same time, gives the Administra-
tion the immediate use of two thousand men ?
But there is another reason: We do not know that
there is going to be a Mormon war; but! think pru-
dential considerations suggest to us the propriety
of reinforcing the troops now in that quarter, and
of doing so rapidly. But suppose that when they
reach Utah the Mormons be all found in their
fields engaged in the daily avocations of common
labor. We cannot commence, under such a state
of things, to exterminate them on account of the
past; and you perceive that we can get rid of the
volunteers by marching them home, that the
President may discharge them. Not so with the
regulars. If we want troops at all, we want them
now. And that consideration determines in part
this bill. More than five regiments of volunteers
are now ready for the service. They are ready
to march to-morrow, so that you may be as-
sured of the benefit of a summer's campaign with
them. :
We propose to give you men who will be the ,
equals of their foes, in the knowledge of horse- 1
manship,in the use oft he rifle, and m individuality •
of character. Youcannotactwithmassesof troops :
on a scattered and dispersed population like the i
Mormons. They wiil harass your trains, they >
will cut off your straggling parties, and they will J
sweep down on small bodies of men wherever '
they are found unprotected. It will be a war of ,
transportation. It will be a war in which your ;
unprotected messenger or express who carries
orders from point to point will be garroted in the
mountains; and you wilt never know the hand that '
struck him. Your men from Ireland and your !
men from Germany may bj gallant. I do not
pretend to detract from their reputation for gal-
lantry. They have not, however, been accus- .
toimd in their former life to this thing. It does a :
western man's eye good to see one of them get
into a saddle. It would be absurd to send such
men to act against the Mormons, who furnished
a battalion in the Califoinia war, and who, 1
undeistand. have got the very finest cavalry.
If, therefore, you want to :wt instantly, take the
volunteers. If you want tioons for the occasion,
take the volunteers. Tf you want troops '.'.'no will
execute evolution m masses, begin with men who
will have all the aptitude to learn, who have all
the energy to execute, who luue ail the interest to
perform effective service. I con speak for my own
State. They have there raised a regiment by order
of the Legislature, to be tendered to the President
for this very service. I personally know tuat there
is not a field officer in that regiment who has not
seen a year's servicc in Mexico, and there is
scarce] v a captain in it who has not also served
his year in Mexico. And these officers would be
as r^adv to-morrow to march into the field, and
as readv to drill the troops as any officer of the
regular service. If you wait here to recruit, what
wiil be the season by the time you get recruits t
; By the bv, this Alormon war is going to ex-
bibit some very strange peculiarities. I heard to-
. day from one who is well informed that it was ■
likely the Mormons would bring a larger trans- j
portation train from the States to Utah than Gen- ;
oral Jessup's train; that they have one thousand !
three hundred wagons now prepared in Chicago.
Mr. Speaker, I find myself a good deal ex- ;
hausted, and 1 will bring my remarks to a close.
But I want first to notice the power claimed by
the President, and the censure that was adminis-
tered to this House the other day, by the gentle-
man from Virginia, for its apathy. [Here the
hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no desire, Mr.
Speaker, to protract this debate unnecessarily;
but, as at present advised, I shall cast my rote
against the bill offered by the majority of the Com -
mittee on Military Affairs, as also against the?
substitute proposed by the honorable gentleman,
from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner.] And I desire,
inasmuch as my vote shall be so recorded,to state*
as briefly as I may, some of the reasons that will
control that vote. • - ■ : '
It strikes me, Mr. Speaker, that the Secretary,
of War has said enough to determine me-, at least,;
j. in my opposition to the bill reported by the ma-
j, jority of the committee. The President of, thp-
United States is,under the Constitution,charged
j, to take care that the laws be faithfully executed.
It is his business to advise this House, by his
message, and through the proper Departments,
not only of the measures which are needful to
the execution of the laws; but also of the meas-
ures the cheapest and nfost efficient to thatend.
The American people have a right to demand not
onlyan efficient administration, but an economical
execution of the laws. I take it that no gentle-
man on this side of the Chamber, or on that side
of the Chamber, will be swift in objecting to that
proposition.
Well, sir, the President of the United States,
in the proper discharge of his duties through the
channel of the War Department, has advised us
officially, and has officially advised the country,
against the very bill which the majority of the
Military Committee are now pressjng upon the
consideration of the House. The bill reported by
the majority of the committee, as the House has
been advised, is a bill temporarily to increase the
Army of the United States, by a volunteer farce
of some four thousand men. That project ist
condemned by the Administration, notwithstand-
ing the ingenious attempt of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,] the other day, to throw the
weight of the Administration in favor of this bill.
I undertake to say that the bill is condemned,
emphatically condemned, by the Administration.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to correct the gentle-
man. I am not at all certain that the Adminis-
tration is in favor of this bill, and I did not .in-
tend to assert that it was. What I said was that
the Administration asked us to authorize, the
raising of four or five additional regiments, and
did not say of what character of troops. But I
did not say the Administration favored the vol-
unteers. On the contrary, 1 am afraid they are
not right on this question.
Mr. BINGI-IASVl. I have no disposition to
misstate the argument of my friend from Iowa;
but. sir. 1 attended very carefully to what he said
at the time when he addressed "the House, and I
am certain that I am not mistaken in saying that
he sought to press the Administration into his
sprvicc in the advocacy of this bill; because his
reported sneech, corrected by himself, states that
the President is entirely silent as to the description
of troops that he wants! The gentleman from
Iowa argues, from this alleged silence of the Pres-
ident, that the Administration is not opposed to
the b'li reported by the majority of the Committee
on Military Affairs. Tha gentleman from Iowa
was right,'so far as the President's message was
' concerned, in saying the President was silent as
to the character of the troops. But the President
has further advised us on the subject through the
• Secretary of War: and by looking to the official
: report of that officer you will find that he ex-
: pressly condemns the project which is recom-
i mended in the bill of the majority now before the
: House. The Secretary says:
" It will not he denied that ail army properly organized
and of sufficient strength, constitutes at once the cheapest
and most efficient mean* by which the indispensable serv-
ices it is designed to pertonn can be secured by the Gov-
ernment."
That is the general proposition; and it would
seem, from what follows, that the Secretary of
War designed that the attention of Congress
should be especially called to it, in anticipation
that this bill, or some kindred measure, would be
presented to Congress. The Secretary further
says:
"ItwiH be seen fromr. paper carefully prepared in the
office of the Adjutant Geneia!, that no increase of forces is
so efficient or near so chha.P as the augmentation of
our regular Aimy."
Now, air, if the Secretary of War be right in
this, it, is very apparent that the majority of the
committee was wrong, altogether wrong;, i  rec* .
ommendmg this bill to the House at all.
