1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2195
NAYS—Messts. Bilhnghurat, Bryan, Cartithers, Ca&kie,
Clawson, ftowdell, Elliott, Florence, Good), Jackson, Jen-
kins. Jewett. Kent, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, Mott,
Nichols, Pendleton. Phelps Potile, Hu^seil, Sewaui, Sick-
]<>s, Singleton, Samuel A Smith, Stephens, Stoven-iou,
Talbot. Tappan, Trippe, Ward, Wilson, and Woodson—
So the resolution was agreed to.
Pending the call,
Mr. McQ,UEEN stated that Mr. Bonham had
paired off with Mr. Walduoj? for one week.
Mr. BRYAN said: Believing the dismissal too
summary, I vote '{ no.*'
Mr. COX slated that he had paired off with Mr.
C. B. Cochrane.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Landy was
detained at home by indisposition in his family.
Mr. SICKLES said: I do not think the accused
has had a fair opportunity to be heard in his de- j
fense. I, therefore, vote " no." i
Mr. SINGLETON said: I vote" no." I do it,
not for the purpose of protecting the Doorkeeper ;
in anything wrong, but because .1 think the case !
of corruption has not been clearly made out. !
Mr. SMITH,of Tennessee, said: Forthosame >
reasons expressed by the gentleman who has just .
taken his seat, 1 vote "no."
Mr. CLEMENS. I object to any further ex- !
cuses being made. i
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I vote " ay." I think
th i s 
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. This investigation ought
to have been pursued further; but believing that '
the Doorkeeper is at least incompetent, I vote in '
the affirmative. !
Mr. ELLIOTT. I desire to say  j
JMr. CLEMENS. 1 object. ;
Mr. ELLIOTT. I object to condemning a man >
without a trial, and I vote " no." !
Mr. FLORENCE. Old 1 not understand the 1
Chair to decide that gentlemen had a ught to ex-
plain ?
The SPEAKER The Chair did not say so.
IV!r. FLORENCE I voted against this thing
because 
Mr. CLEMENS. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I desire  ;
{Cries of " Ordei l'"] i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Eenn- 1
sylvania is out of oidor. i
Mr. HILL. Id-sire  I
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. HILL. Out of n spect to the committee, !
I will make my vole •' ay "
Mr. TALBOT said, (Mr. Clf.mexs calling to
order at the same time,) I cannot vote against a
nvm without giving him a full and fair trial, and
1 vote "no." [Laughter.] !
Mr. GARTRELL. I vote " ay" for the pur-
pose of moving a reconsideration. i
Mr. LOVEJOY. i desire to know whether 1
there is any mode of enforcing the 42d rule, which '
lequires every member present to vote unless ex- ,
cused > ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. None in the world. !
You cannot make a man answer. .
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded. |
Mr ICUNKEL, of Maryland, moved to recon- ,
Rider the vote by which the resolution was adopt- ■
ed; and also moved to lay tiie motion to reconsider
on the fable.
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded the yeas and ;
navs. I
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers on ,
the yeas and nays. !
Tollers were refused. ;
The yeas and nays were refused. |
The motion to reconsider was then laid on the
table. i
ELECTION OF DOORKEEPER. !
Mr. IIASKIN. I rise to a question of privi- 1
lege. The House now being without a Door-
keeper, I propose the adoption of the following
resolution, ami upon it I call the previous ques-
tion:
J.Vso/re;/. That Darnis Tiuecde]I. of Xcu Yoik. he. and
he i^> hereby, appointed Domkecp'T ot ii\e lTou*<> of Repie-
sentati\e&, fo: il:e Thirty-Fifth Connie.
, Mr. SHORTER. I move to lay the resolution
on the u\b!o !
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. I £ixk to have the 14th rule
read.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
It is not in order as a question of privilege to move
; to appoint a particular person as Doorkeeper of
the House of Representatives. It would be in
order to move to proceed to the election of a Door-
keeper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order.
Rule 14 was then read, as follows:
" In all cases of elect'on hv the House of its officers, The
vote shall be taken vicu^ace,"
Mr. HASIvLN. I then move that the House
proceed to the election of a Doorkeeper.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, moved (at
half past two o'clock) that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and on a division of
the House there were—ayes 71, noes 112.
Mr. ENGLISH. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw his demand for the yeas and
nays, with a view of seeing whether we cannot
come to a conclusion on this matter. I do not
think that little advantages ought to be snatched
in this way. I do not think that anybody anti-
cipated the result—at all events nobody should
have made preparations for it.
Mr. MORGAN. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. I
Mr. MORGAN. Then I object.
Mr. KEITT. 1 want to hafrc this thing ar-
ranged. I belong to no party; go into no eau- i
cus 
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debatable.
Mr. IIASKIN. I move now to proceed to (he
election of a Dooikceper.
The SPEAKER. The pending question U a
motion to ad join n, and on that the yeas ml nays
have been demanded.
Mr HARRIS, of Illinois. I understood that j
the motion to adjourn was withdrawn. j
Mr. KEITT. Jf wjil he withdrawn if we agree
to go into the election ofDoorkeeper to-morrow, >
The SPEAKER. Is the motion to adjourn !
withdrawn: ,
Air. CRAIGE, ofNoith Caiolina. No, sir. j
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 87, nays 103; as follows: !
VEAS—; Alii, Andeisou, Arnold, Arkntv. Avery, ,
Bark-dale. Boeock. Howie, Uiancii, Bi jan. Bums, Cackle, '
John B. Chuk, Clay. Ciemenx, Cobb. John Cochrane, (Jock- !
ei ill. Coi in tip, < 'o.\, Dm top Ci«u<*e, Cnuvloul.Cm t v. l);u id- !
son, Davis oi Mississippi, Dimunck. Dowdell, Edmumhon, 1
Elliott, Engludi, Faulkner. Fentou, Floienee, Foley. Gai- '
nett, Gain ell. Gilii<.*Uoode. Gicenwood. Gieiiif, Groos'byek,
Lavvrcnee W. flail. Jackson, Jenkins. J (Jitincy Jones,
Owen Jone<. Kent. Kelly, Jacob ]>} Kunkel, fjuwiouce,
Leidv, MaeLiy. McCiucen, Miles, M'ller, Mil'sod, NibU'-k,
Pendleton, I'c^lon, Phillip-:, PouoP, Qiittnian. Rcrt_'an,
Ttuflin, Ita-sell, Sealer. Scott, Ijeiuy M. Shaw, Siiouei,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smiih. StaUu'ortii, i
Stephen^. Stevenson, James A Stewart. Talbot. (;"oil"' ;
T.ivior, Mil.'n Ta\ lor. Ward, Wniku.s, While. Whrjoh^. 1
Wnislow, Woodson. Woitearlyla', John \. Wn^ia, and
Zoiheotrei-,S.
NA\>-Messrs Abbott. Andiew , Bennett. DdhntihiiM, i
Buitrhain. Pdair, (Uis-;, P.nlhnton. Bitr!mirame, Campbell, j
Cauitueis, Chalice, ftztu (Jlark, Claw son, ("olku, Coimns, J
James Ci.uy. Cuitu, Damieii. Dav \ ol Indiana, Da\is of [>
Mas^^lchtl-^'!t•', UaMs oi lowiv. Da\ve=, Dean. Diek J3odd, ^
Dm fee, ISustis, Farnsworth, l^o^ter. Gdman, (.'ilmei.
Gooeh, Goodwin, (liow. IU>bei t B. flail. Thotn w L Il.it- ',
ih, fla-skm. flilf, Iio.ii<1, Hopkins fleiton, Hou-ton. ISow-
aid, lliigiic-: Jlnylot, Jewert, (Jronre W. Jone>. Kellogp, 1,
Kcl<ey. Kilmae, Knanp. Leitci. Letehcr. Lovojov, Hum-
phrey Mauhnll, Samuel S. Mai-halt, M'kou, Maue-o-u |
Majn.ud, xMoi^an. ? ioiii!i. E<h\aid Joy Moi iN
Moms, OJivei A. IMor-e, Motr, Ohn, Pahnei, Paikcr. Pet-
fit. Phelps, Pike, Potiei, iNatle. lleody, Rnehie, Ro!ibtn«. ,
Robeit--, Rove", Sewaul, S1"«im, Jnlui Sh-imui, |
Jud^on W t-hi'imnn. Ro'ifft Smith. Spinnci, Siuinm
Wilhiim Steuviit. T.ippan. 'i'li.u e . Tlio'iip-ou TompKin^, '
Trippe. I. ndi'i wood. Wad", \\ albi !().{•', t'j'dwaidder C. j
Washburn, C'Ulm B. Wa-hbmne I-i.tu W.i-.'.bai1!, Wil- ,
'•mi, and Wood—I'J.3.
So the House refused to adjourn
Pending th" vr-te,
Mi. WALBIMDGE stated that liis colleague, ,
Mr. Lfacii, was su!l detained in his room by m- 1
disposition. i
Mr. COX. stated that he had ascertained that ■
his pair witli Mr. Cluik I). Cochrane had ex- i
pired on Satiudav last, and that he wus at per- :
feet liberty to vote.
Mr. OILMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Morse, was still confined to his loom by indis-
position.
Alter the auiiouncement of the vote as above .
recorded.
Mr. HASTvIN said: In order that the time of ;
the House may not be unnecessarily consumed, ;j
I propose to withdraw my motion, and to (substi-
tute in place of it this proposition: that we pro-
ceed to-morrow, immediately after reading the
Journal, to the election of Doorkeeper, and that
in the mean time the property which should be m
the charge of the Doorkeeper shall be taken charge
of by the Sergeant at-Arnis.
The gentleman whose name I have introduced
is one of the Assistant Doorkeepers from my dis-
trict. I know he comes up to the Jacksonian
standard, and I wished to call the attention of the
House to him.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to amend the prop-
osition by inserting twelve o'clock.
Mr. HASKIN. The time I propose, is imme-
diately after finishing the reading of the Journal.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays
j on his amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only four
members voting therefor.
Mr. MORGAN moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was first taken on the amendment,
and it was not agreed to—ayes forty-five, nays not
counted.
The question then recurred on the original prop-
osition, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the proposition was agreed to, and also
moved to Jay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYES OF TIfF, HOUSE.
Mr. MASON. I desire to offer a resolution
fixing the number, pay, and compensation of the
employes of the Doorkeeper before he is electcd.
It will be then understood by him, and all per-
sons whom he may select, what their number and
compensation is. If it is not found sufficient, the
Committee of Accounts are at all times author-
ized to employ a force for temporary purposes.
Mr. COX. I object to that resolution.
Mr. MASON. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
that motion now.
Mr. GROW. The special committee on print-
ing instructed me, some time ago, to report a bill
to the House separating the folding-room fiom
the charge of the Doorkeeper This, probably,
is the fittest time to bring it up for consideration.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know why the motion to suspend the rules is not
in orderr
The SPEAKER. There was a proposition
made on Saturday, by the gtfitlemnn from New
York, [Mr. Clark,J to discharge the Judiciary
Committee from the further consideration of a
menunial. That proposition came before tho
House on Satuulay by unanimous consent, which
operated as a suspension of the rules; and until
that.matter is disposed of, the Chair is of opinion
that it is not in order to receive another motion
to suspend the rules, inasmuch as we arc acting,
by unanimous consent, under a suspension of tin*
ru'^s. It was on that ground that the proposition
of the gentlemau from Mis&issippi wos ruled out
of orcler.
Air. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. On that
^iound 1 objected, on Saturday, to the introduc-
tion of the resolution of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. GROW. The special committee on print-
ing have instructed me to report a bill which I
send to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
committee cannot report now, for the reason that
the Chair lus given to the gentleman from Ken-
tuck y.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE WATROUS-
The SPEAKER. The first business in,order
is the consideration of the resolution of the gen-
tleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Clark,] to dis-
charge the Committee on the Judiciary from the
further consideration of the memorial of Mr. Al-
exander, in the matter of the impeachment of
Jud'^e Watrous *
Mr. WASHP>URNE, of Illinois, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and, under its operation,
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CRAIGE, of Carolina, moved to recon-
