134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bell.
[March 18,
Senate.
Congress free from strife upon this exciting sub-
ject.
The President, furthermore, appears, from th<f
tenor of his message, to consider that Congress
is under an obligation, binding it in good faith
to admit Kansas under this constitution. He
states this proposition in his message, " that the
organic law recognized the right of the people of
theTerritory, withoutan enabling act of Congress,
to form a constitution, is too clear for argument."
The assumption then is, that this is a constitution
formed in pursuance of authority derived from the
organic law of Kansas, enacted by Congress. He
adds, that " it is impossible that the people could
have-proceeded with more regularity in the form-
ation of a State constitution than the people of
Kansas have done."
In another passage of his message, he speaks
of this constitution as having been " fairly sub-
mitted for the ratification of the people." Hence
the conclusion, that to reject the application of
Kansas to be admitted into the Union under these
circumstances, would be a violation of plighted
faith. It is also said that such rejection would be
justly considered as an outrage upon southern
rights and feelings, inasmuch as the only objec-
tion that can be taken to this constitution by those
who would reject it is, that it recognizes slavery.
That is the position assumed by the President and
those who support his policy upon this subject,
with thisaddition, that we have no right to go be-
yond whatappears on the face of the constitution,
and the official authentication of the public acts and
proceedings which led to its formation and subse-
quent ratification by the people; and tfcatwhatever
irregularities or frauds may have occurred or been
practiccd connected with its formation or ratifica-
tion, are altogether foreign to the question before
us; and so of the question which has been raised
as to whether a majority of the people of Kansas
approve the constitution ornot. A.11 such inquiries
are repudiated as irrelevant. Such is the issue
made up and presented on the part of the sup-
porters of this measure. On the other side, it is
said that the Lecompton constitution has been
formed in pursuance of no legal authority; that the'
organic act vested no such power in the Territo-
rial Legislature; that it docs not reflect the will of
a majority of the people; that great irregularities
took place in the election of delegates to the con-
vention that formed it; that the constitution was
not fairly submitted to the people for their rat-
ification; and, upon these grounds, they say it
would be an outrage on the rights of the people
of Kansas to impose this constitution upon them.
Now, how are th.- facts? Has this constitution
"     uu,3 v,< i (IOUU1UUI
been formed m pursuance of legal authority de
l-ivcd from the org tine act of Congress? This i
understand to be the iii.tlo pillar on which the ar-
gument icsts, that Congress is bound to admit
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution, with-
out inquiry as to Ihe truth of any alleged irregu-
larities or frauds connected with it, or as to
whether the majority of the people approve it or
not.
I noticed that my friend from (Georgia argued
the general question to-day on -the assumption
that that act did give to the people of Kansas the
power to form a constitution; but he afterwards
said that Congress was not bound to accept the
constitution when formed under such authority;
though he did contend that Congress would be'
bound, provided it had passed an enabling act,
and the people of the Territory had accepted and
acted under it. If Congress would not be bound
to accept a constitution formed under territorial
authority, derived from the organic Jaw, what is
that'but an admission that the organic law does
not contain the power claimed ? If the power is
given by the organic law, it is in the place of an
enabling act, and would be just as binding on
Congress when the people of Kansas ficcepted it
as would be an enabling act accepted by the peo-
ple of the Territory. With all due deference and
respect to the opinions of the honorable Senator
from Georgia and the President of the United
States, I think there is no pretextfor the assump-
tion that the organic law of the Territory conferred
any such power as is claimed. If it did, the or-
ganic laws of Utah, New Mexico, and Nebraska,
conferred the same power on the people of those
Territories, for the language is identical in all
those laws. The Kansas organic law, after de-
scribing the boundaries oftheproposed Territory,
proceeds to declare that—
"The same is hereby erected into a temporary govern-
ment by the name of the Territory of Kansas; and when
admitted as a State or States, (if divided,) the slid Terii-
l loiy. or any portion of the same, shall be received into the
Union, with or without slavery, as their constitution may
piescnbe at the time of their admission."
The organic laws of New Mexico, Utah, and
Nebraska contain similar provisions, without the
valuation of a word.
I make no account of the other clause in the
Kansas organic law, which provides that its true
intent and meaning was, to leave the people to
form their domestic institutions in their own way;
because I agree with the Senator from Georgia,
that that gives not one jot of power which was
not given to the people of the Territories of Utah,
New Mexico, and Nebraska by their organic
laws. The authority given in those acts to the
Territorial Legislatures extended " to all rightful
subjects of legislation, subject to the Constitution
of the United States." Why was the p<?fculiar
language I have adverted to employed in the Kan-
sas organic act? The purpose it has answered
we arc all ivell advised of. We know that it an-
swered fully and completely the design with which
it was incorporated into the Kansas-Nebraska
act. It served to conciliate the support of north-
ern men. It would be a most mischievous doc-
trine, indeed, if it were true that the oiganic law
of Kansas gave the people the power to form a
State constitution when they pleased, without any
limitation as to time or population, and to demand
admission into the Union as a right, which Con-
gress could not resist without a violation of good
faith. According to this construction of the or-
ganic law of Kansas, not only Kansas, but New
Mexico and Utah, must be admitted into the
Union whenever the people of those Territories
•shall think proper to apply for admission. It
might be no great outrage to admit New Mexico
at any time; but to admit Utah, with its Mormon
population, upon compulsion, would not be so
seemly upon the principle sought to be applied to
Kansas. The people of the Territory of Nebras-
ka, though not exceeding probably some four to
five-thousand in number, would have a right to
form a Slate constitution, and demand admTssion
into the Union now, or as soon as they think proper
to form a constitution and demand admission.
Ihe idea that the Kansas organic law confers
on the people of Kansas power to form a State
constitution, and demand admission into the
Union at their discretion, is subversive of every
principle that has been considered established
heretofore in connection with the admission of
new States. Unless we mean to tear up all the old
landmarks which have regulated us on questions
of this description, it is a heresy which ought to
be met at the threshold. Nevertheless, it is sol-
emnly maintained by the Piesident. I think it is
sufficient proof that this is a heresy, that the Sen-
ator from Georgia, who indorses everything- else
ill the President's message, abandons the Presi-
dent on this point, after lie had stated m his mes-
snge that this point was " too clear to admit of
an argument."
Well, sir, to employ the language of the Presi-
dent, it being too clear to admit of an argument
that the organic law of Kansas confers no power
upon the people to fotm a State constitution, and
there being, of course, 110 obligation of good faith
resting upon Congress to admit that Territory
into the Union under the constitution now pre-
sented to us, how stands the main question, and
upon what principles are we to decide it? Just
as all like questions have stood heretofore, when
Congress had passed 110 enabling act, and is to be
decided upon like principles of reason, expedi-
ency and propriety. The present application of a
territory to be admitted into the Union under a
constitution formed without the authority of Con-
gress, is an appeal to the discretion of Congress,
which has power to admit 01- reject, as may be
thoughtexpedientorproper.underall the circum-
stances of the case. The application is open to
all exceptions which may be taken to it—to ail
fair and reasonable objections—as, for example,
, that the constitution does not reflect the will of
I the people; that a majority or any respectable mi-
1 nority of them have not been represented in the j
convention which formed it; that a strong feeling
of discontent and opposition exists among a large
portion of the people upon the subject. One ob-
ject that Congress ought to have in view m such
cases would be, to give general satisfaction, to
lay the foundation of good-neighborhood feelino*
among the inhabitants of the proposed new State"
Not only should the complaints of the majority
be inquired into, but those of a minority also. I
do not know of any instance where Congress has
admitted a State where there was a respectable
protesting minority.
Let us now examine the grounds upon which
this application stands, according to the princi-
ples I have thus laid down. I am afraid I shall
be somewhat tedious, because I propose, at the
risk of some repetition of what I have before said,
to note all the leading facts and circumstances con-
nected with this subject to be found in the brief
and disorderly annals of Kansas. When the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill was first brought forward in the
Senate, in January, 1854, there were probably not
over a hundred white inhabitants in the Terri-
tory, excluding some few United States troops.
As soon as the bill passed, the whole Territory,
except the Indian reservations, was thrown open
to free competition between the North and the
South, between anti-slavery men and pro-slavery
men, to settle, by superiority of numbers, whether
Kansas should be a free or slave Territory; for,
at thattime, the popular understanding and inter-
pretation of the Kansas-Nebraska act was, that
the people of the Territory were authorized to
settle that question by an act of the Territorial
Legislature, and before they should comc to form
a State constitution. To be sure, there was a
clause in the organic law that this power was to
be exercised, subject to the Constitution of the
United States; but the Constitution had been in
existence more than half a century, and there had
been no judicial interpretation of the Constitution
which could lead the people to suppose that they
were not fully authorized to decide the question
of slavery by a territorial enactment. A con-
siderable portion of the people of the North and
East, in resentment of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, and resolving that the South should
not derive any benefit from what they considered
the wrong inflicted upon them by that measure,
in the establishment of a new slave State, resorted
to the organization of an emigrant aid society, by
which they were enabled to furnish large facili-
ties in money, and in other modes to quicken em-
igration, with a view to provide a sufficient num-
ber of settlers to control the election of members
to the first Legislature, which it was supposed
would decide the question of slavery in the Ter-
ritory.
The people in the western counties of Missouri,
living in slaveholding communities, and feeling a
deep concern that Kansas should not become a
free Territory or a free State, formed associations
on their part, and adopted such other measures
as they thought necessary to secure the ascend-
ency of the pro-slavery settlers m the election of
members to the Legislature. When the day of
election came, on the 30th day of March, 1855,
many armed companies of Missounans appeared
at the polls in most of the election districts and
precincts; and where they found the judges of
election opposed to their views, by threats of vio-
lence drove them away, and substituted others in
then place; where they found the judges friendly
to their views, they allowed them to remain in
the discharge of their duties. The result, with-
out going into further details 011 that point, was,
that every pro-slavery candidate but one was re-
turned as elected. The returns of the census,
taken, under a requirement of the organic law,
one month before this election, showed 3,903
qualified voters then in the Territory. At the elec-
tion G,307 votes were polled. Ofthe 2,903whose
names were upon the census rolls, only 898 voted
at the election. This fact appears by the com-
parison of the names 011 the poll-books with the
census returns. These facts speak for themselves.
Either the census returns were false, or the Free-
Soil voters were driven from the polls. But, be
that as it may, it appears certain that some four
or five thousand Missourians voted at the elec-
tion, or the returns were fraudulent.
Complaints were made from several precincts
