86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
the Treasury has overestimated largely the receipts
/or the remainder of the current fiscal year. He
makes a deduction of twenty-five per cent, for
diminished importations into the country, but
he makes no deduction whatever for the dimin-
ished value of the goods imported. Now, sir,
I venture to say that the. reduction of value of the
importations of the country is at least thirty or
thirty-three per cent. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury makes no allowance whatever for this reduc-
tion in value of our importations. I do not be-
lieve that the importations, during the coining six
months, in quantity, will be anything like the im-
portations of the same months last year, and the
reduction in the value of those importations will
be from twenty-five to thirty-three per cent. I
think the Secretary has overestimated the receipts
for the last three quarters of this fiscal year by
from eight to ten millions of dollars, and that we
shall find this to be the case when Congress as-
sembles in December next.
The President and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury both commit themselves against any revision
of tho revenue laws of the country at the present
session They propose no mode to increase the
revenues of the Government. Tliey come here
and say that the expenditures of the "Government
must be nearly seventy-five million dollars. They
show us, on their own estimates, which I believe
to be overdrawn by ten or twelve million dollars,
that the Treasury will tail short by eighteen mil-
lion dollars. I believe, therefore, that their own
estimated expenditures will exceed the receipts
of the Government by from twenty-five to thirty
million dollars. They do not propose to reduce
the expenditures of the Government, but they
recommend an increase of expenditures. They
estimate that,according to the standing laws, ac-
cording to the requirements of the Departments,
an expenditure of §75,000,000 will be required
for the next fiscal year. The Secretary of the
Treasury recommends the repeal of the law of
1849, limiting tile expenditures for the collection
of the revenue to $2,500,000 on the Atlantic coast.
He tells us that the expenses of collection, instead
of being limited as they now are to $3,500,000
on tho Atlantic coast, and #500,000 on the Pacific
coast, will be $4,000,000. No proposition is
made to reduce th "
shape. They overestimated, I believe—and I
think I shall be borne out in this by the facts
to be developed in future—their receipts for the
next year eight or ten million dollars. By their
own showing, their ordinary necessary expenses,
without the additional ones recommended, will
exceed their receipts eighteen or twenty million
dollars; then we have a recommendation to in-
crease the amount of expenditures some ten mil-
lions more annually. The expenditures of the
last Administration exceeded, by about eighteen
millions annually, the expenditures of the pre-
ceding Administration, and we seem now to be
entering on another Administration with an in-
crease of expenditures of the Government, over
| the last Administration, of from ten to twenty
millions more.
Sir, 1 think that the President should have rec-
tisement, to the bidder who will agree to take
them at par for specie at the lowest rate of inter-
est. I believe that mode of issuing the Treasury
notes is a great improvement on the past practice.
I think we should lose the advantage of that mode
of isstie if we passed the bills authorizing the
emission of Treasury notes at separate times, and
in more limited amounts. If we wait till Jan-
uary we shall probably be then in the condition
we are now in relation to the $6,000,000 proposed
to be issued immediately; the wants of the Treas-
ury may be so pressing that we may not be able
to wait long enough to advertise for thirty days,
in order to enable the lowest bidder to take them,
and I see no other way to make the Treasury note
precisely and exactly equal to specie, which is
j the great desideratum in regard to that form of
1 credit.
The Senator from Massachusetts
expresses
ommended—I think that Congress at any rate
j should enter upon—a revision of the tariff. In my !; his surprise and regret that we should lie ask-
5 opinion, the duties on iron, on cotton,on woolen j! ing for Treasury notes, and that this demand
i goods, should be restored to what they were in the ; j should be accompanied with such extravagant
J tariff of 184G. This will increase the revenues estimates as are made by the Administration. I
of the Government some few million dollars. I j| would call his attention to the fact that the Treas-
I agree with^ the Senator from Rhode Island, and ] j ury notes are asked for to meet the demand cre-
I with tho Senator from Kentucky who has just jj ated by the appropriations of the last session of
I introduced a resolution bearing on this subject, !j Congress, not of this. In regard to the osti-
, that we should have a home valuation. That, mates, I will say to him that when the proper
frauds exist in the collection of the revenues of || time comes, when the bills which relate to them
the country has been proved, and is admitted by ;j are presented, if he will show me any one item
all who have any knowledge of the manner in jj wherein they can be lessened or diminished, ]
will not only go heart, and band with him, but I
will thank him for doing so. " Sufficient," how-
' " 1    : ever, " unto the day is the evil thereof." I con-
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] j j fine myself now to the demand for means to meet
objected to this mode of replenishing the Treas- ;| the existing appropriations, andl believe thatde-
ury yesterday j! mand is fully equal to the $20,000,000 which we
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator will allow me !j propose to issue.
to correct him. That objection of mine to this j I will advert but for a moment to his criticism
form of raising money was made when the bill ,: on the demand for $4,000,000 in order to pay the
permitted the notes to bo reissued without limit; j expenses for collecting the revenue. I say " but
hut when it was limited to a year, 1 had no such jj for a moment," because I do not wish, as I am
objection to it, but preferred it to tho other mode. j[ anxious to get the bill through to-day, to enter
Mr. WILSON. I nr —i.i-~ , * .. .
of the Senator. These
interest is not too high, be used as specie funds !
by the banks and merchants. I shall vote, how- '
over, for the amendment suggested by the Sen
1 now understand the position jj into a debate on any subject not immediately con-
lese Treasury notes will, if the j| nected with this issue of Treasury notes. As tho
10 expenditures m the collec- j! ator from New York, to reduce the amount to
tion ot the levenue. The Secretaiy tells us that [j $10,000,000. We shall be called upon, I doubt
the levenue has been largely diminished, while !j not,for$10,000,OOOmorewithinthecourseofsixty
the expenses of collection have increased. The |: days; but by that time we can have an opportu-
laboi necessary m the collection of tho revenue j1 nity to rellect, to see if something cannot be done
ought to be diminished; yet the Secretary asks j to increase tho necessary revenue; for I believe
us to repeal a law which restricts those expend- !j that on the 1st of January, 1859, we shall find
"s ''lut ''losc expenditures will go up ij ourselves from twenty to twenty-five million dol-
to #4,000,000 to coll—' "r""An ""A ■' ' • '
We all know
the offices for
country to provide places for men who are warm
0 to collect $50,000,000 of revenue, h lars short of funds to pay the current expenses '■ '> collection
' tluit has been a pressure in all • of the Government. and that a fived and limited
r the collection of the revenues of the ;i Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it seems to | propriated •' - amount may be ap
law formerly stood, (and it was passed, I believe,
during the administration of Mr. Polk, some ton
years ago,) there was a permanent and indefinite
appropriation for defraying the expenses of the
collection of the revenue on the Atlantic coast,
which were regulated by law, but the expenses
of collecting the revenue on the Pacific coast were
entirely undefined, and left to the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury. He now asks that
both services may be brought under one law, that
his discretion may be taken away in regaid to the
of tho revenue on the California coast,
me that the argument of the Senator from Mas-
i *   '  '"j,""" wi iiiu kjoi mux iiuui i-Viuis-
ana earnest supporters of tho past and present . sachuspifs would go to show the necessity of
Administration*. I believe that the force cm- j] voting the #20,000",000, instead of diminishing
propriated for tho purpose of paying those ex-
penses. The amount which he has asked is based
on past practice. It seems that when this ap-
nlnvortmil.o ,«  ,' .-.f  " ;   jj  t> **v>™yiuvv> u  u Hum isiung propriation was first made, it was rather more
1 .r°il<,<-tionot the iuvenue of the coun- ,■ the sum, because he is of opinion that the esti- !j than enough, and balances accrued- but as we
try is laigor than is necessary, and that that force jj mates of the Secretary of the Trer      l! ' ° ' • accraea, out as we
ought to be reduced, and that the proposed in-
crease of the expenditures ought not to receive
the sanction of Congress,
Well, then, sir, we have the Secretary of War,
backed by the President of the United States, pro-
posing to laise four or five additional regiments,
at an expense of four or five million dollars an-
nually, so long as that force shall exist, for every
regiment will" cost §1,000,000 annually. Then
the Secretary of the Navy, although we last year
ordered five vessels to be built, asks us to build
ten_steam vessels this year, at an expense of
§2,500,0000; probably, if they are ordered to be
built, they will cost from three to four millions.
We are told that this additional naval force is
wanted logo up the rivers of China; but I believe
that instead of going up the rivers of China, it is
intended to operate in the Gulf of Mexico, on
the coast of the coveted Island of Cuba. Here is
a proposed additional expenditure of §1,000,000
for the collection of the revenue; of from four to
five millions for Army; of from three to four
j revenue likely to accrue during this year, are
j extravagant. I will not enter into that"question
j now. All estimates are conjectural, and in times
j like these they must be exceedingly so; they can
i only be based on probabilities. 1 will merely
say, however, as I said yesterday, that so far as
| we can form some approximate estimate from
easury as to the j have gone on, the demand for money to defray
the expenses of the collection of revenue has in-
1 j creased, and we have been paying that increased
; expenditure out of balances that accrued seven or
j eight years ago; so that the estimate which the
j Secretary has made for that object is not founded
I oil any desire to increase the annual expenditures
; for the last two or three years, but is made with
I   j vui ..Hi uc iuuuw;u 1|
| about one fourth, as the Secretary has estimated j
j in his annual report. What is a little more re- :
j markablo, and what would seem to show that his [
| estimate possibly may he correct, is that tho I
! whole amount of imports, if wo add those that
; go into warehouse to those that enter into con- !
. sumption through the custom-house, is not very
| much below the imports for the corresponding; ■
I two months of last year at that port alone.
. _.penditure .
4,000,000 the expenses of collection on the Pa-
cific coast, which have heretofore been indefinite
and left to his discretion merely.
But, sir, I pass away from that subject, and
come to the point in regard to the $20,000,000 pro-
posed to he issued. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts be right (and most of the Senators on
the other side of the Chamber seem to agree with
him) in supposing that the estimate of receipts
However, I do not propose to go into this j made by th'e Secretary of the Trea^uVis excess"-
i connne myself simply to tins issue of • "•*«
sat* i; sswss •*
have to come forward, :in January, with another and the country. I believe I stated yesterday,
demand for perhaps $10,000 000 more. If we are ! that probably $6,000,000 would be required by
to issue £20,000,000 we had better provide for it , the 1st of January. In addition to that, we have
a in one bill, foi the reason that, by so doing, we : i to provide a surplus, as we all know, to admin-
can issue most of the Treasury notes, after #dver- ister the affairs of the Treasury; and besides that,
. .  j. These prop-
ositions to increase the expenses of the country
are recommended by the President, and by the
Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of War,
and the Secretary of the Navy. Thev come
here and ask for a loan of §20,000,000 "in this
