2196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
sider the vote just taken, arid also moved to lay
the motion to i*econsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
admission of new states.
Mr. QUITMAN. I now move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to introduce the joint resolu-
tion concerning the admission of new States into
the Union, which I endeavored to introduce this
morning.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
•yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GILLIS. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Mississippi whether this resolution, if
adopted, would exclude Oregon?
Mr. QUITMAN. I would merely reply 
[Loud cries of" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and there weie—yeas
88, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ah!, Anderson, Afkinp, Avoiy, Barks-
dale, Bocook, Bowie, Bianch, Bums, John B. Clatk, Clay,
Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coekenli, Coining, Cox,
James Craig, Ciuwfbrd, Cunv, Davuhon, Davis of .Missis-
sippi, Dimmick, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Eustis, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Goode,
Greenwood, Greg?, Lawrence W. Nail, Hawkins Hill,
Houston, Iluyler, Jackson. Jenkins, J. Giancy Jones, Kcm,
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunlfel, Lawienee, Leidy. Letcher, "Mc-
Queen, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Maynaid, Miles, Mill-
son, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Pcjton, l'helpi, Quitman,
Ileady, Reagan, Rutfin, £andidge, Sealo«, Scott, Seward,
Aaron Shaw, Ilemy M. Shaw, Singleton, Robeit Smith,
William Smith, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Talbot, Tnppe, U'nderwood,\V{iid,'Watkin5,Wbite,\Vlm«-
ley. Window, Woodson, Wortendyke, John V. Wnght,and
Zolhcofl'er—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain. Andrews, Arnold, Bit-
linghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Rutliuton, Uurlhuramc,
Campbell, Case, Ohaflee, Ezra Claik, Claw^on, Colfax,
Cotnins, Cragm, Cmtis, Dainiell. Davis of Indiana, Davis
ofMassachusetts, Pawef, Dc.ui, Dick, l>odd. DurtecJ'-u ii- -
worth, Fenton, Oilman, Gooeh, Goodwin. Gianirei. Grow,
KobeitB. Hall, lloaid, Hopkins, Hoiton, llovvaid, lln«h< ■*,
Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Owen Jonr-j, KeNey, Kilgoie,
Knapp, Leitei , Love jo v, Maclay, iYfoKibbm. Mattes-on. Mil
ler, Moigan, Mnmll, lOdwaid Joy Moms, Ohvoi A. Mor--e,
Motf, NichoKOhn, Paltne^Paiker, Per tit, Pike, Potter, Pot-
tle, Powell, Hi tell le, IU)l)lun>, Robei t.-,.Ro\ ce, Jtu^rll, John
Sheiinaii.JndvOn W. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Tappau, Thayer, Thompson, Totnpktu«, Wade,
Walbridge, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa^li-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—88.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. RUSSELL stated that, not within? to ex-
clude Oregon from admission into the Union, he
voted " no."
PROCEEDINGS IN COMMITTEE.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask the uninious consent
of the House to ofl>r the following resolutions:
Resolved, That between the Iioum of loin and five o'clock
p. m. of each day pnoi to ilie~9th mutant, the Mou-c, oi the
Committee ol Hie Whole llou->e, or the Committee of the
Whole on theptato of the Union, may take a rcce^5? until
seven o'clock, p. m., and pieceding each rece-s debate in
connmtiee mmII be confined to the pe.iiiiug (pte-Lion.
Resolved, That the names ot member a'uent without
leave of the Hou^e, on the la<a vole hv \ e;iv p-id n.'iv-- pn,-
ecduig a recess or adjournment, shall be onteied on the
Journal, and reported in the Globe as ah-eni w ithout le;iv\
Rcsolced, That on Fndayand Satuulay, the iiNtand ~2d
of May, 1858, private bills, to the passage of which no ob-
jection -.shall be made, shall fust be considered and de-posed
of in Committee of the Whole llousc on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do the penile-
man's resolutions provide that the House or the
Committee of the Whole mav take a recess?
Mr. CHAFFEIO. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not see any
necessity for that.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend tho ruirf.
Mr. SICKLES, (at half past throe o'clock, p.
m.) I move that the House do now adjoilrn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WAS1IBURN, of Maine. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Massachusetts that
he modify his resolution so as to provide that no
vote shall be taken after the recess, except upon
motions that the committee rise and that the House
•adjourn.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I accept that modification.
Mr. LETCHEH. Idisire to suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts an amendment to
the resolution providing that the names of the ab-
sentees shall be reported. It is that he should add
that the pay of the absentees for that day be do-
ducted, and also that any member who shall sleep
during the session of the House shall have his pay
stopped. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. T would suggest
another amendment, that he should provide that no
man shall sleep during the sessions of the Flouse.
Mr. BLISS. If the rules shall be suspended I
shall offer the following as a substitute for the res-
olution of the gentleman from Massachusetts:
Resolved, That during the present, and the next week, it
shall be m order each day for the Committee of the Whole
to take a recess until half past seven o'clock, p. m., provided
that no votes shall betaken at such evemngsessions except
on motions that the committee do rise and the House ad-
journ.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The substitute of
the gentleman from Ohio would do some good,
but the resolutions of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts would certainly obstruct the business of
the House, as every member must see when he
studies them. I, therefore, hope they will notbe
adopted.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I would like to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman who introduces this reso-
lution. I wish to know whether these night ses-
sions are for the purpose of transacting business ?
If we are to come here merely for the purpose of
resolving ourselves into a debatingsociety, I shall
vote against it. I am willing to vote for evening
sessions to transact the business of the House.
Mr PHILLIES. Can the question be taken
upon the resolutions separately?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes so, if
the resolutions were in.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us have the
regular oider of business. I call for that.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is the regular order of business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to lay the
resolutions on the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions have not
been received.
The yea«? and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CIIAFFEE demanded tellers upon the
question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bliss and
Barksdalr were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-four, not two thirds of a
quorum.
So the rules were not suspended.
BRITISH INTERFERENCE.
Mr. BARKSDALE, by unaninaou-s consent,
offered the following resolution*
Rr-ofrH, That the Pi evident be icquested to communi-
cate (o this Uou-e, it' not incompatible with the public m-
trre;-t->, any intoi mation in hn possesion m i elation to the
finny into, bo udnur, oi ^eaichnig ve seK belonging to the
United Hiaie*, in tiio Gulf of Mexico, by Butisli hhipd ol
war.
Mr. LEITER. I would suggest to the gentle-
man to'add " or on the coast of Cuba."
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 accept the amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. I suggest to the gentleman
that he mid " and in the ports of Cuba."
Mr. BARKSDALE. I think the resolution as
it now stands is sufficiently comprehensive.
The resolution was adopted.
OFFICE OF DOORKEEPER.
Mr. MASON. I ask the consent of the House
to offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the compensation of the Dooikeeperof
the llousc of llepie-entatives shall hereafter be $-3,000 per
annum, and that he be, ami he is heiehy,authoiued to em-
ploy n cupeimt'mdent of the fokhmr loom at a compensa-
tion ot per annum, and that he may employ under the
duectton ot the Committee ot Accounts ot the House of
Repiescntativers, pueh number ot lbldeia and laborer* as
mnv he deemed necessarv to perfoim the work; and also
that he ma> employ under the dnection o: the afote^aid com-
mittee two horses dumig tne j-es>sion ot Con<ire>-s and that
he may icceive a suitable allowance foi t;\pen-es in tend-
ing menage* and di.^patehe-j bv mev en<;eis and page-;.
Jlnrl he it fiuthcr icsolre.f, That the Dooikeeper of the
IIou-*e ot Iifpic-cntattve^ be, and be i* hoieby, auihnii/.ed
to e;n;>!ov not exceeding fourteen mesvenirer^, at a compen-
sation ol thiee dollar perday each poi annum; and not ex-
ceeding eleven me^&enger-s, at a compensation of thiee dol-
lars each per day during the f-o-t-ion of Concres4?: and not
exceediuK four laborers, ata compensation ot one dollar ami
fifty eentb each pei day duime the year; and not exceeding
five laborer*, at a coinpeiir-atiou ofone dollat and fiUy cents
per day each du ring the se^inn ofConyre^ : and not exceed-
ing twelve pige*. between the ages often and sivtcpnyeai^,
at a compensation ot two dollars per day each during the
session of Congio^s.
Jlnd he it further i esolved, That the Doorkeeper have de-
ducted from hi* pay a sufficient amount to pay any contract
made by him not authorized by this resolution, or without
authority o! rhi? Hou*e.
Mr, KUNICEL, of Maryland. I object; be-
cause, in the opinion of the Committee of Ac-
counts, the compensation is inadequate and the
number not sufficient.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
- Mr. MASON. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable me to offer the resolutions which have
been read.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 118,
noes 40.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. "
So the rules were suspended (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
Mr. MASON. I move the previous question
upon the "adoption of the resolution.
Mr. GARNETT. I wouJd suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that he should modify his
resolution so as to authorize the Committee of Ac-
counts to pay to those employes whom Mr. Hack-
ney has employed during the session, and who
have actually rendered services, a fair compensa-
tion for the time they have been employed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let that matter come up by
itself.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I want to appeal to
the gentlemen from Kentucky to modify his res-
olution, so as to authorize the employment of
twenty pages—six more than ho has embraced m
his resolution. I believe if there is anything in
which we should be liberal, it should be in em-
ploying the boys of indigent persons in this city.
Mr. MASON. The House can order thern, if
it wants them.
Mr. EUSTIS. Is it in order to move to lay
the whole subject upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. EUSTIS. Then I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Kentucky 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to debate.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I do not wish
to debate the matter, but simply to make a re-
quest.
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of de -
bate?
Mr. TAYLOR,, of New Yoik. Hardly in tho
nature of debate. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw his demand until I
can move to refer the resolution to the Committee
of Accounts.
Mr. MASON. I cannot.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. KELLY (at three o'clock and fifty min-
utes) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion v/as not agreed to.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I call for a sep-
arate vote upon the different resolutions.
The question was then taken on the first reso-
lution; and it was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the adoption of
the second resolution—
Air. CLEMENS. I move to insert fourteen
pages m the place of twelve.*
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Does the res-
olution propose to appropriate money? <
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I move to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What effect will
the laying of this resolution on the table have
upon the other resolutions?
The SPEAKER. It would be the rejection of
this one.
Mr. KUNKEL, ofMaryland. Asa member of
the Committee of Accounts, I desire to state 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COX. Can there be any amendment here-
after of tho first resolution ?
The SPEAKER. There can be no amend-
ment.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
on the table the second resolution: and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the second resolution;
arid it was adopted.
The question then recurred on the third resolu-
tion; and it was adopted.
Mr. MASON moved to reconsider the votes by
