1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ies^ he should retrace his steps, the Territory of Utah will
be m a state of open rebellion."
What those acts of hostility are, the President
has not been careful to tell us. The President
further says:
" A great part of all this may be idle boasting; but yet no
wise Government will lightly estimate the efforts which may
be inspired by such frenzied fanaticism as exists among the
Mormons in Utah. This is the first rebellion which has
existed m our Territories; and humanity itself requires that
we should put it down in such a manner that it shall be the
last. To trifle with it would be to encourage it and to render
it formidable."
There is no rebellion in Utah, according to that
passage of the message first cited. The President,
however, says, in the last passage cited, " this is
the first rebellion which has existed in our Terri-
tories." I do not intend to impeach the veracity
of the President at large; but, sir, when he is the
sole witness upon the stand to satisfy the House
of the necessity of this increase of the Army, I
will apply to him strictly the rule of the law of
evidence, that when he is false in one material
matter in issue, he is to be treated as false in all;
and I shall so hold, whether his falsity arises from
corrupt motives, or from a simple want of the
necessary information to enable him to tell the
truth. The President says farther, in relation to
this increase of the Army to suppress the alleged
insurrection in Utah:
u We ought to go there with such an imposing force as to
convince these deluded people that resistance would be
vain, and thus spare the etfusion ot blood. We can in tins
manner best convince them that we arc their friends, not
their enemies. In order to accomplish this object it will be
necessary, according to the estimate of the War Depart-
ment, to raise four additional regiments; and tins I earnestly
recommend to Congress."
For what object? To subdue these Mormons
that threaten rebellion. I have already read from
the message the words of the President that,
" unless he (Young) should retrace his steps, the
Territory of Utah will be in a state of open re-
bellion." These words clearly import that some-
thing remains yet to be done before rebellion shall
take place; that Young must pursue his course,
must advance, or there will be no rebellion in
Utah. " Unless he retrace his steps the Territory
of Utah will be in a state of open rebellion."
Now, he says, in order to " put down this re-
bellion," in order to enforce the law, it will be
necessary, according to the estimate of the War
Department, to raise four additional regiments;
and this he earnestly recommends to Congress.
It would have been very satisfactory to me, Mr.
Speaker, as I doubt not it would have been to
every gentleman on.this floor, now that we are re-
quired to vote on this bill, if the President had
advised us whether or not the people of Utah,as
a people, have done any act that would justify us
in committing against them, as the President pro-
poses to do, an act of war?
Disguise it as you may, the proposition under-
lying this whole project—this recommendation of
the President, this bill of the majority—is a prop-
osition to wage war upon the people within the
valley of Salt Lake. Now, [ am just as ready as
any other gentleman on this floor, when the proper
occasion arises, to vote the necessary supplies of
men and money to suppress rebellion in Utah,
or anywhere else within the limits of the United
States; but 1 must demand, on my oath and my
conscience, before I vote any such supplies, the
evidence of their necessity. And I but echo the
voice of the civilized world, when I say that no
nation should wage war, either foreign or domes-
tic, but upon absolute, stern, inevitable necessity.
It is the teaching of one of the greatest of all ju-
rists, "that war is oni of the highest trials of
right." Sir, a right must be involved before this
highest trial can be justly invoked. What right
is involved here ? The right, I suppose, of killing
indiscriminately the men, women, and children,
of Salt Lake City. I have no other information
than that which appears in the message. It strikes
me that the chief ground of all this quarrel, the
chief ground of this attempt to be made with your
A.rmy and four additional regiments to subdue
the people of Utah, is their having established in
their midst the institution of polygamy—an insti-
tution abhorrent to the whole civilized world, a
shame and burning disgrace to the people of the
United States. I am willing—and, I trust, as de-
sirous as any one can be—that this institution of
polygamy in our midst shall be abolished. Every
good citizen of the United States must feel a sense
of shame that such an institution has been per-
mitted—nay, fostered—under the protection and
sanction, if you please, of the Government of the
United States.
But, I would ask, was not this Brigham Young
appointed Governor of that Territory and super-
intendent of Indian affairs by the late Democratic
President, (Pierce,) when Young was the chief
and head, as he still is, of the institution of
polygamy? Young is no more a polygamist to-
day than he was the day he received his commis-
sion. The only real ground of complaint that
appears against him, so far as I know, is that he
refuses,for the time being, to surrender the power
thus voluntarily conferred upon him by the Gov-
ernment. The reason of this refusal, as made
known here by their petition, is that your Army
now invading their Territory threatens their de-
struction. I do not know that, even if they have
violated, as I admit they have, the laws of mo-
rality and decency in establishing such an insti-
tution, that puts them entirely outside of the pale
of humanity, or subjects their women or children,
who have had, perhaps, as little hand in the mat-
ter as the President of the United States himself,
to, massacre.
I do not see any necessity for it There is an
easy way for suppressing polygamy in the Ter-
ritory of Utah. That is for the Government of
the United States, through Congress, to resume
and exercise its rightful authority over that Ter-
ritory. I need not be told here that it would be
unconstitutional to legislate against polygamy in
Utah. Why would it be unconstitutional ? Be-
cause the Constitution is entirely silent on that
subject? You may make all needful rules and
regulations for the government of that Territory.
You propose now to make one alleged needful
rule and regulation for its government, and that
is, to organize four additional regiments for the
purpose of holding it under military rule. The
Constitution of the United States is, I admit, si-
lent as to the crime of polygamy; but it is equally
silent as to the crime of murder, or the crime of
robbery, and yet you have spread upon your
statute-books laws prohibiting the crime of mur-
der anywhere within the Territories of the Uni-
ted States, or within (lie exclusive jurisdiction of
the United States, and punishing it with death;
and you have also United States laws prohibiting
the ciinie of robbery within the Territories or ex-
clusive jurisdiction of the United States, and pun-
ishing it by fine and imprisonment. It is equally
constitutional to enact that polygamy, committed
anywhere within theTerritories orexclusivi. juris-
diction of the United States, shall be held a crnne,
and that, on due conviction thereof, the party
committing it shall be punished with appropriate
penalties. I believe there is not a State witlun
the Union in which polygamy is not made a crime
by statute, and punished as such.
Why should not this offense be at once pro-
hibited by law within the Teintory of Utah be-
fore we make it the pretext for exterminating tliQt
people by the sword ? I think it does not become
| the American Congress to imitate the pernicious
j example of Caligula in punishing as offenses
against the law, acts done before the law was
' passed, or before the subject had the opportunity
j of knowing what the law was.
I I will say further touching this contioversy with
j Utah, that the people of that Territory were lit-
erally told by the law of 1854—told by the Dem-
ocratic press from Alaine to California—told by
the official communications of the Democratic
Chief Magistrate of the United States, that they,
in common with the people of every United States
Territory, were perfectly free to establish their
domestic institutions in their own way, and what-
ever domestic institutions they chose, even that
of polygamy. They were further told, sir, that
they would be protected in their domestic institu-
tions whatever they might be, by the Army and
Navy, if need be, of the United States. That
was the real position assumed heretofore in regard
to this question. In this loathsome institution of
polygamy you may see one of the legitimate re-
sults of that demagogue cry of " squatter sover-
eignty" or the right of the first fifty or five hun-
dred adventurers m any Territory of the Lnited
States to set tip any domestic institutions not
expressly in conflict with the Constitution of the
United States. Young has literally acted upon
your suggestions, and nowyouproposo to destroy
him and all his people for doing precisely wjiat
you said he might dd. . - *
I would, then, in this emergency, as the ca^s:
now stands, say this: that so far as that great of-
fense has anything to do in this matter", let u3
reach it by statute; at least let us start in thp right
direction, by prohibiting it in the future. Let us
do that, and then let us go a step further. Let
us first try in the language of the law of nations-^--
that law which ought to govern our .municipal
regulations, and apply to the domestic wars Mg
well as to national wars—let us try all peace-
ful means. To suppress polygamy we are asked
to resort to the sword. Have their people other-
wise offended ? We have before us the memo-
rial of the Legislative Assembly of that Territory,
in which they say they are ready to receive any
civil officers that may be appointed by the Gfov-
ernment of the United States, recognizing the au-
thority of the Government of the United States,
and praying that the Government of the Unite,4
States will not subject them to the ravage and de-
struction attendantupon an invading a^my. Why
not try the experiment of first sending out civil
officers to Utah before you send yourAr.iny?
Send your Governor and send your chief justice,
without any military parade, into the Territory,,
and see if the people there will not peac.eably re-
ceive them ana recognize their authority.' If,they
do, then these four additional regiments'are un-
necessary. _ ,
But suppose they are unwilling to listen to the
voice of reason, or, as the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Boyce] the other day well said,
they have become blind to their own interest, and
willing to provoke an extermination by the sward;
suppose that to be the actual condition of things,
of which I protest I am not advised, nor is any
gentleman 111 this House so advised: still I "aver
there is alfeady a sufficient, force of the Army of
the United States in Kansas, which is not needed
there, to supply the required four regiments; and
which, in conjunction with the force now under
Colonel Johnston in Utah, would be sufficient to
exterminate all the Mormons in the Utah valley.
Mr. Speaker, if I were alone ip this opinion,.al-
though it would suffice for myself, I would not
impose it upon any man with a view to affect his
vote upon this bill. But, sir, the sufficiency of
tins Kansas force is not my opinion alone. The
late Secretary of War, now a distinguished Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis J a mail as
distinguished in the field as in the Cabinet, has
recently spoken to the country upon this ques-
tion. I think that gentleman fully competent to
judge upon this point. He has recently made
this distinct announcement: " that the foice under
the command of Colonel Johnston was. in his
judgment, sufficient to put down all resistance in
tli at Territory if they could reach Salt Lake City."
He says further: " if Colonel Johnston has the
transportation which will enable him to move, he
will subdue resistance with the force he has."
Colonel Johnston's force is now two thousand
men. An additional force of two thousand or
twenty-five hundred men would enable him to
move. That is the opinion of the late Secretary
of War. The President only asks for four addi-
tional regiments, or about three thousand men.
There is that force of three thousand men, or more,
in Kansas and its vicinity. The President may
supply the four regiments from that force now
wrongfullykeptin Kansas. Thisisclear. Where,
then, I beg leave to ask, is the necessity for these
additional four regiments of seven hundred and
forty men each ? There is no necessity for it, un-
less you deem it necessary to keep the four regi-
ments of the regular Army in Kansas perpetually,
to enslave, in the future as in the past, her free
citizens.
The argument of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Curtis] proceeded upon the hypothesis that
the President of the United States is already armed
with sufficient authority, under existing statutes
of the United States, to employ the Army of the
United States in the suppression of insurrection
or resistance to the laws in Utah. The argument
of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. (Juit-
man] proceeded upon the same hypothesis-. i
think those gentlemen were right in their assump-
tion, and that my colleague [Mr. STANro J-.w,as
wrong in suggesting that the law \vhich gavo tile
President that powe.r was unconstitutWBflj 0T l"j
operative. I believe the statute of. 1807 >S,.r" '
