2198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
that the joint resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and printed.
Mr SEWARD. I submitted a resolution of
inquiry yesterday in regard to difficulties in the
.Gulf of Mexico, to which the honorable Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] objected. I believe
he has no farther objection to it, and I ask the
Senate to take it up and pass it.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion; and it was adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire whether anv legislation is necessary
ro enable the President of the United States to ptotect
American vcsaeL against British aggression in the Gulf of
Mexico or elsewhere, and to repoit by bill or otherwise.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Commit-
tee on Printing, to whom was referred the motion
to print the message of the President of the Uni-
ted States in answer to a resolution calling for
information relative to the seizure, in the valley
of Litana, in Peru, by the authorities of Chili, of
the proceeds of the cargo of the brig Macedonia,
the property of citizens of the United States, di-
rect me to report favoiably on it. The document
is before mc. The cost of printing it will be $903.
It is in regard to the current business before the
Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Relations
consider it important to have it printed. The
Printing Committee have not read it. It is im-
possible that wc can read all these large docu-
ments. We have not the time to investigate them.
If there be any objection to the printing, we must
refer the Senate to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, that asked the printing of the document.
The Committee on Printing report in favor of
printing it, since it relates to current business;
and they have the guarantee of the Committee on
Foreign Relations that it should be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Wc, who arc on the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, referred that docu-J
merit to the Committee on Printing Lecausc we J
were unable to read it ourselves, and expected our 1
friend from Arkansas to do so for us, (laughter;] ;
and if he has not read it, the whole okject of the i
reference has failed, it is a very convenient mode ,
for one of our committees, when we s;et a pack- !
age too long for them to read, to refer it to the !
Committee on Printing. However, 1 will vote \
with the Senator from Arkansas. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. In regard to J
the compliment the gentleman pays me, I have no 1
doubt that my reading it and ascertaining it would :
be of great value to the Committee on Foreign j
Relations, since I have nothing to do with that !
committee, and I do not suppose my opinion I
would be of any value to them, or would be held j
of any great value, c\en if I did read the docu-
ment and give an opinion on it. Now, it is for j
those gentlemen to defend themselves,ifthey want •
this document printed. They ask for the print- ,
ing to save themselves, I presume, the trouble of
reading it in manuscript. Whether the Senate
will permit them to get rid of the trouble of read-
ing it in manuscript, I do not know. I rather
think those Senators should be compelled to read
it, and save §900. [Laughter.] Their time, per-
haps, could not be better spent.
Mr. MASON. I am surprised that the Senator
from Illinois, as a member of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, should not be entirely con-
versant with the nature of these papers. They '
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Iiela- ;
lions some tune ago, with ail inquiry whether it I
was proper they should be printed, and the com-
mittee has reported m favor of the printing. I
take it lor granted, then, that the honorable Sen- :
ator from Illinois, as a member of that committee, ,
jrf familiar with those papers. J, as one of that ;
committee, looked into the papers. I had a cor-
respondence with the Secretary of State, and be-
came satisfied that it was of great public interest
that they should be printed, for two purposes. ,
They respect a very large claim, amounting to
several hundred thousand dollars, of citizens of
the United States on the Government of Clnh for !
spoliations committed on American property, not ;
in Chili, but within the limits of Peru. The cor- ;
respondence has extended through many yeaVs, ,
and has been vigorously pressed. In addition, j
questions of international law are raised, which j
the Secretary of State thought, and I concurrcd •
with him, it was very important should be in pos
session of our Ministers abroad. I think that will
amply compensate for the printing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Virginia
expresses his surprise that I should not have been
familiar with what was contained in these papers.
Probably "I should have made myself so, but for
the fact that, having implicit confidence in the
chairman of the committee,and he having assured
us that he had looked into the papers, we thought
that was sufficient without putting the rest of the
committee to the trouble of examining them.
Nothing but our confidence in the chairman, I
assure him, prevented each member from reading
the whole of the papers. [
Mr. MASON. I can assure the Senator that j
the chairman fully appreciates the extent of that;
compliment; but I do not think, at the same time, 1
that he is entirely exonerated, for it is to be pre- ;
sumed that the chairman of the committee com- j
municated their contents to the whole of the com- |
mittec. The same confidence that justified him i
in following the chairman would justify him in a I
declaration that the contents were derived from !
the chairman. i
Mr. DOUGLAS. I took it on faith. My faith |
would have been complete but for the fact that the j
chairman deemed it necessary to refer it to the j
Committee on Printing, to ascertain whether he ;
had been right. [Laughter.] i
The motion to print was agreed to. !
LEMUEL WORSTER.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up j
a bill granting a pension to Lemuel Worster. It |
will not take live minutes, I apprehend. I ask it I
because it is a bill which has, I think, four times I
passed the Senate; and at the last session of Con- .
gress it also passed the House of Representatives, :
but then it did not reach the President. I think !
if the Senate would pass it now, it is one of those i
bills that may go through the House and receive .
action at the present session. It will not take |
three minutes. i
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator will not press
his motion. He will recollect that yesterday, ,
durinir the morning hour, the bill relating to the
Patent Office was taken up and left as unfinished !
business of the morning. !
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the bill I have moved i
to take up will be disposed of. !
Mr. YULEE. WjII it give rise to debate 5
Mr. HAMLIN. I think not. If it docs I v/ill |
give way. i
The motion was agreed to; and the hill (S. No. !
294) lor the relief of Lemuel Worster was read ]
a second time, and considered as in Committee :
of the Whole.
it diiects the Secretary of the Inteiior to place 1
the name of Lemuel Worster, of Lebanon, Yoik
county, Maine, upon the roil of invalid pension- ,
ers, at eight dollars per month, from the 1st day j
of January, 1855, during his natural life. No ,
sale, transfer, or mortgage of this pension p'rior '
or subsequent to the passage of the act, is to be .
valid; but it is to inure solely to the benefit of ;
Worster, and remain in his control, or thatof his
legally appointed and qualified guardian, under '
suitable bonds for its proper disbursement for his '
benefit.
His father, Captain Alexander Worster, now
deceased, was in command of a company of mili-
tia, and in September, 1814, received orders to !
march to Kittery Point, in the State of Maine, '
and join himself to the troops there rendezvousing i
for the defense of the coast against British inva- |
sion. Ten days after effecting a junction of the '
forces detailed for that service, an order was re-
ceived from the War Department to organize the
companies of one hundred men each. Under this i
order Captain Worster's company and the com-
panies commanded by Captains Thompson and
Ayers were consolidated into two companies,
under command of Thompson and Ayers, and I
Captain Worster was appointed-first lieutenant ,
of Captaiii Thompson 's company, and commis- !
sioned assuch. Under the regulations issued, each |
commissioned officer was entitled to, and each ap- !
pointed, a servant or waiter. They were usually
selected from among the enrolled men, and de-;
tailed for this duty, under pay and rations; but in ■
thismstancethe officers exercised their discretion,
and selected their attendants outside of the ranks. ;
In tins selection, no regard was paid to age, pro-
vided the person was capable of performing the
duty; and Lieutenant Worster appointed his son
Lemuel, then twelve years of a<re,and, in the lan-
guage of the affidavit of Captain Thompson, ac-
companying the papers, a smart, active lad, who
served as such, and was constantly in the line of
his duty, until he was taken sick of camp or spot-
ted fever." This disease prevailed to a fearful
extent in the camp, and petitioner was violently
attacked by it, and continued in a critical situa-
tion until long after the troops were discharged—
Ins father remaining atKittery Point in charge of
him for a-long time after that event. After a slow
and painful recovery, it was found that the dis-
ease had made sad havoc of the energies and fac-
ulties of the petitioner.
Not only was his health completely broken
down, but he lost the sight of one eye entirely,
the faculty of speech was gone, and he was per-
fectly deaf—all hopes of his usefulness or happi-
ness in life utterly destroyed. In this situation,
he has lingered to the age of fifty-two years, al-
ways a charge upon his friends. Since the death
of his father his situation is one of entire depend-
ence upon charity, and the kindness of those in-
different to his comfort and necessities. He now
prays Congress, as an act of chanty and justice,
to grant him a pension for the remainder of his
life. There is, of course, no law providing for
the case; but had Lieutenant Worster appointed
his servant from the ranks, as it was his privilege
to do, instead of requiring the duties of his son,
that attendant, if thus disabled, would be pro-
vided for in the general statutes; and had the son
been an enlisted soldier, there would have been
no question in the case. In view of the fact,
that although a boy, he was appointed to enter"
upon and discharge the duties that would other-
wise have been required of an enrolled soldier,
the committee think the case is brought within
the intent of the law, and it being a case appeal-
ing strongly to the charity of Congress, aside
from the question of right, recommend an act for
his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
t*ed to be engrossed for a third
third time, and passed. '
amendment, ordered
reading, read the tin
JWi SHERLOC
SHERLOCK AND SHIRLEY.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask leave of the Sen-
ate to call up a bill which has been reported from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
for the relief of Sherlock <fc Shirley. It is very
important to the parties that it, should be acted
upon. 1 think there is no difficulty in the case;
and, if the Senate take it up, all that will be ne-
cessary will be to lead the report of the commit-
tee, which is bnef. I think the honorable chair-
man of the Post Office Committee [Mr. Yulee]
will say that it is a meritorious bill. It is one
which I think will create no debate.
Mr. YULEE. I presume it will lead to no dis-
cussion.
Mr. IVERSON. I object to thisirreguiarmode
of taking up private bills out of their.order. It
will result m defeating the whole consideration of
the Private Calendar. A Senator is interested m
a particular bill; he asks the favor of the Senate
to take it up; he gets it taken up and passed; and
then lie takes no further interest in anything else
on the Private Calendar, and will always vote
against taking it up. This practice of letting gen-
tlemen take up their private bills to-day and to-
morrow, and passing them as a matter of grace
and favor, is wrong. Petitions are introduced in
order, and they are referred to committees; the
committees act on them, and report their bills in
order; and in my opinion there is no better rule
on the face of the earth than the old miller's rule
of grinding every man's grist according to the
time he brings it to the mill. It, is unjust to other
claimants, that individual cases should be taken
up out of their order, It is proper that every
man should have his case considered in its turn;
and I trust that the habit the Senate has got into,
of taking up cases out of order, will not be toler-
ated longer.
1 do not know anything about this particular
bill; I may vote for it; doubtless it is a meritori-
ous case; but I object to the practice which Sen-
ators seem to be getting into, of taking up private
bills, considering and passing them out of their
order. I think the better plan would be to devote
