136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March IS,
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Hell,
Senate.
not entitled to any greater credit than common
witnesses, and by courtesy alone did he concede
them that. He said they traveled over the coun-
try, looked about, and came to the conclusion that
so great a number of voters could not be there.
This was the sort of evidence upon which his
friend from Kentucky held his immense fabric of
fraud and unfairness. Sir, not only did Governor
Walker and Secretary Stanton examine the mat-
ter, but others of undoubted integrity have con-
firmed the existence of the frauds alleged. A cen-
sus has been taken, and forty-nine is returned as
the number of residents in the Oxford precinct.
Mr. WILSON. Theie are forty-three voters
in the precinct of Oxford, according to the actual
census returns.
Mr. BELL. There could not be many in that
county, because the Shawnee Indians own nearly
all the land. How many are there in the whole
county?
Mr. WILSON. Three or four hundred voters
in the whole county.
Mr. BELL. I have examined the proof, but-I
cannot retain all the facts in my memory. The
Oxford returns were rejected by Governor Walker
on the ground of irregularity m the returns. Sin-
gular as it may seem, lie appears to have consid-
ered it necessary, to justify his interposition, to
find out some irregularity in the certificate or re-
turn , although he was convinced from the first that
the return was fraudulent. Well might the elo-
quent Senator from Kentucky exclaim that fraud
seems to have become native to the region of Kan-
sas, and to claim the privilege of being a sort of
established institution there.
The result of the October election was, that
nearly every member elected to the Territorial
Legislature was a free-State man.
Theconvention reassembled in October,accord-
ing to adjournment, and formed the constitution
which is now before us. When the fact trans-
pired that the convention had not submitted the
whole constitution to a vote of the people, and
that the question of slavery alone was to be sub-
mitted, and that in a form and under the restric-
tion of a test-oath which would prevent the
free-State party from voting, such a commotion
immediately arose as threatened to lead to blood-
shed and civil war. In this condition of affairs,
acting Governor Stanton, as a means of avert-
ing such a calamity, called an extra session of the
Territorial Legislature. Thatbody, when assem-
bled, passed a law for taking the sense of the peo-
ple upon the constitution recently formed, on the
4th of January last—the day fixed by the consti-
tution for an election of State officers and mem-
bers of the Legislature under that constitution.
The 21st of December last was appointed by the
convention to take a vote of the people upon the
slavery clause of the constitution in this form—1
"the constitution with slavery," " the constitu-
tion without slavery." There were six thousand
seven hundred and ninety-three votes returned
as cast on that day—six thousand two hundred
and twenty-six for the constitution with slavery,
and five hundred and sixty-seven for the consti-
tution without slavery. The remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky in regard to that
election were justified by the circumstances of the
case. Votes enough were returned m favor of the
constitution to overcome any majority that had
ever before been given m the Territory. There
had been eleven thousand and odd votes given in
the October election, and it was arranged to show
a vote to exceed one half that number. It is well
established by a commission appointed to inves-
tigate the subject under authority of the Legisla-
ture, that two thousand seven hundred, or nearly
one half the six thousand and odd votes returned
as having been cast on the 21st December in fa-
vor of the constitution were fraudulent; and about
an equal number returned as polled for State offi-
cers and members of the Legislature on the 4th of
January last. In the vote taken by authority of
the Territorial Legislature, on the" 4th of Janu-
ary, on the Lecompton constitution, there were
ten thousand, majority against it. The Senator
from Georgia says that on the same day there
were over ten thousand votes cast for State offi-
cers and members of the Legislature under the
constitution; and that to sustain the fairness of the
votes against the constitution the joint vote should
have been twenty thousand, I must conclude that
on that point the honorable Senator from Georgia
made his statements altogether in the dark, and
at random, in regard to the true facts and circum-
stances attending the votes taken on the 4th of
January. He asks the reason why these ten
thousand claimed as a majority vote against the
constitution did not vote in the election for State
officersand members of the Legislature. The cx- 1
planation must be obvious to all those who pre-
tend to know anything about recent events in
Kansas. A convention was called by the free-
State party to decide whether they should vote or
not in the election for State officers and members
of the Legislature, on the 4th of January. It was
contended that if they voted it would be taken as
a ratification of the constitution, just as the Pres-
ident now construes the vote actually given in
that election by a portion of that party. This view
being taken by a majority, the convention came
to a resolution not to* vote; but after the regular
convention adjourned the minority got together,
and, after considering the question fully among
themselves, decided that it was best to make an
effort to carry these elections; and those who
chose—more than half their party—voted under
the recommendation of the minority of the con-
vention.
I believe that no attempt has been made, from
any respectable source, to cast a doubt on the
genuineness of the vote cast against the constitu-
tion on the 4th of January last. The result of
that vote shows, incontestably, that there must
be a majority of at least four or five' to one, of the
people of Kansas, against this constitution.
I have now narrated the most important facts
in the history of Kansas affairs, which have any
material bearing upon the question before the
Senate, and upon which we may rely in deciding
whether this constitution should be .accepted or
rejected. These, however, are not the only ma-
terial facts connected with the case—I mean facts
calculated to show whether it is expedient, just,
or politic to admit Kansas with this constitution.
Assuming it as a point that cannot be contested,
that a large majority is opposed to the constitu-
tion, what are the further facts connected with
this subject material to be noticed? Governor
Walker declares to you that a large majority of
the people of Kansas are determined to resist the j
organization of a State government under this
constitution. Mr. Stanton expresses the same
opinion. The peopte themselves tell you the same
thing through their Territorial Legislature. Res-
olutions have been adopted by that Legislature
pledging their fortunes and their lives in resisting
this constitution. But there are some facts that
speak louder than words. The President has now
under him two thousand troops in Kansas; and he
expresses the hope that when this measure slinli
pass, he may be able to withdraw them. Why
nas he not withdrawn them before? He tells us
why. It is not considered safe to do so. When
and how Ions: after the adoption of this measure,
before he will consider it safe to withdraw the
troops from Kansas ? Of course, after the people
of Kansas shall, voluntarily or by force, have
yielded to the authority of this constitution. It
may take twice two thousand troops to force this
constitution on a people of whom such a large and
determined majority are opposed to it; and who
have shown, by their obstinate persistence in op-
position to the territorial government up to a late
day, that they are of a character and cast of men
that we may justly apprehend will continue their
resistance. They say that no State government
shall be organized under this constitution if it be
accepted by Congress. I know it is calculated
that the friends of law and order, and the natural
tendency to reaction after all great excitement,
will induce submission. The result may still be
civil war; but I trust they will submit.
But, sir, I am not yet done with the evidences
in my possession to show the true state of affairs
in Kansas. More than fifteen months ago the lead-
ing pro-slavery men in that Teriitory abandoned
the idea of making it a slave State; and I desire to
go a little into detail on that point, because I know
that, if this measure be rejected, it will be said in
some quarters of the South, nay, the idea is al-
ready artfully propagated, that a slave State can
be established permanently in Kansas if the meas-
ure now before the Senate should beadopted. The
Senator from Georgia said to-day that his friend
from Kentucky only had the evidence of Governor
Walker and Secretary Stanton as to the frauds
alleged to have been practiced in Kansas; and who
are they? Those gentlemen, he said, did nothing
from the time they went to Kansas until they wore
taken out of it, except to violate the Constitution
of the United States, the organic law of Kansas,
and to break down the Administration that hnd
sent them there. Those statements confirm mo
in the impression that the Senator from Georgia
has made his entire speech with but very Irtle
knowledge of the state of things in Kansas. Will
he recognize the name and authority of Dr. String-
fellow, who, for the first two years of the exist-
ence of Kansas under the territorial government,
was the very soul of the pro-slavery party—the
Speakerof their House of Representativestluring
the first two Legislatures. What is his opinion ?
I have no direct authority to speak for him, but
am told that he has published a letter, which is
to be fpund in one of the public journals, stating
that since July last he has abandoned all hope of
making Kansas ajslave State, and considers it idle
to mako any further effort to effect that object.
Will the Senator from Georgia recognize the name
and crcdit the statements of such men as Dr.
Tebbs, a leading and influential upholder of the
pio-slavery party in Kansas, while there was any
hope of success ?—of A. W. Jones, who traversed
the South to obtain recruits to sustain the pro-
slavery cause in Kansas ? If the Senator ignores
the authority of these names, will he respect that
of General Whitfield, so well known as the former
Delegate from Kansas in the other House ? Will
he please to point out a single pro-slavery leader
in Kansas, unless it be John Calhoun, the sur-
veyor general of the Territory, who now main-
tains that Kansas can be made a slave State ? Will
they point out a single pro-slavery leader, who
has been m that Tei ntory from the first, who did
not concur with Governor Walker and Secretary
Stanton in their views and m their policy in rela-
tion to Kansas affairs? Of the twenty pro-slavery
journals in Kansas, all but one approved the pol-
icy of Governor Walker. They agteed that it was
idle to attempt to make Kansas a slave State at
any time since January, 1S57, the time Governor
Geary left the Territory. If the Senate will bear
with me, I will read a few passages from a slip
that has been placed in my possession, taken fiotn
the press of the Washington Union. I am in-
formed, on authority that I can rely, if any ques-
tion is made about it, that the publication of the
letters which are copied in this slip was suppressed
by a member of the Cabinet, and I do not know
but by the President himself. These are the pre-
fatory remarks of the editor of the Washington
'! Union:
"The following letter, addressed to a gentleman m this
j; eit.Vjbnc-i been handed to us tor publication. We cheerfully
;1 give place to the lettei for tlie puipose of removing any erro-
,i neou* implosion which may still linger m the minds of
| some of our southern friends' in regard to the present feel-
; ingd, seotimenisj and position of the pro-slavery men of
Kansas. Mi. Tebbs, the wnter, is widely known and uni-
versally respected. He is a Virginian by birth, a slaveholder,
and is one of the early settlers of Kansas. He ha3 been a
member of every Le«i latuie since Kansas became a Tei-
ntory; and it is scarcely necessary for us to add, that in
each instance repiesermng a vety decided pro-slavery con-
stituency. His radical views on the slavery question havf*
rendered him peculiarly obnoxious to the Black Republicans
of the Territory."
Then comes the letter of Mr. Tebbs, from which
I take this extract:
"Now, sir, how can it be that Governor Walker has done
so much, a* is charged, to abohtionize Kansas? If Kansas
is abahtionizcil it has been done by the pio-slavery parry,
and not by Governor Walker, for they had adopted thn pol-
icy long before he had entered the Territory. iiutcveiycan*
did man will see at a glance, and must admit, that neither
Walkernor the pio-slavery party have done it; but the sim-
ple fact that more anti-slavery men than pro-slaveiy men
have gone to Kansas, whether from interest, natutal or un-
natural causes, it matters not, they are there. But I will
not anticipate events or hazard predictions. Let the great
principle of populm sovereignty be fairlyand honestly car-
ried out. That is ail I ask."
Let me also read an extract from a letter of
General Whitfield to the editor of the Union, dated
Washington city, September 2, 1858:
" i have seen the letter addressed by Dr. Tebbs to a gen-
tleman in this city. His letter fully and fairly represents
the condition of parties in Kansas, both before and after the
advent of Governor Walker. And I have been perfectly
astonished, upon iny arrival here, to find the crusade from
