1358.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lccompton Constitution—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
the Fouth upon Governor Walker, charging him with an
attempt to ' aholuionize Kansas.' Jt required no action
from CJovenioi Walkei to make Kansas a fiee State. Its
doom, ii it l- fixed, wa* fixed long before Robert J.Walker
ever enteit'd the Territory.
T icpeat ajrtnn, &ir, thai, knowing Br. Tehbs well, and
knowing him to be thoroughly poured upon Kansas affairs,
I indorse fully bis views and conclusions as expressed" in
his letter to you."
Dr. Tebbs makes this further statement in the
letter from which I have just read:
" That m January, 1857, loin or five months before Gov-
ernor Walker anived m theTerntory, the pro-slavery patty
lit Id a convention of all the member* of the Legislature and
of delegates from every county in the Teriitory to discuss
the condition of parties, and leading pro-slavery men delib-
erately declared it as tbeii opinion that the pro-felavery party
proper was in a hopeless minority."'
The convention to which I have just alluded
concluded that it was no longer worth while to
attempt to form a slave State in Kansas. When
a convention was held, in July last, to nominate
candidates for the October election, over which
Judge Elmore, one of the largest slaveholders in
the Territory, presided, the same opinions were
announced. Not only that, but, fiom the date
of January, 1857, the position was taken by the
leading pro-slavery men that the constitution to
be formed by the delegates to be elected on the
,5th of June should be submitted to the people;
and if not, that it ou°du to be rejected by Con-
gress. General Whitfield himself said, in a speech
made last summer, that it ought not to get ten
votes in Congress, if it were not so submitted.
I have adduced the testimony furnished by the
letters and verbal statementsof thee«riyand most
influential pro-slavery leaders in Kansas, to show
that the views I have piesented of the actual state
of things in that Terntory do not rest exclusively
upon the information furnished, or the opinions
expressed, by Governor Walker and Secretary
Stanton. I was, myself, under the impression
last spring and summer, that Governor Walker,
as well as the President and his Cabinet, was
looking more to party and political objects than
the support of any particular interests the South
could have in the management of Kansas affau s;
and it is due to that gentleman, whose course has
been so harshly denounced in this debate, that he
should be vindicated and sustained by a reference
to the course and policy of leading pro-slavery
partisans, upon whom no shadow of suspicion
rests, as to their perfect fidelity to the slavery
cause in Kansas. It appears now, incontestably,
that long before Governor Walker arrived m Kan-
sas, and" even before the advent to power of the
present Administration, the idea of making Kan-
sas a slave State had been abandoned by those
leaders who had the deepest interest in the ques-
tion, being slaveholders themselves. Theutmost
they had any hope to accomplish, by the concil-
iatory policy adopted in the convention held on
the second Monday in January, 1857, and again
in the convention held in July following, so far
as the interest of slavery was concerned, was to
protect the right of property in the slaves then in
the Territory. Governor Walker, in his letter to
Secretary Cass, dated 15th July last, states that
" It was universally admitted here (Kansas) that
the only question is this: whether Kansas shall
be a conservative,constitutional, Democratic, and
ultimately free-State, or whether it shall be a Re-
publican and Abolition State'"
After it became known in Kansas t-hnt the Ad-
ministration had changed its policy, and p'utiou-
larly after the increased exasperation of the free-
State party, which ensued upon the promulgation
of the Lccompton constitution, I learn from a
well informed and reliable source, that a huge
proportion of the slaves have been sentout of the
Territoiy; and that of the two or three hundred
there a year ago, not more than one hundred re-
main—.some say not exceeding fifty.
It is a most striking and remarkable feature m
the present status of tins question m Kansas, that
it is not the slaveholders who are most active and
forward in keeping up this controversy against
all hope of making Kansas a slave State, but po-
litical adventurers, chiefly office-holders or orfiee-
seekers, who have not the slightest interest in the
questions beyond the expectation of some per-
sonal benefits. Henderson, who is implicated in
the perpetration of election frauds, is, I am in-
formed, a special mail agent; Calhoun is sur-
veyor general of the Territory, and McLain his
chief clerk. Others I might name, who are only
seekers of office. I fear Lmay have done General
Whitfield, who h an office-holder, an injury by
quoting him as authority in supportof the policy
of Governor Walker. The Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Green,] in his opening speech, an-
nounced that he had seen a telegraphic dispatch,
stating that he had been notified'by the free-State
party to leave the Territory. I hope that is not
true; and as there has been no confirmation of the
statement, I conclude that there was no founda-
tion for it. The danger to which I may have ex-
posed him lies in another quarter. I hope he has
had the prudence to abstain from taking any part
in this question since he was informed of the
President's present views, which would expose
him to executive vengeance.
My friend from Florida [Mr. Mallory] said,
in his able speech the other day, that it would be
difficult to persuade the people of the South that
if this constitution be rejected by Congress, it will
not be upon the ground that it recognizes slavery.
That is also the opinion of the honorable Senator
from Georgia, and others. Unless it be that these
honorable Senators want some immediate pretext
for a movement in the South, I advise them to in-
vestigate this question more fully than they seem
to have done, before they conclude to make the
rejection of this measure, should it be rejected, a
ca^usdisjunctionis. We are told that it will be dif-
ficult to persuade the people of the South that any
other objection exists to this constitution except
that it recognizes slavery, and these opinions are
avowed in the face of accumulated frauds and ir-
regularities connected with its history, and though
it is clear that four fifths of the people of Kansas
are opposed to it.
it will not do for these gentlemen to say that
there is no record, or other satisfactory proof, to
show the frauds and irregularities alleged against
the Lecompton constitution, or of many other
statements made by ihe opponents of this meas-
ure in relation to the state of things existing in
Kansas. The supporters of this measure in the
Senate and jn the House of Representatives have
obstinately persisted in voting down every propo-
sition to investigate and take proof upon the con-
tested questions of fact; and I take it for granted
that this course would not have been persisted in,
unless it was understood that the facts would turn
out to be as they have been charged.
If I have not wholly misconceived and misstated
the material points in the history of Kansas af-
fairs which preceded the formation of the Le-
compton constitution; if I have not misrepresented
the facts connected with its formation; if I am not
wholly mistaken in the views I have presented of
the existing state of public sentiment in Kansas
in relation to this constitution,^ it becoming the
character of the national Legislature to accept this
instrument as the organic law of the new State
which is proposed to be admitted into the Union5
Is it fit, is it becoming the Senate of the United
States, to stamp this constitution, with all its at-
tendant circumstances, with their approval, and
send it to Kansas to be abided by or resisted to
blood by the people there? Surely, sir, there
ought to be some great and overruling pohticUl
necessity existing m the condition of affairs to
justify such a proceeding. The President, 1 un-
derstand, from his special message, to say that
such a necessity does exist. He insists that in
no other way can this dangerous slavery agitation
be terminated, and peace be testored to the whole
country. lie insists that, if Kansas shall bo ad-
mitted into the Union under this constitution, this
sectional controversy will, at all events, be ex-
cluded from the Halls of Congress; that the agi-
tation upon this subject will be localized, and
confined to the people whom it concerns. This is
no new conception; such an experiment has been
made before. The country lias already had the
benefit of a great lesson upon this subject, if it
will only profit by it. If I may venture to tres-
pass on the patience of the Senate, I propose to
sketch the history of that experiment and its re-
sults. I think it will be found rich and abound-
ing in suggestions as to the probable consequences
of the renewed experiment proposed to be made,
in localizing slavery agitation m Kansas.
Four years ago, when it was proposed to repeal
the Missouri compromise—to adopt the principle
of non-intervention, and to concede to the people
of the Territories the right to settle the question
of slavery in their own way«s—it was said by the
advocatesof the measure that as soonas the prin-
ciple of it came to be understood all agitation and
discussion upon the subject of slavery in iheTer-
ritoiies would be localized—excluded from Con-
gress—and the country would be left in undis-
turbed repose. So boldly and confidently were
these views maintained that the whole southern
delegation in Congress—Whigs and Democrats,
with seven or eight exceptions, together with
many Democrats from the free States—came, into
the supportof the measure. How were these bold
predictions verified ? In less than one month of
the time during which the Kansas-Nebraska bill
was pending in Congress, nearly the whole North
was in a flame of resemmentanu opposition. Old
men, of high character and great influence, who
had for twenty years opposed the policy and de-
signs of the abolition faction in the North, sud-
denly became its allies and coadjutors. Thousands
of the best citizens at the North, who had exerted
aM their energies to repress all opposition to the
execution of the fugitive slave law of 1850, became
suddenly converts to free-soilism. The religious
feeiings of whole communities became frenzied.
The pulpit was converted into an engine of anti-
slavery propagand ism, and hundreds of thousands
of sober-minded and conservative people at the
North, who had never countenanced scctionnl
strife on the subject of slavery, evinced that they
had thrown off their conservatism, and were ready
to array themselves under the banner of any
party leader or faction to check the progress of
the South in what they considered its aggressive
policy.
After that demonstration of opposition at the
North, but little more was said in debate of the
tranquilizing character of the measuie. But its
most influential suppoitcrs fiom the South, be-
coming inflamed and irritated by the fierce invec-
tives with which the measure was assailed, boih
within and out of Congress, became, in their turn,
reckless (apparently at least) of all consequences,
and seemed only bent on victory—on obtaining
a triumph by passing the bill! It was in vain that
they were admonished that they were adding
largely to the abolition faction at the North; that
they were increasing the free-soil element of po-
litical power m that section. They admitted no
distinction between Abolitionists and Frce-Soil-
ers, and denounced all at the North, who opposed
the bill, as Abolitionists and foes to the South.
Some gentlemen declared that the screams of the
Abolitionists weie music to their ears. It was
idle to warn men, in such a tempest of passion,
that, instead of sowing the seeds of peace, as they
had promised, they were sowing dragons' teeth,
that would spring up armed men. So intense did
the feeling become on the subject, that some south-
ern members of Congress, who had gone into
the support of the bill on the idea that the Mis-
souri restriction act was a violation of the treaty
with France, and who would not have listened
for a moment to the admission of aliens to the
right of suffrage in the Territories, lost sight of
these views under the influence of the furor that
was gotten up among the friends as well as the
opponents of the measure? and they became even
more determined champions of the bill when these
grounds of then otiginal adhesion were entirely
swept away—one by the rejection of the Clayton
amendment, and the other by the Badger proviso—
than they were at the outset. There were, how-
ever, a few of the supporters of the bill who to the
last contended that the intemperate demonstia-
tions of opposition at the North were but ihe
ebullitions of temporary excitement, which "would
subside as soon as the equitable and just ptinci-
ples of the bill should be exhibited in their prac-
tical operation in Kansas. On what flimsy grounds
that delusion was indulged, and how soon and
under what circumstances it vanished, I need not
recount. The recollection of every patriot mu^t
still he painfully impressed with them. It is
enough to say, that soon after these principles
were put in operation in Kansas, disorder, an-
archy, and citfii war, ensued in rapid succession.
It required the strong arm of the Government of
the United States, and the interposition of the
military force, to sustain the territorial govern-
