1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2199
an hour every morning: to the consideration of the
Private Calendar, and I would, if the Senate please,
call up a resolution I laid on the table some days
ago to postpone the calling of the special order
until one o'clock, so as to give two hours every
morning for the consideration of private bills,
taking up the Calendar in its order, so that all these
bills may be considered in their turn, and justice
be done to everybody.
It must be obvious to the Senate, I think, that
one hour every morning is not sufficient to the
business separate and apart from the spccial order.
The appropriation bills will now be considered.
For the rest of the session we .shall be occupied,
probably, four or five hours a day in the consid-
eration of appropriation bills. One o'clock is
soon enough to take up the appropriation bills,
because we shall then spend four or live hours in
their consideration, and the Senate, at the expi-
ration of that time, will be in no condition to take
up any new matter. It is betu-r, therefoie, that
we should consider this extio business in the
morning hour. Reports ft om committees are being
rapidly brought into the Senate, and will become
more numerous as the session advances to its
close, so that more than one hour will he wanted
to make reports and introduce resolutions and pe-
titions; and I think we ought to have at least one
hour every morning for the consideration of other
matter separate and apart Irom the appropriation
bills. If the Senate will take up my resolution
and postpone the consideiathyi of the special
order of each day untd one o'clock, giving us two
hours for the consideration of morning business
and the Private Calendar, and then take up the
Private Calendar after the morning; business ot
twelve o'clock, I think that will facilitate business
very much. I hope the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky will be withdrawn for the present,
and let us take up and act generally on these lulls
under the resolution I submitted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This is a bill of no con-
sequence scarcely, except to the parties; and I
cannot consent to withdraw the motion to take it
up. It is a matter of urgent necessity to them to
have this billpassed at the present session: which
it will stand no chance of doing, unless the Sen-
ate will be so good as to act on it this morning.
I wonder at the vehemence with which the gen-
tleman from Georgia assails "this motion of mine,
when it was immediately preceded by an appli-
cation of a like sort, to which no objection was
made.
Mr. IVEItSON. I will yield, for this occasion,
to the motion of the Senator from Kentucky, and
allow this case to lie taken up. After that, I hope
the Senate will indulge me in taking up my reso-
lution, nnd acting upon if.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I do not object to taking
up the bill proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, for the simple reason that 1 think the prac-
tice which prevails in the Senate is a very good
one. I rise merely to enter a dissent from the
ideas suggested by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Chums; hccause, from my obsci-
vation of the state of the Calendar, and the way
we do business under it, it is perfectly clear to
my mind that we shall never accomplish anything
of any consequence in regard to private bills if wo
always take up the Calendar in its order, and do
not sometimes take up private bills out of their
regular order. Why, sir, it is perfectly notorious
that there are old settlers here who have been hero
time out of mind, and come every Congress: they
never set passed, and they never get rejected; but
they always get on to the first pait of the Calen-
dar', being always heie and always ready. They
go to a committee early, and are reported by the
committees early, and are put upon the Calendar;
and when they come in here they are debated to
the end of the chapter from January to July.
Mr. IVERSON. That objection can be obvi-
ated by taking up the Calendar and passing over
these cases.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion here: I think this debate is not pertinent
to the motion of the Senator from Kentucky; but
it will be proper enough \\ hpn the Senator from
Georgia calls up his resolution. I hope we shall
not have that debate on this proposition.
Mr. EBSSENDEN. 1 think my remarks were
quite as pertinent to this motion as most of the
remarks of the Senator from Georgia were, be-
cause th' y wu*e m rep1'.' to hinr. mid when my
friend from Illinois seeks to correct the practice,
I wish he would begin in the beginning, and not
in the middle.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I thought the right way was
to begin in the middle, so as to apply both ways
and hit Georgia and Maine at the same ttmp.
| Laughter. J
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. If it would
have that effect I should have no sort of objection.
But 1 think my remarks are in order; for this mo-
tion is to take up a bill; and 1 am arguing to show
why it should be taken up; because, if we do not
take it up in this way, and agree toother motions
of a similar description, we shall nevervget any
j private bills passed at all. I think these remarks
i are strictly in order. But, as I said, it makes no
1 sort of difference whether I direct the remarks I
; may have to make particularly to the resolution
; of the.honorable Senator from Georgia, because
' it is manifest to me that the practice we have had
is a good one. It is that occasionally during
I the morning hour, bills of comparatively trifling
| amouiK, or even of larger amount, to which there
: can be and is no possible objection, arc disposed
I of by the courtesy of the Senate, which is cx-
i tended to nil alike on different occasions; and thus
; a great amount of good is done, which would be
| prevented if we followed the course pointed out,
I of taking the old bills on the Calendar, and argu-
ing them through. We should never get through
! anything in that way. I hope, therefore, that
I the courtesy which has usually been extended to
| others will be extended to the Senator from Ken-
; tucky on this occasion, and that it will be con-
; tinned
! Mr. IVERSON. I only want to make a sug-
; gestion in reply to the observations of the Sena-
i toi fiom Maine. If wt; take up the Private Cal-
endar dunng the morning hour, with an order
, that the Calendar be called, and only those bills
1! be passed to which there is no objection, we ob-
\iate the difficulty he presents.-
, Mr. FESSENfrEN. I am in favor of that.
Mr. IVERSOIV. If we only occupy an hour
once a week in that process, we could get off the
i docket all the mei itoiious cases to which there is
no objection.
The motion of Mr Ciuttkn*de\ was agreed to;
and the bill (S. No. *2^1) for the relief of Sherlock
& Shirley was read a second time, and considered
; as in Committee of the Whole.
1 It authorizes the Postmaster General to exam-
ine the cases of fines charged against Sherlock &
. Shirley, under their contract for carrying the
mails on route No. 5103, from Louisville, Ken-
1 tucky, fo St. Louis, Missouri, and to remit so
' much of the fines as, in his judgment, ought not
1 to be enforced against the contractors.
; Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senator from
: Kentucky if this is a proposed authorization to
the present Postmaster General to review the de-
' cisions in cases of fines made by the former Post-
master Genei al'
( Mr. CRITTENDEN. The application was
! made, hut not acted upon, by the former Post-
1 master G^-nei al.
I Mr. BEN3 A.MIN. I am quite willing that the
1 present Postmaster General may act in regjud to
any fines which were not acted upon by his pred-
ecessor; but I am opposed to the whole system
of allowing any Postmaster General to review
lines which were decided upon and inflicted bv'
, his predecessor.
i Mr. CRITTENDEN. There was no decision,
I am mfoimcd, by the former Postmaster Gene-
ral. The applications were made to Mr. Camp-
■ bell, but he made no decision on them. 11 is only
desired now that the present Postmaster General
shall review these cases, and shall excuse the fines
if the cases come within the ru'e usually adopted
: by the Department for the excuse of fines.
; Mr. COLLAMER. Perhaps a want of ac-
quaintance with the practice of the Department
: mav have led the Senator from Louisiana into the
remark he has made. The truth is, that the fines
: and forfeitures—deductions, es they are called—
' i are made upon the reports offai lures of the mail,by
. the postmaster® alona; end at the end of the routes;
' and immediately upon these leports coming in to
;■ what is called the inspection office, the fine or for-
' tenure that grows out of the terms of the contract
j; is entered, as a matter of course. For instance,
'! if the trip has failed, its price is deducted from the
! turn to be paid to the cohtia'Uur, and that deduc-
tion is entered at once. Afterwards, on an inde-
pendent proceeding, application is made to the
head of the Department by the contractor, to remit
that; and on applications of that kind, three fourths
of all the fines, and probably a larger proportion,
are remitted. They are always remitted when the
contractors can show a good and sufficient reason
for the failure; as, for example, unavoidable ac-
cident. Now, if we were so to con6ne the bill as
to say that the new Postmaster General could not
remit those forfeitures which were entered by his
predecessor, we certainly should do a very great
injustice.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not advert to the class
of cases of which the Senator is speaking.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that this \s
one of those very cases.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I know one case in which
such an application has been made; and I consider
a great abuse was committed, where Congress
gave power to a Postmaster General to review the
decisions of his predecessor refusing to remit a
fine, and the application was made to excuse the
parties over again.
Mr. COLLAMER. This is an entirely differ-
ent affair.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If this is not one of that
class of cases, I have no objection to the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 understand it is not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Secretary to read
the bill again.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted* r , That the Postmaster General he. and
i-> hereby, autiioii/.cd to examine tin: cases of fines charged
ruMinst Sherlock & Shirley under their contiaeUbr canymg
the mads on louie N'o. .>103, from Lomsvtlfe, Kentucky, to
St. 1jOui-\ Miwmn, and to remit so much ot such fines as,
m his judgment, ou§ht not to be enforced against the said
contractors.
Mr. YULEE. The report will explain the facts
of the case.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask whether the Post-
master Geneial has not the power under the gen-
eral law to lemit these fines5 1 understand he
has.
Mr. COLLAMER.. He has power to remit the
penalties and deductions which he makes by vir-
tue of the terms of the contract. But the difficulty
sometimes arises in this way: an application is
made to him for a remission; he passes upon it,
and refuses to remit, and afterwards the parties
wish to proceed to a further showing in relation
to the case. A new Postmaster General is al-
ways exceedingly slow at any rate; and some of
them have gone so far as to say that they never
would interfere or hear any further about a remis-
sion on which a former Postmaster General had
passed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The object of this bill, then,
is to authorize the Postmaster General to review,
in his discretion, cases adjudicated by his prede-
cessor.
Mr. COLLAMER. That will appear by the
report. *
Mr. YULEE. The report states the facts.
Mr. POLK. [ understand that the predecessor
of the present Postmaster General has passed on
this case, and refuses to renpt; and, therefore,
this bill is one of the very class mentioned by the
honorable Senator from Louisiana. In looking
hastily over the report I see the complaint is that
the predecessor of the present Postmaster Gen-
eral took no excuse for ice, fogs, or low water.
The matter has been passed upon by the former
Postmaster General, and the object of this bill is
to have a new decision. I so understand the case.
1 ask the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads if this is not so?
Mr. KING. I ask that the report be read.
Mr. YULEE. The report, which is brief, ex-
plains the facts in the case. Let that be read;and
then, if necessary, a further explanation can bo
made.
The Secretary read the following report made
by Mr. Yulee on the 28th of April:
The Committee on Post Offices and Po«t Road?, to whom
wars leh'ried tire petition of Sherlock &• Shirley, contuiel-
ors foj earning the mad fiom Louisville,Kentuckv,to
Lou'j, Mi<'-onn, praying to be relieved irom certain lines
alleged to iui\e been unjustly imposed on tliein, beg leave
!' t0The°peiiiioner5 allege that, for the ycais 1851,1S.V2.18o3,
and 18.M. thev weie the contiactors for cni-iymg the mails
on ioute No. 5103, from Louisville, Kentucky, to St. Louis,
Mit-souri, winch seiviee wa< to be performed daily, ia
steamboat. <u the compensation oi $70,00) pel annum.
That betuun the l-l U-U'ihei. and 31st Dee-mix r,
