so
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
to issue them. Feeling a strong desire to benefit
the commercial interests of the country, in its re-
suscitation from embarrassment, I feel a very
strong desire that the notes which shall be issued
by the country shall not take the character and
meet the fate of a permanen tloan ,but that they shall
go into the circulation of the country immediately
as an equivalent of gold and silver, and for that
rfeason I want as Iowa rate of interest as possible.
These are my views. They were at first sub-
mitted with deference, but they remain unchanged.
■ Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from New York [Mr. Seward] seems to think
that the commercial revulsion through which we
are now passing, was brought upon us by the
suspension of specie payments by the banks, and
that the revulsion is now over because the banks
have resumed specie payments. If this is the idea
of the Senator, I must differ from him altogether.
The suspension of the banks did not cause the le-
vulsion—the revulsion caused the suspension of
the banks. This sudden commercial revulsion
which swept over the country with appalling force,
carrying aown monetary institutions, business
corporations, and commercial houses, and turning
out of employment tens of thousands of toiling
men, was not brought upon the country by the
suspension ofthe banks of New York and Boston,
which were tht  last to bend before the storm, and
are now the first to right up when the violence of
the storm has somewhat spent its force. The
banks of New York were the first to feel the ap-
proaching revulsion; they undertook to breast the
storm, to save themselves byasudden and violent
oontiaction of their loans, but after a vain strug-
gle they were compelled to yield—to go down—
under the pressure their own short-sighted and
selfish policy had increased. The Boston banks,
which had adopted a policy far more liberal, fol-
lowed the New York banks in the suspension as
they have now promptly followed them in the re-
sumption of specie payments. This early resump-
tion of specie payments is a gratifying evidence
of the resources and strength of the resuming
banks, but it is not an evidence that the effects of
the revulsion have passed away. Light is dawn-
ing. The violence of the pressure has ceased—
the panic—which did not, as the Senator fiom
New York suggests,cause the revulsion, although
it greatly increased its force—has partially sub-
sided, and the country is slowly recovering from
the effects of this sudden and sweeping commer-
cial storm.
But this revulsion was broughtupon the coun-
try by causcs far too gieat, and its effocts have
been far too general and destructive, to pass away
at once. The country possesses vast resources,
and the energies of the people mo so great, that
wo shall recover from the effects of the pressure,
and bound forward in the race of prosperity.
But weeks and months must pass away before we
shall fully recover from the effects ofthe pressure
under which the interests, business, and labor
of the nation now suffer. The rates of interest
continue to rule high; money, to the masses of
business men and the people, continues exceed-
ingly scarce; merchandise of most descriptions
has depicciatcd in value at least thirty per cut.,
to almost ruinous rates; hundreds of manufac-
turing and mechanical establishments are closed,
or work on short time, and at greatly reduced
rates for labor, and tens of thousands of mechan-
ics and laboring men are out of employment, or
laboring for wages which will hardly affoid to
themselves and families even the absolute neces-
saries of life. Sir, I live in a commonwealth
largely engaged in commerce, manufactures, and
the various mechanic arts, and I know that the
business of that State is but slowly recovering;
that many manufacturing establishments and me-
chanic shops are yet closed; that thousands of
intelligent, skilled, and industrious men are still
seeking of their trllow-men leave to toil.
. Sir, this monetary crisis, this wide-spread com-
mercial revulsion, came upon the country ata tune
of apparent prosperity, at a season when the earth
bore upon its bosom thelargestharvest the farm-
ers of the country were ever summoned to gather.
Years of great prosperity have followed each other
in succession. During these years of prosperity,
the various causes have sprung up which have
this year precipitated upon us a commercial crisis
of unexampled severity. Revenue laws which
were not wisely adjusted to protect the productive
industry and capital of the country; a banking-
system not wisely guarded by law or prudently
directed; a vast expenditure of capital in unpro-
ductive railroads; an undue expansion of credits
by States, cities, corporations, banks, and busi-
ness men, resulting in enhanced prices, excessive
importations, over-trading, wild speculations in
western lands, and public and private extrava-
gance, have precipitated upon the nation this
sweeping and far-reaching revulsion, the effects of
which are everywhere seen and felt. The wave
which has swept over us has reached the Old
Worid, and the monetary institutions, thecom-
' mercial houses, and all classes of people in Eng-
| land, France, Germany, and, indeed, all western
! Europe, are shaken by its force. Governments
) have been compelled to interpose their powers to
l break the force of this pressure. American stocks,
! mercantile credits, and staple products have fallen,
| and all is distrust concerning the future.
j Now, sir, if Senators believe that we are at
j once to recover from the effects of this crisis now
j upon us, which we see by the news just received
I from Europe is now producing bankruptcy and
| distress, they are greatly mistaken. If they be-
j lieve that the importations during the coming six
' months, for the remainder of the present fiscal
I year, are to equal either in quantity or value the
I importations of the corresponding months for
i 1836 or 1857, they are, in myjudgmont, altogether
mistaken. While millions of merchandise are
held in your warehouses—while millions of mer-
chandise of most kinds remain on hand at depre-
ciated prices which are almost ruinous—while
the merchants of the sea-board hold millions of
dollars of renewed or protested paper, they will
be in no haste to go in to foreign maikets for goods.
European merchants and manufacturers, smart-
ing under losses already incurred, and the ruin-
ous depreciation of stocks and goods, will be in
no haste to crowd their goods upon a losing mar-
ket. The money market will soon become com-
parative! y easy; but the immense saciifices which
the merchants have made to sustain their credit,
the losses they will incur on renewed notes which
will not be metat maturity, the ruinous deprecia-
tion of merchandise now unsold, and the great
lesson of economy taught the people by this dis-
astrous revulsion, will tend to check importations
during the remainder of the present fiscal year.
The Secretary of the Treasury estimates the
balance in the Treasury on the 1st of July, the
close of the present fiscal year, at less than half
n million of dollars. I believe when that day
dawns upon us we shall find no balance at all.
We shall commence the next fiscal year with an
empty Treasury. The Secretary estimates tho
expenditures for the year at $75,000,000. The
Secretaries of War and the Navy ask for new
regiments and new ships, which will call for sev-
eial millions more; several millions of claims are
pressing upon us for payment; and we have a
Mormon war impending over us. When the year
1859 opens upon us, these Treasury notes must be
paid. On that day I think we shall lind no money
m the Treasury to meet their payment. We shall
find, if J am not mistaken in my estimates of the
effects of the present revulsion upon the revenues
of the next twelve months, both upon the lands
and the customs, that we shall have to borrow
millions of money to meet the obligations ofthe
Government.
Now, sir, J am willing to vote for this bill as a
temporary expedient. J am not willing to increase
the national debt, or to commence a system of
expedients to supply the ordinary wants of the
Government. While 1 shall vote to give the Gov-
ernment the means to meet its immediate wants,
I demand that Congress shall reduce the expend-
itures, or so revise Die revenue system as to enable
the Government to promptly meet its obligations.
Mr. DAVIS. I look on the proposition that
is submitted to us as simply a proposition to bor-
row money for the immediate use of the Govern-
ment. If the Government is censurable for the
fact that the Treasury is empty, or about to be-
come so, then I can perceive the point of the in-
quiry as to the cause which has produced the
financial distress and thus prevented the receipt of
revenue into the Treasury. 1 would say, how-
ever, that I have heard not yet assigned what I
believe to be the true reason for the diminished
revenue of the United States. Among the re-
marks which have been made, theie have been
some directed to that interest and to that section
of the country which I, in part, represent. The
honorable Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Sim-
mons] yesterday gave warning and advice to
those who represent the cotton-growing region.
To-day, time after time, we have heaid one cause
and another assigned,.and among them, chiefly,
the great imports of the country.
Now, sir, that, as the country increases in its
wealth and population, imports should increase,
should excite the surprise of no man. I am sorry
that it should excite the regret of any one. It is
a fact that the imports of last year did not exceed
those of the preceding year as much as those of
the preceding year exceeded those of the one be-
fore it. There is a steady progress, owing to the
very great prosperity of the country, and some-
j thing ia  also due to that excitement which over
j banking produced.
I The sale of cotton is usually transacted by
bills of exchange. That is the ordinary com-
mercial course: and the whole embarrassment
which fell on the southwest and the lower Mis-
sissippi, was due to the fact that the goods were
imported into the city of New York which were
consumed m that section, and the cotton was
bought with bills which were to pay for the goods
imported into New York. When New York,by
extravagance, by her speculation i n railroad stocks
and western lands, became bankrupt,and was no
1 longer able to pay for the goods she imported, not
| because there were not consumers in the country,
i but because they had proceeded on credit alone in
! their importations, and could not, therefore, buy
! the bills of exchange which were to move the cot-
! ton—then it was, and for that reason entirely, that
] commercial distress came upon the southwest.
{ We are told, also, of the great increasing ex-
; penditures of the Government. Sir, I have no
rcspect for that sort of economy which adds up
long columns of figures, and announces this to be
economical and that extravagant. This year one
may spend a large amount and next year a small
amount; but, if the fruits of that expenditure of
this year remain to posterity, and are worth more
than the money disbursed, that is good economy.
Then again, sir, how are administrations, this
or the past one, to be held responsible ? It comes
badly from the other side of the Chamber, where
so many criticisms, and even denunciations, were
heaped on the last Executive for his vetoes, to
now point to the aggregate sum expended, and
arraign that as an accusation against him. The
estimates of this Administration are sent to Con-
gress m accordance mainly with the acts of Con-
gress. Change the service if you wish to reduce
the expenditure. It is idle to call on the public
officer to reduce the estimates, and yet require
him to perform the particular service. The Pres-
ident and his Secretary rccommend measures in
advance of legislation, bccause m their belief they
are nocessaiy for the good of the country. It is
for the Senate and House of Representatives to
decide whether they will adopt the recommend-
ation or not; but if they adopt the recommend-
ation—if they impose the execution of the duty
on the Executive, they have no right to turn around
then and add up how much has been expended,
and charge it to the Executive.
As to the advice which was given to the cotton
planters, (which, if I understood it correctly, was
that they were to encourage an increased con-
sumption of the raw staple in the United States,)
I will merely say that if that encouragementis to
be given by paying additional duties on impoi ted
goods, that is to say, if we are to get our neigh-
bor to use our corn by sending him a mill to
grind it, we have a right to add up the dollars
and cents there, also, and ascertain whether it is
to our interest or not. My impression is that it
is not—that it matters not to us where our cus-
tomer comes from. We have an article to sell,
and it is for sale to him who will give the most for
it. New markets are an advantage, but encour-
agement to a particular buyer is none. We want
markets in every quarter of the world, so that the
consumption of that staple which we produce may
keep pace with its increased production, or, if it
exceed it, may enhance the value of it to those
who produce it. So far as this is made into the
form of an appeal to our support to a protective
tariff, I imagine there is not one among us who
will ever yield to it.
Looking upon this bill, however, as a mere
