2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
I&34, the following fines and deductions were imposed and
deducted from their pav, v\& :
4t[i quaitei ol l8« l. fines  n<l deductions  $570 00 j
2d
3d
4th
1st
2d
3d
4ih
1st
2d
3d
4th
1852, no fines oi deductions 
3S.x>, " u
J 832, " "
18j3. fine  
18.>3j fines and deductions 
J 8.">3j " u  
1853, « <<  
3 853, «    
1854, « «  
]&>4, " fc£  
1854, «  
1854, « -<  
12 00
783 00
348 51
7,153 00
4,317 9-2
9,830 51
4d 1 34
12.035 96
7,746 12
Making in theaggiegate §'43 258 41 j
That in the settlement of the eases, up to the third nuarter j
of 1853, the Poptmastei Geneial tiaii settled each ca?o upon j
The evidence before the Dopaiunent; and when evidence |
was piodueed that tailuie-* wcio caused hy low water. loir, J
or ice> they were umtoirnly evcu^-d ; hut not <011 ndei I'o-st- !
master General Cani[)b(jl! In the fcoujonient of the caM> !
jor the thud fjnajrer of 1853, and theien.<ter. all e\eu-os |
were disregarded, thiown aside, and not con.-ideied. No
matter from whom, oi how made, whether tiom the • worn
oificers of the Govei nmcnt or alfnhiv of old, evpei leueed i
river men; that it wa^ shown conclu .i vely Unit ihe lailtne^ i
for that quarter weie caused hy tin1 extiemc low watet in
the nve , and the fo^ which pievented ihe boats from urn i
mug nights; that it was shown that the eounnetor.i made ,
due exertions to cany the mail thiou^h—>till thevuero :
fined or deilui led tor each lailuie ; and Mich wa* the case
witn f-ub-equcnt ^eM lenient** ft each qitaiferr. pay. 1
That they have marie fiecnmnt applications to the Po-t 1
Office Department to have thCNe fines icc\ammed and ie- |
united, and never could have anyaetion upon the av   until j
the protent Postma-t^r Geiu'ial cameinto tin iulnihu-tia |
tion of the Depaitme/if, when he made an ouicr dccnnmir ;
to reopen the ea<e, as having passed beyond his conno! by |
the action of Ins piedcces-oi, without, Mtine action of Con- '
gress. ;
That believing it to be the settled policy of the Govern- i
ment for legislative bodies not to mterteie clueetly in the i
busmen which-piopoilv bolongs to tlx I3.\ecntive, and it '
being a lule of the Executive, fatelv adopted, nor, to lecon- j
sider ctws or alter decisions winch have been made by an [
outgoing Admini.-a i at ion by the meoimnir one wttliout a lis 1
olution to that effect 1'iom Cniigif^-s, they, tlieieioic. piav
that a resolution be parsed authoi i/an<: and dueetip™ the j
piesent Postmaster (.V net al to open and re< on-'dei f he i .i^e- j
referred to. that the fine- and deduction - in«n l><' ie<ul|U-H d, 1
fixed, and remitted, aeeonhng to equity and jn>tne—, and 1
the rules of the lVpaiiment. j
The i onimitti'c < on-idei u liaris a-Ked by the petitioners I
to be leJHonablo The\ --eek only an auihoiitv i<  flu- i'<> t-
ni.ntcr Geneial to ieview a euse in In- own Oepaitment, ■
judgment upon which has been iiitiu-ted to thatOepinf ;
inept, and action upon \vlm h, in iho oi dmaiy eoui-e of n> !
hu.sitie.SM, h onlv pi evented hy a piactiee piev.ulinti in the i
Department lot one Po-nnastet Geneial not to review ea.es
rtnec acted upon hv a p,-<jdeee*for. tinier bv authority oi a
legislative act Thev iepoit a lull which they iceommrnd.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of twelve
having arrived, it is the duty of tlx* ('hair to call
up the speeiul order of (he clay: hut hy the general
consent, of the Senate the question can ho taken
on this bill. If no amendment be ofi'eied, the hill
will bo reported to (ho Senate.
Mr. BENJAM IN. 1 wt?,h to suggest nn amend-
ment in the form of a proviso, to be inserted at
the end of the bill, to this efleet, that nothing in
this act shall he so consti ued as  o authoi ize the
Postmaster General to icview am! rever.se the de-
cisions of his predecessor. If there is anything
not acted upon by Ins predecessor,! ampeifoctly
Willing that he should ae,t upon it. j:
Mr. YULEE. There will he no objection to \
that proviso with the additional words, cxcept ;|
upon new proof." (Jasevs should always be open j
to new proof. |
Mr. POLK. I hope the Senator from Louisiana
will not accept thai amendment.
Mr. }Jl£NJA.M I N. I do not intend to accept it.
I offer the amendment which I indicated, in these
words:
Provided, That nothing; in tins act contained >hall be <>o
c-onsti ued as to authoi r/.n the I'o-nnaMet Cieneial to re vet m:
or'iccon-ider any dcci.-ion on the subject of wid fines made
hv Ins piedeees-oi.
' Mr. YULEE. ' That defeats the whole hill
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest a further
proviso—
Provided a/so, That the Po-.ttna->ter General shall posses
the >(itnc authority in all -miliar cases.
Then*are a good many of them, and it will save
the trouble of yassin^ many similar bills. I know
a case much wouse than this.
Mr. KING. It seems to me we might just as
well meet this hill at onee upon its face, tor the
amendment of the vSmiator from Louisiana is a
proposition to nullify entirely the force of the bill.
All these cases have been passed upon by the pre-
decessor of the present Postmaster General; fines
were imposed and deducted from the contract
price of the party, and it js a fact well known; it ;
is mated ju the ienorr, I think 
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to suggest to my hon- J
orable colleague that we are losing a great deal of !
valuable instruction, because he speaks in so low ;
a tone that he cannot be heard acioss the Senate.
Mr. KING. I will endeavor to make myself
heard by my colleague. I would prefer, instead
of adopting the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana, to meet the bill on its face and reject
it. The amendment defeats it; and I prefer to
do so directly. My own opinion is, that the bill
ou^ht to be rejected.
Mr. HALE. I hope that the amendment of the
Senator from Louisiana will not be adopted. It
is not the policy of the Government, nor does it
conduce to the purposes of justice, that any one
tribunal shall be presumed to be infallible, so that
its decisions shall never be reexamined. During
this session I have had a place upon the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads; and, while I
have nothing to say against the character Of Mr.
Campbell—for I know nothing and have heard
nothing—I have heard that his administration of
his Department was exceedingly ntnct and rigid
—a great deal more so, in regard to mail contract-
ors, than that of any of his predecessors. If there
has been a case of injustice by him, I have no
doubt he acted from a hiirh sense of public duty;
but he administered the law a great deal more
stringently than it had ever been before; and I do
not flunk there is any danger in allowing Gov-
ernor Drown to reexamine any of those eases; and
then; is no impeaibinent of the late Postmaster
General in doing so. If it is m^nife^t to (Jongi ef-s
that injustice hns been done, what harm can there
be in allowing the present Postmaster Genera!,
who is an intelligent gentleman and a very faith-
ful officer, to examine; and where is the necessity
of Raying that we will give no possible relief that
shall militate, m any degree, with the doings of
the former Postmaster General? 1 hope, if the
bill is to be passed, it will not be saddled with any
such amend ment.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment of the Senator
from Louisiana seems to me to dehat the whole
purpose of the bill, as 1 gather it from the report.
The leport sufficiently shows that the purpose is
toenable theprcsent PostmasterGeneral to review
a decision of Ins predecessor. I think the rule of
the Department is never to review the decision of
a predecessor, unless upon new testimony of such
a character as leads the incumbent to believe that
his predecessor would have given a different de-
cision if that new testimony had been before him;
and tins rule of public policy is founded, as well
m the necessity of protecting the Department from
(he labor of reviewing and revising all that has
been done in the four years preceding, as of pio-
teehng the Govei nmcnt from the export? showing
every eiatmantmay make of his own case. I think
the rule a wise one. It has existed from a very
early period in our Government. It was very
lucidly set forth by Mr. Wirt, when Attorney
General. I think it is better to adhere to it in
neat ly every case. Ifthese parties have brought
new testimony, r>uch as would have induced the
late Postmaster General to have given a different
decision, then, under thngeneral usage, the pres-
ent Postmaster General has power to review the
case, if they have no such new testimony, if
they merely complain that the late Postmaster
General was too rigid, I am opposed to opening
the case by any new action of Congress, for I
think we shall only secure the proper transmis-
sion of the mail by rigidly enforcing on the con-
tractors the obligations they incur.
Mr. POLK. I am in favor of the proviso of-
fered by the Senator from Louisiana, because I
believe the effect of it will be to destroy the force
of the relief that is sought by this bdl. Like the
Senator from Mississippi, 1 think the public in-
terests require that mail contractors shall be held
to a strict accountability. We have no showing
here at all that any new evidence is proposed to
be offered. The statement merely is, that the
late Postmaster General was not m the habit of
yielding to excuses ofTeted for detention by fogs,
ice, and low water; whereas lus predecessors had
been in the habit of doing it. Now it is proposed
to impose upon the present Postmaster General
the extraordinary duty of reviewing the action
of his immediate predecessor. In the first place,
there is no showing made that any new evidence
can be offered; and, in the next place, if these
fi!;<.s be zcmitted, the conse'oucncc will bo that
there cannot be a fair competition in bidding for
the mail contracts. Large capitalists will come
in, and make their bids at low lates, with the ex-
pectation that they are to be released from all fines
imposed for a failure to meet their contracts when
there is an intervention of low water, or fog, or
anything of that kind; and the result will be, that
the fair competition that ought to be established
in the bids for these contracts will, in my judg-
ment, be necessarily defeated. Inasmuch as the
elfect of this may be to exclude to a certain de-
giee bids of men of small means, I hope that the
old rule will be adhered to in this case, and that
the present PostmasterGeneral will not be allowed
to review fines that have been passed upon by his
predecessor, when we have no evidcrrce that any
new pioof at all has been produced, or will be
produced, and, at all events, if it were produced,
it would be ex pen te.
Mr. YULEE. I think the objections of Sen-
ators will cease, when they understand the true
put pose of this bill, and the position in which it
puts the case befoie the Post Office Department.
I think the principle for which they are contend-
ing is sufficiently met by the actual condition of
the matter. It is not a case in which it is pro-
posed to require the Postmaster General to review
and to set aside a formal final decision of his pred-
ecessor. The state of the case is different, and
I will state it: the Senator fiom Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer,] who occupied the position of Post-
master General for some yeats, and is therefore
familial with the bourse of piacticein the Depart-
ment, lias stated very propeily a pait of the pio-
cooding, so far as he supposed it was applicable
to this case; but it went a step beyond that. The
course of proceeding is for the Chief Clerk, upon
leceivmg a notice ftom the pt oper postmaster that
a faiiuie has occurred, to enter up a fine; the con —
tuietor sends in his excuse; that is to say, low
'water, or high winds, heavy, rains, or whatever
may be the reason. The Postmaster General
considers upon that ordinary exhibition of the
case, and decides yea or nay whether he will re-
nut. if lie decidi s aganis! fhr cjnti actois, then
they come, prepared wu h a fuller exhibition of the
case, as these parties did. They came forward
for a reexamination upon a fuller testimony than
that which is ordinarily given to meet the ordi-
nal y action of the Department. Tnesc parties
state in their memoilal that they applied,as is the
ordinary course in such cases, to Mr. Campbell
for a reexamination upon the new proofs exhib-
ited by them, and tlmt he, as Postmaster General,
nevei decided upon it; never considered their ap-
plication for reexamination while he continued in
ollice; but left their application pending when he
went out; and the fiist attention they were able
to draw to it was from the present Postmaster
Geneial, who found himself restricted from a de-
cision by a practice prevailing in the Department
not to take up a ease winch had occurred and
been acted upon under a predecessor, without the
authority of Congress. I am inclined to think
that the PostmasterGeneral applied the rule too
smelly m this instance, and it is a pi oper case for
reh< f.
Mr. BENJAMIN. _ Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question ? I wish to ask him if
tiiat view of the case would not be met by insert-
ing in the amendment the word "examined,"
saying that no case which has been examined and
decided by his predecessor shall be reopened.
Mr. YULEE. The case had been examined
and decided on the first ordinary exhibition, but
it was a reexamination that was applied foi, as
is usual in these cases—a reexamination on fuller
evidence. The Senator from Vermont will ptoba-
bly recognize that as the usual couise of proceed-
ing in the Department.
Mi. DOUGLAS. Allow me to suggest whether
the inseition of the word " finally" before " de-
cided" would not make the amendment of the
Senator from Louisiana answer? If there be an
undetermined case hanging over on the applica-
tion for a rehearing, it strikes me that under the
general law the Department has full power now.
i know nothing at ail ahoutthe factsof th.scase.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
from Illinois permit me to state what I undexstand
to he the case ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only a word to say
myself, and 1 trust my friend from Minnesota
Will allow rac to say it. 1 know something about
