1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO®E.
March 18,
tfrftil to-morrow morning. I do not know that I
shall even insist on a reference of the subject to
the Committee on Printing.
■ The joint resolution was postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. SEWARD subsequently said: A joint res-
olution from the House of Representatives, in
relation to the distribution of some public docu-
ments, was before the Senate a few minutes ago,
and its consideration was arrested on the motion of
ihe'chairman of the Committee on Public Printing,
lie finds it all right, on examination, and with
the leave of the honorable Senator from Georgia,
who is entitled to the floor, I ask that it may be
put on its passage.
The resolution was again taken up.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is no
necessity for the reference of the joint resolution.
kIt is a very simple matter, and may as well be
passed at once.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and
QUESTION OF ORDER.
Mr. STUART. On last Monday evening a mo-
tion was made by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] that the Chair be directed to
request the Sergeant-at-Arms to send for absent
members. I raised a question that such a motion
was not ill order. The Chair decided that xt was;
and from that "decision I appealed. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Pcgh] moved to lay that appeal
on the table, and it was done. I now move to
proceed to the consideration of that appeal, and
upon that question I ask for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will take
the liberty of saying to the Senator from Michi-
gan, as he recollects the decision made by him,
that he ruled to be in order a motion by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to direct the Sergeant-
at-Arms to request the attendance of absent Sen-
ators, The Chair subsequently ruled that, at that
period of the session of the Senate, in lus opin-
ion, there was no power, in less than a quorum,
to compel the attendance of absent Senators.
Mr. STUART. That may be. I only want
to take up the question of the appeal which was
laid on the table; and I say very frankly that my
object is to bring the attention of the Senate to it
at this time, to show that there is nothing here,
and that there was nothing then to lay upon the
table, to show the absurdity of the proposition;
because a subject which could be laid on the table
would remain there to be taken up at any subse-
quent time. My point was, that a mere motion
could not be laid on the table; and when 1 took
the appeal, the Senator from Ohio seemed to think
that it could be laid on the table. I did not wish
to pursue a disturbing system of inquiry by the
Senate, and I let it go. But at this time, when
the Senate is calm and cool, I make the motion
for the purpose of showing that there is nothing
on the table now, and the honorable President
cannot find what was laid on the table on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio; the Secretary
cannot find it. There is no paper there; there is
no subject; and that is the view taken when the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] read from
the Manual, to show that a proposition might be
laid on the table, and it seemed to be considered
that a motion was a proposition. A subject can
be laid upon the table—such a subject as you can
find again—and take up again when the Senate
has disposed of the business under consideration,
and is ready to proceed to the consideration of
that. But, sir, if you are to look for this appeal
of mine, laid on the table, you cannot find it;
there is nothing there.
Now, sir, I have accomplished all that I desired,
simply to call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that a mere motion which can be renewed at
any time, is not such a proposition as can be laid
upon the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
insist upon his motion ?
Mr. STUART. I have accomplished all that
I desired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there isno mo-
tion made, the Chair will take up the business
upon the Calendar.
MASSACRE OF EMIGRANTS TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. I offer the following resolution,
and if there be no objection I should like to have
it considered at the present time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate what steps have been taken, it
any, to punish the parties implicated m the massacre of one
hundred and eighteen emigrants to California, at the Mount-
ain Meadows, in the Temtoiy of Utah.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. GWIN. I have not called attention to the
subject-matter embraced in this inquiry before
this for the reason that I had supposed that a
military expedition would have been organized in
California for the purpose of cooperating in Utah
Territory with Colonel Johnston. When it is
considered that a force composed of as fme a ma-
terial as the world affords could have left Califor-
nia, and, long before this, could have traversed
half their journey to Salt Lake City, it cannot be
denied, if the Federal Government need addi-
tional troops in Utah, that my supposition had
some foundation, Contrary to my own ideas and
vote, the executive authority-has been denied by
Congress the increased military means which
were asked; and hence it is now apparent that no
large force can be sent from California to Utah.
I am afraid that in this we have committed a
grave error. I am afraid that if the Federal arms
should be resisted by misguided and rebellious
men, the power and dignity of our country will
not be vindicated by so imposing a force as the
serious necessities of the case may require.
But, sir, I am induced by reasons peculiar to
my position as Senator from California, to invite
your attention to the incidents referred to in my
resolution.
In September last, an emigrant train, composed
of fifty-six men and sixty-two women and chil-
dren, according to the best information that I can
procure, were passing through Utah Territory,
on their way to my own State. They were on
our own soil, engaged in no unlawful pursuit;
and yet, Mr. President, they were all murdered
except a few children. I am unable to give to
you the details of this horrid massacre, as they
still remain shrouded in mystery. All that I can
tell you, sir, is that one hundred and eighteen
American citizens, including in this number sixty-
two women and children, have been massacred
without cause, and that as yet their blood is un-
avenged.
It is true, sir, that this outrage was not com-
mitted within the limits of California, or we, our-
selves, without awaiting the tardy action of the
Federal Government, would have sought and
obtained a bloody vengeance; but the murdered
victims had an intention to become Californians.
They had left their homes in what you call the
Far West, and, gathering then household gods,
had taken up their march for our golden land of
promise. Nay, sir, when they had reached the
fatal Mountain Meadows, their longing eyes could
almost behold -the snow-covcred peaks of our
mountain ranges.
In all that constitutes unity of feeling and in-
terest, they had become citizens of California, and
as such, sir, as a Senator of that State, I am here
to ask an account of the blood of my constituents.
As I before remarked, the details of this awful
massacre are not known. There is no doubt that
the various Indian tribes in the vicinity of the
[ Mountain Meadows were the immediate agents
in this butchery; and, sir, it is lamentable to say
\ that, in the opinion of many well-advised parties,
; the Mormons themselves were their instigators
i and approvers. Upon this point no such positive
' evidence lias been received as would justify me
[ in asserting positively that they were guilty; and
, charity will gladly avail herself of any doubt
i which would iioid our common nature to be free
| from so horrible a crime.
| It is true, sir, that an intelligentand respectable
meeting of citizens of Los Angeles, after an ex-
amination into the facts, expressed their deliberate
conviction that the Mormons were equally guilty
with the Indians, and asked the interposition of
the President.
But, sir, there is no doubt that the Indians are
culpable, and whether their guilt be shared by
the Mormons or not, still their responsibility is
the same, and the exactions of vengeance against
them are undiminished.
Mr. President, since the Americans commenced
to travel over the plains, since eur hunters and
adventurous trappers penetrated the remote val-
leys and gorges of the vast country lying between
the Mississippi and the Sierra Nevada, since the
Indian tribes between the Oregon and Sonora
lines first heard the American name, no such
reverse, no such loss, has been inflicted on us as
the destruction of these one hundred and eighteen
emigrants. We are accustomed to pity the poor
Mexicans along our frontier line who suffer from
the fierce inroads of the Camanches and Apaches;
but, sir, the sad history of their border warfare
will show but few, if any, more mournful and dis-
graceful massacres than the one of which 1 am
speaking.
The intelligence of this massacre has spread
yiroughout the numerous Indian tribes. The
impunity with which it was effected, and the rich-
ness of the plunder that rewarded it, will be in-
centive to similar acts. Heretofore, when Amer-
ican citizens traveled together, particularly in large
numbers, no Indian tribe would dare to attack
them, for fear of the vengeance of a Government
represented to them as strong and warlike; but,
sir, if this matter be permitted to go unavenged;
if this reverse be unrepaired, our prestige is de-
stroyed, and new and more frequent massacres
will take place.
We are now opening up the center of this con-
tinent, we are crossing it with wagon loads and
mail lines, and unless we crush these vile and
savage tribes with a strong hand, we expose to
dreadful massacres our citizens, invited to travel
in these inhospitable regions by our own action.
I have before remarked that these emigrants
were murdered without cause. There was a re-
port, derived from the Mormons, that the emi-
grants had poisoned the Indians back at Corn
creek; but investigation has proved this statement
to be utterly unreliable, and I have no hesitation
in stating my belief that it is a calumny on the
unburied dead. Yes, sir, on the unburied dead !
No Christian hand has ever extended the rites of
sepulture to the bodies of these victims; and an
American who traveled near there, ill a Mormon
tram, a few days after, was informed, by Mor-
mons living m the vicinity, that it would be un-
safe to attempt their burial.
Therefore, sir, I ask that the Secretary of War
may be charged to investigate this matter. If
this be proved true, I hope that an expedition will
be sent from southern California to indict upon
the guilty parties a vengeance so summary as to
be talked of with terror in every wigwam in the
great Salt Lake basin.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the resolution would
be more perfect if it were to require an inquiry to
ascertain who did this act—to find out first who
perpetrated the act. Before we punish them, I
think we had better ascertain who they were.
Mr. GWIN. We know that our fellow-citi-
zens were murdered. There is not one left to lell
the story.
Mr. HOUSTON. Some persons killed them.
The Mormons are suspected of it. Some Indians ■
must have been in the vicinity. Now, Indians
frequently go several hundred miles to start an
expedition for the purpose of killing the Indians
resident near that place; and Indians from another
quarter may come there, and be inculpated and
brought into jeopardy, while those who commit-
ted the crime escape. I think the inquiry would
be more proper to ascertain who. perpetrated the
act, and not make war without any foundation.
Mr. GWIN. It is well known that the Indians
in the neighborhood had a part of the spoils.
That has been ascertained. They were implicat-
ed; they ought to be punished, and every one to
whom it can be traced. I have no doubt that an
expedition, if sent there, could soon ascertain the
tribe of guilty Indians, and the white persons, if
any, who instigated it, as has been charged.
| Mr. HOUSTON. That would be very unsat-
| isfactory evidence, because Indians traffic, as well
i as white people, and exchange commodities. The
I murderers may have stripped them, and in pass-
ing back may have disposed of the articles to the
' tribes contiguous to where the massacre was per-
petrated. I am opposed to this indiscriminate war-
fare upon Indians, or Mormons, or any other peo-
ple, until theirguilt is ascertained. I want the facts
as to who perpetrated the crime ascertained, and
then inflict punishment according to the offense.
But to imagine tiiat somebody has done it, and
then fore that some '>ne must be killed or massa-
