1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
35th Cong....1st
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr, Bell.
Senate.
free governments fire founded on their authority
mu'l instituted for their benefit, and therefore they
have, at all times, an inalienable and indefeasible
right to alter, reform, or abolish, their form of
srovernmentinsuch manneras they think proper."
Tins language is identical with that employed in
! lie bill of" rights to be found in the constitutions of
.Connecticut, New Jersey, Tennessee, Alabama,
and Mississippi, and probably in those of many
other States, for I have not had time to examine
them all. What is meant by this declaration to
be found in the bill of rights of most or all of our
State constitutions? Nothing more is meant than
to assert the right of revolution—the antagonistic
doctrine to thatofpassive obedience, atone period
so strongly maintained in England.
It will be difficult to maintain, by any sound pro-
cess of reasoning, that this recognition of the right
of the people to change their form of government
has any reference to a change of their constitu-
tions; for, in all of them, their right to do thatis not
only recognized, but the mode m which it can be
done is distinctly prescribed. The principle as-
serted in a bill of rights, in anyState constitution,
is, that the people, when their rights of person
and of property are trodden down; when their
dearests interests are disregarded and sacrificed by
an unjust, arbitrary and oppressive government,
they have a right to change or abolish it by a re-
sort to the sword, if found necessary. They have
a right, under the circumstances I have described,
to establish a pure democracy, and dispense with
the use of all organic laws or constitutions, if
they choose. They may even establish a mon-
archy, if they believe that their rights and inter-
ests would be best protected and promoted under
such a form of government; but the right to do
all this is cleariy a revolutionary one. There
is no danger in the recognition of this right; but
there is danger in the admission of the doctrine
avowed.by the President, that a majority of the
people of a State may set aside all the guards in
their constitution against sudden and capricious
changes of its provisions, and change it as often
and when they-please. Such a doctrine reduces
all organic laws to a level with acts of the Legis-
lature. If such a doctrine shall come to be gen-
eially admitted and practiced upon, it cannot fail,
in 1 lie end, to lead to oppression and anarchy,
and make a resort to revolution and a change of
the form of government the only means of safety.
I had supposed that the chief merit of the great
American invention of written constitutions and
organic, laws was ill the protection they afforded
to "the rights of the minority against the tyranny
of.in mbitrary and capricious majority. Thedoc-
time of the President strikes down at a blow the
whole system of defenses and guarantees intended
fin the security of minorities. Majorities can al-
vays protect themselves.
But it is said that the great States of New York
and Maryland have practiced upon the doctrine
of the President in changing their constitutions.
If that be true, I maintain that they acted upon a
revolutionary principle; and the sooner that is
understood the better for the country and its in-
stitutions. A general acquiescence among the peo-
ple in an irregular mode of changing their con-
stitutions may result in no immediate danger; it
is in the precedent that the danger lies.
ThehonorableSenatorfrom Georgia announced
some great truths to-day. Ho said that mankind
made a long step, a great stride, when they de-
clared that minorities should not rule; and that a
fc'ili higher and nobler advance had been made
when it was decided that majorities could only
rule through regular and legal forms. He as-
serted this general doctune with reference to the
construction he proposed to give to the Lecomp-
ton constitution; and to say that the people of
Kansas,unless they spoke through regular forms,
cannot speak at all. He will allow me to say,
however, that the forms through which a major-
ity sneaks must be provided and established by
competent authority, and his doctrine can have
no application to the Lccompton constitution,
unless he can first show that the Legislature of
Kansas was vested with legal authority to pro-
vide for the formation of a State constitution; for,
until that can be shown, there could be no regu-
lar and legal forms through which the majority
could speak. But how does that Senator recon-
cile his doctrine with that avowed by the Presi- |
dent, as to the futility of attempting, by const.)- j
tutional provisions, to fetter the power of the peo-
ple in changing their constitution aS- pleasure?
In no States of the Union so much as in some of
the slaveholding States would such a doctrine as
that be so apt to be abused by incendiary dema-
gogues, disappointed and desperate politicians,
in stirring up the people to assemble voluntarily
in convention—disregarding all the restrictions in
their constitution—and strike at the property of
the slaveholder.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky inquired
what, under this new doctrine, would prevent the
majority of the people of the States of the Union
from changing the present Federal Constitution,
and abrogating all existing guarantees for the
protection of the small States, and any peculiar
or particular interest confined to a minority of the
States of the Union. The analogy, I admit, is
not complete between the Federal Constitution
and a constitution of a State; but the promulga-
tion of the general principle, that a majority of
the people are fettered by no eonstitutional restric-
tions in the exercise of their right to change then-
form of government, is dangerous. That is quite
enough for the purposes of demagogues and incen-
diary agitators. When I read the special mes-
sage of the President, I said to some friends that
the message, taking it altogether, was replete with
more dangerous heresies than any paper I had
ever seen emanating, not from a President of the I
United States, but from any political club in the j
country, and calculated to do more injury. I con-
sider it in effect, and in its tendencies, as organ-
izing anarchy.
We are told that if we shall admit Kansas with
the Lecompton constitution this whole difficulty
will soon be settled by the pi ople of Kansas.
How ? By disregarding the mode and forms pre-
scribed by the constitution for amending it? No.
I am not sure that the President, after all the lofty
generalities announced in his message in regard
to the inalienable rights of the people, intended
to sanction the idea that all the provisions of the
Lecompton constitution in respect to the mode
and form of amending it should be set aside. He
says the Legislature now elected may at its first
meeting call a convention to amend the constitu-
tion; and in another passage of his message he
says that this inalienable power of the majority
must be exercised in a lawful manner. This is
perplexing. Can there be any lawful enactment
of the Legislature in l elation to the call of a con-
vention, unless it be in conformity with the pro-
visions of the constitution? They require that
two thirds of the members of the Legislature shall
concur in passing an act to take the sense of the
people upon the call of a convention, and that the
vote shall be taken at the next regular election,
which cannot be held until two years afterwards.
How can this difficulty be got over? The truth
is, that unless all constitutional impediments ill
respect to forms be sot aside, null the people take
it in hand to amend the constitution on revolu-
tionary principles, there can be no end of agita-
tion on this subject in less than three years. I
long since ventured the prediction that there would
bo no settlement of the difficulties m Kansas until
the next presidential election. To continue the
agitation is too important to the interests of both
the gicat parties of the country to dispense with
it as long as any pretext can be found for pro-
longing it. Ill the closing debate on the Kansas-
Nebraska bill I told its supportersthatthcy could
do nothing more certain to disturb the composure
of the two Senators who sat on the opposite side
of the Chamber, the one from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] and the other from Ohio, [Mr. Ciiase,]
than to reject that bill. Its passage was the only
thing in the range of possible events by which
their political foitunes could be resuscitated, so
completely had the Free-Soil movement at the
North been paralyzed by the compromise meas-
ures of 1850. I say now to the advocates of this
measure, if they want to strengthen the Repub-
lican party, and give the reins of Government into
their hands, pass this bill. If they desire to weaken
; the power of that party, and arrest the progress
j of slavery agitation, rqect it. And if it is their
I policy to put an end to the agitation connected
i with "Kansas affairs at the eiuliost day piaclica-
ble, as they say it is, then let them remit this con-
stitution sback to the people of Kansas for their
ratification or rejection. In that way the whole
difficulty will be settled before tjie adjournment
of the present session of Congress, without the
violation of any sound principle, or the sacrifice
of the rights of either section of the Union.
But the President informs us that threatening
and ominous clouds impend over the country; and
he fears that if Kansas is not admitted under ,the
Lecompton constitution, slavery agitation will be
revived in a more dangerous form than it has ever
yet assumed. There may be grounds for that
opinion, for aught I know; but it seems to pie
that if any of the States of the South have taken
any position on this question which endangers
the peace of the country,, they could not have been
informed of the true condition of affairs in Kan-
sas, and of the strong objections which may be
urged 'on principle against the acceptance by Con-
gress of the Lecompton constitution. And I have
such confidence in the intelligence of the people
of the whole South, that when the history and
character of this instrument shall be known, even
those who would be glad to find some plausible
pretext for dissolving the Union >vill see that its
rejection by Congress would not furnish them
with such a one as they could make a«ai)abie, .for
their purposes.
! When the Kansas-Nebraska bill was under dis-
| cussion in 18o4, in looking to all the consequences
! which might follow the adoption of that measure,
I could not overlook the fact that a sentiment of
hostility to the Union was widely diffused in cer-
I tain States of the South; and that that sentiment
was only prevented from assuming an organized
| form of resistance to the authority of the Federal
I Government, at least in one of the States in 1851,
by the earnest remonstrance of a sister State that
was supposed to sympathize with her in the pro-
. ject of establishing a southern Republic. Nor
1 could I fail to remember that the project—I speak
of the convention held in South Carolina, in pur-
| suanceofanaetof the Legislature—was then post-
' poned, not dropped. The argument was succcss-
I fully urged that an enterprise of such magnitude
j ought not to be entered upon without the coop-
! elation of a greater number of States than,tii,ey
could then certainly count upon. It was urged
' that all the cotton-planting States would, before
' a great while, be prepared to unite in the move-
ment, and that they, by the force of circumstances,
would bring in all the slaveholding States. The
ground was openly taken, that separation was an
inevitable necessity. It was only a question of
time. It was said that po new aggression was
necessary on the part of the North to justify such
a step. It was said that the operation of this
Governmentfrom itsfoundation had been adverse
to southern interests; and that the admission of
California as a free State, and the attempt to ex-
clude the citizens of the South, with their prop-
erty, from all the territory acquired from Mexico,
wasasufficient justification fordisunion. It was
not a mere menace to deter the North from further
aggressions. These circumstances made a deep
impression on my mind at the time, and from a
period long anterior to that I had known that it
| was a maxim with the most skillful tacticians
among those who desire separation, that the slave-
holding States must be united—consolidated into
! one party. That object once effected, disunion,
it it was supposed, would follow without difficulty.
J I had my fears that the Kansas-Nebraska bill
I was expected to consolidate the South, and to
j pave the way for the accpmplishment oi ulterior
i plans by some of the most active supporters of
i that measure from the South; and these feais I
'! indicated in the closing debate on that subject.
' Some of the supporteis of that measure, I fear,
i are reluctant now to abandon the chances of find-
!| ing some pretext for agitating the subject of sep-
II aration in the South in the existing complications
!; of the Kansas embroilment.
; To what extent the idea of disunion is enter-
■ | tained in some of the southern States, and what
importance is attached to the policy ot uniting the
;! whole Soutb m one parly as a preliminary step.
:| may be inferred from a speech delivered before
j the southern convention lately held in Knoxville,
|! Tennessee, by Mr. De Bow, the president of the
ii convention, and the oditor of a popular southern
