2202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
thing on it myself. I move that it lie on the table
informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent, the yeas and nays having been
ordered, to withdraw the motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am willing to withdraw the
call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The bill and amendment will lie
on the table informally.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Private Secretary, was
received, announcing that the President had this
day approved and signed the following acts and
resolution:
A resolution to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to audit and settle the accounts of the
contractor for the erection of the United States
marine hospital at San Francisco;
An act for the relief of John R. Temple, of
Louisiana; and
An act to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of Luther Jewett, late collector of the dis-
trict of Portland and Falmouth, in the State of
Maine.
* CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. BAYARD. The bill of the Senate (No.
312) to provide for the collection and safe-keeping
of the public archives in fho State of California,
lias been returned from the House of Representa-
tives, with a slight amendment, which is in line
seven of page 2, to strike out the word thereof"
before u affidavit," and insert. " showing the facts
and circumstances upon which suspicions are
founded." I move the amendment be concurred
in.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CLAY. I trust that we shall now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What is the special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The fhst special
order is the joint resolution /or the presentation
of a medal to Commodore lliram Paulding.
Mr. DOUGLxVS. I move, then, to postpone all
prior orders lor the purpose of taking up the bill
for the admission of Oregon.
Mr. 1VERSON. I desire to get the floor, to
move to take up a resolution I introduced a few
days ago, in relation to the hour for calling the
special orders. If the Senate will take up that res-
olution, net upon it, and decide it, there will be an
end of the question. I think we had better make
some general arrangement in relation to the trans-
action of business,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume the Oregon bill
will not take long. I call for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yea0 and nays weie ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I wish tocali the attention of the !
Senate to the fact that the bill to repeal the fishing j
bounties has been thoroughly discussed; that it j
has been read twh-e, and, 1 believe, ordered to be
engrossed and read a thud time; and I trust the
Senate will now take it up and dispose of it. On
this side of the House, 1 am sure, it is not pro-
posed to debate the bill any further. It is true,
some amendments have been offered to embarrass
its passage, but I presume they can be dispatched
without debate; at all events, if the amendments
prevail they will not afl'ect the success of the bill
ultimately, but only strengthen it in the other
House. I trust we shall act upon that bill, and
dispatch business nearly finished before we take
up other business that will occupy at least two 1
davs of discussion. j
The question being taken on Mr. Douglas's 1
motion, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 28, nays ;
28; as follows: •;
YEAS—Mes*is. Boll, Droderick, Cameion, Chandler, j
Clmk, Coliamer, Di\on, Poohttie, Douslas. DuiUee, Fes- !
senden, Foot. Foster, Own). Hale. (ianiiin. Ilailati, lions- 1
ton,Jone<, King. l'ic<\ Sewaid. Shield*, Simmons:, Stuart, i
Sumner, Wade, and Wilson— 23 j
N \YS—Me>sr?. Allen, Bavaid. Benjamin, Bijiler, Bright, I
Biown, Clay, Chnsirian, Ctittenden. Davi-, Fitzpatnek, '
Gicen. Hammond. Hunter. Ivr^on, Johnson ot'Aikan&as, ;
John>0!i t)f Tennessee, Kennedy. AJalloty, Ma^nn, Poatce, '
Folk, S-bastian. Siidell, Toombs, Trumbull, Wn'gbt, and '
Ytilee—28 ;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate is equal-
ly divided.
Mi. CLAY. The motion fails.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That depends on the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Constitution
provides that, when the Senate is equally divided,
the Vice President shall vote. The Chair votes
in the affirmative; so the Oregon bill is before the
Senate. The Secretary will read it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
whether the motion of the Senator from Illinois
was a motion to postpone and take up?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It was in the same form pre-
cisely in which such a motion was made the other
day, when we had a discussion on this point.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
now that the Senate can take up any bill on mo-
tion. If so, I desire to move  j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is j
right. The Chair has investigated that subject :
more thoroughly since it was up the other day, j
and he will state his impression. The motion of j
the Senator from Illinois was to postpone the j
piior orders for the purpose of taking up the i
Oregon b'll. The motion was not to postpone the
prior orders and take up the Oregon bill, m which
case, if the motion prevailed, the Chair would
consider it the purpose of the Senate to take uf^
that bill; but the motion to postpone the prior
orders having been agreed to,the Chair thinks it
is in the power of any Senator having the floor
to make a motion to take up other business. If
no motion is made to take up other business, the
Oregon bill would come up regularly, and the
Chair announced it as in Older.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to suggest to the
Chair that, as i understand the quesiion, if the
previous orders be postponed, this bill is before 1
the Senate as a matter of course, because the hour \
has arrived for the special orders; and if you post- !
pone all special orders before this bill, this neces-
sarily comes up. The hour having arrived, the
special orders are to be taken up; and having post-
poned all previous to the Oregon bill, that is now
the first in order, and any motion to take up other
matter is a motion to alter the order of the Cal-
endar as it stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is like all the busi-
ness upon the table. The Chair would call it up;
but our rules provide that, when no question is
before the Senate, any Senator may make a mo-
tion to take up any business. The Senator from
Tennessee being upon the floor, the Chair must
recognize any motion he m \y make.
| Mr. COLLAMER. I insist that the Oregon
1 bill is before the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to explain what I under- ;
stand to be the rule. I respectfully submit to the j
Chair that the motion of the Senator from Illinois \
was to postpone all prior orders to (he Oregon j
bill
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir. |
Mr. CLAY. The Senate have, with the cast- !
iiur vote of the Vice President, sustained his mo- ,
tinn, and they have postponed all orders prior to j
the Oregon bill. Then, \ submit whether-it is m
order to move to take up one of those prior orders
which, by the vote of the Senate, has already '
been postponed. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides :
this to be the condition of affairs. He will give
his decision, and then the Senate can dispose of
it. He put the motion of the Senator from Illi- !
nois to postpone the prior ordeis. That motion !
prevailed. The Chair then took up the Oregon
bill, no Senator being upon the floor; it was the
next business in order, and the Chair laid it be-
fore the Senate. The Senator from Tennessee
rose in his place, and the Chair is willing to hear j
him, not knowing what motion he wishes to !
make. Perhaps he may move to postpone the j
bill. j
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTenncssee. The Chair has :
reached my conclusion. I understand the Chair
to decide that the Oregon bill is befoie the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tenn essee. I rine for the
purpose of moving to postpone the further con-
sideration of that bill for the present, in order
to take up the homestead bill. My reason for
making that motion is, that we mav have action ■
on the homestead bill. I would, while up, simply
remark that the homestead bill has been a special
order since January last. This bill has been re-
ported to the Senate long since that was made a ]
special order. It has been on the Calendar and i
ros'puneJ; other questions have intervened, and
still there seems to be no chance to get at the home-
stead bill. I move that the consideration of the
bill to admit Oregon as a State into the Union be
postponed for the purpose of taking up the home-
stead bill; and upon that motion I hope the Sen-
ate will ffive me the yeas and nays.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a question of order
upon that proposition. It is, that that motion is
not in order. My friend from Alabama, I think,
has stated the position so clearly that there can
be but one opinion about it. The Senate has just
postponed this bill, a minute ago, and the propo-
sition being postponed before the next business
is considered, the Senator from Tennessee moves
to take it up. The proposition has been post-
poned by reason of a vote of the Senate, postpon-
ing all business on the Calendar prior to that sug-
gested by the Senator from Illinois. This is one
of the bills prior to the one proposed to be taken
up by the Senator from Illinois. It stands post-
poned by a vote of the Senate this morning. Of
course, it cannot be put again as a motion to the
Senate. If the Senator from Tennessee desired
that that bill should not be postponed, he ought
to have mov^d an amendment to the motion of
the Senator from Illinois to insert the words, "ex-
cept the homestead bill." Then the Senate would
have postponed all prior business except the home-
stead bill, for the purpose of taking up the Oregon
bill, and then he could have got his bill up; but
the homestead bill is as much postponed as any
other bill that stood befoie the Oregon bill on the
Calendar.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not see
the force of the objection urged by the Senator
from Louisiana. The Senate has postponed a
certain number of propositions 
The VICE-PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
mind the Senator that the question of order must
be decided without debate. The Chair docs not
think ihe point of order made by the Senator from
Louisiana is well taken. The Senate, by a vote,
postponed the prior orders. The Oiegon bill way
then called up by the Chair, and brought before
the Senate; and the Senator from Tennessee has
moved to postpone it. The Senate undoubtedly
has the control of its own business; and the Chair
must put the motions that are made to the vote
of the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the motion now is to
postpone this particular bill, of course it is in or-
der. I do not make a point of order on that; but
the question of order is that it is not allowable to
move now to postpone the Oregon bill for the pur-
pose of taking up the homestead bill.
« The VICE PRESIDENT. If, by a vote of
the Senate, this bill shall be postponed, it will un-
doubtedly be in oider for the Senator from Ten-
nessee to move to take up the homestead bill, or
any other bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I use simply to inquire
what would be the next business in order if the
motion to postpone, made by the Senator from
Tennessee, should prevail > What would then
come up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Whatever the Sen-
ate might choose*o take up.'
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose no motion were
made to take up anything else, what would come
up in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair con-
strued the prior ordeis to embrace all business on
the table, he would sit still until some Senator
made a motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All business prior to the
Oregon bill has already been postponed If that
should now be postponed, would not the special
order next succeeding that be the business before
the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Maine please state his nomtof order again?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no point of order;
I merely make a suggestion. The business prior
to the Oregon bill has been postponed, and the
Senator from Tennessee now moves to postpone
the Oregon bill. Suppose that motion should pre-
vail, would not thojiext business in order, with-
out any action of the Senate designating any
particular bill, be the one which stands next suc-
ceeding the Oregon bill5
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
so decide, for this reason: the postponement was
to no definite period. If the Senate should now
postpone the Oregon bill, and no motion were
