1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
to do with. But as a friend of this great Union,
as a man whose business it is to look to the power
and glory of tlicUnion, I must look at the founda-
tion of this Mormon dynasty; and that will show
that it is the work of ambitious men, for the pur-
pose of building up a power that should destroy
the Union. I see, in the person of Joe Smith, not
a deluded fanatic, not an inferior man—for lie was
a man who might have stood by the side of Csesar,
of Cromwell, or of Napoleon. He was a man of
genius, though a priest. He was a man of ambi-
tions design, and of steadiness of purpose, in a
higher degree than Kossuth. And be not mis-
taken about Biigham Young. He is the equal of
Joe Smith. Look at his letters. No small brain
could concoct thorn. Ambition is at the bottom
of this matter. Brigham Young stands out like a
second Czesar. Having had command intrusted
to him, he now insists on retaining it; and evi-
dently shows that he is ready to make that last
appeal which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] says is the trial of right by the highest
tribunal. "W hethcr he wins orloses, he seems to
be fuily prepared for the contest. He defies you.
He spurns you. He hates you. The Mormons
look to you as their great persecutor; the great
destroyer of the powerof tlipir Church; the great
enemy which, i£they can conquer, they will be
supreme.
Now I read from the proclamation of Brigham
Young, which was referred to yesterday, declar-
ing martial law in the Territory:
" Theiefoie, I, Brigham Young, Governor and Superin-
tendent of Indian Aftaus for the Teuitory of Utah, In liie
name of the people of the United States m the Teiritoiy of
Utah, foi bid—
"First. All armed force* of every description from com-
ing into tins Teuitory, under any pretense whatever.
4£ Second. That all the ibtco.-  in said Territory hold them-
selves in readiness to maich at a moment's notice to repel
anv and all such invasion.
"Tiiiid. Martial law is heicbv declared to exist in thi.«
Terutorv from and after the publication of this proclama-
tion ; and no person shall he allowed to pass or repass into,
or through, or from, this Territoiy, without a permit from
the proper officer."
Can language be bolder ? Can a declaration of
war be more impudent? Ccesar, when he crossed
the Rubicon, made no higher assumption than j
Brigham Young when ho declared war. He does i
not march upon us, but he stands defying us to j
march upon him, and is ready to make that last <
trial in defense of his position. i
Then, sir, Brigham Young has expressly do- ■
clared that no soldier of the United Slates shall, ;
for any purpose, set foot upon the soil of his Ter-
ritory. He is already in open rebellion, so far ;
as any act of his can place him in rebellion. I
will read from a letter of Captain Van Yliet,who
repeats the language of Governor Young himself.
I read from his letter to the Secretary of War, j
dated 20th November, 1857: |
At prp out Governor Young exercises absolute power, j
both tempoial and epiutual, over the people of Utah, both ;
ot wlreli powers lie and the people protest to behove ema- j
tmto directly iiom tho Almighty. Ueuce the opposition of j
the people to a new Governor, and the rem.nk ot Governor .
Young, that should Governor Cummins enter the Tern- :
tory, he would place Imn in his carnage and Bend him j
back." i
Sir, notwithstanding the humble petition which |
was read yesterday from the Territorial Assem- j
bly, saying that if you will send peaccable ofti- j
ccrs there they will obey them, I say that it is a .
false, miserable subterfuge, by which they seek j
to delay and divert the attention of their adver- j
sary. Now hear what Elder Taylor says: j
I heard Elder John Taylor, in a discourse to a congre-
gation of over lour thousand Mot mons, say that none of the
rulers of the earth were entitled to their position unless
appointed to it by the Lord, and that the Almighty had ap-
pointed a man to lule over and govern his Saint-, and that
man was Biigham Young, and that tbey would have no
one else to lule over them.'"
Now let me call your attention to an extract
from the memorial which was read a day or two
ago in this House:
ft You have appointed, the newspapers state, a full set
of officials for Utah from among entire >ttanger?«. and to do :
to weru obliged to hawk about the offices from State to ■
Stat-i, every honorable and principled man indignantly de- {
ehiiinsx>our appointments until at length you succeeded ,
in rinding the requisite number from among the reckless, i
the di unken, the unpimcipled, the dissolute, the houseless, j
and penniless, who alone feel the need ot the backing !
afforded by bavonets, and lor this reason had iar better (
remain where society is mote congenial to their deprived .
and coriupt taster. No doubt such is the chaiaotei of the :
nvoscnt appointees; for what other class would accept offices |
amensf a people where they well knew they were not ;
wanted, and hence bad no i.gbt cfcrnoliy to be . AU we
have further to *ay of them is, they had better tarry with
their friends, if they really have any."
Now, sir, can language be plainer than that?
Mr. WASH BURN E, of Illinois. I understand
the gentleman from Tennessee to be in favor of
an additional force, and that a volunteer force.
Hence 1 infer that he does not consider the pres-
ent military forcc of the country sufficient to con-
quer that rebellious people.
Mr. SAVAGE. That is a military question
about which I would like to say something. I
say, sir, that the present Army is sufficient to
conquer them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is my
opinion; and I wish to state to the gentleman the
reason why I agree with him in that opinion. I
have some little knowledge of the character of
these Mormons. They made a settlement in my
State, at Nauvou, and what was then the con-
gressional district in which I live. They soon
became numerousand powerful, and undertook to
rebel against our laws and setup fur themselves.
They were guilty of great outrages, and defied
all law. They raised a military force, and under-
took to defy tho whole power of tho State. You
might have supposed then, as now, from their
proclamations and threats and defiances, that it
would take the whole powerof the Government
to put them down. But, sir, when forbearance
had ceased to be a virtue, and a small forcc of the
citizens of the surrounding country undertook to
expel them from Nauvoo, where they had in-
trenched themselves, and which they swore they
would defend to the last extremity, ihey made no
icsistance, butingloriously fled. These Mormons
are a set of cowards as well as scoundrels. One
of tho men who signed that memorial that the
gentleman has justalluded to—a man by the name
of Rock wood—murdered a mania Hancock coun-
ty, Illinois, in cold blood. Ho was arrested and
kept in jail in my own city for several months;
hut, the Mormons having control m the county
where the crime was committed, he was enabled to
get clear. He went to Salt Lake City, and is now
one of the chief priests of the Moimon Chujjph,
and one of the leading spirits in this rebellion
against the Government, and which must be put
down; but I contend that the force already in the
field is amply sufficient for the purpose without
.I additional force.
11 Mr. SAVAGE. I express no opinion as to
;i whether the Mormons arc cowards or not. My
li experience has taught me never to presume on a
1 j man's cowardice. 11 is something 1 nevei take for '
i! granted. But, sir, I say from my experience and
; observation, that five thousand men are amply suf-
ficient to send out there. Sir, Cortez conquered
ij Mexico with less than a thousand men. Scott
:I marched to the capital of Mexico, and placed the
|] American banner in triumph upon the wails of the
j! capital, with a population of two hundred thou-
\ \ sand, and in the face of an army near forty thou-
sand strong, with less than ten thousand men—
having only about six thousand when he entered
the city. You do not want a la} go number of men.
1 An immense army train is sufficient to cripple the
best army in the woild. Ifl had a world of sol-
diers, I would not send exceeding five thousand
to Utah.
Mr. FAULKNER. I have already stated that
there will be a column on the march in the month
of May for the Territory of Utah, of near three
thousand men; and I will inquire of the gentleman
from Tennessee how he proposes to protect the
eastern Indian frontier, from which these troops
will be taken, and which frontier should be pro-
tected if this army js sent to Utah ?
Mr. SAVAGE. That is the easiest thing I have
ever tried to answer. I will give the President
the charge of these five regiments of volunteers,
and if he cannot protect that fronlier with them,
then 1 shall think the Secretary of War under-
stands his duty very little. As far as protecting
the Indian frontier is concerned, I would notgive
one single company of rangers, western border
men, who know ihe Indians, for a whole legimcnt
of these undrilled foreigners.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman will permit me, I will make a suggestion
in reply to the inquiry of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. "it is this: when Congress is in session the
President of the United States has no authority
to move soldiers from Fort Leavenworth to Utah;
and if the Congress of the United States docs its
duty, it will regulate the departure and < the march
of the troops; it will countermand the moveo*eo-fe
of the regulars*, and furnish- volunteers in- th&ir
stead. The attempt of the President to* move .t^e
regulars is a clear usurpation of power on htsfMMftg
Mr. FAULKNER, Is thegcinleman prepared
to "vote for a resolution here £o recall the itroojHg .
from Utah; those already sent there, and those
proposed to be sent? . • ., « ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky.: £ wilt say
to the gentleman, without a moment's hesitation,
that, as a member of Cougrcss,X*im prepared 4o
control the direction of these troops, and lam-pre-
pared to do that on my congressional responsibil-
ity; I am prepared to let the Executive know what
is the determination of Congress on this subject,
and to compel him to obey it..
Mr. SAVAGE. I will say that I am not dis-
posed to interfere with the discretion of the Ex-
ecutive. I will furnish him with the troops I
think necessary; and if he makes an unwise em-
ployment of them, then the responsibility will be
his. But I have not that want of confidence in
the Executive to believe that there will bean un^
wise employment of those troops. - 1
I think that it is not a matter of importance
whether volunteers or regulars are sent there. If
it should so happen that volunteers would be
raised too late for this scrvice, then I would be
willing to see" the regulars take up the Ime of
march for that Territory.
I have been drawn from my regular course of
remarks. I will now read another extract in re-
gard to the charges made against us by the Mor-
mons:
" The tioops, which claim to have been sent by the Gov-
ernment, have openly said, from the time they h aye left tho
Missouii'uver, and even before, that they were coming to
destroy the leaders of our people, and that that was their
objoet. That lias been their constant speech hy day, and
tho bin den oftbeir song> by night. They have threatened
to take our lives, and to sport at picasuie with our wives
and daugkieis. That is their openly avowed oh fict7 but
woe to all who undeitake to accomplish it. We trust,
therefore, that you will excuse us if we do not entertain a
very exa'tcd idea of your humane (?) intentions in sending
aiiutcs hithei. Give us our constitutional rights; the.y are
all we ask, and them we have a right to expect. For them
we contend, and feel alone justified in seeking."
Is it possible for us to misunderstand. language
so plain ? Brigham Young, 1 was going on to re-
mark when I was interrupted, has made a mis-
take. 1 have thought in times past, that if I
were head of the Mormon Church, looking to its
real intentions to secure power, I would have
written a little more in the Mormon Bible, and
made a prophecy, locating the promised land
somewhere nearer the city of Mexico. In a short
time the Church would have been ingrafted upon
a weaker nation than is the United States. Then
would the Church have established an empire for
itself. But Brigham seems to have been more
ambitious. He seems to look to the planting of
his standard upon the bosom of the American
people,. The Mormon organization is, in its char-
acter, rather military than religious. Their lead-
ens thirst for empire. Look to the history of all
usurpers and of all aspiring'priests, and you will
find that Young and Smith are the representatives
only of those who have gone before them, and
attempted to build up empires. Their history'is
so much like that of Mohammed, that, strike out
the names, and it is difficult to distinguish the
difference. The first thing Mohammed did was
to convert his wife. That was a small church.
A short time afterwards, and he converted his
slave. The third convert was Ali. When driven
from the city of Mecca, the Church only had
eighty-three members. It was not half so pow-
erful as the Mormon Church when it was driven
from Nauvoo. The first expedition sent out by
Mohammed consisted of nine men, and was di-
rected against a caravan. It is recorded as one of
the brightest victoiies of the Ottoman empire, and
as a great dispensation of Providence; yet when
Mohammed died, he left troops enough to over-
run the surrounding Christian States, and to con-
quer them.
Is it not evident that these Mormon leaders
are seeking to establish upon this continent an
empire of their own? Are we, then, to let,the
pestilence spread, or are we to cleanse our land
of it? Arp we to wait until the Church grow*#
stronger and stronger? Are we to. wais.UfK*} lt
subverts the Republic? I want Congressjo-in-
dorse.tho President in his movement .agamst
