1858.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Foster.
Senate.
the wise maxims and sage counsels of the great
founders of our Government.
Mr. President, I will not longer trespass upon
the indulgence of the Senate.
Mr. POSTER. It is my wish to be heard by
the Senate before the vote is taken, but I cannot
ask them to sit here and hear me at this late hour
of the night.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
adjourned.
Friday, March 19, 1858.
The Senate, as in Commilee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 161) for the admission of
the State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, the objections
I have heretofore urged against this high meas-
ure were confined exclusively to what seemed to
me to be the obnoxious features apparent on the
face of the proposed constitution. At the same
time, I recognized other objections, strong and
conclusive to my own mind, against this meas-
ure; and I intimated a purpose, on another occa-
sion, should opportunity offer, to ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to present my views more at
large, and on other points connected with this
most important subject. To do this, and as briefly
as possible, is my present design.
The real question at issue here can certainly be
brought within very narrow limits. Such, how-
ever, has not been the course of the discussion;
that has taken the widest range. Slavery and
its incidents have of course attracted a large share
of attention-; the question of union and disunion
has not been neglected; aggressions of the North
on the South, and the South on the North, have
been adverted to; and the power and resources
of the different sections of our country have been
exhibited, not altogether to place them in friendly
competition, but rather in hostile array.
Mr. President, I regret all this. It would be
unbecoming in me to lecture any Senator here on
the proprieties of debate. I assume no such un-
gracious office. Others have judged these topics
proper and necessary in this discussion; possibly
they are. If the necessity exists, I must be per-
mitted to say that I regret that necessity.
Of slavery, sir, I propose now to say nothing;
of union and disunion, and our mutual aggres-
sions, nothing; of the resources, productions, and
strength of the different sections of our country,
very little. I glory in our country—in its united
strength as one country. It is a magnificent, a
majestic country; it is my own native country.
I glory in each and every of its sections, as parts
of one great whole. In any section, when putin
array against any other section, I glory not.
A lesson of wisdom is taught us by the cunning
hand of the artificer who wrought out the marble
mantels back of the chair you occupy, Mr. Pres-
ident, in this Chamber. My attention was first
called to them by the late Senator from Delaware,
Mr. Clayton, whose death made a great breach
in this body and in the councils of this country.
In words too impressive to be forgotten, and but
a short time before his death, he asked me to
notice the fact that the bundle of rods chiseled on
the one defied the efforts of the mightiest giant to
break them, because bound together; on the other,
taken separably, they were snapped asunder by
a hoy's hand.
Our strength is in our union. Which section-
would be the stronger, and which the weaker, in
the event of disunion, I will not undertake to de-
cide. The subject has no attractions for me.
Those whose tastes lead them in that direction
may make the calculation. Late be the day that
proves either their truth or their falsehood.
It is, sir, a mischievous error, a fatal mistake,
to suppose that any portion of this Union is not
dependent on other parts. We are mutually de-
pendent. Take the great staple of the Souths—
cotton—the "king," as the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,] in his
speech the other day, so complacently styled it.
What Warwick was the "king-maker" of cot-
ton? Who gave " King Cotton" his crown and
scepter ? The inventive genius, the mighty hand
of Eli Whitney, of Connecticut. But for him,
the kingdom of cotton would be yet to come.
The honoiable Senator was very full, and, I pre-
sume, very accurate, in his statistics; he will
pardon toe for suggesting that he omitted one
very important item, and that is, how much did
the invention of Whitney—Whitney, of Con-
necticut—add to the value of all the cotton lands
in the southern States? I cannot answer the
question myself; perhaps the honorable Sena-
tor can; and though in his calculations he deals
with very large sums of money, I hazard the as-
sertion that this amount, when ascertained, will
be the largest of all. . I have alluded to this, Mr.
President, to illustrate my position that we are
mutually dependent, even where we may, per-
haps, f<-el that we are most independent.
I expressed a determination to say but little as
to the relative resources and strength of the dif-
ferent sections of our country. I intend to carry
out that determination. As the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina seemed to place the
claims of the South mainly on a single produc-
tion—cotton—I could not but recall to mind the
fact that it is but a few years that cotton has been
grown in any considerable quantity in this coun-
try. It is no longer ago than about 1790, that a
few bales of cotton on board an American vessel
at Liverpool were seized by the revenue officers,
because articles not the growth of our country
could not be imported by American vessels; and
this, though claimed to be the product of the
United States, was not believed to be so. So
great are the changes in sixty years. Within that
period in the future, may not this staple be cul-
tivated to a great extent in portions of the globe
now producing little or none? The reign of
kings is proverbially brief in our times—that of
" King Cotton" may not be an exception. And
if itshould, he mayerect his throne and holdhis
court far nearer the gates of the Orient than the
plains of Carolina. We are arepublican people—
not fond of kings, crowns, thrones, and scepters.
It is not forany lack of confidence in the power
or resources of my own immediate section that
I refrain from pursuing this portion of the sub-
ject. It is not, in my judgment, germane to the
matter in hand; and I therefore dismiss it with
the single remark, that the South is no doubt
strong—strong in what it has pleased the God of
nature to do for that section in soil and produc-
tions. The North is no doubt strong—strong in
what it has pleased the God of nature to enable
its people to do for themselves.
To bringthis discussion within itsjustlimits, to
decide the question involved on its real merits, we
have but to determine these simple points: Is the
constitution of government proposed for the new
State the work of the people to be affected by it?
Is that constitution of such a character as to har-
monize with the principles on which our Govern-
ment rests? If both these questions can be an-
swered affirmatively, the State should be admitted;
if either is answered negatively, it should not be
admitted.
In discussing these, indeed in discussing any
questions connected with this subject-matter, I
am aware that I am entering a field which has
been gleaned by abler hands than mine. Nothing
new, perhaps, is left to be said that can be said
appropriately to the subjcct. I may say, how-
! ever, that it is assented to on all sides of the Cham-
1 ber, that this constitution ought to be the embodi-
ment of the people's will before we can admitthis
State under this constitution. All, I say, assent
to that proposition; but, while they do so, they,
almost in the same breath, fritter it away by the
manner in which they tell us the will of the people
may be ascertained. There are certain forms,
more or less technical, or solemn, or imposing,
which we are to take as proofs. The constitution
here before us is surrounded by certain forms,
which, in the opinion of some gentlemen, conclude
us from going behind them to ascertain what the
will of the people really is.
Does not this, Mr. President, instead of making
it our duty to ascertain the real will of the people,
simply make it our duty to see whether certain
forms have been complied with ? Is that our whole
duty in the premises? Forms may be simulated.
They are, as I believe, m this case. We are al-
ways in danger of being imposed upon by forms.
I have hoped I never should hear, in the Senate
. of the United States, on a question whether a
! State should be added to the Confederacy, that
any form, no matter how solemn or how impos-
ing, should intervene between us and the will of
the people whom we are called to organize into a
new State. There is danger, great danger, if we
allow any partition to be built up between us and
the will of the people in such a case as this. No
wall should be considered so high or so thick that
we were not at liberty to look over it and through
it; not only at liberty so to do, but, faithfully to
discharge our constitutional duties, I believe we
are bound so todo. It is not enough that we have
certain evidences before us of the will of the peo-
ple. We are to be satisfied that those evidences
prove the truth. We are not to be satisfied with,
any form of evidence short of the actual truth.
Gentlemen, however, insist that a constitution
coming, as it is claimed this does, from a conven-
tion, that convention having been called by the
Territorial Legislature, that Legislature having
been organized under the organic act creating the
Territory, comes to us under such sanctions as
that, the work of ascertaining the people's willis
already done by these forms.
Now, Mr. President, it becomes necessary in
this state of things, to see what these forms really
mean, and how much real authority attaches to
them, at least, in this particular case. This con-
vention held at Lecompton which made this con-
stitution, was called, I believe, by the second Ter-
ritorial Legislature, so styled of the Territory of
Kansas. All of course, so far as validityand con-
stitutional authority goes, depends upon the char-
acter of the first Territorial Legislature. What
evidences have we before us in regard to the char-
acter of that assemblage? Was it what it pur-
ports to have been—the Territorial Legislature of
the people of Kansas, organized under the act
styled the Kansas-Nebraska bill? On that sub-
ject I am aware there is a contrariety of opinion.
To my mind, however, the evidence is full and
satisfactory that that Legislature was in no proper
sense the Territorial Legislature of Kansas.
It appears from an examination made under the
authority of the House of Representatives that in
November, 1854, there was an election in Kansas
for a congressional Delegate. The pro-slavery
party, as it was called, at that election polled
twenty-two hundred and fifty-eight votes, and of
those there were illegal seventeen hundred and
twenty-nine, leaving of legal votes at that election
polled by that party five hundred and twenty-nine
only. The people of the Territory, generally,
took but little interest in that election; not more
than half of the people of the Territory authorized
to vote voted at all. In February and March,
1855, a census was taken, and that census showed
of voters in the Territory twenty-nine hundred
and five. On the 30th of March, 1855, when the
election for the Territorial Legislature was had,
just after the census was taken, as I have stated,
which was completed in March, 1855, showing
twenty-nine hundred and five voters only—the
returns show that the pro-slavery party polled
fifty-four hundred and twenty-seven votes, of
which itis shown were illegal forty-nine hundred
and eight, leaving only of these fifty-four hundred
and twenty-seven votes polled by their party the
number of five hundred and nineteen legal votes.
If these facts are true, can anybody say that that
was a Legislature entitled to any regard or re-
spect as the Legislature of the Territory of Kan-
sas ? The same authority to which I have just
adverted, the authority of the House of Repre-
" sentatives, speaks on this subject in this manner,'
through their committee. They say:
"Fint. That each election in the Territory, held under
the oi^ame or alleged teiritorial law, has been earned by
organized in\M>uou from the State of Missouri, by which the
people of the Territory have been prevented from exercis-
ing the rights secured to them by the orjranic law.
>■' Second. That the alleged Territorial Legislature was an
illegally constituted body, and had no power to pass valid
laws, and their enactments are, therefore, null and void.
" Third That these alleged laws have not, as a general
tlnnjr, been used to protect persons and propeity, and to
punish wrong, but for unlawful purposes."
Such, sir, as I claim, was the character of that
so-called Territorial Legislature. I am aware that
this is denied; but it is denied, as it seems to me,
in the face of evidence which ought to satisfy any
candid, unprejudiced mind. This by no means
is the only evidence. I allude to it as being evi-
dence, as it seems to me, entitled to respect in this
body; coming, as it does, from a coordinate branch
