1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2205
you intend to keep them in a territorial condition
or admit them as a State. You suspend them be-
tween the heaven and the earth, and they do not
know which way you intend to send them, and
you leave everything in confusion, doubt, and un-
certainty with respect to their condition. I think
the worst course you can possibly take is to post-
pone it by avoiding a direct vote, if you intend
to keep Oregon out until she has the ninety-three
thousand population, say so. Her proceedings
being regular, her constitution being valid, being
the act and deed of her people, if you intend to
admit her with her population, say so, and let us
decide it at oncc.
Sir,* I am opposed to drawing: this distinction
between two inchoate States which may come
here with a population which is nearly the same,
although Oregon has the larger. 1 am opposed
to saying that one has the right to come in with-
out the requisite populationand that the other has
no such right. Sir, that distinction is odious; it is
invidious; it is violative of the doctrines of the
President's message in regard to Kansas,in which
lie said that Kansas had been prepared for ad-
mission into the Union beyond the right of the
Territorial Legislature to interfere. If Kansas
bad been thus prepared, Oregon is thus prepared;
she has passed from a territorial condition to that
of a State, with the right of admission into the
Union. That is the position of the President in
his message justifying the admission of Kansas
with the Lecompton constitution; and the Presi-
dent's whole argument is sustained in the Oregon
ease, from the further fact that the President said
he thought the rule applied to Minnesota requir-
ing the constitution to be submitted to the people
for ratification, ought to be the general rule in all
the Territories. Oregon has complied with th,at
rule; Oregon has submitted her constitution to the
people. They have ratified it at the polls, and
shecomesexactly within the twoconditions speci-
fied in the President's message, to wit: first she
has been prepared for admission under law; sec-
ondly, the constitution has been ratified by the
people, and this is ascertained to be the act and
deed of the people embodying their will. I may
go further; the President thought the slavery ques-
tion should be distinctly and separately submit-
ted. Oregon has submitted it separately and dis-
tinctly.
I say, then, that Oregon is within every rule that
has been laid down to justify the admission of
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution, and,
at the same time, she has avoided every objection
that has been urged as an insuperable one to the
admission of Kansas under that constitution. It
is true I indicated that Kansas had not the re-
quisite population to demand admission as aright,
but I was willing to waive that. 1 indicated
the objection that she had: not the assent of Con-
gress to form a constitution, and hence her pro-
ceedings were in the form and with the authority
only of a memorial, and not with the right to ad-
mission; but I was willing to waive that, if the
constitution were submitted to the people, and it
was shown that it was their act and deed. On the
other hand, we were told by all the advocates of
the Lecompton constitution, that it was a right to
demand admission; that the constitution had been
formed by a lawful convention; that it was there-
fore legally the act and deed of the people whether
it was so in fact, or not; that the question of pop-
ulation was not a matter of any importance, and
did not constitute a valid objection.
If these were good reasons m the Kansas case,
why are they not in the Oregon case ? Admit both
of these inchoate States with whatever population
they have got; thus you dispose of them; and then
I am ready to put all the other Temtoiics on an
equality by applying the general rule for which
I have struggled for years, to restrict each and all
of them to the requisite population, and to require
the people to authenticate their constitution in
such manner as to be certain that it is their act
and deed, and embodies their will. I am prepared
for that as a general rule, applying it to all the
Territories and enforcing it rigidly, giving it as
a notice in the futuie; but I will not apply it to
Oregon, and exclude Kansas from its operation,
when Oregon has a higher and a better right to
admission than Kansas had with a less popula-
tion.
Mr. President, I do not wish to occupy time
in the discussion of this question; but I think it
is unjust, unfair, towards the people of Oregon,
under the circumstances, to keep them out of the
Union; and, above all, it is unfair to postpone
their application withoutdeciding it. They wish
to know whether they are to be a State or remain
a Territory. They ought to know their fate.
They ought to be enabled to regulate their affairs
with reference to it. They want to know whether
they are to go on and reelect a Territorial Legis-
lating or elect a State Legislature. They desire
to know whether they shall elect a Territorial Del-
egate to the next Congress, or elect a member of
Congress. It is important that they should know.
Why, by this postponement, induce them to go
oh with a State election, omitting their Territo-
rial Legislature, disbanding the territorial gov-
ernment, and having neither a Territorial Legis-
lature, nor a Delegate here, under the hope of
being admitted next winter, and then perhaps le-
ject them next winter for the want of sufficient
population ? It is unjust to keep them in suspense.
There is no good to be attained by it. If you are
going to exclude them on the ground of a want of
population, do if at once. If you arc going to ad-
mit them with a less population than ninety-three
thousand, do it now.
In regard to the other points which have been
made, I have but a word to say. I will not fol-
low the Senator from California in a discussion
of the character of the Chinese immigrants. I
care not whether his description of them be cor-
rect or not; it matters not to me what the char-
acter of that population is; the sovereignty of a
State has a right to exclude them if it chooses, or
to admit them if it\v;ishes. So with regard to the
free negro clause: if Oregon wants that popula-
tion, let her have them; if she does not want them,
let her exclude them; it matters not to me. So
with regard to the slavery question; if she wants
slaves, let her have them; if she does not want
them, let her exclude them; that is her business,
not mine. Hence, sir, I am not going to discuss
the policy of the admission or exclusion of Chi-
nese, the policy of the admission or exclusion of
free negroes, or the policy of the admission or
exclusion of slaves, i have nothing to do with
those questions of policy. I deny your right to
decide them. I hold that when Oregon comes
here for admission as a State, she has a right to
come with such constitution as she chooses,pro-
vided she does not violate the Constitution of the
United States; and you have no right to inquire
what the causes of her constitution rue about
Chinese or free negroes or slaves, so long as they
do not violate the Constitution of the United
States; and even if they do, that is a judicial ques-
tion, to be decided, not by Congress, but by the
courts established by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. I will not discuss the propriety or
impropriety, the wisdom or folly, of these restrict-
ive clauses in the constitution of Oregon, because
that discussion, if made with a view of controlling
her action, is an invasion of State rights and State
sovereignty, which I never intend to be guilty of
while I hold a seat on this floor, or have the right
to cast a vote to affect the destinies of this coun-
try.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to prolong this dis-
cussion, but I desire to say that the suggestion I
made, on which the Senator from California spoke,
was a query whether or not this provision of the
constitution of Oregon was not inconsistent with
our treaty obligations with China. I understood
the Senator from Illinois to suggest that the ex-
clusion of the people of any nation from a partic-
ular State was a question of State sovereignty,
with which we had nothing to do. I do not know
how far the Senator would carry that idea. Would
he think it was competent for any State of this
Union to exclude Englishmen, or Frenchmen, or
Spaniards, or the people of any European nation
with which we have treaties of amity and friend-
ship ?
But, sir, there is another doctrine advanced by
;i the Senator from Illinois, to which I never will
' submit at any time, here or elsewhere, and that
I is. that a '{)'■ >'iun arising m a case before us for
I ouracfoii, :s ajudicial question to be passed upon
by the Supiemo Court of the United States, and
ii that we i; ive nothing to do with u Sir. upon
j every question of a constitutional character m-
]\ volved in the admission of a State, or involved m
i| any act that we are called upon to do, we are the
ii judges and the sole judges, and the Supreme Court
have nothing at all to do with it. This is the only
reading of the Constitution that will not make it
an instrument of oppression in the hands of one
department of the Government over another. I
concur entirely in the view presented by General
Jackson on that subject, that each department of
the Government is, and of necessity must be, the
judge of its own power under the Constitution in
regard to the acts that department is called upon
to perform, and that it would be a piece of imper-
tinence in the Supreme Court to interfere^with it.
Ail these questions are submitted to us, and we
have to pass upon them;and in passing upon them
we have to judge, we have to determine what the
Constitution of the United States is, and we ought
to decide it on our own judgment, entirely irrespec-
tive of what the Supreme Court may think. I do
not care what the Supreme Court think on a mat-
ter that is legitimately before Congress for con-
gressional action. When it assumes a judicial
shape, and comes before them in litigation, then
if there are any private rights to be affected by it,
they are to determine. But for the political action
of Congress, of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives, and of the Executive when it comes
to him, each body must judge for itself. In our
legislative action we are the judges, the sole and
exclusive judges of what the Constitution means,
the powers which it confers, and the rights which
it gives to us. I dissent entirely fiom the idea
that in regard to any question appropriately aris-
ing in the fair field of legislative discussion, the
construction which the Legislature are to put upon
the acts they perform is to be governed by the
Supreme Couit. We are the sole judges of what
the Constitution is on such subjects, utterly re-
gardless of any opinions of the Supreme Court
or anybody else on God's earth outside of this
Chamber. The Senate are to judge for them-
selves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Territory of Oregon
asks admission into the Union as a State by the
presentation of a constitution formed without any
authority derived from Congress,and we are not
furnished with any official information whatever
of the extent of her population. It is admitted by
every one, I believe, that a State ought not to be
admitted into the Union until it has sufficient pop-
ulation to entitle it to at least one member m the
House of Representatives. That principle is so
manifestly just that all assent to it. State equality
requires it; for it is unjust that fifty thousand
people in one locality should haven representative
in the other branch of Congress founded upon
population, while fifty thousand in another local-
ity have no such representation. Fifty thousand
of the people of Illinois have as good a right to a
representative as fifty thousand inhabitants of
Oregon. This cannot be denied. The represent-
ation in this body is different. Here it is founded
upon States, and not upon population. It is un-
just, then, to the older States of the Union that
new States should be admitted with a greater pro-
portion of representation than the old States them-
selves have. All assent to this.
Why, then, is it that there is an effort to bring
Oregon into the Union as an equal State without
some evidence of her population? What reason
is given for it r None under heaven but that Kan-
sas has been admitted. Sir, I trust Kansas has
not been admitted, and is not a State in the Union;
I do not believe sne will be a State in the Union
under the bill which you have passed; but if it
were so, that affords no reason why we should
now vote for the admission of Oregon. The very
Senators who urge that argument were opposed,
they toll us, to admitting Kansas with a popula-
tion of fifty thousand; but thev are now against
refusing to admit Oregon with fifty thousand. The
very same Senators say to us," admit Oregon and
then wc will adopt your rule; we will not admit
Nebraska when she applies, without a sufficient
population to entitle* her to a Representative in
the other branch of Congress." Why_ will you
not admit Nebntska if you have admitted Ote-
gon - You want to fix the rule at some other point;
you will not fix it now; you want to admit another
State first. Sir, will it be any better justice to
keep Nebraska and Washington and the other
Territories out of the Union with fifty thousand
inhabitants, when you have admitted Oregon with
fifty thousand, than it is now to keep Oregon out
because you have admitted Kansas; if, indeed,
Kansas be admitted?
