1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
to devise a scheme by which confidence and credit
shall be restored in a single day, and prosperity
restored to the country in three months. I be-
lieve Congress has full power to restore the busi- !
liess of the country as rapidly as it can be possi- ,
bly restored after such a fall. I believe it can be
done, without shocking any constitutional scru-
ples, and without any high protective duties. I j
ask no more for high protective duties than does
the Senator from Rhode Island. I believe that if ;
you will discriminate in favor of American in- j
dustry, as you discriminate ogainst it by your i
present measures, it is all that will be required. I j
believe that, if you will only consent to give the :
American laborer the poor privilege of doing I
American work, you will at once restore this :
country to prosperity. >
Sir, I am very glad that the minds of men are i
turned to this subject. They are looking on with ;
anxiety. It is a subject in which they feel an i
interest, more or less. As tbey suffer more or !
less, as the Secretary of the Treasury says, they '
feel interested more or less, and I trust the end .
will be that through much tribulation and suffer- j
ing and sorrow, sooner or later—it may not be j
in my day, nor in the day of any member of the i
Senate—we shall, at last, reach another and differ- j
ent policy of Government, by which the country )
can be restored to permanent prosperity. • j
Mr.COLLA.MER. I shall not detain the Senate I
long, because it is not likely that the remarks 1
which I may make will operate on any man's mind
but my own; yet, perhaps, it is due to myself to
explain the reasons for the vote I shall give. As I
differ from the views expressed by many of the
gentlemen on this side of the Chamber, I feel the
more bound very briefly to state the views I en-
tertain
In the first place, I cannot regard the law of ;
1847, which is cited as a precedent for the bill be-
fore us, as furnishing any precedent at all. This
bill seems to have been carefully copied after that i
law, with very few variations. I say no prece-
dent is to be found in that law for this bill. That >
was a war measure. It was adopted while we j
were at war with Mexico. It was so adopted as ;
to have effect only while the war continued. I ;
need say no more to show that that can furnish
no precedent for a measure like this in a time of
peace.
In the next place, if that law is to be taken as a
precedent, it should be taken as a whole. The act !
of 1847 authorized the borrowing of $23,000,000 '
as a loan, and the provision for Treasury notes
was interwoven with the other provisions for a
reason then given, and which I well remember.
1 think it was stated by Mr. Cave Johnson, of
Tennessee, who was then chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that, if you adver-
tised for a loan you would get bids only from
great money proprietors, on such terms as they
might choose to offer, and the ordinary people
would get nothing; but if you permitted the Gov-
ernment to issue Treasury notes bearing a mod-
erate interest, they would be taken by the people
who might have$50, or $100, or #200, which th'ey
were willing to deposit in this savings bank, and
thus aid their country and benefit themselves.
The Treasury note system was shaped with a
view of enabling the common people to get hold
of a portion of the loan; for it was provided in
the law that whoever held Treasury notes might
fund them in the general loan. "That was the
reason given at the time, for allowing these notes
to be issued. How far it practically operated it
is not for me to say, but I know it did operate to
some extent.
I say, then, that that law furnishes no prece-
dent for this, because the object now is avowedly
to issue these Treasury notes to circulate from
hand to hand, and they are to be put at a very
small rate of interest for that purpose. I am
sensible that some gentlemen suppose—and the
Senator from Rhode Island seems to have that
view—that these notes, especially the larger ones,
will be valuable for remittances through the mails,
because the bill provides that they shall issue
payable to some person or order, and be by him
indorsed. Clearly, the man to whom the note is
first made payable may, instead of indorsing it
in blank, indorse it to A B, or order, anu A B
fnay indorse it to C D, or order, and so on until
it comes to the man who presents it at the Treas-
ury In that way, to be sure, if tho payee in-
dorses it to A B, or order, he may transmit it
through the mail to A B, with safety, because, if
it be stolen from the mail, nobody can obtain the
money except A B, or somebody to whom he 1ms
ordereditto bepaid. Ifanindorsementisforged,
the drawer pays at his own hazard, and will after-
wards have to pay the true owner. Do gentlemen
really intend that this Government, or its officers,
shall bo put in this condition; that they shall take
up the notes at their own hazard; and if it after-
wards is ascertained that there was a forged in-
dorsement, be compelled to repay the true owner?
Is it intended to take such a burden onus? I
presume not. The provision of the bill is that the
notes shall be payable at the Treasury to the
"lawful holder;" but you may strike out the
word " lawful," and it will mean the same thing;
for a man is not the owner of a note which is
payable to a certain person or order, unless it has
been indorsed to him. Ia truth, there is no way
to secure the Government in the payment of these
notes with safety, if they are to go into circula-
tion, unless by striking out tho provision that
they are to be made payable to a particular person,
or order, and make them payable to bearer. It
is possible that they may all be made payable to
some clerk in the Treasury, who will put his
name on tiie back of each one in blank, and after
that they would pass by delivery, and could not
afterwards receive a restricted indorsement. To
do that, however, is to go through forms for no
practical purpose. You may as well make the
notes payable, in the first instance, to bearer, as
to go through that form of indorsement. i
Probably that provision of the bill will be !
stricken out; but bow came it here ? Undoubt-
ediy it is copied from the statute of 1847, and it
was inserted there after the sub-Treasury system
was adopted in 1846. The object was, that the
Treasury notes should not be regarded as a circu-
lating medium, but as bills payable to order and
indorsed by the payee, and to be used in that way
in order to escape the charge of having in any way
overridden the pro visions of the sub-Treasury sys-
tem. You may possibly preserve the form now,
but you will have to destroy the life of the form.
If you make the notes payable to a particular
clerk in the Treasury, to be by him indorsed m
blank and then paid out, you might as well make
them payable to the bearer at once; this form of
indorsement is resorted to for the purpose of eva-
sion.
Then, let us look at this bill in its true charac-
ter. What is it? We must bear in mind that we
have a sub-Treasury system. I do not propose,
to enter into its merits now. I will simply say
that, in my opinion, it was rather commending
itself to public acceptance than otherwise, by the
lapse of time. How far, in point of fact, it has
been practically observed, is another considera-
tion; I suppose, in truth, it has been generally
vetoed; but no matter, it had, at least, the plaus-
ible claim of conducting the dealings of this Gov-
ernment in a constitutional currency. What do
we see now ? The moment there is difficulty, the
moment there is any pecuniary pressure which is
felt by the Treasury, however slight its pulse may
be, immediately the bottom is knocked out of your
system by this bill; the whole of it is utterly dis-
regarded and broken dov/n. What is substituted
in its place? To begin with: the bill provides for
the issue of #20,000,000—1 will not use any vulgar
names, but 1 will say $120,000,000 of irredeemable
paper; that is, paper which no man who holds it
can get the money for by any legal demand he
may have, short of one year; and as the Treasury
receives these notes in the payment of revenue,
tliev are to be reissued, with a provision that no
more than §20,000,000 shall be out at one time.
Will not this afford the means of paying your
incoming duties? Undoubtedly; and probably
#10,000,000 would do that. I suppose §40,000,000
is probably as much revenue as you will derive
this year from the present tariff. Now, if you
issue $20,000,000 of Treasury notes, they will go
into the hands of those that have duties to pay,
and be used by them in the payment of duties. As
soon as the Treasury gets in $5,000,000 of them,
they will be reissued, and they will go around in
the'same circle again. If you issue §20,000,000,
and they come back in six months and are re-
issued, the^ will have paid during the year yoar
#40,000,000 of duties, and what will be your con-
dition at the end of the year? You will have these
notes in the Treasury, but no hard money, no
constitutional currency. . -
It seems to me that it is hardly worthwhile for
us, at this particular juncture, in a crisis, like this,
to abandon and prostrate altogether the Independ-
ent Treasury system, as it is called,. You will
find it impossible to escape the charge; every man
in the community will know from this bill, if you
pass it, that your much-boasted system of con-
stitutional currency has failed the Government.
Is it not worth while to retain it, at least for a
time ? What says the President in relation to
the circulation of paper money—convertible paper
—bank notes that you can cash every day and
every hour? Because there have been fifty or
sixty days during which the banks declined to
pay spceio for their notes, he says they should
all be put into bankruptcy, and wound up. Then
what are you to do with your sub-Treasury ? k
has failed; it proposes to issue a large body of
paper which is actually irredeemable for a year,
and incontrovertible altogether. Would the Pres-
ident have it put into bankruptcy and wound up*?
Would he have a commission issue on the Treas-
ury, and force it into liquidation ?
The President argues in his message that the
States ought to adopt the same system; they
ought to deal only in hard money, they ought to
follow out the example of this, the mother Gov-
ernment! Let us see how they would follow it
if they were to make the attempt. They would
take nothing but hard money for taxes, and pay
out nothing but hard money. By-and-by a pinch
comes, and they cannot get hard money. Sup'-
poso they follow the example of the General Gov-
ernment, and issue bills; what are they ? Nothing
but bills of credit, which the States are forbidden
to issue. If you give a man a Treasury note,
payable in a year, what is it? It is a bill on the
credit of the Government, for which the faith of
the Government is plighted. When the States
come to this point, the Constitution interposes;
they cannot follow the President any further; he
leads them into a slough; he gets himself out of
it by asking Congress to exercise its power of
issuing bills of credit, which the States are forbid-
den to do. I do not make these remarks with a
view of finding fault with the Independent Treas-
ury system or a hard-money currency; I am
merely endeavoring to show how-palpably and
grossly that system is violated by this bill.
But, sir, there seems to me to be something dis-
honest and discreditable in it. Suppose a man is
my debtor to a small amount; he owes me $1Q0.
5 go to him, and say that 1 want my $100 paid.
He tells me he has stopped payment, and has not
got any money. He admits that he has means
enough to pay me, but he has not the cash. He
can borrow the cash and I cannot, but he says he
will have to give something for borrowing it. I
claim that he ought to borrow the money and pay
me what he owes me. He will not do it, but
proposes to give me a note for $100 at a small
rate of interest—two or three per cent.—some-
thing that he knows will not enable me togetmy
full debt, and he takes advantage of his power to
force me to receive his note or get nothing. Is
that the part of an honest debtor? Is there any
better morality in the Government doing the same
thing ? Is a different system of ethics to be ap-
plied to the dealings of the Government with its
creditors from that which is applied between man
and man ? Certainly not. You may say the peo-
ple are not obliged to take these Treasury notes.
They have Hobson's choice. I say the'necessi-
ties of the Government's creditor compel him to
take the notes, and thus you force him to get the
cash for them. Is that the way to treat your
creditor, to give him a piece of paper for which
you think he can get cash ? Why do you not give
him the cash ? You engaged to pay him so many
dollars for his property that he sold to you, or
the services that ho rendered to you. It is y9«r
business, not his, to get the dollars with which
i to pay him. '
; I say, then, that this whole proceeding is un-
I precedented in its nature, unfair in its principles,
' a violation of the whole idea of the sub-1 reasury,
i an abandonment of the great constitutional cur-
' rency. I have still another reason for objecting
to the bill. If the necessities of the Government
crowd on the Treasury, I am not disposed to find
fault with the Administration,or with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. If he has drawn money
