144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 19,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
it* fpr | do not propose to address any argument
gentleman's fears. It is merely in reply
to.*?# argument urged on us to vote for it, that it
will give peace, and for no other purpose. I dis-
claim any appeal whatever to the fears of any
gentleman. While I disclaim an appeal to the
fears of any one, 1 must also say that any argu-
ments addressed to fears on the other side have
very little weight with me. It is said thaf certain
sections of the country will be so dissatisfied that
they will secede from the Union if this bill should
no^t pass, and Kansas should not be admitted.
All that weighs very little with me. It is no ar-
gument. What weight has it? It is lighter than
a feather shaken from a linnet's wing.
But we are told, if it is distasteful to the people,
they can change it. Is that an argument for im-
posing aconstitution ora law upon a people, that,
if unsatisfactory, they can change it? Why, sir,
the same remark would hold true of any despot-
ism on the face of the earth. The people under
the sway of the Czar of Russia can change their
Government if they wish to. So can the people
of Turkey; the people of France; the people of
any Government, no matter what its principles
are. If the people choose to rise up, they can
change their Government; but do they ? can they,
-practically? At all events, is it an excuse for
those who tyrannize over them, that if the people
are not satisfied, they have the power to make a
revolution? Are we about to impose a constitu-
tion'on a people, and say, "we do not know
whether you are in favor of this constitution or
not; we incline to think you are not; but if you
do not like it, we impose it upon your necks, and
you have nothing to do but to change it?" That,
sir, is an argument from statesmen to statesmen
in the Senate of the United States! That the peo-
ple cannot, except by revolution, change this con-
stitution in any mode differing from the mode
specified in it, has been shown.
But then it h proposed, as I understand it, to
amend the bill which we pass so as that this con-
stitution shall be made more acceptable, more tol-
erable, better than it is. I ask where is the power
in this body, or in Congress, to change one letter
of that constitution, to alter it, to construe it, or
to ftflect it directly or indirectly? We are, it is
true, if we pass this measure, assuming a power
which would imply that; and we might just as
well make aconstitution for them,and say, "this
is your law, live under it," as to do what, if we
pass this bill, we shall do; but after all, does any
man, or can any man claim, under our Constitu-
tion and laws, that we have one jot or tittle of
authority to touch the provisions of that consti-
tution in any manner? I utterly deny any such
power to this body. It does not exist. Thecon-
stitution which comes here we must leave just as
it is, and admit or reject the State, leaving the con-
stitution just as it is; or if we make any amend-
ment, or propose any alteration, we can only refer
the subject back to the people that they may come
in as a State with a constitution satisfactory to
us, indeed, but nevertheless made altogether by
themselves.
There is another reason assigned for this meas-
ure, and that reason is found more fully and ex-
plicitly slated in the resolutions of an assemblage
of highly respectable gentlemen who met at Tam-
many Hall, in the city of New York, on the 4th
of March, on this subject. At the close of the
resolutions by that assemblage of citizens where
they give their reasons one after another why
Congress, in their judgment,ought to admit Kan-
sas under that constitution, the climax of reasons
is this:
" Because James Buchanan, the President of the United
States, lecommendsj it. Elevated to a position which csia-
Mes him mo.naccmately to aseoitam the exact truih uuitd
the conflicting statements coming from heated pauisans in
that distant frontier of the Union," &c.
That, sir, I repeat, is the climax of reasons
which I have heard why the Congress of the Uni-
ted States should admit Kansas into the Union as
a State under this constitution. It amounts to
this: the paity require this act to be done; and
the President is so situated that he can know the
real truth ab8ut this matter better than anybody
else. In regard to the requirements and the dis-
cipline of party, it does not become me, who am
an outsider in that particular, so far as the party
alluded to is concerned, to say much. I will only
say, from my observation of the operations of
party on this subject, your party, a short time
ago, read gentlemen who were veterans—who had
borne the burden and heat of the day under the
Democratic banners—out of the party, because
they disapproved of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
and were honestly opposed to it. It now, as I
understand it, proposes to read men of like char-
acter out of the party, because they are honestly
in favor of the same measure. If, under such cir-
cumstances,.men can keep afloat on the current
of party, I bid them God speed on their voyage.
The other reason, that the.President is so situ-
ated that he can learn the cxact truth and know
all about this measure from the distant frontier in
consequence of his elevated position, I must say,
had it not come from gentlemen who certainly are
entitled to respect, I should have thought the
most frivolous, I was going to say the most ridi-
culous, of all statements that I ever heard made.
The position of the President of the United States
one peculiarly well fitted for learning the truth in
regard to a political question ! Why, sir, king's
palaces are not proverbial for the amount of truth
that is uttered in the ears of the king. Indeed, it
is probably one of the most repulsive features
that surround a man having the kingly office, that
from the day of his birth to the day of his death
he never hears the honest, simple truth spoken.
The President of the United States, it is true, is
not a king; but some of the incidents attaching to
kings attach to him, and one of those incidents
h that he is less likely than almost any other man
in the nation to hear the truth spoken. Who are
the men that surround him, and what are their
purposes and objects? To speak the truth? Does
lie hear the truth from them ? Oh no, sir They
arc men having other purposes and other objects
than to tell the truth. They have an eye to fat
contracts, to gifts, and emoluments. They do not
go there to offend the car of majesty by speaking
the truth, unless it should be pleasant to the ear
of majesty to hear it. About king's courts, and,
I fear, about presidential mansions, there are
many who may, without impropriety, be styled
toads, who live upon the vapor of the palace.
They may have the precious jewel of truth in
their heads, but they arc specially cautious not
to have it on their tongues.
I come, Mr. President, to the result that the
excuses urged for the passage of this measure are
frivolous, unsatisfactory, untrue. They form no
excuse whatever for doing an act which I have
before characterized as being despotic and tyran-
nical. Without occupying the time of the Senate
further,I say,then, thatmyobjectionsto this con-
stitution rest mainly on the fact that it does not
embody the will of the people, and is not in har-
mony with the principles on which our Govern-
ment rests. For eitherof those objections I should
deem it my duty to stand here in opposition, by
my voice and by my vote, to prevent the adop-
tion of the measure. The question of slavery, in
one point of view, I pass by altogether. It may
be that because slavery is in this constitution
the people of Kansas are opposed to it. Of that
they are better judges than I. My objection to
imposing this constitution upon them is that they
are opposed to it. Sir, if it had not one word in
it about slavery—on the other hand, if it had a
clause abolishing slavery within that Territory
forever—if I was as well satisfied that that con-
stitution was as distasteful to the people of that
Territory as I am satisfied this is, I would oppose
it with the same earnestness that I oppose this.
I repeat, I do not know but that it is their objec-
tion that slavery is in it. My objection is that
they object to it'; and I would as siiongly resist
imposing a constitution on them which made their
Territory a free Tenitory forever, as I would re-
sist the adoption of a constitution imposing sla-
very upon them, because it would be an act of
usurpation in both cases.
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. POLK. I desire to ask the Senator from
Connecticut whether he would vote for the admis-
sion of Kansas under any cucumstances, if her
constitution tolerated slavery?
Mr. FOSTER. I have said that I should not.
If the gentleman doubts whether he has convinced
me, I repeat that I certainly would not.
Mr. POLK. If I had so understood the Sena-
tor, I would not have asked the question.
Mr. FOSTER. I staled so the other day, and
I repeat it now. I could not, consistently with
what I believe to be due to that Territory, vote
for the extension of slavery over the line of 36^
30'. I went somewhat at length into that ques-
tion the other day. I will not repeat now the
arguments I then made, but my views are unal-
tered. I was saying at the present time, that if
this constitution was perfectly unexceptionable
in regard to the matter of slavery, and if it had a
clause in it prohibiting slavery within the Terri-
tory forever, still, if 1 was as well satisfied as I
am now that the people of the Territory disap-
prove this Lecompton constitution, I would not
vote to impose it on them. By that I stand, and
I stand by the principle also to which the honor-
able Senator from Missouri has called my atten-
tion, namely: the exclusion of slavery from the
future States of Kansas and Nebraska.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, at the beginning
of the session I did not design or desire to parti-
cipate in any discussion of the Kansas'or slavery
issues; for if not identical, they are inseparable.
After the protracted debates of those issues, I
feel reluctant to weary the Senate or myself with
so trite a theme; but having been placed, instead
of my colleague, upon the Committee on-Terri-
tories, during his detention from the Senate by
severe illness, it may be expectecLof me to say
something in support of the bill which, as one of
the majoiity, I agreed to report, and recommend
to the Senate. Besides, the unanimous action of
both Houses of the Legislature of Alabama, in
providing for callinga convention of the people of
that State to 44 determine their coursc of action,"
in case of the refusal of Congress to admit Kan-
sas into the Union, has been alluded to by
Senators in terms of reproach and of ridicule.
Identified with Alabama by my birth, education,
interest, and affection—regarding her as "my
nursing mother and my grave"—indebted to her
for the highest honors and greatest trusts she
could bestow, and standing here as one of her
embassadors in this Council Chamber of sover-
eign States, I feel it my duty, as well as privi-
lege, to justify or excuse, as far as I can, all her
acts relating to her sister States or to the Federal
Government. T shall speak rather in vindication
of her Legislature than of my vote, and more of
the principles and purposes of the Free-Soil party
in Kansas and in Congress, than of their objec-
tions or arguments against her admission into the
Union.
Mr. President, the people of Kansas ask ad-
mission into the Union. Men of ull parties and
ofevcry political faith have signified in some man-
ner, at some time, their desire to enter the Union.
All parties in Congress have indicated at some
time, and in some manner, a willingness to ad-
mit Kansas into the Union. Disguise it as we
may, sir, it is nevertheless true that Kansas would
ere this have been admitted into the Union with-
out serious objection or protracted«debate, butfor
the sectional sirugglem that Territory and in Con-
gress upon the subject of slavery.
I have heard, with amazement and regret, the
assertion, on the part even of southern Senators,
that slavery is not implicated in these Kansas is-
sues. Sir, those men must be deaf or blind to
the passing events of the hour who can hu  to their
bosoms that delusion. Parties in a Territory
may wrangle and wa'r upon each -other never so
fearlessly; may dissolve legislative bodies and
conventions; may defy Federal authority; may
resist territorial laws; may enact rebellion; may
do all the.se, with impunity from Federal legis-
lation, and immunity from Federal or State in-
tervention; provided, they are not divided upon
geographical questions, or engaged in a sectional
struggle involving sectional rights of property.
Look at Utah, from the settlement of Brig-
ham Young and his followers at Salt Lake, in a
state of open, undisguised rebellion against your
Government, rejecting Federal officers, refusing
11 obedience to Federal laws, and establishing an
jj insurgent government. Look at Nebraska, dis-
solving her legislative body, defying her Gov-
1 ernor,and enactinganarchyandrevolution. Look
