THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19.
out of the Treasury and applied it to the redemp-
tion of the public debt, he acted, no doubt, with
a view to relieve the country. It did that, in some
measure. He supposed, perhaps, that by antici-
pating the debt due in 1868, and paying it now at
a premium, he might possibly so far relieve the
commercial community as to enable the impor-
tations to go on, and thus keep up the revenue.
In that object he has failed. I do not find fault
with him for not having had more foresight than
anybody else in the country. This result has
come upon us unexpectedly; but I say that, when
it has come, there should be fair dealing, and con-
sistent conduct.
Now, what is proposed? It is said that the
object is to pay debts which we now owe. We
have not the money. Then borrow the money
like an honest debtor and pay interest for it. Go
and buy gold, put it into your Treasury, keep up
your sub-Treasury, do not abandon your con-
stitutional currency. You can to-day obtain a
premium for six per cent, stocks of the United
Statesbaving any reasonable length oftime to run.
"You will make money by borrowing gold foryour
stocks. Why this shrinking back from the bor-
rowing of money when you oweadebt, and ought
to pay it? Why not honestly and squarely say
" we will preserve the constitutional currency ;
we will preserve our sub-Treasury; we will not
thrust our paper on people against their consent
and oblige them to get it cashed; but we will as
honest men use our credit to borrow hard money,
and use it as we have agreed to do, in paying our
debts." There is no other honest way of acting
on this occasion; all other modes aie evasions,
inconsistent with your previous principles. The
issuing of these notes is an abandonment of the
constitutional currency, and the more you make
them circulate the greater is the abandonment.
You denv that we have power to establish a na-
tional bank. Wo once had such a bank, with a
capital of $30,000,000, and you said it was a great
monster. Here you are making a national bank
Without checks, without any hypothecation of
securities, based on nothing except the public
credit. You are creating a bank with power to
ssue $>20,000,000 in one day, and to reissue it
from time to time; and at the end of the year, after
you shall have issued this paper three or four
times, year Treasury will be m the same condi-
tion as now.
1 think it would be infinitely better to borrow
money when you need it; not only because that
is honest and right and consistent with your pre-
viousassurances to the public, but because I think
it will be some relief to the community. There
is undoubtedly in this country a very large body
of unemployed money—I do not allude to the
money in the bank vaults; but there is a great
quantity of money sequestered, or, as the com-
mon expression is, hoarded; that is, held by peo-
ple who do not choose to shave notes or lend their
money for short periods. My own State has bad
a little experience on a small scale in regard to this
matter, which will illustrate my meaning. The
little State to which I belong holds that it is best
not to be in debt at all. The State keeps out of
debt; but almost every year, in order to meet the
expenses of the session of the Legislature and
the annual payments to our officers, we have oc-
casion to anticipate the taxes, and, therefore, we
annually pass a law authorizing the treasurer to
borrow a small sum—generally §50,000. lie bor-
rows it for a short time from some of our banks,
and when the taxes come in ho pays them, and
the matter is ended in a few months. This year
ho called on the banks for some money to antici-
pate the taxes. The banks told him: " We can-
not lend the money; with the other banks of the
country we have stopped redeeming, and we hold
it to be dishonest to lend money which cannot be
redeemed; our notes will pass current, and peo-
ple will take them; but honesty requires that we
should not lend you paper which we do not re-
deem, and we will not lend you anything." The
treasurer then went to Boston, and stated his
desire to borrow money for short periods. After
several days' trial, he could not get it, and came
back. The Legislature being in session, he in-
formed them of the facts. It happened that our
State House was providentially burned last year,
and we were rebuilding it, and therefore had oc-
casion to use some money.
On the whole, but with a great great deal of re-
luctance, the Legislature passed an act authorizing
him to borrow $100,000 for five years, at six per
cent, interest. He went to Boston,and came back
with what he wanted, and informed us that he
could have ten times as much any day on one
hour's notice without any discount at all. That
is to say, there is money enough, and people are
glad to get a chance to lend it, provided they have
a security which is known to be reliable, and es-
pecially if the money is not to come back on them
immediately.
I have no doubt that, if you should endeavor to
borrow money, you would get a premium on a six
per cent, loan to any amount you might ask. I
do not think that pj-emium would be as much as
the Secretary of the Treasury has paid on the re-
demptions he has made. -I do not blame him for
making those advances, which he did, no doubt,
with a good purpose, and in all fairness;but I say
that if we borrow four or five millions of dollars,
we shall be no more in debt than we were a year
ago; we shall draw the money from places where
it is now hoarded, and by being put in circulation
in payment of demands against us, it will go to
relieve the people by putting in circulation money
that is now sequestered from use. These Treas-
ury notes, however, give no relief; they do noth-
ing but run round and round in the circle of the
Treasury business; they destroy your system of
constitutional currency, and leave your creditors,
to whom you pay these notes, to get them cashed
as well as they can. To such a system, I am ut-
terly opposed.
Mr. HUNTER. I am very reluctant to say a
word; I know it does not become me to do so,
when I am begging the Senate to vote; yet it is
very hard to pass by such charges as the Senator
from Vermont has made against the measure we
are proposing. It seems to me that I can show,
in a very few words, that they result from an en-
tire misapprehension of our position.
Because wo bring forward a proposition to bor-
row money on Treasury notes, the Senator from
Vermontcharges us with abandoning the doctrine
in regard to hard money, and abandoning our
principle with reference to the IndependentTreas-
ury. Now, sir, what is it that wasever proposed
or promised by the IndependentTreasury? Sim-
ply this: that the Government would be able to
conduct its operations without being embarrassed
by a suspension of the banks; that is to say,
whenever a suspension occurred, the Government
would have its Treasury in such a form as would
be available to it, and could be used all over the
world. Have we admitted that experience has
not proved that this is the best currency in which
we can collect our revenues ? Have we admitted
that there is not specie enough m the country to
enable us to conduct the operations of the coun-
try? By no means. It is not as a monetary
measure that the Treasury note is resorted to, but
because it is the cheapest mode by which we can
borrow money; and tt is not only the cheapest
mode by which we can borrow money, but, inci-
dentally, it will relieve the community more, or,
to speak more properly, it will operate less oner-
ously on trade and commerce than any other mode
in which we can borrow money.
We do not propose it because we confess that
there is not specie enough to carry on the opera-
tions of the country, or because specie is not the
best currency, but we propose it because this is
the cheapest mode in which we can borrow money.
Can anybody deny that? Is it fair to say, in re-
lation to it, that the mode which we propose will
not draw out the specie resources now hoarded
in regard to all except the gG,000,000 to be issued
at once, just as much as a loan would draw them
out? We are to advertise that we will exchange
the note for specie at the lowest rate of interest
at which specie will be given for it. Nor do we
propose to force it on any one. Is it not specially
provided that it shall not be paid to any creditor
of the United Slates except athis option. And is
it likely that there will be any necessity for the
Government to force it on its creditors? If we i
provide the means, is it not probable that the
Government will always be in funds to enable it
to give the creditor his option to take either the
specie or the note; and, what is more, if we issue
the note to the bidder who will give specie for it
at the lowest rate of interest, will it not, in all
probability, command specie at any time and in
any place ?
Then, sir, I deny that, in proposing this issue
of Treasury notes, we are either abandoning our
policy or our professions, or are attempting to
force on the public creditor, if he does not choose
it, anything but gold or silver. In point of fact,
I apprehend it will turn out that, in many places,
many persons will prefer these Treasury notes to
gold and silver, and if you give them the option
they will take the notes. When you trace the
history of the previous issues, you will find that
they were very nearly at par with specie during
the whole time they were issued. There may have
been short periods when they fell below the value
of specie; but generally, in our past experience,
Treasury notes have been equal to specie.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Treasury notesissued
under the act of1847,were fundable at six per cent.,
and for that reason they were of course equal to
specie.
Mr. HUNTER. There have been various acts
for issuing Treasury notes besides the act of 1847
—all modeled on the act of 1837. To show that
there is nothing inconsistent in this bill with our
professions, let me refer to the fact that at the very
time when the sub-Treasury was proposed, pro-
vision was made for an issue of Treasury notes—
in 1837. This is one form of using the Govern-
ment credit; it is the eheapest form; and if it fol-
lows, as an incidental consequence, that we relieve
the community more by using the Government
credit in this form than m any other, are we to be
accused of a departure from principle, because we
do not suffer that consideration to drive us from
what, in other respects, looking only to the good
of the Treasury itself, is the best mode to which
we can resort? Surely not.
The Senator from Vermont says that I referred
to the act of 1847 as a precedent. 1 referred to it
only as a precedent for the form of the bill, and I
offered that argument in reply to the various prop-
ositions suggested for amending the form of this
bill. I believe I might go back and say that it
comes within the act of 1837, though I have not
examined that so critically—I mean in legard to
the provisions as to the form of the Treasury note,
the mode of assignment, and other matters of
detail. These are all laken from old precedents,
which have worked well as far as we know, and
led to none of the objections that have been sug-
gested.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have but a word to say
in reply. It has been put forth all the while that
we were to issue these Treasury notes, and even
place them at a low rate of interest, so as to ena-
ble them to pass as a currency. Now the gentleman
talks of raising money by them as a loan. Why
disguise that loan ? Why not have an actual loan
at once? Again, in view of the illustration which
I gave before, how can any man suppose that we
can get a loan of money on as good terms upon
notes payable in one year, with three or four per
cent, interest, as we could upon a six per cent,
stock payable in five or ten years?
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to refer the Senator
to the fact ihat the average rate of interest on our
Treasury notes has been much less than the aver-
age rate on our loans.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose you can get a
premium for a six per cent, loan having five or
ten years to run; but the impracticability of get-
ting money on favorable terms, upon short paper,
I endeavored to illustrate by the instance in my
own State to which I alluded. There we could
not raise money at all, on short paper, but could
get as much as we wanted on a six per cent, stock
having some time to run. The notion that it is
better to raise this money on short paper is per-
fectly ideal—there is nothing in it.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the advantage of a loan
for a short time is, that we arc very soon to be
out of debt. 1 hope that, with returning prosper-
ity, we shall soon have revenue enough to sup-
port the Government.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to borrow himself out of debt ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; but I expect, with re-
turning prosperity, to have revenue enough to
pay the loan, and the current expenses also, par-
ticularly if we shall get all your free articles on
the duty list.
As the Senator from Virginia has truly said,
this is a cheap mode of making a loan. I do not
say it is the best. It is not the form I myself
prefer. When 1 addressed the Senate before, I
