2206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
The circumstances of the two cases are very
different, but there is an assumption in this de-
bate not warranted by any facts before the Sen-
ate, not warranted by any facts known to me,
winch ts, that Oregon has confessedly more pop-
ulation than Kansas. I deny it. Where is the
evidence of it? Kansas gave a majority of ten
thousand votes against the Lecompton constitu-
tion, and we all know that those who favored it
did not vote at that election. It had some sup-
porters. Six thousand votes were returned in
Favor of it. More than half of them I believe to
have been fraudulent; but suppose there were
some two or three thousand pro-slavery votes for
it, there were more than ten thousand given
against it, making a vote of at least thirteen thou-
sand. The largest vote ever polled in Oregon ex-
ceeds ten thousand but a few hundred, so that
the evidence is that Kansas has a larger popula-
tion than Oregon.
But, sir, whether that be so or not, the fact that
we have voted to admit Kansas as a State, and 1
did so at the last Congress, is not to preclude me
from voting against the admission of another State
under different circumstances. Congress has a
discretion to admit States or not. The Constitu-
tion provides that the Congress of the United States
may admit new States into the Union. When a
state of things arises endangering the peace of the
country; when an army is stationed in one of your
Territories to preserve the public peace at an ex-
pense of millions of money; when thousands of
soldiers are quartered there; when,as 1 believe,a
military despotism has been established in a Ter-
ritory; am I to be told because under such cir-
cumstances I would not stickle for the full amount
of population before I would relieve that people,
that therefore, when a Territory is peaceful, when
none of these considerations exist, when there is
no pressing necessity-for action in order to relieve
the country from civil war, and perhaps save the
Union itself from destruction, I must vote to admit
it with the same amount of population ? Sir, the
circumstances are very dill'eient. I said at the last
Congress that I would not vote to admit Kansas as
a State but from the pressing urgency of the case.
I would have done almost anything in my power
to relieve that people from the despotism under
which they wore laboring.
Now, sir, why is it that Oregon is to be admit-
ted as a State ? Why is the equality between the
States of the Union to be disturbed by allowing
one State a representation for fifty thousand pop-
ulation, and requiring more than ninety thousand
from another? there any pressing necessity for
it? If so, I do not know what it is. I see no rea-
son in the world for H, and I am not to he gov-
erned by any such pressure as is brought to bear
on some-persons, who aieuiged to vote for the
admission of Oregon because it is a free State.
Why, sir, I will not vote to admit a free State
improperly any quicker than I would vote to ad-
mit a slave State improperly. I will vote for
neither to come into this Union,except on condi- j
tions which I believe to be right, just, and proper, i
under the circumstances of the case. The fact '
that Oregon has established a free-State constitu-
tion will not induce me to vote to admit her into 1
the Union when she is not entitled to admission.
I am gldd she has corneas a free State, but it does
not change my views as to the ptopriety of her
admission one iota. I recognize, to the fullest ex-
tent, the idea of State sovereignty. I admit the
right of the people of Oregon, when they form a
State constitution, to regulate their own affairs,
and I never thought there was any practical im-
portance in a controversy about the admission of
slave States or free Slates. The contest is about
olavery m the Territories of the United Stares, and
no man of any party contends that the Federal
Government has anything to do with slavery in
any of the States of the Union. It is with it in
the Territories. There Coifgress has authority
to regula'c the subject and may properly exorcise '
it. Bat when a Territory has population sufficient ■
for a State governmcntond foi ms a State govern- ,
ment for itself, it will regnkite this subject as it
pleases. We have no authority to interfere with i
it and no pirty in the country ever contended that 1
we had. Therefore, sir, J regard ir as a matter'
of very little importance; practically 1 could never
see any importance in the question about which 1
so much has been said of the admission of a free :
or a ^ki/e Slate.
Does human freedom gain anything by keeping
out of the Union a Territory in which slavery is
tolerated? What matters it to the slave whether
he is held in slavery by virtue of a territorial or
n State law, provided lie is enslaved ? You gain
; nothing to human freedom by keeping a slave*
! holding Territory out of the Union. Suppose you
! insist that theyshall adoptafreeconstitution when
they are admitted, have you any power to prevent
their changing their constitution the day after
they are admitted? Does a'nybody contend for
the power to prevent a State, when once admitted,
altering its constitution as it may provide? No
one. Sir, the controversy between parties in this
country is not on the question of admitting free
States or slave States. The controversy is behind
that; it is in regard to the Territories of the Uni-
ted States. If you have free Territories, if you
preserve the country free while in a territorial
condition, there will be no danger of slavery being
introduced either when the Territory asks for ad-
mission as a State or after it shall have become a
State of the Union. In this day and age of the
wot Id you cannot assemble together one hundred
thousand people, even South Carolinians or Geor-
gians, to form a government, without any slaves
or negroes among them, who would agree to in-
troduce them. So far as I understand those with
whom I act, our doctrine is for the rights of the
free white man; we want nothing to do either with
free negroes or slave negroes. I say you cannot
get together, at this day, one hundred thousand
white people without negroes among them, free or
slave, who will then introduce slavery or free ne-
groes either.
Now, sir, I see no occasion for bringing Ore-
gon into the Union; there is no such emergency
as existed in regard to Kansas. If the rule is
right, that a State, in order to be admitted, should
have a population sufficient for one member in the
other House, let us apply that rule here. If it
be right to apply it, after we shall have admitted
Oregon, is it not right to apply it before? Even
if Kansas had been admitted, and wrongly admit-
ted, must we continue the error? Or shall we cease
to do evil and learn to do well' Sir, apply the
rule now, if it is right. If it is unjust to thepeo-
ple of other States to give representation in Con-
gress to fifty thousand people in Oiegon, why
consummate that injustice? Oregon has had no
authority to form a State constitution*, no ena-
bling act was passed for her; and though I agree
with my colleague, that a State m^y'be admit-
ted into the Union, without any enabling act, it
is irregular. The regular and direct mode is for
Congress to provide how a State govei nment shall
be formed out of a Territory,and provide for as-
certaining the population, so that everything may
be done legularly, and the Slate brought into the
Union, in due time, with a population sufficient
to entitle her to admission.
Entertaining these views, I cannot vote for the
ad mission of Oregon at this time. It was asserted
the other day that Oregon had a larger population
I have struggled hard for years to secure the
adoption of that rule. I tried to apply it to Kan-
sas in 1856, but my colleague would not help me
to do it He says if'it is right as a general rule,
it is proper to apply it now; and why do wrong
once more, and afterwards apply a light rule?
Then, however, he voted for the admission of
Kansas with the Topeka constitution, notwith-
standing the smaliness of the population, and al-
though that constitution had been sanctioned by
only about two thousand votes: though it had not
been formed by a legal convention; though there
had been no regularity in the proceedings that led
to its adoption. Again this year he votes to al-
low Kansas to come into the Union either with
the Lecomption constitution or a new constitu-
tion, as the people should see proper, with prob-
ably forty thousand population. Perhaps it would
have been well for him then to consider whether
he had not better do right, and apply the general
rule to Kansas. Why does he vote to apply it
to Oregon, and not to Kansas? I made the "ex-
ception of both Oregon and Kansas, because they
were two inchoate States, standing: on an equal
footing, so far as the want of a full population
and the absence of an enabling act weie con-
cerned. To admit one and reject the other, is
odious and invidious. To admit the one which
has hern irregular in its proceedings, and reject
the one which has been regular; to admit the one
which has been rebellious in her spirit towards
the Government, and reject the one which has
been loyal and devoted to your institutions; to
exclude the one which is a regular, quiet, and
well-settled community, and admit that which
has been in turmoil and strife and civil war, thus
rewarding it for strife and civil war, is, I think,
a,discrimination that is unfair and unjust.
I insist now upon making an exception of both
these inchoate States. Treat Oregon as you have
treated Kansas; waive the objection of an ena-
bling act; waive the objection on the ground of
population, and I will apply the rule to every
other case. 1 have offered in my place, again and
again, in debate at this session, to apply tins rule
to Oregon if you would apply it to Kansas. I
have proposed here, as a settlement of the whole
slavery controversy, aprovision that neither Kan-
sas nor any other Territory shall be admitted as
a State until it has the requisite population to en-
title it to a Representative in Congress accordin?
to the Federal ratio. I proposed that as an ad-
justment; but it was rejected as applicable to
Kansas, and yet it is now to be applied to Ore-
gon; and my colleague asks me, why will you do
wrong in the case of Oregon? and then votes to
apply the general rule. May I not ask why you
did wrong in Kansas, and now wish to apply the
restrictive rule to the inchoate State of Oiegon,
with a larger population, a loyal, law-abiding,
prosperous, and obedient people? Are we to be
told that rebellion is to be rewarded; that civil
war is a passport to speedy admission into the
council chambers of the nation, and that, if a State
than I supposed more than forty or fitly thou- ; wants to come here against rule, all it has to do
  ' ' 11 ^ ' is to violate the peace of the country, raise the
standard of rebellion, shed fraternal blood; and
that rebellion and bloodshed are the speediest road
to the admission into the Union of States? If
you put it on that ground, Oregon may give you
a sample of a speedy mode of getting into "the
Union as well as Kansas. If you are going to
diive her to rebellion, in order to establish" her
claim to consideration and to speedy admission
as a State, she can resort to that expedient as
well as others. I am tol.J she will not do jt: I do
not believe she will. Her settlements wr-Ve com-
menced at an early period by hardy pioneers, at
a time when the country was under joint oecupa-
" England and the United States. No «-ov-
sand. If we postpone this bill until December,
the-fact, in regard to this matter, can he ascer-
tained in the m^an time. One of the Senators from
California has stated that the persons from whom
poll tax is collected in Oregon amount to fifteen
or sixteen thousand. I know not from whence
that information is derived, nor, if that were
shown to be the fact, do I know upon whom this
tax is assessed. For aught I know, it may be
assessed upon all classes of persons, and not upon
voters merely. The best evidence we have before
us of the population is the vote, and judging by
that, it cannot exceed fifty thousand.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have but a very few words
to say; and first, as to the question of popula-
tion. I think it is very clear that the population
of Oregon is larger than that of Kansas. That it
is not equal to ninety-three thousand, I think is
equally clear; that is, about fifty-five or sixty
thousand, in my opinion. Those who have a
ernment being established for them, they made
one for themselves, and they governed themselves
for years without protection from this country or
any other. Afterwards, you gave them a terri-
torial government, and. they went on under it
. .   - ... — - ^ ~ ~ ^ j ^ vwu mi v.1 J
better fliance than myself of forming a correct quietly and peacefully. They are a quiet, s<>I>cr
munini) tiia sinnoi/,™  .1  i._ : 1 . 1*. • 1 1 . J. . - 1 .
opinion—the Senators from California and the
Delegate from Oregon—think iteighty thousand.
Be that as it may, 1 shall not touch that question.
The point raised by mv colleague is against
the admission of a State not having the full pop-
ulation sufficient, according to the ratio of repre-
sentation, for a member of Congress. I am glad
that he is ieady to adopt that as a general rule.
law-abiding people; they have shown their ca-
pacity for self-government, and there is no reason
why they should not be admitted into the Union
now.
There are great reasons in favor of admission.
The Pacific coast has vast interests which are now
represented by two Senators on this floor, and two
Representatives in the other Hall of the Capitol.
