1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
have here expressed in reference to my vote on
this question, without a careful examination of
the considerations which may be addressed to
this side of the House to dissuade us from voting
against an increase of the military force of the
country at this time and for the present exigency,
I will endeavor to present them fairjy, and to state
the reasons why they have not controlled my de-
cision.
It is or may be said from the doctrines which
you, Republicans, maintain, and the principles
you profess, you ought to be willing to give the
Administration the necessary means to execute,
speedily and thoioughly, its purposes in Utah.
You arc opposed to Mormonism. It is a vile
despotism and a hideous immorality. It is aim-
Christian and anti-human. Its creeds are im-
pious and its practices revolting, it makes men
slaves "and brutes. Seventy tnoosand of these
people, intrenched in the mountains between us
and our young empire on the Pacific, living in
the pvacucc of the worst and most debasing im-
moralities— liars, thieves, polygamists, blas-
phemers, murderers—arc now in open rebellion
against the Government of the United States.
Are you earnestly against slavery and indifferent
to polygamy? Dissatisfied with "Americans,"
but prepared to tolerate Mormonism? Certainly
not. And here is this imminent and fearful Mor-
mon question upon you*, it must be decided now;
it lias already been postponed too long. The
Mormons are now no mere handful of wretched
fanatics in your midst, whom the laws of the land
can easily take care of; but they are a large and
rapidly augmenting community, drawing to their
folds great numbers of the weak and ignorant,
and also many of the strong and crafty. Seventy
thousand to-day; the next census, if you let theni
alone, will find their numbers more than one hun-
dred thousand. Have you considered how to get
rid of tiiis abomination, or when you will seri-
ously try ? Will you wait till they are stronger—
will you tolerate, and notdistuib them—or wilt
you, since they arc, of their own motion, in fla-
grant rebellion, seize (his opportunity to vindicate
the rights of human kind, and the honor of the
American name ? And who. in this work, shall
be foremost but you, who arc so deeply enlisted
in the cause of human welfare—you, who have in
your platform of principles and duties, declared
with marked emphasis against those " twin relics
of barbarism, polygamy and slavery?" Who, of
all men, is bound by his principles and profes-
sions to tender his counsels, skill, and efforts to
those who may be intiusted with the responsi-
bility of removing this moral and political cancer
from the body-politic? Who, if not the Republi-
can ?
Mr. GIDDINGS, There is one point to which
I desire to cull the attention of my fiiend from
Maine and the attention of the country. We have
passed no law prohibiting polygamy in the Ter-
ritory, and according to my friend's argument,
we are sending an army there to butcher innocent
people. We have been told that we have no power
to regulate the domestic institutions of the people
af the Territories. The opposite party have de-
nied that power, and now deny it. Now, I say
that I will never send an army to that Territory
until we have prohibited this crime by law. Let
us say distinctly to the country that this vile and
infamous crime shall never be permitted in our
Territories, and then if the people of any Terri-
tory violate that law, I will send an army to en-
force it.
Mr.WASHBURN, of Maine. Iam stating,and
thought I was understood as stating, the reasons
addressed to us on this side of the House to induce
us to vote for this bill. Will you not, it is said,
consider well before you refuse to the Administra-
tion the increase of military power, which, we are
told, is necessary to accomplish the difficult but
most important work it lias m hand, in such way
as to prevent the unnecessary loss of life, and a
vast waste of treasure ? if you refuse, may you not
be held to a grave responsibility before the coun-
try? You say you have no faith in the President,
none whatever; knowing the crimes he is capable
of committing you dare not trust him. You allege
that he has been transferred and made over, body
and -soul, to the slave oligarchy, and is laboring
to his utmost to crush out everything like liberty
and democracy in America. But the real question
will you help him in these ungodly purposes?
Will you permit him to place you in a false posi- |
tion before the country, and weaken your power
to oppose him in his attempts to subvert the Con- !
stitution he has sworn to support? He knows I
that on these Kansas and slavery issues he is
defeated in all the free States, and growing weak
day by day, m the northern slave States, and
hence he is endeavoring, with his low, character-
istic cunning, to misc up a new issue to take the
place of those now before the people. He means
to divert the attention of the country from slavery
and Kansas to Mormonism and Utah. Let five
hundred of our men be cut off in the gorges of the
Rocky Mountains, and he will cause a cry to be
raised in every dwelling in the North that the Re-
publicans refused him troops, and hence this dis-
aster to our gallant but unprotected little army;
and then painting the vices and crimes, foul and
loathsome, of these people, he will hope to excite
a fury of zeal, and raise a storm of ind«£rnation
against the Republicans which shall demoralize
and break down their party, and insure the suc-
cess of the pro-slavery Democrats in the nextelec-
tion, and, in the mean time, the accomplishment
of his purposes in Kansas, and the complete hand-
ing over of the government—its prestige and power
—to the unchallenged uses of the slavery propa-
ganda. Now, are you willing to be caught in such
meshes as these, and will you allow the President
to obtain the advantage he desires by any such
misstep on your part? Will you not, rather, sig-
nalize your loyalty to the central ideas of your
political faith, by giving to the Administration a
necessary power for the execution of a worthy
object, leaving to it the responsibility of abusing
that power? Andean an abuse of that power
work any very serious injury, in the worst event,
to the cause of freedom; and may not your refusal
to grant it, expose your party, which is its de-
fense, to dangerous, if not fatal, assaults 5 On the
whole, therefore, is it not the part of wisdom to
vote the President the increase of force which he
asks for, doing so in the least objectionable form ?
Will you not give him volunteeis for operations
in Utah alone, and for a limited period 5
Mr. Speaker, 1 feel the force of these consider-
ations, and am aware that events may go very far
to justify their wisdom, but they have failed to
convince my judgment of the necessity or pro-
priety of increasing the military power of the
country at this time. I believe the present force,
if employed as it should be, is sufficient for all
necessary purposes. It consists of some seventeen
thousand men, not one thousand of whom, I think,
are east of the Mississippi river. Twenty-five
hundred arc in Kansas-, at least as many more can
be iemoved from other stations with perfect safety.
These numbers added to those now in and on the
way to Utah, said to be about three thousand men,
will constitute a force equal to the emergency, and
as large, I presume, as is contemplated by the Ad-
ministration as necessary for suppressing the dis-
turbances in Utah. Inasmuch as these men can
and ought to beemployed in the Utah expedition,
there can be only one reason why they arc not so
employed, and that is, that they are to be kept
where they may be used to impose upon the peo-
ple of Kansas a constitution which the slavehold-
ers* Administration have prepared for them, but
which they loathe and abhor, I shall hold, and
doubt not the people will justly hold, the Admin-
istration alone responsible for any reverses which
rnav befall the Army of the United Statesm Utah,
or on its way thither. The Administration has
the necessary and sufficient military force already,
and only needs the authority of law to use that
force in Utah.
Mr. CURTIS. If the gentleman will allow me,
I cfesire to say that he has very much overstated
the number of troops stationed in Utah. There
were sent there only two thousand men. There
arc there now not more than fifteen hundred men,
and by the next spring there will not be more than
one thousand. Then in Kansas we have throe
thousand, which makes four thousand. These
are all the regular troops which con be relied on
to meet the emergency. The regular Army is too
much scattered in Oregon, in Washington,and m
Flonda, to be collected in time fur this expedi-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man from Iowa understands mihtnry matteis
much better than I do; but I had understood dif-
ferently in regard to the numbers in, and on the
way, to Utah, and the feasibility of removing men
from other stations.
Mr. COVODE. In reply to the remarks just
made by the gentleman from Iowa, I wish, with
the consentof the gentleman from Maine, to state
that I now hold in my hand a letter from an ofii-
cernowin Utah, writtenatFort Bridget*, in which
he says there are men enough in Utah; that they
do not want any more men; that they have men
enough to conqucr Salt Lake City, if they were
there.
Mr. CURTIS. I should like to know what
officer that is.
Mr. COVODE. It is an officer of the regular
Army, who knows all about it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will state in
reply to the gentleman from Iowa, that I under-
stood the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Bryan] to
state yesterday that he had been informed by the
War Department that the troops now stationed
in Texas had been ordered to Utah. He says:
" A few days since, the Secretary of War infoimed me
that the whole mihtaty force in Texas would be ordered to
Utah.5'
Now, I believe, as I have before remarked, that
the standing Army consists of about seventeen or
eighteen thousand men in all—perhaps of about
sixteen thousand effective men. Twenty years
ago, when the northeastern boundary was yet
unsettled, and a thousand troops were stationed
in Maine, when a large force was required in the
Florida war, our entire force consisted of only
some eight or ten thousand men. Now, sir, at
this day, I do not suppose there are a thousand
men of the Army east of the Mississippi river;
and there are something like fifteen thousand be-
tween the Mississippi and the Pacific. That is
my impression from the weight of testimony be-
fore me. I may be mistaken. There are now
| nearly six thousand men in Utah and in Kansas,
j and more arc being transferred from Texas and
| other points to Utah. So that I think there is a
sufficient forcc now under the control of the Pres-
ident—so far as numbeis go, authority to employ
them only being wanted—to meet whatever emer-
gency exists; and if, in consequence of his failure
to forward troops from Kansas, or elsewhere, any
sacrifice of life should occur, any disasters shall
happen, the Administration alone will be, as I
have already observed, responsible, and will be
so held by the country.
Now, sir, while these are my views of what we
should do, I have no disposition to censure or
complain of the gentlemen upon this side of the
House, or, so far as that goes, on cither side, who
believe with my friend from Iowa [Mr. Curtis]
that the Army is not sufficient for the necessities
| of the service at this time,and who therefore will
vote for an increase of the Army by regiments of
volunteers. I agree with them that if we are to
have any troops, they should be volunteers; but
I cannot bring my judgment to say that there is
a necessity for raising more men, and increasing
unnecessarily the expenses of the Government at
this time.
This debate has been protracted long enough,
and, in my judgment, the time has arrived when
it ought to be terminated; and if there is no gen-
tleman who wishes to address the House on the
subject, I will call for the previous question.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment to make an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Marne. I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. QUITMAN. By some oversight in copy-
j ing the bill, some words were left out. I move
to insert them,so that surgeonsand assistant sur-
geons shall be provided for these regiments, if
they ore raised.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must first
withdraw his pending motion to recommit.
Mr. QUITMAN. I withd raw that motion. I
hope, too, the courtesy will he extended to the
gentleman from Virginia, to allow him to submit
the amendment of which he gave notice.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move my amendment as
a substitute for the fourth, fifth,.and sixth sec-
tions. It provides for an increase of the regular
force.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw his call for the previous question. I
want to express briefly the wishes of the people
