THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1857.
New Series. .. .No. 7'.
was under the impression that these notes, like
the notes issued under the act of 1837, piust be
assigned from hand to hand as long as they trav-
eled; that they were never to pass as money—
never to be in the nature of bank notes passing by
delivery. It is exactly in that view that I think
it is to relieve the country. Money has been locked
up on account of a want of confidence between
man and man. Deposits have been withdrawn
from the banks and other places where deposits
are usually made, and lockcd up* and are now
guarded with constant apprehensions lest house-
breakers shall carry them away. All the gold and
silver thus secured by the owners will very gladly
be exchanged for Government securities bearing
a very low rate of interest; those Government
securities not being subject to the same hazard,
either of arson or of theft, as tile gold and silver
which they are now hoarding on account of a
want of confidence in the incorporated institutions
or in the individuals of the country.
Then, sir, as to the probability of controlling
the circulation and constituting a sort of regulator
of the business of the country: to my mind there
is no mode better adapted to that than that the
Government should constantly exhaust its Treas-
ury. In periods of prosperity money will flow in;
when the people can spare it it will be collected;
and in periods of commercial revulsion, when the
receipts at the custom-houses cease, the Treasury
will be depleted; and when the Treasury is ex-
hausted the Government steps in and makes its
loan during just such periods as this; and the like
has occuried about every twenty years, running
back. When confidence has been lost, when there
has been a failure of the incorporated institutions
to answer the purpose of furnishing money on
the credit of individuals, then the Government
credit comes and draws the money from those
places in which it has been locked up, throws it
into circulation again, and thus, in the ordinary
transaction of its own functions, brings relief to
the community. This is the only mode in which
the Government can properly interpose, and it is
aroeffeetive mode at a time like this, when specie
e,nough is locked up m the country to answer all
Qur wants, and it merely requires some hand
sufficiently strong to draw it out and throw it into
circulation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that the
House of Representatives has already adjourned,
and I suppose nothing can be gamed by forcing
this bill through the Senate to-night, if it wore
practicable to do so. It is undoubtedly true that
a number of Senators desire to speak on it. If
we sit longer, we shall probably be forccd into a
night session. As I can see nothing to be gained
by that, and as it will not advance the measure
particularly, I will,in accordance with the desire
of several gentlemen around me, move that the
Senate do now ad]ourn.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion for a moment, in order to allow me
to make an appeal to him ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. When we adjourned yester-
day, 1 thouglititwas with the understanding that
we were to have a decision on it to day. The
Senate is aware that there is urgent necessity for
speedy action on it We know that a Senator
fMr. Biglee.] has the floor for Monday for the
discussion of another subject; and if we do not
dispose of this bill to-day, we shall probably
have a contest with him on Monday. We know,
too, that the Chnstmas holidays are approaching,
and it would very much facilitate the transaction
of the public business if we were to minister to
the necessities of the Government by passing this
bill soon. If we are going to pass it, let us say
so at once. If we will not pass it m this fomi,
let that be known. I hope I shall not be con-
sidered unreasonable m asking the Senate not to
adjourn now, but to take the question on the bill
to-day or *o-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see what ks to
be gained by pressing the bill to-night. It we
i it to-night, that will not make it law. If we
delay it until Monday, our action will, probably, j
be soon enough for the House of Representatives. |
I am ready to express my views on the bill now, |
but this is a very important measure, which ought
not to be hurried through; and, as a number of
Senators will probably speak on it, I renew my I
motion that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 18, nays 27; as follows:
YEA8—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fcssenden, Foot, Hale, Ilaiian,
King, Pugli, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—18
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Big2s, Bigler,
Broderick, Brown, Clay, Davis, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpauick,
Gwin, Hunter, Iveraon, Julmsun of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee,.Tones. Kennedy, Mailory, Mason, Pearee, Polk,
Held, Sebastian, Thomson of New jersey, and Wright—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In his annual message,
which was sent .to the Senate only eleven days
ago, the President of the United States, after
reviewing the condition of the country, and at-
tributing our commercial disasters to the circula-
tion of bank paper, congratulated the country on
the condition of the United States Treasury, in
this language:
"Thanks to the independent Treasury,the Government
has not auapende.l payment, as it was compelled to do by
the lailuie (if the banks m 1837. It w,U continue to dis-
cbarge its liabilities to the people tn gold andsilvei. Its
disbursements in coin will pass into circulation, and mate-
rially asftistm rooming a sound cunency."
This was the language of the President only
eleven days ago. At the same time, we received
a report from the Secretary of the Treasury show-
ing that the revenues of the country Tor the next
fiscal year would be sufficient to defray all its con-
templated expenses. Now, sir, 111 less than two
weeks, what do we see? A bill is brought in pro-
posing the issue of $20,000,000 in Treasury notes.
After reading a lecture to the Stales about the im-
propriety of banks of issue, founded upon specie,
and the paper of which is intended to be con-
vertible at all times into specie; and after pro-
fessing to pay out nothing except gold and silver
from the United States Treasury, we find, coming
from the same source, this proposition to issue
§20,000,000 of paper money. This shows how
professions and practices sometimes run counter
to each other. The President, boasting of the
credit of the Government, told us in his message
that—
• " From us high credit, should we be compelled to make a
tempoiaiy loan, it can be effected on advantageous leuns.
This, however, shall, if possible, be awmled; but, il not,
then the amount shall be hunted to the lowest piaelieable
tum."
What has occurred in the last eleven days to
change this entire programme? This is a most
extraordinary proposition, in a time of peace,
without any extraordinary expenses having been
incurred in the last ten days, here is an actual
proposition bi ought before the Senate to raise
$29,000,000; in a form, too, directly at war with
the professed policy of the Administration.
I have had occasion, at different times, to at-
tempt to show that, this Administration, and the
one that preceded it, although professing to enter-
tain certain principles, had in practice departed
very widely from them. I think this is an in-
stance. The preceding and the piesent Adminis-
trations, calling themselves Democratic, professed
to advocate Democratic measures. One of the
cardinal principles m the creed is economy—to
carry on the Government in an economical way,
and to raise no more revenue than is absolutely
necessary for an economical administration of its
affairs. This is the principle. How have they
carried it out? For the four years expiring on
the 30th day of June last, there were expended
more than two hundred and eighty-five, million
dollars, more than two hundred and forty mil-
lions of which were exclusive of money said on
account of the public debt—a sum larger liy mil-
lions than any other Administration ever ex-
pended during the same period, even in time of
war. On the 1st day of July last, as shown by
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, there
were nearly eighteen million dollars' in th^Treas:'.
ury. His report further shows that, for the.th'reej
months ending the 30th of September last, lie jse-
ceived into the Treasury more than twenty mil-
lions, making upwards of thirty-eight millipri doj-'
lars; and he estimates the receipts for the next
three quarters at more than thirty-six millions,
which is over twelve millions a quarter. Here
were nearly eighteen millions on hand on the 1st
of July, an addition of twenty millions by the end
of September, and twelve millions more before
January is to cofnmeace—making altogether fifty,
•million dollars expended in six months; and that,
is your economy ! Now, the Secretary asks for
$20,000,000 more; and this bill is brought in.
to be urged through in hot haste the second
week of the session, within eleven days after we
have been told by the President that the Govern-
ment of the United States is able to discharge
all its obligations in gold and silver! Hi? wanft
§70,000,000 to administer this Government for six,
months !
Sir, lam in favor of raising the necessary, meap's,
to carry on this Government, not by increasing tfie.
tariff, not by increasing the revenues in any form;,
but I am for bringing down the expenses of the'
Government, and you never can do thatwhenyouj
have a full Treasury. In order to show howin-
consistent the professions and the practice of the'
Administration are in this respect, I desire to read,
another extract from the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury. He says:
" When the public revenue happens to be abundant, many
projects are listened to and adopted by Congress without
cai el'ul regard to the burdens they may permanently impose.
Tiie building new revenue cutters, not needed for the en-
forcement of the revenue laws; the multiplicaUon of ports
of entry and ports of delivery, for local and temporary con-
venience, at points not required for the collection of tb&
revenue: and the erection of expensive buifdings for officers,
of the customs and other public officers, are of this class,"
The Secretary of the Treasury deprecates a largo
revenue. This was but eleven days ago, when
he told us he had money enough to carry on the
Government for a year; but it was possible, as'
the President said, that a loan might be required;
but it should be for a small ^mo.unt, and no more
than was absolutely necessary should be, called
for. What has brought about this change? If
it is the intention of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in good faith, to reduce the expenses of the
Government, and to prevent the establishing of
ports of entry and delivery, and building custom-
houses and appointing officers where they are not
wanted, why this attempt to raise ^20,000,000,
thereby making the revenue " abundant," and
leading to the very legislation which he depre-
CaMr'. CHANDLER. Will the Senator yield
the floor? I wish to move an adjournment, aa
it is now tlie dinner hour. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn,
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I desire to get
action on the bill. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 26, as follows:
YE \S--Mossis. Chandler, Clare, Collamer, Dixon, Doo-
little, Foasemieu. King. Pugii, Seward, Simmons, Trum-
bull. Wade, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Mesvra. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bugs, Biglor,
Broderick, Brown, Clay, Davis, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
Green, Gwin. Hunter, Ivcrsou, Johnson of Arkansas-, John-
sou ot Tennessee, Kennedy, Mailo'ry, Mason, Pearco, Polk,
Reid, Sebastian, and Thomson of New Jersey?—3&.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL It was to have been hoped
that after tins warning of the Secretary of the
Treasury, showing that a large amount of money
in the Treasury led to increased expanses, there
would have been no attempt to raise, especially
by an issue of shinplasters, a surplus revenue,
so as to have more money on hand than was act-
ually wanted for the expenses of the Govern-
ment. One good effect' which I had thought
would ariso from the revulsion in commercial
affairs, and depleting the Treasury, was that it
would lead to less extravagance in the adminis-
tration of the Government. I know that various'
appropriations are passed through this body
