1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2*207
I desire to give additional representation in each ;
branch in order that the Pacific slope may have il
fair voice and just representation in the councils
of the nation:and if we would relax the rule any- '
where it should be to give a fair voice to the Pa-
cific coast. I have seen Oregon and Washington
Territories suffer in their interests because of the
wantof representation here, and it was not in my
power to prevent it. California has had vigilant
Senators here looking after her interests, and draw- j
mg everything that the Government could control i
into California, when, if there had been a repre- ■
sentation ofthe whole coast,you wouldhave heard !
a little oftener of the Columbia river, and of Pu- |
get sound, when you came to the distribution of j
the patronage of this Government, or the distn- j
button of money for public works, and to develop •
the countiy. It is fair and just that they should
have a representation at as eaily a periotl as you
can give it to them consistently with those rules 1
which you apply to other States. I
I say, therefore, if you make a distinction, it ;
should be m favor of Oregon instead of against !
her. I am reminded that the House of Repre- '
sentatives passed an enabling act last year for j
Oregon. That is true; I have stated it b"fore in 1
debate. It was reported favorably by the Com- ,
mittee on Territories of tjie Senate, and would ;
have passed if we had had another day's session.
It was lost on the last night of the session. I was
blamed for not succeeding in getting it through. ;
I had the territorial business of Oregon, Minne-
sota, Kansas, and all the other Territories press-
ing on me at once; each Delegate thought I should
give preference to his business, and the Delegate
from Oregon thought hard of me because I did not
succeed in getting the enabling act through. The
'Senate unquestionably would have passed it then
if we could have had a vote on it. The people of
Oregon, knowing it had passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, knowing that itttas understood it
would pass the Senate, proceeded to call a con-
vention in obedience to what they supposed to be
the assent and permission of Congress at the time.
As I have said, their proceedings have been reg-
ular. Now, why exclude them on this technical
rule of a wantof population, when you would not
apply it to Kansas, nor to other Territories here-
tofore? I say admit ail the present inchoate
States; Oregon is the last of them; and then lam
ready for your general rule, as I have proposed,
and I shall adhere to it in the future, but I will
not make this odious discrimination between
these two inchoate Slates.
Mr KING. Mr. President, I am disposed to
vote for the admission of Oregon, though I be-
lieve her population is not equal to the ratio re-
quired for n Representative in Congress ; but as
1 have voted for Minnesota, and as 1 should have
voted for the admission of Kansas if she had been
allowed to fiame a constitution for herself, or pre-
sent herself in accordance with the wtsh.es of her
people, as a free State, I shall vote for Oregon,
ond I shall vote against this mu'ion to postpone
the further consideration of the b  11 until Decem-
ber next, as that is unquestionably a test vote on
the passage of the bill.
I did not rise to discuss the question of admit-
ting the State of Oregon, but to express some
views m relation to a question that has been pre-
sented m the Senate, in commenting on the pro-
visions of the constitution of the State of Oregon.
The constitution entirely excludes slavery from
the State, which, I think, is a very excellent pro-
vision. I recollect that the first Delegate from
that Teriitory, who came when they had only a
provisional government, Mr. Thurston, stated the
absolute and neaily universal wish of that people
to be not only free from the presence of slaves,
but also that it was the very general wish of that
people to have a homogeneous white population,
and to be free from the settlement of blacks among
them. They did not desire to encourage the set-
tlement of that population among them, either as
freemen or slaves, i think myseif that such a
provision in a constitution as excludes a black
man from a right to reside in the State, or to sue
in its courts, is a liaish provision; and residing
in the Stale, I should be opposed to such a pio-
vision of law; but I certainly would not be in fa-
vor of encouraging the immigration of any con-
siderable number of black men into a State to
settle and live among a white population. I think
it is the interest of both races that we should live
separate. I have here a brief extract from the
letter of a black man, which I propose to read to
the Senate, and m whose opinions against mixing
the two races I can say that I entirely concur.
He has been the projector of a periodical, which
he proposed for the benefit of his race, and has
attended conventions of men of his own color;
and advocated, some ycais since, the project of
colonizing, with a view to enable the black mpn
! on this continent, where they were born, to test
at any rate their ability to establish and maintain
i a community by themselves. He says:
' "The fact i>, the Saxon and negio are the only positive
races on this continent, and the two arc detuned to absorb
j into themselves all the oihetx, and like two po-itivo poles,
I they repel each other ; and if the ono declined to occupy
all the tempeiato regions of tins hemisphere, it is equally
certain that the other will predominate within the tropics.
1 The slavei) piopagamh^ts unwillingly admit the same when j
i they declare no«n> labor to be indispensable in those le- |
1 gious. The question which suggc>ts itself to the intelligent j
mind i>\ shall thinjrs be permitted, and encouraged to reach ;
, then natural development, which no combination of cir-
{ cumstatic^ can prevent, (however much it may retard it,)
! bv the peaceful influence of iree labor? or shall the slavery
■ piopngandi-ns be allowed l<> mteilereand check, for a tunc,
[ the maich of civilization, when the ultimate re^ilt must be
to iMier-tn, through war and anarchy, the verv same «tate
' of things which might have been much sooriei and easier
! icachcd by peaceful and legitimate means, to the great ben-
: efit ofthe whole civilized woild?'5
; I think this black man writes good sense. It is
j a letter which he wrote upon having read the
• speech of a Representative from Missouri, [Mr.
I Blair,] upon the subject of colonizing- Central
I America by the blacks, and thus establishing a
home for that race without interference with the
i whites, leaving the great body of the continent
■ and the States which we occupy to our own race,
l and providing for them, or for those of them who
chose to go theie, a home where the climate would
■ be suitable and inviting to them. In order to ac-
complish anything like this, we must certainly be
1 aware that any scheme for such a purpose, to be
! successful, must commend itself to the black man,
: as well as to the white man. The colony of Li-
i beria, in Africa, has never commended itself to
j the black man; and that, in my opinion, is the
i reason why that colony has not flourished more.
! The white people of the country, so far as I know,
: everywhere—the great mass of them—would have
' been glad to encourage and aid the emigration of
the black man to Afuca; but he was unwilling to
leave the country in which he had been bom, and
| looked upon it as an effort to get rid of him. The
blacks have therefore never been induced, in any
i great numbers, to go; and a great number of peo-
I pie, like the black r«ce in this country, can never
| be carried off to adistantand separate homewith-
! out their consent and cooperation. Theonlymode
| in which we can relieve our country, relieve the
blacks and the whites, divide these races, and pro-
! vide separate homes for them, is by some scheme
1 which will meet the approbation of both—one
' which the parties themselves will execute. I think
well of a scheme presented of a colony in South
; America—or Central America, perhaps, is better
—ex<ending to it such aid and protection from this
Government as wojild be perfectly legitimate and
I proper, ni the hope that such a measure would be
the ttcst means of accomplishing a result so de-
sirable for the benefit of both white and black. I
think some such result as this will comc m one
, way or another, fiom the collision of interests,
from inevitable causes, and from the competition
| of free and slave labor.
From this, and other letters on this subject,
' from black men, which 1 have had the opportti-
; nity to see, I learn that this scheme is one winch
; the"intelligent and educated men among them have
consulted upon—though I was not aware of it
! until recently—for some years past,ami have been
, contriving how it might bo executed. They sneak
, of the great difficulty, m their scattered condition,
1 of inducing cooperation among their people, and
of apmohensions of difficulties. They have sent
agents to St. Domingo. and confcired wuh the
Government there, with a view to emigration to
that country; but no feasible project has yet been
adopted. Hut, as the tree and slave labor of our
couutvy begm to press upon each other, that con-
dition ef things arises which is usually denom-
inated " necessity;" and necessity woiks out the
ends which it requires. In the State of Missoun,
' as the natural place for tins movement to find a
head and bezinmns:, we find this scheme presented
' and advocated. Missouri desires a place where
her black people can go, and be well provided for/
and which will be satisfactory to them as well as
to the whites who are to remain; and colonization
in Central America naturally suggests itself as the
means. '
This idea of a free colony of blaclj men is one
which should commend itself to our considera-
tion, and for my part, hi that connection, 1 do not
object to the provision which the people of Ore-
gon have adopted in their constitution, i believe
the Topeka constitution of Kansas contained a
provision of the same sort, and so of most of the
border States; and I am perfectly willing to see
the people of these new free States exercise their
discretion; and whatever their wish and will is, let
them speak it out, and not suppress it; for that
which a community desires is that which they
should tafk about and proclaim, because they are
most likely to know what is best for their inter-
ests and their happiness.
This and other letters which have been placed
in my possession, have communicated inform-
ation to me in relation to the views entertained
by the black men of the country, and as I said,
I regard them as more important to us on this
subject than any information as to the views of
the white men; fori think there is not any doubt
that the great mass of the white men desire to
see something done that will provide a separate
and satisfactory home for the black man. I have
no doubt that there is such a desire throughout
our whole country—strongest, perhaps, where
the necessity pi esses strongest. We owe some-
thing to these black people, who have served for
so many years, with so great fid( hty and docility,
the white race, and wo ought, if we could, do some-
thing for their benefit. Some scheme which will
be satisfactory to them, and also to us, must be
devised to cany this pi eject out.
As I said, the conditio.) of things now is such
as requires something of this soit. They are
looking to emancipation m Missouri beyond ail
question. Their newspapers are discussing it;
and I have* no doubt that in other bolder States
that idea would be mote generally entertained if
a lational, easy mode of providing for the black
population was ready at hand. Indeed, I remem-
ber when the annexation of Texas was discussed
here and through the country, that one of the
strongest arguments used in favor of annexation,
through all that part of the country where 1 re-
side, was that bringing Texas into the Union as
a more extreme southern State, would draw off
the black population from all the border slave,
States, and that they would become free States;
and that it was desirable to piovide some States
further South, to which the black population
could go.
I speak of thus to bring the subject to the at-
tention of the Senate, and to avow my wish and
disposition, in any practicable mode, to aid in
providing such a place for the free blacks of the
country. It is unnecessary for me here to state
that, in relation to (he rest of that population, the
responsibility is with each State tor itself, in ail
these matters, and that, without a right to inter-
fere, there should be the modesty not to under-
take to make suggestions. I have never attempted
to do it in Congiess, and I shall'not now. Rutin
leference to the free blacks, they are among us
all, and my own opinion is, that it would be best
for them, as 1 am sure it would he for the white
population, 'hat a home should be provided for
them. I am glad to see this project; and inasmuch
as this point has been alluded to in the discussion
of the constitution of Oregon, I speak of it in that
connection, and I desire to say that the provision
of the constitution of Oregon, for that reason, is
no objection to me; but it seems to me to be one
of the provisions which, in the ordinary couisc
of human action, by the collision of forcesand in-
teiests among men, is calculated to aid in work-
ing out and producing a proper result essential to
tile good of all.
Mr.GRliEN. Before the vote is taken,! merely
wish fo conect the statement of the Senator from
New Yoikctsto the sentiment of Missouri. It
lias bi <. n my privilege to live there nearly twenty-
one years, to mix freely with the people, of all
Classes ———•
Mr. KIXG. The Senator will excuse me for
interrupting ium. I would not presume to state
what was the predominant sontimontof Missouri.
I spoke of topics which are discussed there, and
