a 184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18.
and to take and exercise -wholesome control over
that Territory. One ggntleman has read to us the
opinion of an officer of the Army. I am always
very glad to hear what the officers of the Army
have to say about matters of this kind. But, Mr.
Speaker, if we wish to regain and assert our as-
cendency in that quarter without bloodshed, if
•we want to accomplish what these gentlemen say
we ought to accomplish, we must have such a
force to proceed there in the spring as will com-
mand ascendency without striking a blow. The
larger the force you precipitate upon that Terri-
tory, in my opinion, the less bloodshed you will
have, and the sooner you will command peace.
With the force now there, you will not have peace
without first a great deal of bloodshed, and the
loss of many lives. And I would tell that officer
in the Army, if he were here, that I would prefer
that'fiis commanding officer had three or four
times as many troops under his command, with
-■which to take Salt Lake City, than he now has, and
that thereby would be saved the lives of many
gallant officers and many men upon our side.
- The policy, in my opinion, which this Govern-
ment ought to adopt, would be to send there a
force which Brigham Young could not resist, and
which the people of Utah and Salt Lake City
"Would know it would bo impossible to resist; and
then, without striking a blow, we should have a
surrender. Otherwise, you will have the loss of
manjr lives in the Territory, and a protracted
guerrilla war from the heads of all the canons in
the country; and one which can be maintained by
those desperate men, inured to the hardships of a
life in that country, and acquainted with its geog-
raphy, as no other people are, for a series of years
to come.
Now, sir, I do not participate in the alarm which
some gentlemen feel, that this army will be used
elsewhere. In the first place, if it is the intention
of the President to do the thing which they fear
he will do, he has the army and the men with
which to do it already in that Territory; and he
is as likely to do it with those men as he would
be if we gave him the additional five thousand
volunteers, for it will make hardly any difference
in the conflict which that act would provoke,
whether he had thesa additional five thousand
men or not.
As I said, I do not participate in that alarm.
It may have been, and I believe it was the case,
that the President, in the flush of his first ascent*
to power, did do mischief; but he has learned
some lessons sinco that time which he is not
likely soon to forget, nor the men who back him.
He has learned that there is a power which can
check his career, and which will not submit to
have the Army of this country turned upon the
peaceful citizens of this country, for an illegal and
an abominable purpose. In my.opinion, he has
already learned that lesson from what has trans-
pired since the attempt was made. If he has not
learned it, and persists in going forward m the
career he seems to have marked out for himself,
he will meet with a power which can check his
caieer. There is a mode of doing these things
which the President well understands; and we all
feel and know that it will bo exercised if he un-
dertakes to use the Army against the peaceable
citizens of the country in Kansas.
Therefore, I do not participate in that alarm,
nor do I intend to hold myself responsible here for
refusing to do what I believe the country demands
of us, for fear that the President, or some other
man, may do some other thing equally obnoxious.
I am as willing to confront him in this matter as to
confront Btigham Young in the mountains, and
to apply that remedy to his conduct here which
I shall vote to apply to Brigham Young. I think,
if he docs persist, he may himself be a fugitive
as well as Brigham Young, and the fate of Co-
monfort may await them both.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think it is due to the ex-
igency that we should at least place these troops
at the disposal of the President, so that, if there
should arise any emergency in Utah requiring the
troops, he may have them. If, as gentlemen say
here, there is no such necessity now, I argue that
there may be; and if, as has been already remarked
on this floor, any evil should befall the gallant
army that is now shut in by the snows of the
mountains, I do not wish, for one, that I individ-
ually, or the party with which I act, should be
held responsible for that calamity. So far as
anything has occurred already in this matter, we
know where the responsibility is. We know
that the planning of that campaign, and the imbe-
cility which marks every stepof it, are to be fixed
upon the Presidentand his Administration. We
know that, if he had not kept the troops in Kan-
sas to do a work which of itself was infamous,
they would have been, before the winter snows
fell, in the valley of Utah, and have brought that
people to subjection. Now, while up to this pe-
riod tha responsibility does rest on the President
from his failure to do his duty in this matter, I
trust that we shall fix the whole responsibility on
him and on the executive arm of this Govern-
ment, in the future conduct of this campaign.
I have no difficulty—none at all—on the subject
of the power of the President to move the Army
into the Territories of this Government. Nor have
I difficulties about the power of this Government
over the Territories; and I trust that, if no other
good thing comes out of this unfortunate affair—
so to characterize it—it will give the last and fatal
blow to that heresy of squatter sovereignty that
has grown up in this land. I am one of those who
believe as strongly in the doctrine of popular sov-
ereignty as any man on this floor; but it is the sov-
ereignty of the whole people of the country m
regard to their territories. It is the right of the
people of the country to govern what belongs to
them; and I say it is rank cowardice to abdicate
a power conferred on Congress by the Constitu-
tion, to shirk it off upon the first two or three
hundred individuals that may reach a territory to
be organized by this Government.
I make these remarks, Mr. Speaker, in view
of what I have read from the laws of that Terri-
tory. I think that, while we are preparing to bring
Young and his deluded followers into subjection,
we should, at the same time, take proper meas-
ures to prevent the recurrence of similar events.
I think that we should, before the adjournment
of this Congress, pass a bill, copied fiom the bill
organizing the old Northwestern Territory, giv-
ing to the Governor and judges of that Territory
egislative power. It is the only means by which
that Territory can be regulated, if it retains a ter-
ritorial organization. These people have already,
as is well known to the whole community, driven
out from their midst every man who does not agree
with them in their polygamistcode; and now the
Mormon community is nothing butagreat brothel.
Mr. Speaker, I have not examined with agreat
deal of care, nor do I consider myself competent
to pass to an examination of, the details of the bill
before us. The confidence that I repose in the
Committee on Military Affairs, and especially on
those members of it who are most conversant with
military affairs, would constrain me to vote for the
bill they have reported. I shall therefore vote for
the bill to place five regiments of volunteers at the
disposal of the President, but I will not, under any
consideration, vote to add a single man to the reg-
ular Army.
Mr. QUITMAN. I think now that this debate
has been sufficiently extended, and that the views
of all the subdivisions of the House have been
presented on this bill. I therefore move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi to give way for a moment.
Mr. QUITMAN. I would willingly comply
with the gentleman's request, but I think we have
already had debate enough on the bill.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLFAX. Let me suggest to the gentle-
man from Alabama to let the previous question
be seconded, and then the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi can close the debate at this time; and that
will give time for members to be sent for.
Mr. HOUSTON. After the previous question
is seconded, a call of the House is not in order.
If, by general consent, a call of the House can be
then had, I have no objection. I simply desire
to have members present when the vote is being
taken.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi will, of course, speak for some time,
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays, as I understand the
gentleman from Mississippi intends to occupy his
hour now before the previous question is second-
ed. Then the call of the House can be had.
The SPEAKER. Under the practice of the
House, the gentleman from Mississippi can oc-
cupy his hour after the previous question is sec-
onded.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, with the consent of the
House, I will withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FAULKNER. And I ask leave to with-
draw the motion for the call of the House.
There being no objection, the motion was with-
drawn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. _ I hope the gentle-
man from Mississippi will withdraw his call for
the previous question. I want to say a few words
on this question.
The call was not withdrawn.
The previous question was seconded; there be-
ing, on a division—ayes 70, noes 48; and the main
question was ordered.
Mr. QUITMAN. After the somewhat pro-
tracted debate upon this bill, I shall endeavor to
confine my remarks to those points which, in my
judgment, need reply or explanation.
There seem to be two classes of opponents to
this bill. First, those who distrust the Admin-
istration, and are therefore unwilling to placc at
their disposal any additional military force what-
ever. While some of these gentlemen admit that
an emergency has arisen such as to require an
additional force, yet their distrust of the Admin-
istration overrules their good judgment, and in-
duces them to oppose this bill.
The other class is composed of gentlemen who
desire to increase the regular standing Army.
Well, Mr. Speaker, I think gentlemen who thus
oppose this bill for the first reason, mistake aito-
gethei the views of the President in regard to the
expedition to Utah. I do not appear here as a
special defender of the President's measures. I
have had no part in them, and perhaps might find,
were I to look into them, some objection to the
way the Army has been employed within the last
year. But, Mr. Speaker, the President is right
m his determination to support the officers ap-
pointed to take charge of affairs in Utah by some
military force. The gentleman last up, on the
other side of the House, [Mr. Blair,] has pre-
sented this question in a very strong light. There
may be some doubt whether Utah, strictly speak-
ing, is in a state of rebellion or insurrection; but
no man can doubt that it would bo unsafe to send
civil officers of the United States there to enforce
the laws of'the United States over thatTerritory,
unprotected by a military force.
As I understand it, the Territory of Utah has
been constituted into a military department of the
Government, and the President wishes to station
a sufficient number of troops there to prevent re-
sistance to the laws,and to suppress the rebellious
spirit which appears to exist there. No man in
this House will deny that it is the dutv of the
President, as it is his right, to appoint officers to
administer the government of thatTerritory, in
accordance with the laws of the United States.
Finding the laws made by the existing Legisla-
ture of Utah such as the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] has shown—finding that they are
arrayed against the authority of the United States
—who doubts that it is the duty of the President,
ill sending ofHeeis there, to protect them with a
military force, not for the purpose of making war,
but for the purpose of performing the peaceful
duty of applying the laws of the United States
to the Territory of Utah? Who doubts the pro-
| priety or even the necessity that they should thus
f be protected? Besides, it is the right, I believe
it to be the duty, of the President, under exist-
ing circumstances, to station a strong force in that
military department of the country. There is no
intention, so far as I have heard, upon the part
of the Administration, to make war upon the Mor-
mons, or to murder their wives and children. On
the contrary, I doubt whether there is a man upon
this floor who does not know that the whole
i American people would repel the idea of making
| war upon the Mormons, if they submit to receive
! tile officers legally appointed over them, and obey
! the laws rightfully made for their government. 1
: see, therefore, no reason to suspect that this mil-
