2208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
which arc entertained by some of the citizens of
Missouri. I certainly would not here undertake
to decide as to what was the prevailing sentiment
of Missouri.
Mr."GREEN. Then I understand the Senator
to admit that he does not undertake to give the
sentiment of Missouri.' If he undertook to do it,
I should correct him, for I know it to be exactly
the reverse of what he represented it, as I thought;
but, as he now corrects himself, he confines it to
a few individuals.
Mr. KING. The Senator will allow me. He
does not, of course, desire to have me seem to
state anything I did not. I did not assume to
state how strong or how weak was the sentiment
to which I alluded—whether it was predominant,
or the view of a minority. I only spoke of it as
a sentimentexisting there; and whatever may be
my opinion of the views of the majority of the
people there, I will not assume to pronounce it
here. I think Missouri will speak for herself on
this subject, and very soon too.
Mr. GREEN". I understand the whole scope,
object and design of throwing out such expres-
sions. It is to cultivate a contest on a subject of
that character in the State of Missouri, and I in-
tend to meetit at the threshold. The public, com-
mon sentiment of the people of that State is for
peace, for law, for quietude, for rest, and to abide
by our institutions as they are, and not to cany
conflict and contest there by the agitation of the
question of emancipation 01 otherwise. That the
same spirit which lias fanned the ilames of dis
cord throughout, the length and breadth of this
land would seek to involve Missouri in a blaze, I
have no doubt; but I do not intend to give a pre-
text for it in the Senate, so far as my action is
concerned. I undertake to say that the sentiment
to which the Senator alludes in the State of Mis-
souri is exceedingly small. That some of itexists
there, and exists everywhere, I have no doubt.
We heard the same threats made in regard to the
State of Kentucky a few years ago; but wIiqd the
question was piesented to the people oT Kentucky,
and they were about to elect a convention to form
a new constitution, my recollection is that not a
single delegate elected to that convention was
tinctured by the emancipation sentiment. If the
samequestion were presen-ted in the same manner
to the people of Missouri to-day, the same result
would follow that did in Kentucky. There is a
great similarity between the common sentiments
of the two States; the one, in the common par-
lance of the country, is very propetly termed the
daughter of the other.
I do not desire the wish, the more expression,
of one man,seized hold of and tlnown bioad cast
over the land, with a view of prejudicing the State;
and it does piejudice llie State, first, by intimi-
dating the immigration of those who hold slaves
and desire to settle where they can have peace and
quietude; second, by the encouragement of that
class who have heretofore gotten up emigrant aid
societies, fanning the flames of discord, sending
a sword, instead of peace, into a community that
desires peace; and it is my purpose, therefore, to
disabuse the public mind. The slave population
of the State of Missouii has grown rapidly within
the last ten ycai^. In the space of ten years, from
eighty-five thousand, Us numbers have gone up
to now more than one hundred and fifteen thou-
sand; and it is retained because it is profitable.
Slave labor in the cultivation of hemp and tobacco,
will compare well with slave labor in the cultiva-
tion of rice, cotton, and sugar; and I believe, at
the ordinary ruling rates, it will pay better. As
they are in the United States, the common senti-
ment of the people of Missouii is this: leave sla-
ve! y, under the regulation of the law of production,
to go just where it is profitable to go; nottofiuce
it any where, not to prohibit it any where. But this
outside pressure, and internal assistance which the
outside pressure is designed to get up, is to bring
a second contest in the State ot Missoun, worse
than that which has hitherto prevailed m Kansas.
I will never permit the first step to be taken with-
out giving it the propel rebuke; and when the
Senator from New York desires to intimate that
there is to be this soon-coming contest in the State
of Missouri, I tell him what the result of that con-
test will be.
But enough of that subject. It does not legiti-
mately bear on the subject-matter before the Sen-
ate for its consideration, and I am sorry that it
was brought in so unnecessarily. Having been
brought in, I was compelled to notice it. I pass
from it. Oregon has a population of at least eighty
thousand. It is a distant portion of our domin-
ions. We have been acting on the principle that
they should have what we ordinarily mean by
squatter sovereignty, that is, the right to regulate
their internal affairs for themselves. Why not
make them an independent political community
at once ? If the vote is to be taken on this prop-
osition to postpone, I shall vote against it. I
know the argument is used that, if we postpone
it to the first Monday of December, it will enable
them to come up with certain facts in regard to
population. I answer that I am satisfied with the
population as it is now. I will make no invidious
distinction between Kansas and Oregon. I will
not say to the one you may come in, and to the
other you shall not; and if we postpone it, it
leaves the question still to be agitated. ' If we
vote upon it now and reject the bill, the State can
still apply for admission under the present exist-
ing constitution next December, anyhow. Why
not, therefore, take a direct express vote whether
you will admit th'e State or not?
We all remember the action of the last session
of Congress. The House of Representatives
passed a bill, saying to Oregon: " form a constitu-
tion and come and be thou with us." The Sen-
ate Committee on Territories reported m favor of
the same proposition. It would have been passed;
and the only reason why it did not pass, was not
fully stated by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] and I will supply the deficiency. Being
anxious to settle the difficulty in regard to Kan-
sas, I moved a corresponding enabling act for
Kansas as an amendment to the Oregon bill, and
that movement defeated the passage of the bill
in favor of Oregon. I took the responsibility
upon myself because my motive was a good one,
whether it eventuated in good or bad. More than
a year ago the Senate was willing to say to Ore-
gon: " you are fit to form your constitution and
be admitted." Thus you arc committed upon the
record; thus the fact and the history of the coun-
ti y stand, recorded against you. Shall we now
repulse the application of the young sister who
has come on our own invitation? 1 trust not. I
believe the good of the whole community will be
subserved by her speedy admission. I am satis-
fied of her population, herstiength, and her abil-
ity to sustain a separate State organization, and I
believe that it is good policy to extend to her that
privilege. At least let us have a direct vote and
not a side blow to throw olf the question until the
first Monday in next December. I shall there-
fore vote against the postponement.
Mr. POLK. I wish to direct the attention of
the Senate to a statement made by the Senator
from New Yotk, which was not replied to by my
colleague. I understood the Senator from New
York to state it as the sentiment of Missouri, that
Central America ought to be colonized with free
negroes
jVlr. KING. As I stated to the Senator's col-
league, i did not assuiac, andj would not do so,
not residing there, to pronounce upon the senti-
ment of Missouri as a State. 1 did not assume
to say what the sentiment was, but that these
ideas existed there and were discussed. How
strong or how weak they are, I do not know.
Mr. POLK. I understood the Senator to make
that statement. I am gk'd, if he made it, that lie
did not intend it, or that I misunderstood him. I
would say that, in my opinion, this plan or idea
of attempting to colonize negroes in Central Amer-
ica. is as novel and as strange to Missouri as to
any other Suite of the Union, and it was heard of
there, probably for the first tune, after the move-
ment that was made m the other end of the Cap-
itol by the gentleman to whom the Senator fiom
Nov/ York inferred.
I pass from that point to observe merely that,
on the question of the postponement of the entire
subject of the admission of Oregon until next. De-
cember, I am opposed to it. and in favor of the ad-
mission of Oregon, though I coincide most heartily
and cordially in the soundness and expediency of
a rule that would require a State, before bein^r ad -
mitted, to have population enough to entitle it to
a Representative in the popular bianch of Con-
gress. Ido not wish, however, in the case of Or-
egon, to make a discrimination against that peo-
ple, especially when I believe that no new State
has come forward seekingadmission,all of whose
action has been more orderly and regular and
proper than has been the action in the case of Or-
egon. I think the conduct of the population of
Oregon stands not merely in comparison, hot in
favorable contrast, with what has been the history
of some other States which have sought admis-
sion into the Union. I believe that population is
settled, industrious, and well to do in all respects.
I believe, furthermore, that situated as that pop-
ulation is on our extreme western limits on the
Pacific seaboard, it is altogether proper thai they
should be admitted into the Union as a State, and
that they should be tied to us by the still stronger
cords that would exist if Oregon were made an
equal sister of the Confederacy
Therefore, sir, while 1 shall vote for the admis-
sion of Oregon at any tune, probably at the earli-
est time when that question can be raised, and
shall not vote for the postponement of this ques-
tion until December, I wish it understood that
when I do so I fully subscribe to the propiiety
of a rule which will hereafter require that a new
State, seeking admission into the Union, shall
have population sufficient to entitle her to one
Representative in the popular branch of Congress.
I will also say that I am rather of the opinion,
from what has been seated here as being the fact
in regard to Oregon, that the population in Ore-
gon is about adequate at the present time.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, a portion of
the Senate is opposed to the admission of States
winch tolerate slavery. That portion of the Sen-
ate is gratified by the bill which is before us now
for the admission of Oregon; for it is founded on
a constitution which excludes slavery in the State
of Oregon. I believe all the other members of the
Senate have avowed the principle that slavery or
freedom in a State is to them immaterial, they pro-
ceeding upon the prmcmle of the riffht of a State
to choose whether it will exclude slavery or not.
Under these circumstances, I had hoped that we
had reached a proposition for the admission of a
State into the Union in which the slavery question
would not be discussed Tiere. I see no necessity
for going into that discussion now. It is not at
all necessary to be taken into consideration in the
vote which I am to give on this question.
Sir, I know how important it is, where it is prac-
ticable in the affairs of government, as well as in
other concerns of human life, to ad opt general rules
and to have systematized modes and methods for
the transaction of affairs. The Constitution of the
United States does, in a great many cases, a^opt
that principle of generalization; that is, of fixing
ceitam rules and measurements, all of which must
be conformed to before a great public transaction
can be achieved. But it has always struck me that
it was a signal mark of wisdom in the framers of
the Constitution that, in ie<rard to the admission of
new States into the Union, new membeis of the
Confederacy, the Constitution avoided altogether
everything like form, everything like measure-
ment, everything like particularity, and submitted
the transaction always to the u ucircumscnbed dis-
ciction of the Congress of the United States. Con-
gress may admit new States; and insomuch as they
may admit, they may reject new States. They
may admit new States anywhere; they may reject
them everywhere. They may admit them with one
hundred thousand people; they may reject them
with a million of people. Congress may admit a
new State which has been organized after a com-
pliance on the part of its people with certain pre-
setted forms set for them by the Congress of the
United States, or on the compliance with certain
customs which other Territories seeking admis-
sion into the Union may have adopted. So, on the
other hand, Congress may admit a new State, as
it has, on more than one occasion, admitted a new
State which had complied with no forms, which
had pioceeded at once to the matter of organising
itself without any preliminary application to Con-
gress, or any preliminary investigation of it by
the people themselves.
It is precisely b.-couse I think it is important
that this should be kept up, that the question
should always come before Congress in the case
of every new State disembarrassed by forms, dis-
embarrassed by measurements, disembarrassed by
precedents, that I rise to protest against rnv vote
here in favor of the admission of the State oi Ore-
gon, under the circumstances in which she comes
here, beinggiven upon the condition, or the pledge,
