146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 19,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
find no better reason why a large body of men,
a It'll o ugh a majority, should be the supreme and
Anal arbiter of its cause. On the contrary, they
knew thata large body of men is more liable to be
controlled by passion or by interest than a single
individual, and is more apt to sacrifice the rights
of the minority, because it can be done with more
impunity. Hence they endeavored to impose re-
straints upon themselves. Hence they committed
the making of all their laws, organic or muni-
cipal, to their delegates or representatives; whose
crimes they could punish, whose errors they could
correct, and whose powers they could reclaim.
The great security of our rights of life, liberty,
and property, in the responsibility of those who
make, and of those who execute the law. Estab-
lish as a principle that to give sanction to law it
must be approved by the majority at the ballot-
box, and you take away this security and surren-
der those rights to the most capricious, rapacious,
and cruel of tyrants. I regret to see the growing
spirit in Congress, and throughout the country,
to democratize our Government, to submit every
question, whether pertaining to organic or muni-
cipal laws, to the vote of the people. This is sheer
radicalism. It is the Rod Republicanism of rev-
olutionary France, which appealed to the sections
on all occasions, and not the American Republic-
anism of our fathers. Their Republicanism was
stable and conservative; this is mutable and rev-
olutionary. Theirs afforded a shield for the mi-
nority; this gives a sword to the majority. Theirs
defended the rights of the weak; this surrenders
them to the power of the strong. God forbid that
the demagogism of this day should prevail over
the philanthropic and philosophic statesmanship
of our fathers. *
But we are told that the will of the majority has
not been expressed in this constitution; that it
has been achieved by force or fraud. Three times
have the voters of Kansas been authorized and
enabled to vote upon Hum question of a constitu-
tion : first, whether a c.mivon tion to frame it should
bo called; next, in electing delegates to the con-
vention; and lastly, whether the slavery clause
should be retained or rejected. Previously to the
last vote, two elections Cora Legislature, and three
for Delegate to Congress, had been held; and in
all those elections, except the last for Delegate,
the Free-Soilers were beaten, and in that suc-
ceeded by only a small majority, and then because
of the division of the Democratic party. And
yet, notwithstanding oft-repeated defeats, they
have ever claimed a larger number of voters than
the majority cast at each of those elections—for-
sooth, have claimed two to one, ten to one, and
even twenty to one, of the pro-slavery party. Ad-
mit the assertion, and it follows that this large
majority have eitherfrom wantofeourage,energy,
and resolution, feared and failed, or from want
of patriotism and self-love and concern for then-
welfare, neglected and refused to assert and ex-
ercise their right, and power to control elections
and possess themselves of the Legislatures and of
the convention, and thus form the municipal laws
of the Territory, and the organic law of the State,
to suit themselves. They either dared not, or
eared not, to make the laws and mold the do-
mestic institutions of Kansas. They were either
submissionists from cowardice, yielding to the
domination of a feeble minority, or anarchists
from choice, unwilling to govern or be governed
according to the forms of law and theory of Amer-
ican governments. Jn either case, they are un-
worthy of our sympathy or countenance, because
unfit to frame or execute laws for a State orTer-
litory. Such men should be governed. They ;ue
deficient in the moral qualifications for forming
nr ad ministering free governments. I do not share
in the charitable commiseration for that large and
oppressed majority, or m the generous indigna-
tion towards that small and tyrannous minority,
ihat has been so feelingly expressed on this floor.
[ feel rather disgustand contempt for thyt major-
ity, and respect and regard for that minority.
These are true popular sovereigns—those, servile
submissionists or rebellious anarchists.
But, sir, knowing as I do that northern men
are not deficient in wit to discern, or tact to man-
age, or courage to maintain their rights, I have
never believed that the Free-Soilers in Kansas, if
it) A majority, have ever been cheated out of their
rights or had them ravished by force. Often as I
have heard that chaste and striking expression—
a constitution crammed down the throats of the
majority of the people against their will and in
violation of popular sovereignty—it has failed to
produce in me any qualms of conscience as an ac-
cessory after the fact in voting to admit Kansas,
although I confess to some revulsion of stomach
in contemplating that prodigious and marvelous
operation. I have wondered less at the miracle
than at those who repeated it. That sage and
sober Senators should credit, or seem to credit, or
expect intelligent people to credit, this exceeding
miracle, is matter of "special wonder." If it
had happened but once, I would have believed it;
but I cannot believe that so large a majority has
been overcome by fraud or by force six or mare
times in succession; it is contrary to my reason
and to my knowledge of the character of Ameri-
can freemen. But, if true, they are unworthy of
their rights, because unfit to exercise them.
These are plausible arguments, but cannot bo
controlling objections to the admission of Kansas
into, the Union. There is no constitutional, or
legal, or moral obstacle to her admission, unless
it be that the right of property in slaves is recog-
nized and guarantied by her constitution. The
Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] told us
truly and frankly, that the question presented to
us is, " whether there shall bo slavery or no sla-
very in the Territories." The shibboleth of the
party, of which he is the acknowledged leader,
was, during the last canvass for the Presidency,
and still is, " no more slave Slates." Many of the
most prominent of that party deny that property
in slaves is protected or even recognized by the
Federal Constitution. Such was the explicit de-
nial of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessen-
nr.N.] All of them deny that it has any sanction
in Divine or moral law, or common law, and de-
nounce it. as hostile to our republican institutions.
The platform adopted by the northern Repub-
licans at Philadelphia, in June, 18.56, alleges all
these objections to the institution of slavery, and
commits them against the admission of any slave-
holding State. If all the voters in Kansas de-
sired admission into the Union under the Le-
compton constitution, no northern Republican
could vote to admit her without violating the prin-
ciples of that platform; and some have conceded
that the recognition of slavery by that constitu-
tion was to them an insuperable objection to her
admission. There are Senators, I believe,'who
are not actuated, in opposing her admission, by
the principles or sentiments of that party, but
they are exceptions to the general rule of oppo-
sition.
If, as alleged by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. SEwa.nn,] the principles and sentiments of
his party predominate in the northern States; if
the toleration of the expansion of slavery has
been death to all parties there but the Democratic,
and is fast hurrying that on to the same fate; if
the North demands the ultimate emancipation of
all men, and leaves the South only the election
"whether it shall be effected with needful and wise
precaution against sudden change, or hurried on
by violence;" then it behooves the South todelib-
erate and determine whether she will yield her-
self to these northern ministers of her fate, or
assert her right to shape her own destiny. Within
the Union she cannot control her destiny against
the preponderating majority of the North, when
imbued and influenced by the principles and sen-
timents proclaimed by the northern Republicans.
When they get the control of the Federal Gov-
ernment, (which they vauntingly predict,) the
southern States must elect between independence
out of the Union or subordination within it. The
principles of that party are not only hostile to the
constitutional rights of those States, but to then-
political integrity and social organization. They
are not only unconstitutional and sectional, but
radical and revolutionary. Alabama, in com-
mon with the southern States, has icpeatedly de-
clared that she will not submit to the measures of
that party, and especially to the refusal to admit
a slaveholdiisg State into the Union; and if she be
true to herself, she will resent and resist those
measures, or either of them, even to disunion.
Property is the foundation of every social fab-
ric. To preserve, protect, and perpetuate rights
of property, society is formed, and government is
framed. No government was ever formed to de-
stroy the property of its citizens; although some
have been perverted to that end by usurpation.
No government ever existed, the design of whose
framers was to enable some of them to seize and
appropriate, or abolish, the property of others;
although, by the tyranny of force or fraud, such
results have ensued. On the contrary, the pri-
mary, fundamental, and inseparable idea of every
social or political organization is, to guard and
secure to every member thereof in the freedom,
use, and enjoyment of his property. These are
self-evident truths which every tyro in political
law understands, and no intelligent man will deny.
A necessary corollary of these principles is, that
Government is bound to take care that foreign
Governments do not rob its citizens, and that its
citizens do not rob each other; and much more
is Government itself bound not to rob its own cit-
izens. These are absolute duties of Government,
independent of any injunctions of the organic law.
To fulfill these duties, powers are conferred.
But our forefathers were not content to rest
their rights to freedom of property upon these ne-
cessary implications. They knew that life, lib-
erty, and property are so intimately blended in
the social state, that they must coexist in order
to preserve the full enjoyment of either, and that
sovereignty over one could not be surrendered
without imperiling the safety ofthe others. They
had learned from experience, as well as history,
the overwhelming and endless evils that flowed
from the sovereignty of Government over prop-
erty, either public or private. They had read
that, at one period of English history, kings and
barons bestowed and resumed lands at pleasure;
and at another, that Parliament enriched the few
at the expense of the many, by means of boun-
ties, pensions, tithes, monopolies, and exclusive
privileges. Hence, in their petition to the Crown
for redress of grievances, the.y declared that they
regarded " the giving of their property by their
own consent alone, as the inalienable right of the
subject, and the last sacred bulwark of constitu-
tional libertythat "to deprive them of this right,
would be to reduce them to a state of vassalage,
which no free people can long endure;" and that
"they would be utterly unworthy of their English
ancestry, which is their claim and pride, wore
they tamely to submit." In contending, how-
ever, that their property could not be taken with-
out their consent, they admitted, whilst colonies
of England, that it might be taken and expended
by their representatives, without restraint, in ac-
cordance with the English theory of the sover-
eignty ofParliament. But, when they established
their independence, they renounced this dogma,
and formed their Constitution upon the theory that
sovereignty resides in the people, and that gov-
ernments are their trustees. They knew that even
election and representation, when coupled with a
sovereign rightover property, afford no refuge of
protection to popular rights; and they endeavored
to prescribe the duties, limit the powers, and con-
trol the action of their representatives, both in re-
spect to persons and property, by a written Con-
stitution. The word sovereign is not found in
that instrument, or the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and does not belong to our governmental
dialect. It would have been inappropriate, be-
cause inconsistent with their intention, to form a
Government of limited and specific powers, to be
held in trust for their benefit. The form, tenor,
and spirit of the Constitution, all show a purpose
to withhold from Government sovereign power
over property, either public or private, and to
retain for the people freedom of property, as
well as of conscience, and of all other personal
rights.
They instituted separate departments of Gov-
ernment, defining the rights and duties and assign-
ing the patronage of each, and divided the powers
transferred among tliem, that they might serve as
mutual checks and balances.
They gave exclusive power to originate revenue
bills to their Representatives, because they were
the servants over whom they could exercise most
immediate control.
. They required that all duties, imposts, and ex-
cises, should be uniform throughout the United
States; that 110 capitation or other direct tax should
