THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 19, 1858.
New Series....No. I39?
or the assurance, that under other circumstances
and at another time and m regard to other States,
I shall vote because of an analogy established be-
tween that State and the present one. I can con-
ceive, as I said on this same question a few days
ago, of a State with a million of people that I
would not consent to admit into the Union; and I
can conceive of a State which I would admit with
a population of forty thousand, or fifty thousand,
or sixty thousand.
In coming to this conclusion, I am determined
by the fact, that, geographically arid politically,
the region of country which is occupied by the
present Territory of Oregon is indispensable to
the completion and rounding off of this Repub-
lic. ETvery man sees it, and every man knows it.-
There is some day to be a State of Oregon. There
is no member of the Senate or of the House of'
Representatives, and, probably, no man in the j
United States who would be willing to see it ;
lopped off, fall into the Pacific or into the posses- j
sion of Russia or under the control of any other i
Power; but every man, woman, and child, knows '
that it is just as essential to the completion of this !
Republic as is the State of New York, or as is the 1
State of Louisiana, on the Mississippi. It cost us
too much to get it; we have struggled and fought1
too hard for it, we have nursed and cherished it;
too long, not to know and feel that it is an essen- .
tial part of the Confederacy. I
Well, then, she is to be admitted at some tune, j
and, inasmuch as she is to be admitted at all ;
events, and is to be admitted at some time, it is j
only a question of time whether you will admit j
her to-day, or admit her six months hence, or ad- j
mit her a year or seven years hence. What ob- ;
jection is there to her beingadmitted now? You
say she lias not one hundred thousand people. I
What of that' She will have one hundred thou- j
sand people in a very short time. This motion to
postpone until the first Monday in December next,
if it presents sincerely the views which it ex- i
presses, admits that on the first Monday in De-
cember she will have population enough, or that !
at least it can then be ascertained. Now, what |
earthly difference can it make to this Republic col- ,
lectively, to these States collectively, or to any j
one State in the Union, whether Oregon is admit- !
ted now or admitted next December, except the !
inconvenience of postponing- and delaying that ■
question and embarrassing it by the occurrence i
of new and disturbing circumstances r The State j
of Oregon is, of her own free consent, here, ready ;
to be admitted. She is-here with a constitution |
complete and a State government organized and j
ready to go into operation. That state of things j
may continue until next December, or some cir- |
cumstance may intervene to embarrass and dis-!
turb it. Next December will be the beginning of j
a short session of Congress, and debates upon j
this or other subjects may prevent the admission ;
of Oregon for another year. Then,in that case, !
will be the embarrassing question, whether tins ;
constitution remains *, whether the convention
which organized it expressed the will of the peo- j
pie of Oregon, or whether a new proceeding must :
be instituted for that purpose; and, when it is all :
done, I think there is nobody who doubts that the j
people of Oregon are, to-day, ready, desirous, will- 1
ing, to come in. They have made a constitution
which is acceptable to themselves; and a consti-
tution which, however it may be criticised here,
after ail complies substantially with every require-
ment which the Congress of the United States, or
any considerable poition of either House of Con-
gress, lias ever insisted oil in regard to any State.
It seems to me, therefore, to be trifling with the
State of Oregon, trifling with the people of that
community, and to be unnecessary and calculated
to produce an unfavorable impression on the pub-
lic mind in regard to the consistency of the pol-
icy which we pursue in admitting States into the
Union to delav or deny this application. For one,
sir, I think that the sooner a Territory emerges
from its provincial condition the better; the sooner
the people are left to manage theii own affairs,
and are admitted to participation in the responsi-
139
bilitios of this Government, the stronger and the
more vigorous the States which those people form
will be. I trust, therefore, that the question will
be taken, and that the State maybe admitted with-
out further delay.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
on the postponement of the bill to the first Mon-
day in December next, resulted—yeas 16, nays
38; as" follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Chandler,Clay,Crittenden, Durkee,
Fessendm, Fitzpatuek, Halo, Hamlin, Hammond, Hunter,
Iverson, Kennedy, Mason, Tiumbull, and Wade—16.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Bayard, Bigler, Bright, Broderiek,
Brown, Cameron, Clmsman, Col lamer, Davis, Dixon, Doo
little, Dougia?, Foot,Fostei.Green, Gwin, Harlan, Hender-
son, Houston, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Jone?, King. Mallorv, Polk, Pus*h, Sebastian, Seward,
Shields, Simmons, Seidell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, Wilson. Wnght, and Yulee—38.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark,] in the second line of the pre-
amble, after the word " republican," to insert" in
form."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred m. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the final passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 35, nays 17; as follows:
Y IS AS—Messrs. Allen, Bajard, Benjamin, Bisler, Blight,.
Brodenek, Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Chnsman, Colla-
rnci, Divon, Doolmle, Douglas, Foot. Foster, Gieen, Gwin,
Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Jones, Kin<j, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Reward,
Shieldb, Simmons, Shdell, Stuait, Toombs, Wnght, and
Yul^e—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Clay, Crittenden, Davis, Durkce,
Fesseiiden, Fitzpatuck, Hah;, Hamlin, Hammond, Hender-
son, Hunter, Iverson, Kcnnedv, Mason, Tiumbull, and
Wade—17.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills, which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice President:
An act for the prevention and punishment of
frauds in land titles in California;
An act for the collection and safe-keeping of
public archives in the State of California; and
An act to amend an act entitled " An act to
authorize the President of the United States to
cause to be surveyed the tract of land in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, belonging to the half-breeds
or mixed bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux nation
of Indians, and for other purposes," approved
17th July, 1854. _ [
COMMODORE PAULDING. I
ThaVICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of ;
the Chair, the Senate recurs to the regular older j
of business, which is the first special order. i
Mr. HUNTER. What is that? !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
; tion (S. No. 7) for the presentation of a medal to
, Commodore Hiram Paulding.
i Mr. HALE. Cannot something be done to pre-
; vent that coming up evefy day ?
j Mr. FiTZPATRICK. I move to postpone
! that joint resolution indefinitely.
| Mr. DOUGLAS. One act of kindness is al-
, ways theprelude to another. The Senate liaVe in-
• dulged me m the passage of the Oregon bill. Now
| I have in charge a little bill Tor running the bound-
' ary of Texas, that everybody is for, and there is
i no objection to it. It will take but a very few
! minutes, and I trust there will be unanimous con-
1 s#ht to take it up and pass it.
| The VICEPRESIDENT. Is there unanimous,
| consent to take up the bill alluded to by the Sen-
; ator from Illinois?
j Mr. GPvEEN. I object to that. I desire to sub-
i mit a motion that the Senate proceed to the con-
: sideration of executive business.
| Mr. FITZPATRICK. I believe my motion to
] postpone indefinitely the joint resolution in ref- j
erence to Commodore Paulding, is a privileged
question, and has precedence. That resolution i#
an old customer, and we had better get rid of it.
Mr. SEIDELL. I will simply state that I
understood it was agreed, by universal consent,
that this joint resolution, which was introduced
by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doglit-
tle,] should be discussed at the same time with,
the report of the Committee on Foreign Relations
upon the neutrality laws.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. If that is the under-
standing, I shall withdraw my motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think it would be better to
make an express order that itshall be considered
with that report; so as not to have it called up
every day. 1 make the motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I had supposed that by an
order of the Senate the joint resolution was fixed-
as a special order for consideration at the same
time with the report of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and a resolution that was offered, or of
which notice was given, by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Foot.]
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the consideration
of this resolution be fixed for the same day and
hour with the report of the Committee on Foreign
Relations upon the same subject, and remain so
attached to it as to come up at the same time.
The motion was agreed to.
TEXAS BOUNDARY. 4 y
Mr. DOUGLAS. The objection to taking up \J
the Texas boundary bill is now waived. **
Mr. GREEN. 1 withdraw the objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
152) to authorize the President of the United
States, rn conjunction with the State of Texas, to
run and mark the boundary lines between the
Territories of the United States and the State of
Texas, the pending question being on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Territories, to
insert, at the end of the bill, the following proviso:
Provided, That the person oi persons appointed and em-
ployed on the part and behalf of Texas arc to be paid by the
naul State: Provided further. That no persons shall be ap-
pointed or employed in this service by the United States,
but such ad arc required to make the necessary observa-
tions and suiveys, to ascertain such line and erect suitable
monuniems thereon, and make return of the .same.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have an expla-
nation of the object of the amendment?
MrT COLLAM ER. The amendment consists
of two piovisos: the State of Texas has appointed
surveyors and commissioners to represent her in
running this line, and has made an appropriation
for their payment, and the first proviso is merely
to provide that the money appropriated in this bill
shall not be used to pay those persons employed
on behalf of Texas. The other proviso is that
no persons shall be employed m this service but
those necessary to make the observations and sur-
veys, erect the monuments, and make the pioper
returns. The committee were impressed with the
fact that for a long time past we had not sent out
any expedition to make an exploration, run a line, *
or anything of that kind, without having a body
of naturalists, a body of astronomers, a corps of -
icthyologists, a corps of botanists, and a corps of
geologists; and out of that grew a large number
of learned reports, making voluminous books,
printed and sent abroad with very beautiful pic-
tures and all that. For the purpose of preventing
anything of that kind in relation to this boundary,
we propose to confine the persons employed to
those only who are necessary to make the obser-
vations, erect the monuments, and make the proper
returns.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to make * verbal
amendment to this amendment, at the, suggestion
of one of the Senators from Texas; to insert in the
amendment, after the words "no persons," the
words ''except superintendent or commissioner."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That alteration will
be made by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. The provisoes seemed to me ob-;
jcctionable. I therefore asked an explanation; and
not being (satisfied with it, will proceed to state my
objections. It will be recollected that when Texas
