1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
F
!l
and the Senate is kept in session on Saturday, and
through the night, if necessary, in order to pass
it. If this can be passed now, in such hot haste,
an additional one can be passed three months from
now, if necessary. But, sir, I am utterly aston-
ished that-a call for |20,000,000 should emanate
from an Administration professing economy, dep-
vecatinga surplus in the Treasury, and especially
when the Secretary tells us that this surplus leads
to unnecessary expenditures. He says he will
not use it unless it be necessary; but it will be
ready to be used. The necessity, I fear, will arise
if the money be raised.
I prefer, in the first place, that we should borrow
the money, rather than issue a paper circulation;
and, in the next place, I want to see the amount
reduced. I am not willing to vote for more than the
one fourth part of $20,000,000, and the Secretary
has notasked us todo so, except in general terms.
He thinks it advisable to issue $20,000,000; but
he says he will use no more of that amount than
is necessary. I prefer not to issue it, and then
he will certainly not use it. I believe the policy
of the Government, for the last few years, has
been such as, if continued, will soon concentrate
all power in the hands of the Federal Government.
Its officers have been multiplied; its patronage
has been greatly enlarged; its expenditures have
been increased; and I think it high time that we
should stop in this career of consolidating power
in the hands of the Executive, and of the Federal
Government. I know no better place to begin
thaif here; and if I am in order—I do not know
what the precise condition of the motion now
ending is—I move to strike out " twenty mil-
ions," and insert " five millions."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amend ment pending which has not been disposed
of, and no other is now in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At the proper time I shall
move the amendment which I have indicated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment pending is that offered by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] to insert at the end of
the tenth section:
And provided further, That the power to issue and reissue
Treasury notes conferred on the President of the United
States by this act, shall cease and determine on the 1st day
©f Januaiy, 1859.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought that amendment
was accepted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It must be
voted on by the Senate, however.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order now to offer
my amendment?
Mr. SEWARD. There was an amendment
offered by me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York has offered an amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There cannot be two
amendments offered at the same time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New York is in section
one, line six, to strike out "§20,000,000" and in-
sert « $10,000,000."
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that, in making
grants of money, the largest sum is first in order;
but in raising money the smallest sum is first in
order. I think the motion of the Senator from
Illinois is first in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That rule ap-
plies only to filling blanks, and does not apply to
this case. The question now is on striking out
" §20,000,000" and inseiting " §10,000,000."
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 24; as follows;
YE AS—Messrs. Sell, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Hamlin, King, PurIi, Seward, Sim-
mons, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Bayaul. Benjamin, Biggs, Bigter,
Broderick, Brown, Clay, Davis, Pitch. Fitzpatriek, Green,
Gwm, Hunter, lveison. Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Mason, l'earee, Polk, Eeid, Thomson
of New Jersey, and Wright—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I now move to strike out the
word " six" in the tenth line of the second sec-
tion, and insert " four." Thatisin regard to the
rate of interest.
Mr. HUNTER. Yesterday I too hastily, and
perhaps incautiously, assented to the proposition
that the interest should be four and a half per
cent., when that was suggested by the Senator
from New York. I have reason to believe that
we had better adhere to six per cent. I hope the
Senator will not press his amendment. If he does,
I cannot vote for it. I think six per cent, is better.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Hale, Hamlin, King,
Pugh, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—
17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Biggs,
Bigler, Broderick, Clay, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green,
Gwin, Hunter, Iverson. Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Reid, Thom-
son of New Jersey, and Wright—-24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. We have heard a great deal
said in the country against small bills. I do not
see the necessity of issuing these Treasury notes
in such small sums as fifty dollars. I think they
should not be less than one hundred dollars, at
any rate. With that view, I move to strike out
" fifty" and insert '• one hundred."
Mr. HUNTER. To provide for Treasury
notes of the denomination of fifty dollars is con-
formable to the practice of the country since 1837.
It enables the small dealer with the Government
to obtain the facilities of these Treasury notes, as
well as other people. That is all that I have to
say about it. That has been the denomination
of notes ever since 1837, in all the bills ever
passed.
Mr. PUGH. I hope this amendment will be
agreed to. I have thus far voted in favor of all
the amendments offered to this bill, though I have
been very loath to separate on the various ques-
tions from my political fiiends. It does seem to
me that this bill, as it now stands before the Sen-
ate, affords a very serious ground of indictment
against those of us who profess the principles of
the Democratic party. Here is a proposition to
issue $20,000,000 of shinplasters. It is nothing
else in the world, according to my understand-
ing of the bill. It is to issue notes of the denom-
ination of fifty dollars, to circulate by delivery.
After the first indorsement of the payee, they are
then to circulate from hand to hand by delivery,
like a bank note. They are to bear six percent,
interest; for I am satisfied, after the remark of the
Senator from Virginia to-d&y, that every dollar
of them will bear six percent, interest. He read
us from a list yesterday, showing that of the
Treasury notes issued, mure than fifty million
dollars of them bore six per cent, interest, and
only $5,000,000 five percent, and none of them, I
presume, were at any less rate, at least he read
none.
Mr. HUNTER. I stated that there were all
rates of interest, from six per cent, down to one
mill.
Mr. PUGH. I understood the Senator to stop
with stating the amount of five per cent, notes.
How many were there issued at less than five per
cent.?
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose some twenty or
thirty million dollars.
Mr. PUGH. All told?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. And $50,000,000 at six per cent.
Now, let us see what this currency is to be. In
the first place, being an obligation of the Govern-
ment, it is receivable for public dues in Washing-
ton, in New York, in New Orleans, in San Fran-
cisco, and all over the Union. It is better than a
bill of exchange to the holder; and, for the sake
of borrowing money, you propose to give six per
cent, interest, and exchange from San Francisco
and New York, or from any of the inland States
to New York.
The Senator from Rhode Island, who told us
about the money lenders yesterday, will now see
that the Government is going into the hands of a
species of usurers such as we have never seen
before. We have had a little experience in the
State which I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent. At the instance of the merchants, the Legis-
lature of Ohio passed a bill, five or six years ago,
and I was the author of it—1 take the shame on
myself to say so—to authorize parties to stipu-
late for any rate of interest not exceeding ten per
cent.; and forthwith three fourths of the people
seemed to think it was illegal to take less than
ten per cent. Leave the limit of six per cent, in
this bill, and you will pay six per cent, on these
notes; because the man who finds that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is authorized to give six per
cent, will stick, in the bargain with him, until he
gets it; and this will be the dearest loan this
Government has ever made. You give a piece
of paper, as I say, which is better than any bill
of exchange, and you pay interest on it besides.
I do not see how it is to relieve the Govern-
ment. I am frank on that point. If the note is
to be paid out here by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and to be taken back at the custom-house at
New York, I do nofcsee how the Government is
relieved, if that is the whole effect. If it is to
become a circulating medium, it is worse than any
bank note—which the President has denounced
in his message—for there is no provision for its
redemption. And yet, sir, what is the issue which
is thrust on the Senate ? At the last session we
were called upon, in a great hurry, to reduce the
tariff. I was in favor of a reduction of the tariff,
and I believe nearly every Senator was in favor
of it. A bill was produced here that had been
put through the House of Representatives under
the operation of" the previous question." When
my friend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] ad-
dressed the Senate at some length, I made a mo-
tion to adjourn; it was voted down, and we were
pressed into a night session, and toward daylight
we passed a tariff bill. What was the argument
for that haste ? That if we did not reduce the tariff
in double quick time, there would be a surpus of
$60,000,000 of coin in the sub-Treasury, and it
would break everybody! We have passed a tariff
bill; but we have not only broken everybody, but
we have no money in the Treasury. Is this the
way the financial affairs of this Government are
to be conducted ? You begin at one session to
press through a bill to drive money out of the
Treasury, and then come here and press us into
the night hours to get another bill to put money
into the Treasury. I think it is a serious im-
peachment on the financial abilities of the Dem-
ocratic party; and, without meaning to be unkind
to individuals, I am a little ashamed of it.
I do not see any proposition to reduce the ex-
penses of the Government. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] has very truly said that
we are an extravagant Congress and an extrava-
gant people; and he might have taken a great deal
of it to himself, for I do not recollect that he ever
voted against any proposition to expend money,
not even submarine telegraph. Every one of us
has voted for improper appropriations. We shall
be. asked at this session to give a million of money
for the Washington aqueduct; we shall be asked
to give a million of money for the dome that is to
be put here; but instead of doing like a man who
is in trouble, calling in his debts and reducing his
expenses, we propose to make up the deficit by
an issue of paper money which we shall never
redeem, or will redeem at a higher rate of expend-
iture than we have been called upon to do.
If this bill can be so amended as to reduce it in
amount to the immediate pressing demands of the
Treasury, that are to be passed over within the
next thirty, or sixty, or even ninety days, I shall
consent to it. If it can be reduced in the amount
of this circulation so that it will do as little mis-
chief as possible, 1 consent. If the rate of interest
is struck out or reduced lower, I consent. Or even,
these amendments having all failed, if the gentle-
man from Virginia will put in bis bill an amend-
ment that these notes shall circulate only by
special indorsement, I shall vote for it; but if the
payee is to indorse them in blank, and then let
them pass by delivery, they are nothing but bank
notes, and they are not bank notes with any three
dollars in coin for one of paper to redeem them.
There is no fund to redeem them. Thus we are
precipitating the Government of the United States,
m a time of peace, without any excuse for it, into
a system of continental paper money. I can make
nothing else out of it.
If the Senator from Virginia can remove these
objections, I assure him it will give me the utmost
pleasure to vote with Inm.as I have nearly always
done on financial questions, and with my fellow-
SenatorsoftheDemocraticparty. My apprehen-
sion is, that this measure is a fatal departure from
the whole policy of the party.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to correct the Sen-
ator from Ohio. I admit that I have voted, though
