2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
was annexed to this Union as an independent
£owfcr of the earth, she surrendered to the Gov-
ernment of the United States the right to estab-
lish her boundary. The Government of the Uni-
ted States has so established that boundary as to
strip from Texas an immense domain. In 1850,
under influences to which I shall not now refer,
$10,000,000 were paid to Texas to allow her ter-
ritory to be carved down to its present limits, as
defined in this bill; and it was hardly to be sup-
posed that thus shorn of her fair proportion, she
was at some subsequent day to be called upon for
the benefit of the United States to define theline.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me a moment? Texas has appointed her
own surveyors and commissioners, and asks us
to run the line; and this provision is, that all the
expenses, except for the surveyors and others
whom she appoints to represent her, shall be paid
by the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. If that was the only object, the
language does not express it, but treats it as if
Texas were to send a corps into the field to es-
tablish the line and act equally with the United
States. If the commissioner be the only person
required to represent Texas, I think it would have
been better expressed by the word " commis-
sioner," instead of "person or persons."
That, however, is minor to the objection I have
to the second proviso. The great expense of run-
ning this line consists in the outfit. You must
send trains of supplies, wagons to haul your mon-
uments, and this at a great distance, and over a
country entirely destitute of supplies, which con-
stitute the bulk of the expense. To add, then, to
this corps of astronomers making observations to
/determine the latitude and longitude, and laborers
to set up the monuments, a few men who can ex-
amine the character of the country, and bring back
specimens, would but little increase the expense,
unless Congress afterwards, in its desire to dis-
tribute books, should make a large expenditure of
money for the preparation and publication of
books written by learned men, to whom'should
be submitted the observations and specimens
which might be brought in.
But that is not the point to which I expected to
get an answer. How is this line to be made per-
manent? By setting up monuments of stone, of
wood, or of iron? No. You have the line now
traced in the stars. You propose to project it
upon the face of the earth. I ask how is it to be
made permanent? It is only to be made perma-
nent by sending the necessary topographers with
your party to sketch the ground on each side of it.
That indication of the time stands forever. The
monuments may be removed by any one who is
willful «r mischievous. The topographical sketch
of each side of the line is the only way it can be
defined on the face of the earth, and made to stand
for future uses. These topographical sketches, en-
graved and published with the report, would give
it to the world. This is necessary to make the line
permanent, and thus you are secure against the
contingency of the destruction of the original map.
1 go further, and say that, having incurred the
great expenditures of the expedition in its outfit,
I would send along with it men who could take
the very observations to which the-Senator from
.Vermont alluded; observations of the soil, of geo-
logical structure, of entomology, of the botany and
natural history of the country; and men who could
* engage in that much-decried occupation, some-
times called here looking after bugs; and in this
region the inquiry would be of special value.
From the time of the Israelitish exodus, it is a part
of human history that all arid regions are subject
to have their crops entirely destroyed at times by
insects. It has been the case in the valley of Utah.
Insects are now ravaging the fields of Texas. This
Is such a country; and an examination into the en-
tomological character of this region is necessary
to the people to warn them of what they have to
meet if they migrate to that section. It is inform-
ation such as the great landholder should give to
those whom he invites to purchase. The pub-
lication of so many copies as would be useful for
naturalists and learned societies, would be but a
small expense; but if you should never publish it
atall,theinformation beingdepositedin one of the
Executive Departments, would exist as a source
from which authors might derive knowledge,
which, distributed through the channels of pub-
lication on private account", would be a useful con-
tribution to mankind: and the Government then
has incurred only the expense of adding a few
individuals to the party.
Mr. HENDERSON. My objection to the
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi is,
that it will cause delay. It is of importance that
this commission, on the part of the United States,
should be appointed at once. Texas has for sev-
eral years had statutes authorizing the Governor
of that State to appoint a commissioner, to meet
one on the part of the United States, to run this
line. The season of the year for such work is at
hand. The parties should be starting out now,
for they have to go through a country which is
entirely uninhabited, and they must depend, upon
the grass for the subsistence of their animals, and
unless they start very soon this season will be
entirely lost. Moreover, I am informed that
lands are being surveyed about where this line is
to run, and unless it be established very soon,
confusion will be created by extending the sur-
veys in Texas beyond the real boundary line; the
system there being for each settler to select his
own location and run out his line. I am told that
difficulties even now exist there, because this line
has not been established. It is important that the
bill should be acted on at once, and I do not think
the object which would be accomplished by carry-
ing out the views of the Senator from Mississippi
is of such consequence as to justify fts in occa-
sioning the delay which it seems to me will be
caused, if an attempt be made to amend the bill by
adding a provision for the number of scientific per-
sons whom he indicates as proper to accompany
this commission. I therefore hope he will not in-
sist on his proposition, but will allow the bill to
pass as it is. I should have no objection to his pro-
position if I did not suppose it would cause delay.
Mr. DAVIS. That portion of the work which
consists in running theline of a parallel of latitude,
involves a difficulty which allows but very slow
progress. It is easy to mark a parallel of latitude
on the map, but it is very hard to trace it on the
face of the eauth: it is impossible to run in the
plane of a small circle of the globe, and the series
of triangles which are constructed in fixing the
points of a parallel of latitude involves so much
of labor and delay, that necessarily the progress
is slow. The topographers would sketch the land
on each side much faster than you would advance
in determining the line. At points where a change
of direction occurs, and at all others where it is
nccessary to determine the longitude with exact-
ness, a series of observations must be made, in-
volving a detention which would give the topog-
raphcrsample time (if they had chanced to fall be-
hind) to bring up their sketches of so much of the
ground upon each side of the line as would be ne-
cessary to Us accurate desciiption. Should its exact
location at any time become a question, it would
be easily found, without furthcrastronomical ob-
servations,and though there should notremain one
ofthe artificial monuments which had been erected.
Mr. HENDERSON. Allow me to say that I
had no reference to a delay in the execution of the
duties of the survey, but to the delay that would
be caused m the passage of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no further remarks to
make, and no wish in any manner to delay the
passage of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had thought that on the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator from
Illinois being presented, the bill would pass with-
out difficulty. I called on the gentlemen of the
Territorial Commi-ttee, $nd I understood there
would be no obstruction in the way of the passage
of the bill. I think, if the amendment of that
committee be adopted, the measure will be com-
plete, and nothing further would seem to be nc-
cessary. I conferred with my colleagues in the
House of Representatives, where this bill origin-
ated; my senatorial colleague was absent when
I last had an interview with them; but I could
have no doubt that, in their opinion, this was the
best plan that could be suggested, and only res-
quired the additional nomination of a commis-
sioner to supervise the whole campaign.
I can see no necessity for any further provision:
that would only accumulate expense without any
correspondent advantage. The exact place where
the line runs will be ascertained at the different
points and angles where observations are taken,
and mounds will be erected at tftose points, and
such artificial corners as will be endurable and
will not perish. I am sure that so soon as a sur-
veyor has been on the ground, and marked the
boundary line, there will be no topographical sur-
veys required to give the settlers on either side
of the line intelligence as to their lights. I can
see no necessity for such a provision; and I most
solemnly protestagainst this aggregating of offices
in so little a matter. There are now many appli-
cants for the crumbs that are thrown out—one
hundred for every office that is to be given—an'd4
unless we have some more expeditious plan of
running our boundaries than we have had here-
tofore, we had better have none hereafter. Why,
sir, the boundary commission, under the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, exhausted hundreds and
thousands of dollars, and resulted in nothing but
an additional expense for the books and bugs of
which the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
has told us. It seems to be the supreme object
of ambition of the persons who are engaged in
such works to get their names before the public
Sir, the catching of a single bug of rare quality
immortalizes a scientific gentleman, and a lizard
is double immortality;and so too of a horned frog.
[Laughter.] These are wonderful things to ex-
pend millions upon! Scientific men, if you get
them started, must have something to do; they
cannot come back with rational observations, but
they must come back with something marvelous
and wonderful to connect with their names. Let
scientific gentlemen be satisfied with their sciences,
acting in their appropriate spheres; but I protest
most solemnly against anything that will delay
the running of this line. *
Texas has, for years past, earnestly desired its
consummation. She is aware of the difficulty,
and we arc aware of it too, m Congress, notified
in our official character that there is a conflict now
between land titles on the boundary of New Mex-
ico and Texas. We hear individuals complain-
ing of detriment in consequence of it; and these
difficulties will be multiplied by every delay. If
you wait until midsummer before you commence
this important work, we shall find that it will lin-
ger on till autumn; and then they will have to
leave there, and make a second campaign; and
instead of the reasonable amount of $80,000 pro-
vided in the bill—and $40,000 ought to accomplish
it—it will take $140,000 if it is not adopted im-
mediately, and the work set about and accom-
plished so soon as practicable If you send men
to make scientific discoveries and write books to
the number of forty or fifty, who can read those
books? A man who is industrious, or intends
to make an honest living, has no chance to do it.
You are throwing impediments in the way of in-
dustry when you are creating these books. You
create a morbid appetite in children for pretty
pictures. They will not learn their alphabets.
[Laughter.] I will have none of it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will say to the Senator that, if
he had concurred in my proposition, and had not
agreed to the amendment proposed to be made to
the House bill, he would have avoided all delay
which his own opposition is creating. He ur^os
that to reject the amendment will be to delay until
midsummer the commencement of the work, and
overlooks the fact that he 13 no w delaying the adop-
tion of this bill which the House has sent here, by
urging that the amendment which has been pro-
posed to it shall be adopted. My proposition to
strike off the amendment, is to expedite the en-
actment of a law under which this survey is to
commence. Though it might take theSenatorlong
to read the number of volumes he has described,
and longer to print them, I am sure that will not
delay or impede the prosecution of the survey in
the field. These books are not written by the per-
sons who go into the field, except, perhaps in a
single case, the one to which he referred, where a
commissioner, who went out to .run the boundary
under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, brought
back specimens and drawings made by public em-
ployes, and wrote a book himself. But the general
rule is, that the specimens are brought back and
pass into the hands of scientific persons who write
the books. The explorers are net usually persons
who do anything more than make a mere report.
So far as the Army is concerned, as some al-
lusion has been made to the length of time offi-
cers stay here to make reports, I will state they
sometimes have made a second exploration before
theorderto printhas been executed byyourPrint-
ers here, and it is the specimens they bring in
