1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
iag as it .does from the War Department. The
point is this: the President asks for additional
forces upon the ground of the Utah disturbances';
while the Secretary places the application upon
the ground of the general condition of the service.
I admit that tjie recommendations of these high
functionaries deserve our Best consideration; but
ia the last resort* it comes to us to be the judges
as to what description of forces we shallgive, and
what shall be their period of service. We raise
therri and place them under the control of the
Prtsident; and it will not do for gentlemen to in-
timate, as did the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
PiotKNER,] that they would not be used if we
tendered them. Let us tender them, as it is our
duty to do, and throw the responsibility, in case
necessity should arise for them, where it belongs.
If We' tender them, and the brave and gallant
Johnston should be overwhelmed by the forces of
the enemy, and should suffer for want of provis-
ions, the responsibility will be averted from our
heads.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire of the hon-
orable gentleman from Mississippi, as a military
man, whether he supposes that, if regular troops
could be recruited for this service, and sent to the
relief of "Colonel Johnston, they would be able to
reach him in time to afford assistance ?
Mr. FAULKNER. I wish to call the attention
of .the gentleman from Ohio to the fact that the
supporting column will leave Fort Leavenworth
in the month of May, for the support of Colonel
Johnston. It is already under marching orders.
Mr. QXHTM AN. 1 presume that every effort
will be made by the Administration to avert evil,
and to support the army now in advance. I have
no doubt it will be successful.
Mr. STANTON. Another question. That
army will inarch at all events, whether this bill
passes or not?
Mr. FAULKNER. It is already under march-
ing orders.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. FAULKNER. My object is to supply,
upon the frontier, the place of those troops re-
moved to Utah.
Mr. QUITMAN. It has been done, to a great
extent, at the expense of the defense of the fron-
tier of Texas; and perhaps the Indians seeing our
forces upon the northern frontier weakened, may
commence depredations there. Now, I propose to
furnish the Government with forces equal to those
they arc new marching away, by supplying them
with volunteers. If the bill should pass both
Houses and become a law, in less than forty days
each regiment of volunteers can be placed upon the
field of action, and immediately commence then-
guardianship of the tram, and move on in time for
the army to move. If it is necessary to retain any
of the veterans upon the frontier posts, the vol-
unteers raised by this bill will take their places
and move on to the scene of action. And I pledge
my word, from a knowledge of the facility with
which our fiontiersmon become soldiers, that in
one month they will become as well drilled atid
trained for the immediate service required, as the
new recruits which have been enlisted within the
last six months, and are now marching for Utah.
The former already have what it requires per-
haps some months to impart to those who enlist
in the regular service—a thorough knowledge of
the general use of arms—having been traim.il in
the militia, or having belonged to some volunteer
companies, or having had experience in the war
with Mexico.
I will now answer the question of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.] I believe there are
already, as well as my memory serves me, some
five regiments of volunteers offered to the Presi-
dent of the United States. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Smith] informed us this morning
that two regiments had been offered from that
State. If so, six regiments have been offered by
the different States to the President of the United
Stat. s. 1 will ask how long it would take to briiw
a i-.'^'inent from Illinois, or from Kentucky, or
fioni Missouri, during this high stage of the wa-
ters of tin' West, to Fort Leavenworth, of at any
other point, and be ready to move forwaid? Prob-
ably some time before the general movement
should be made, which cannot well be made be-
fore the grass grows upon the plains. Most of
the troops upon the northwestern frontier have
been enlisted wjthin the last year, and are there-
fore mostly frdsh, and unused"to the horse and to
fire-arms; whereas, the volunteers in general are
already accustomed to ride the horse, and to use
fire-arms of every description; and every man who
has seen anything of the service knows that he
can soon become a soldier.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman if he intends to include foreigners ? If
foreigners are allowed as volunteers, there will be
four out of five of them who would be unaccus-
tomed to riding the horse.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. Iam surprised to hear such
an expression from the gentleman from Virginia.
Such has not been the case. There are, of course,
exceptions. In general, twenty to one of our vol-
unteers have been American-born citizens. But
1 do not see the pertinency or the importance of
the question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would say to the
gentleman that the reason of making the remark,
just at this time, was that he seemed to lay a good
deal of stress, in his argument, on the skillful
horsemanship of the American volunteer, and I
thought that if foreigners were to be taken as vol-
unteers, there was nothing in that argument.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I think that the Irish boy
or the German boy who comes among our people
at a tender age is likely to follow American habits
and become a good rider.
Now, Mr. Speaker, some comparison has been
made between the two descriptions of force—vol-
unteer and regular. I know7 the force of early ideas
and of prejudices, and the imposing effects of
professional knowledge, and make allowance for
it; but still, as my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Faulkner] has indulged in some comparison of
the two descriptions of forces, I feel myself in
duty bound to reply to him. He prefers, for this
description of service, regulais to volunteers; and*
one of his principal reasons is, that the regular is
the unimpassioned instrument, subject to the com-
mands of his superiors; that he is patient and sub-
missive, without any other feeling than that of
obedience; and that he is therefore preferable to
the volunteer for this species of service for which
we wish to use him. There seems to be an idea
in the mind of Ihe gentleman that there exists in
the Ameucan breast a natural bloodthirstiness
and cruelty. Sir, such an idea is contrary to all
our experience and to all our history. By whom
have murder, rapine, and devastation, been com-
mitted, m the sacking of towns and citics, in the
history of European wars? Why, by regular
troops. "Where have there been more terrible
butcheries perpetrated than in India by the reg-
ular soldiers > I do not mean to condemn their
conduct. This retaliation may have been neces-
sary. But, sir, you could not have bought an
American volunteer to commit the cruelties that
were committed by British soldiers on the in-
habitants in India after a suirender. Our whole
history shows that. There is a marked instance
of the forbearance and humanity of American vol-
unteers which 1 cannot pass—1 mean the battle
of San Jacinto, where all the American troops
were volunteers. While their blood was boiling
with the remembrance of the massacre of their
brethren at the Alamo and on the field of Goliad,
they nevertheless took between six and seven
hundred Mexicans prisoners after the battle; and
that was an occasion when they would have been,
perhaps, justified, for the butcheries and cruelties
and violations of plighted faith on the part of their
enemies, in putting to the sword every men that
was in their power, and in giving no quarter.
And yet we find the number of prisoners taken
ill that battle greater than the force of the suc-
cessful army. Why was that? Because there
rests in the breast of our citizens—from our in-
stitutions, from ourrespect for the other sex, from
the gallantry and spirit infused by American in-
stitutions and American manneis—a humanity
which forbids them to commit outrages upon a
conquered enemy. I might multiply instances of
this kind, but I deem it unnecessary. Why, then,
should the gentleman argue that if volunteers were
used for the purpose of forcing the Mormons into
obedience to the laws of the United States, greater
cruelty would be perpetrated than by regular sol-
diers? Why should men who can be influenced
by reason, by the love of glory, by other feelings I
of humanity, be more cruel than those who, the !
gentleman says,are mere instrumentsin the hands
of higher intelligences ?
Mr. FAULKNER. I tean well imagine what
the feelings are that would lead men to volunteer
for service against a foreign enemy; but I ask the
gentleman what is there to induce volunteers to
serve on this expedition ?
Mr. QUITMAN. I will give the gentleman
the best answer I can. One inducement may be
a love of military achievements; but the principal
is the desire of the volunteer to maintain the laws
of the country. There is something in the pleas-
ure of military organization; but the principal
object is to maintain the laws. I commanded for
twelve years a company of volunteers in the city
of Natchez; and I found them at all times ready
to move, to a man, in supportof the laws. Theie
certainly was no other inducement for their action
than a desire to maintain the laws. And I will
venture to say further, that though volunteers
might be led to join the service from military ardor,
still, the moment they found an inoffensive peo-
ple, they would cease to use their arms. I would
rather rely upon these moral sentiments than
alone on the mere power of officers to control their
men, because officers cannot always have their
eyes on the men under them. I would rather rely
on the natural feeling of the soldier himself than
on his mere habits of obedience.
But, sir, there is another reason alleged why
volunteers should not be employed; and that is,
because they are not so easily controlled as are
regular troops. Now, in the Mexican war, (I do
not like to refer to my own experience, but it is
the best information I have,) I commanded at
times fifteen regiments of volunteers; and through-
out the war I was never willfully disobeyed by
officer or soldier. There was never an instance
of disobedience on the part of officers or men; and
no officer or man was ever punished for willful dis-
obedience.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is my duty to look at
some of the comparisons made by the gentleman
from Virginia, at the conclusion of his very able
speech the other day. He instituted a compari-
son between the number of regulars who wore en-
gaged in actual service in the Mexican war, and
the number of volunteers. And, taking his data,
no doubt, from the books, lie says that the aggre-
gate of regular forces engaged in that war was
twenty-six thousand nine hundred and twenty,
and of volunteer forces seventy-three thousand
five hundred and thirty-two; and that the aggre-
gate of officers and men killed and wounded was,
of the volunteers about two thousand, and of the
regulars about three thousand.
Now, Mr. Speaker, why introduce this ? The
gentleman in question has taken some interest m
the history of the Mexican war, and he must
know that more than ten thousand of these volun-
teers were included in his estimate who did not
arrive m Mexico until after all the battles had
beeji fought, and ought not, therefore, to be in-
cluded in this estimate.
He must be aware, too, that some thirty thou-
sand of them were detained upon the Rio Grande;
and that more than three fourths of these volun-
teers were never engaged in any battle at all, much
to their regret. Generally speaking, the regulars
were preferred, and thrown forward into action,
although the volunteers eagerly solicited this de-
scription of seivice. It was legaided as a favor
to be permitted to'take part m it.
1 will venture to say this, and I challenge denial
from any quarter, that there was no occasion, when
regulars and volunteers were jointly engaged, that
the volunteers did not lose more men in proportion
to the force engaged than the regulars did. There
are some cases also put by my friend from Vir-
ginia, which may deceive the reader. I read from
his speech:
" In the battles of ('outreras and Chumbu^co. fought lt!th
and 20th ot August, lfc47, ttieie ucro, volunteers killed and
wounded, two lumdiod and tbnty-iiuie ; regulars, ^evca
bunded and fifty-nine."
Docs not my friend know that there were some
twelve regiments of regulars engaged in these ac-
tions at Confreres and Churubuseo, and but two
regiments of volunteers under Geneial Shields,
and that those two regiments lost two hundred
and thirty-nine men ? while the whole of the
twelve regiments of regulars lest only seven hun-
dred and rifty-mne? Showing that the two regi-
