100
TJiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with great reluctance, for many appropriations
when our Treasury was full, which I would not
have voted for but for the very reason that we had
an overflowing Treasury, and I thought it import-
ant to deplete the Treasury; but the submarine tele-
graph bill was one that I did not vote for.
% Mr. PUGH. I beg the Senator's pardon. I
thought he did vote for it.
Mr. HUNTER. I will simply state that there
have been Treasury note bills of October 12,1837;
of March 31, 1840; of February, 1841; of Janu-
ary, 1842; of August, 1842; of March, 1843; of
July, 1846; of January, 1847; and they will all be
found to conform, so far as the matter of form is
concerned, with this. We'have adhered to the
old forms, because they seemed to have answered
well in experience. I was afraid to depart from
them; for that which has been proved by the ex-
perience of so many years to work well we ought
to adhere to.
Mr. PUGH. I ask whether those notes were
not, in point of fact, only circulated by special
indorsements ?
Mr. HUNTER. The notes could either be spe-
cially or generally indorsed. I believe, in point
of fact, the indorsement was generally in blank.
Mr. PUGH. Why not require it to be special?
Mr. HUNTER. It was not required hereto-
fore, because it was supposed that it might lead
to embarrassment*
Mr. PUGH. The fact that our predecessors
omitted to put in that safeguard is no reason why
we should notput it in when we see its necessity.
Mr. KING. J shall vote for this amendment.
J regard it as one of the best tests which have been
presented here to determine whether this is a bill
to bring money into the Treasury as a loan, or
whether it is a bill to make a Treasury bank, and
authorize the Treasury to issue paper for circu-
lation. The first section of the bill authorizes the
issue of notes of the denomination of fifty dollars.
Now, there is nobody in the country who is going
to come here with fifty dollars and lend it to the
Government and take the Government's note for
it. The moneys lent to the Government will be
lent in larger sums. Fifty dollars is a convenient
sum for paper for circulation. In my judgment,
it would nave been better for this country if there
never had been a note under that denomination m
circulation as money; but I think, of all the paper
which is to circulate in this country as money,
the worst is paper based on the credit and faith
of the Government, and not upon com. 1 would
rather have the responsibility of individuals than
that of the Government, because they are limited
by tliG courts, and by their liability to bo brought
up byastronger power than themselves, and when
they hecomc insolvent there is an end of them;
but the Government has no end to its credit ex-
cept an utter prostration like that winch resulted
from the issue of continental bills. The issue of
Government paper does not require means; by a
simple deteimiuation of the representative bod}',
the Legislature, to increase the amount of their
circulation, the capital of the bank can bo doubled.
it depends on the judgment and opinion of the
legislative body; and 1 think that the most dan-
gerous mode in which paper may be issued for
circulation. It has been tried by most of the
Governments of the world, and has failed.
The bill itself (if it were not that that is dis-
claimed on the part of the committee who brought
it in) looks to me as if it had been framed lor
the purpose of establishing peimanrntly a Treas-
ury bank. That, at any rate, would be the result
as I read the bill originally. The first section
authorizes the issue of these notes in denomina-
tions of not less than fifty dollars, and pledges the
faith of the Government for their redemption; and
the tenth section authorizes them, as they are
taken in by the Government, to be reissued con-
stantly: and thus, as the bill was originally pre-
sentee!, there was permanent authority on the
part of the Treasury to keep out this amount of
$20,000,000 m all time.
Mr. HUNTER,. I will say to the Senator from
New York, that there was no intention to make
it permanent, and it was supposed that this priv-
ilege would stop at the end of the year; hut the
moment u was suggested that it should be limited,
we agreed to a limitation.
Mr. KING. That undoubtedly improves it;
but I speak of the bill originally presented, and
then the readiness of the gentleman to accept the
proposition to limit it in time, confirmed the im-
pression on my mind. What is this limitation in
time? If the emergency which exists now shall
exist at the end of the year, the breath of the
majority can withdraw it, and they have the bill
again in perpetuity.
My objections to this bill are the bank features
of it; and I shall therefore, as I think I should
under any circumstances with these provisions
remaining in it, vote against this bill; but I will
vote for this amendment, as I would for any other
that I think would improve the measure. I was
opposed to the old Bank of the United States,
although it was in the hands of individuals; and
yet 1 am free to say that if we are to have a bank,
I doubt very much whether it would not be bet-
ter that it were m the hands of individuals, and
not have thecreditof the Government complicated
with it in any way. But I am opposed to any
Bank of the United States, in any shape or form
that issues paper. I am in favor of the Mint.
Mr HUNTER. The Senator from New York
will find that this bill was framed on the model
of the act of 1837, which was introduced by his
distinguished predecessor and friend, Mr. Silas
Wright; and he will find that this denomination
of note was then introduced and has been ad-
hered to since. However, I am not strenuous
about it. If the Senate think the denomination
of $100 better, let them strike out the $50.
Mr. KING. I will mention another difference
between this bill and those formerly passed. I
think most of the Treasury notes we have here-
tofore had were fundable, were convertible into
stock. These are not. There may have been
such notes heretofore; but I know those of 1847
were fundable into permanent stock, which was
another feature that looked to the creation of a
loan instead of the issue of paper for circulation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. fiiocs in
the chair.) The question i« on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son].
Several Senators, (to Mr. Hunter.) Accept
the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, lam willing toacccde to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I now offer an amendment which
will relieve the bill of difficulty. In the fourth
line of the fnst section, after the word " notes,"
I move to insert " payable to order;" and in the
second line of the iilYh section, to strike out the
words " assignment indorsed," and insert "spe-
cial indorsement thereon;" and after the third
line, to insert "and by subsequent special in-
dorsement of each holder." The object is to
prevent the circulation of this paper as currency,
and to make it an investment. My amendment
wiil require it to pass only by special indorse-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I have been prepared, sir, through-
out the whole of tin.? debate, to vote for the bill,
and to vote for it very much m the shape in which
the chairman of the Committee on Finance mi^ht
present it—not intending thereby to indoise the
financial policy of the Government, nor to give
pledges tliatl mean to vote forthe estimates sub-
mitted; hut as I have not believed that this was
an appropriate time and place for discussions of
that soit, I was going to take this remedy which
had been presented by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance very much as I used to take
medicine when I was a sick hoy. I opened my
mouth and shut my eyes, and took just what the
doctor said I wanted; and I look on'the chairman
of the Finance Committee (if he will excuse me)
as the doctor. [Laughter.] The body-politic,
no doubt, is sick, and this is the remedy he pro-
poses. I am willing to take it, and I shall take
it whether he puts the rate of interest at four
or six per cent., and whether the amount be
$10,000,000 or$20,000,000. f shall probably vote
for it if this amendment be adopted; but I am free
to say that this, to my mind, is an exceedingly
objectionable amendment; and if any amendment
could induce mo to vote against the bill, this
would induce me to do so, because I think it sep-
arates the measure entirely from that character
of relief to the commercial community which may
incidentally be given to it by a loan in the form
in which the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance has presented it. It is the fact that, while
it has a tendency to relieve the necessities of the
December 19,
Government in the shape in which he has pre-
sented it to us, it has also a tendency to relieve
the necessities of the commercial community,
which commends it to my judgment. If you
strip the bill of this feature, you make it simply
a relief for a distressed Government, ignoring en-
tirely the fact that there are distresses in the com-
mercial community.
Having said thus much simply in explanation
of the vote which I shall give, which will prob-
ably be for the bill, I yield the floor.
Mr. HUNTER. If we adopt this amendment,
it seerns to me that it would be better to resort
to a regular loan at once, for it destroys the whole
theory of the Treasury note. If I understand it,
the Treasury note is issued as a temporary expe-
dient, as a means of making a temporary loan,
because we can in this way borrow money at the
lowest rate of interest, and on the cheapest terms
to the Government. We can borrow money in
this way on the cheapest terms to the Govern-
ment, because,at the same time that the Govern-
ment is bound to redeem the note with whatever
interest is specified on its face, there is a demand
for it in the way of exchange, and it circulates
from hand to hand. If it be designed to prevent
that, there is no difference between this and a
regular loan, except that this is a loan for a short
time, and the other would bo for a longer term of
years, perhaps. If we adopt the amendment, it
seems to me it would be better to provide for a
loan at once, because we destroy that which en-
ables us to raise money more cheaply by Treasury
notes than by a loan.
Mr. BAYARD. I think there is another ob-
jection to the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from Ohio. It strikes me that it would
work great injustice. By the sixth section of the
bill, these Treasury notes are required to be re-
ceived by the proper officers of the Government,
in payment of all duties and taxes laid by the
authority of the United States, and in payment
of public lands, and all debts of the United States,
of any character whatever.
If this proposition pievails, of necessity the
title to one of these notes cannot pass except by
special indorsement. A note is issued here, and
it is tendered in California for the payment of
duties, or in Illinois for the payment of lands,
and the officer is bound to receive it if it is gen-
uine. There may be a dozen special indorse-
ments on it. He must take the hazard of the
genuineness of every signature on the note. Will
you put your officer in that situation5 What
means has he of ascertaining whether the in-
dorsements are genuine ? He can know and ought
to know whether the signatures of the Register
and Treasurer of the United States are genuine'
but how is he to know the signatures of eight,
ten, or twelve persons who may put special in-
dorsements on the note* Yet, if thus amendment
be adopted, and he accepts a note with an indorse-
ment that is not genuine, the i«>sult is that he is
the loser; the party entitled to the note will have
a right to demand payment; and the Government
would not allow the amount of the second pay-
ment to the officer.
I do not think you ought to place your officers in
that position. It is impossible for them to test
the genuineness of the signatures presented to
them. If you are to borrow money m this mode,
the only true course is to suffer the note to pass
by delivery, and I think it would be better to let
it pass by delivery in the first instance by making
it payable to bearer.
It is no sound objection to this bill that it pro-
poses to issue a paper currency, as gentlemen
allege. The object is to obtain a loan for a tem-
porary purpose, based on the fact that we cannot
yet ascertain whether the commercial convulsion
which has reached this country and is now going
through Europe, will so react that, in the course
of the next six months orthe next year, the Gov-
ernment will have from its ordinary revenues all
the money it wants for current expenses and to
redeem these notes without the necessity of a per-
manent loan. This is a temporary loan, and of
course we should make it in that shape which
will be most acceptable to the community and
least embarrassing to the Government. You may,
if you choose, call these Treasury notes " shin-
plasters," in the language of the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio; I care not. If wefoundit better
to raise coupon bonds, payable in one year, suroly
