1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
ftfi
that would be a perfectly appropriate mode of
raising money. The question is whether the Gov-
ernment, in consequence of the commercial con-
vulsion, is not in such a condition that it ought to
have more funds in the Treasury to meet what
is certainly not a permanent state of things. If
we find that there is 110 reaction to increase the
revenues of the country, of course we shall be
obliged to resort to some other mode of filling the
Treasury, either by direct taxation or by increased
duties; and we shall be obliged also to cut down
our expenditures; but we cannot do this on the
instant.
I have said that as this money is wanted by
the Government, we ought to borrow it on such
terms as will be most acceptable to the commu-
nity and cost us the least. That, I think, is ac-
complished by this bill. This is no adoption of
the principle of a paper currency. We do not
make these Treasury notes a tender in the pay-
ment of debts. We only say, that on account of
the emergency, we will, for a temporary period,
as we have often done before, issue promissory
notes of the Government, payable in one year,
at such a rate of interest as the community will
take them at. Surely it is wisdom to put them
in that form which will give them their highest
value. Much as I am opposed, and 1 think I
am quite as much opposed as the Senator from
Ohio to a paper currency, strongly as I believe it
would be better for us if no bank note, Or Treas-
ury note, or any other kind of note which could
pass as money, were ever issued for a sum less
than $100; yet, in this emergency, with a view
to raising a loan, not looking at it as a perma-
nent mode of raising revenue or contracting loans
for this Government, I am willing to vote for this
issue of Treasury notes. The power to issue
them is limited to a single year. If, when Con-
gress next assembles, or if during the present
session, we find that there is no prospect of such !
a reaction in commercial affairs that the revenues
of the cuuntiy will, under our present laws, flow
in to a sufficient amount to meet the engagements
of the Government, we may then have to resort
to a permanent loan; but we must have time to
ascertain that. This convulsion, it seems to me,
has come upon this country and upon Europe
most unexpectedly, and there are now wide dif-
ferences of opinion as to its causes, and as to its
probable duration.
Under these circumstances, as the Government,
by reason of this convulsion, has had its reve-
nues cut short at once, what possible objection
can there be to a temporary loan, when it is pro- !
posed to borrow the money which wo need m ihe
mode most acceptable to the community, and most
likely to get us the money at the least cost ? If
you attach the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to this bill, the result will be, not only that
your Treasury notes will not be so likely to com-
mand as high a value in the market; but further,
you commit gross injustice in tbis respect: m'order
to give them"increased value, you prescribe that
the notes shall be receivable in payment of all
debts due to the United States, and you place the
receiving officer in such a position that yon hold
him bound to know the signature of every special
indorsee, and you make him bear the burden of
the loss, if any signature turns out not to bo gen-
xnne; and yet it is morally impossible,in the trans-
actions of business, that he can ascertain that fact
with any certainty.
Mr. PUGH. 1 think the Senator from Dela-
ware has furnished me with two or three addi-
tional, and, as it seems to my judgment, conclu-
sive arguments in favor of the amendment. He
says that the Government is now to issue paper
money, or notes payable to order, indorsed in
blank, and they might just as well be payable to
, bearer, for a note payable to order, and indorsed
in blank, is payable to bearer.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. He says that we may issue them
because we have not made them a legal tender.
In strictness of phraseology among lawyers, we
have not; but we have made them more nearly a
legal tender than any bank note in the United
States. Youhave on your statute-bookaprovision
that a bank note shall not be received for a debt to
the Government, but this shall. And yet does the
mere fact that a bank note is not a legal tender
prevent it from displacing the gold and silver coins
of the country- It has displaced them,and the
President urges us to suppress, by all the means
in our power, the circulation of thatdenominatiori
of bank paper which conflicts with the gold and
silver coins of the denomination of twenty dollars
and under. You have given them a significance
which bank paper does not have, and yet you are
now suffering, if the President be correct, under
the evils of bank paper, and in eleven days from
his recommendation, as the Senator from Illinois
has said, you plunge headlong into a worse sys-
tem than that which he condemns.
The Senator from Delaware tells us it will be
necessary for the public officers to know the sig-
natures of the indorsers; and, therefore, lest we
should inconvenience them a little, lest we should
put them to trouble, we should inconvenience all
the people of the United States. Sir, I have been
strongly impressed with the fact since I have been
a member of Congress, that the convenience of the
officers of this Government governs at the expense
of the convenience of the people. There is no
more danger of forgery of indorsement, if there are
three or four indorsers, than if there is one. The
bill already provides that there shall be one in-
dorsement—the indorsement of the payee. Does
not the public officer have to look ,to the genuine-
ness of that? The argument against the amend-
ment is of no more importance than if addressed
to the original bill. Have you not provided safe-
guards, whereby the accounting officer can know
from whom he takes the note ? If there is aforged
indorsement on it there is no payment; the remedy
of the Government is just as good against the man
who delivered it as before. You have required
every man who pays one of these notes to put
his name on the back of it, and if there is a forged
indorsement behind him he continues liable on his
own indorsement to the Government. There is
not half so much danger if you require the in-
dorsement of every holder, as, there is if you re-
quire the simple indorsement of the payee alone.
But the Senator from Delaware has inaugurated
a new feature in this debate. We aie to enter on
this system of paper money, because we do not
know what is next to come. That is his propo-
sition, in my humble judgment. I hardly think
the honorable Senator saw the consequences to
which it would lead. I understood my friend
from Rhode Island, when he pronounced his
panegyric on bank directors yesterday, to state
that they were men responsible in substance and
means, and when they put out a promissory note,
they had some dim expectation of being com-
pelled to pay it, and of providing the means of
payment; but we are to issue our notes because
we do not know whether we shall be able to pay
them or not. That is the reason why wo are. to
put them out. We are to put them out in the
hope and expectation that m the course of the
nest twelve calendar months we shall find out
whether we arc able to pay them or not. Sup-
pose we are not able to pay them; what then?
Issue more? The same argument will be good
then,and thus, at the end of the administration of
Mr. Buchanan, we shall be where our continental
fathers were when they put into the Constitution
of the United States the provision for a gold and
silver circulation.
Having disposed of that, I propose to answer
the argument of the Senator from Virginia, that
it will not accommodate the Government, and that
we might as well have a loan. So we might. We
had better have a loan if we only had time to
negotiate it; but the proposition is that we are in
a hurry, and that wo do not want to make this
debt for a long time, not beyond a year, and theie-
fore we take this form of security. We do not
go to the expense and trouble of issuing bonds,
but we make a short loan of twelve months. I
understand that is what the bill is for. The
Government wants to borrow money for twelve
months, and instead of issuing a bond, which
generally runs from ten to twenty or thirty years,
we adopt this form of security as more readily-
available; but it will be just as good a loan, pay-
able to order, as if the notes are payable to
bearer. If you want it as a loan, it is your best
form. The Senator from New York [i\ir. Kixg]
has well said, that you will not find a man who
wants to lend the Government fifty or one hun-
dred dollars. Such a man does not come to your
Government to lend money; but the man with a
million comes. What does he want? He wants
the investment; he wants the interest you ate to
pay; or he wants the note that he may sell it in
the market as a bill of exchange, and realizi a:
profit. He does not want to circulate it. Tim
man who is ready to lend you money on fair
terms wants your security as an investment, for
the interest that is due cin" it, and for the fact'that
it call be used for the purposes of exchange..
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Da vis] fold*
us we wanted to get the" money out of the stock-"
ings, to which the Senator from RTiodd Island*
[Mr. Simmons] alluded yesterday, where'the okt
farmers' wives had put it; that there was lack of'
confidence, and that this confidence was to Be1 all
restored in twelve months, if you would giye
them something equivalent to a deposit, not some-
thing that they are to pass off from hand to hand.
Then the Senator from Virginia said these
notes, if required to be indorsed specially, could
not be available for the purposes of exchange.
Does not the Senator know that every bill of
exchange is indorsed ? Certainly it is. The man
who takes it wants the security of the indorsee
on it. For all the purposes of exchange, these
notes, if indorsed, will answer as well as if they
were payable to bearer; but there is one purpose
which they will not answer, and that is the sub-
stance of the whole amendment. They will not
answer the purpose of bank notes, and that is
what I want to prevent. They will answer the
purpose of a loan; they will answer the purpose
of bills of exchange; but they will not answer for
bank notes. If they are required to be indorsed,'
they will not go into circulation, because a bank'
note passes by delivery, being payable to bearer,-
or payable to order, and indorsed in blank.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
says he will vote against my amendment because
it will not relieve the community. What relief
does the community want? What relief can this
Government give the commun ity by issuing a par-
cel of irredeemable paper dollars? Will that re-
lieve the community ? It never yet relieved any
community; it simply prolonged for the time the
present unnatural state of affairs, when men who
have exhausted their means are endeavoring to
keep up their expenses without having resources
sufficient to pay their debts. If you put this paper
into circulation, and it goes into circulation as
bank paper, instead of relieving the community
it will make tenfold the distress through which'
we have lately passed.
I should like to know what the banks that are
trying to resume specie payments are doing?
They are trying to get the community to keep'
their paper out; for if the community do not
keep their paper out the banks can never resume.
If they come in every day with notes and de-
mand specie, the banks might as well close. Yet
we are to relieve the banks by putting into cir-
culation that which every man will prefer to the
bank note; and in order to get it he will run every
bank note home and get specie on it, so as to in-
vest it in Treasury notes. Why should he not?
The bank note circulates within a certain num-
ber of miles of the place of payment; it circu-
lates on the credit of the bank; it carries no in-
terest. Your note carries interest; your note
passes from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Will
any man keep a bank note in his possession when
he can demand specie for it, and with the specie
can buy one of your $20,000,000 of Treasury '
notes? It seems to me the community would"
be relieved \vith a vengeance by such a system;
that is, if the community intends to take bank-
paper. If you wish to drive all the bank paper
out of existence—and I, for one, shall not com-
plain of that at all—you will drive it out to the
extent of your §20,000,000 of notes, or else you
will make it a depreciated currency that will pass,
not because of its solvency, but because men can
get nothing else. _
The old proposition comes back. The'Senatnr
from Virginia wants it-, though he does not avow
it, because he wishes it to make'a circulating me-
dium. The Senator from NewHampshire wants
it because he wishes a circulating medium. Then
I say it is worse than bank paper. There is no
provision for its-payment; It is a post note. l>cnk
notes are. payable-on demand; these are payable
twelve months after date. In all the history of
banking—and; I think I can appeal with confi-
dence to the Senator from Rhode Island, for he
gave us the benefit of his experience yesterday—
have not our Legislatures been trying to prevent
