1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2211
which pass into the hands of the learned, and
which swell the large amount of books for winch
neither the officer, nor the Department having
charge of the work, is responsible. They are
authorized by Congress. They are made by the
sauan. They are printed by Congress; and, good,
bad, or indifferent, the Senator has the responsi-
■ bility on himself for printing the books.
Mr. HENDERSON. I misunderstood my
friend from Mississippi. I thought his design was
to move an amendment. My desire is to have the
biil passed; and I shall not object at all, indeed T
shall vote for his proposition as I now understand
it. I shall vote to reject the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Territories, for that will
leave the bill as it is, and pass the bill, which is
the thing we wish to accomplish.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to leave the bill as it
comes from the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment. The rejection of
the amendment will leave the bill in the shape the
Senator from Mississippi desires it.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays on the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment is in per-
fect accordance with what I think the true inter-
ests of the State of Texas and of the United
States require. It will not preclude the President
of the United States or the War Department from
sending such an escort as is necessary; but it will
prevent an incumbrance of the commission by a
number of officers who would delay the expedi-
tion on their march, and would necessarily be
distributed over the country in making scientific
observations, and delay the completion of the
work beyond the time that would be requisite to
accomplish it in a proper manner, if the number
is restricted to the provisions of the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state for the in-
formation of the Senate that Texas expects to
pay, and has provided for the payment of her
commissioner, and therefore the first branch of
the amendment, as regards ridding the United
States of that expense, is totally unnecessary.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs Ailen, Benjamin, Biirlfr, Brown, Chand-
ler, Claik, Cnttenden, Dixon, Fe?M!iidon, Foot, Foster,
Green, Hale. Hamlin, Iiailan, llouf-ron, lvpr-on, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee. King, Polk, Pujj'n, Iiico,
Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Simmons,' Shdell, Tooinb.-.,
and Wiidc—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Rrodenek, Cameron, Clay, Clmcmnn,
Davi?, Fitzpatnek, Gwm, Hammond, liendeWon, Kenne-
dy., Mason, Siuau, Thomson of New Jer ey. Wright, and
Yulee—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The biil was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was concurred in. The amendment
was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time; and the bill was read the third
time and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TrF,sD\Y, May 18, 1858.
The House mot at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Smith Pyne, D. D.
call of the house.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, is there a quo-
rum present?
The SPEAKER. There are but ninety-five
members present.
Mr. PHELPS. I move a call of the House;
and on that motion I cail for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G4, nays I[0; as follows:
YEAri—Mcsmv Adra.ui, Ahl, Anderson, Andiows, Ar-
nold. Atk'n-4, Avery. Bennett, Bilhzighuis-t. Boeork. Bni-
lingame, Chapman'. Horace F. C!ai"k. Ciay,'Clemen«. John
Cochrane, Coekenil, Coinms, James Cuusf, Cuitiv, David-
son. Davi^of Mississippi, Dick.Dowdoll. Elliott, FUuence,
Foster. (Jartiell. Gieunwood. Giegc, Thomas L. Ilairis.
Jlujler, G-coi§e W. Jon?-, J. Glancy Jon<>*, Owen Jones,
Leiter, Letcher, McKib'un. McQueen. Matreson, Miles,
Milieu Edwaid Jny Mom&? Mot?. Niblack, Palmer. Phelps,
Pmiiips, Potter, Uuthn, Scales, Scott, Shorter, rfamuel A.
Smith, Stephen*, ^tewn-on, Mii^ Taylor, Wad<*, Wal-
bnd^N Kihhu B. Wa&hbuine, Whiteley, Winslow, and
Woru-nrlyko—64.
NAY^ —Messrs. Abbott, Bingham, Blan, Bliss. Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Buffinton, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, John B.
Clark, Cobb, Colfax, Corning, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Curry, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Dean, Diminick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson,
English, Faulkner, Fenton, Foley, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch,
Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Gtoesbeck, Robert B.Hall, J.
Morrison Harris, Hawkins, Hill, Hoard, Hopkins, Horton,
Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Keitt, Kellogg,Kelly,
Kelsey, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Lawrence,
Leach, Lovejoy, Macfay, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maynard, Millson<Moore, Morgan,Morrill, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Ohn, Parker, Pendleton,Peyton,Pike, Pottle,
Powell, Reagan, Robbins, Royce, Russell, Sandidge, Sear-
ing, Seward, Aaion Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, John Sher-
man, Judson W. Sherman, Singleton, Robert Smith,Spin-
ner, Talbot, George Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Tnppe,
CTndeiwood, Walton, Cadwaiader C. Washbunf, Israel
Washburn, Watkins White, Wilson, Woodson, John V.
Wught, and Znllicoffer—110.
So the House refused to have a call of the House.
Pending the vote,
Mr. MILES stated that Mr. Boniiam was de-
tained from the House by illness in his family,
and had paired off with Mr. Waidrom.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Landy, was still detained from the House in con-
sequence of illness in his family.
Mr. COX asked leave to vote, he not being
within the bar when his name was called.
Objection was made.
Messrs. CASE and LEIDY asked the same
privilege.
Objection was made.
READING THE JOURNAL.
The being been announced, as above recorded,
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SALE OF FORT SWELLING.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to present, at the
request of the Delegate from Minnesota, there
being no Representatives here from that State,
some memorials, to have them laid upon the tabic
and printed. They relate to the sale of the Fort
Snelling reservation, and it may be necessary to
refer to them in the discussion on that subject.
There being no objection, the petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota in relation to the sale of the
Fort Snelling reservation, was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FAULKNER. I also ask leave to present,
for the same purpose, the report of a board of
Army officers on the same subject.
There being no objection, the report was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
election of doorkeeper.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the execution of the order of the House of yes-
terday, to proceed to the election of Doorkeeper.
Nominations are m order.
Mr. ADRAIN. I nominate, as Democratic can-
didate for the office of Doorkeeper for the re-
mainder of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, Joseph L.
Wright, of New Jersey.
Mr. MORGAN. I nominate for Doorkeeper,
Arthur W. Fletcher, of Washington city. j
Mr. ZOLLICOFl-'ER. I nominate Jacob P. j
Chase, of Tennessee.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Adrain,
Morgan, Zollicoffer, and Wright of Tennes-
see, tellers.
The vote was taken, and there were 216 votos ,
cast; necessary to a choicc 100; of which— ;
Joseph L. Wi ijrht received „, 117
Arthur W Fletcher    77
Jacob P. Chase. .    10
F. W. Walker  9
Nd! ban Baiirent    1
lVtei Goi man       1
/. W.McKuew  1
The following is the vote in detail:
For Joseph L. Jf'nzht—Missis. Adiam, Ahl, Arnold, At- !
km*, Aveiv, Bark^daic, Bishop, Bocouk, Bo'vu1, Co\oc, i
lit,inch, Biyan, Bums, Canulk'is, Caskie, Chapman, Hor- !
ace F. Claik, John B. Clark, Clay, Ctemon*. Cobb, John
Coeniane. Cockcnll. Coimii!;, Cox, James Craur. Bui ton 1
Cia aro. Craw foul, Curry, Davidson, D.ivi> of Indiana. Davis
of Mi^i-j-ippi, D"wart, Dmnniek, Dowdell, lMmund-on,
Elhott. iOm?hfh. Faulkner. Florimoo, Folry/OaiucU. Car-
tiell, Giiu-.. Goode, GieenwooJ, Grogs, Groi>-bjek, Law-
ier.ee W Hall. Ila-km, HaU-h, Uawkm--, Hopk'.n-. Hous-
ton. Hughe-, flinler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewetr. (*eor«:j W. ■
Jones. J. Clancy .'ones, Owijii Jones, Kent, Kelly. Jicob
M. Kunkol, Lamar, Lawrence, LouSy, Letcher, Macluy, 1
McKitihin, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles, Millci..Mill- ,
son, -Moore, Kaac N. Moms, Niblack, Pendleton, i'ejton,
Phclp?, Plnlhps, Powell, Quitman, Iteasan. Iluiu'i. IIu-mj,I1, :
Pandidsx", Scales, Scott, Searing, tfeuaid. Aaron
Shaw, II-my M. Shaw, Shortei, Sickle--. Singleton, Rob- 1
ert Smuh, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith. Suitiwouh,
Stephens, Ptevcns-on, James A. Stewart, Talbot. George
Taylor, Miles Taylor, Waid, Watkms, Wnite, U'lntcley, ■
Wmslow, Wortendyke, John V. Wright, and 3lr. Speakei. ;
For Arthur W, Fletcher*—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews,
Bennett, Billinglmrst, Bingham, 31air, Bliss, Buffioto.n,
Burhn5|ame. Case, Chaffee, Ciawson, Colfax, Comins, Cfa-
gin, Curtis. Damrell, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Bean, Diek, Dodd, Farrisvvorth, Fenton,
I oster, Oilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Hoaid, Horton, Howard, Kellogg, ICelsey, KiJgore,
Knapp, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Matteson, Morgan, Morrill,
Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nich-
ols, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Ritchie, Robbing, Royce, John Sherman, Judson W. Sher-
man, Spinner, Stanton,William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Thompson,Tompkins,Wade, Walbridge, Walton, CadwW-
ader C. Washburn, klhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Wilson, and Wood.
For Jacob P. Chase.—Messrs. Anderson, Eu^tia, Gilmer,
Hill, Maynard, Ready, Trippe, Underwood, Woodson, and
Zolhco/fer.
For. F. W. Walker.—Messrs. Campbell, Ezra Clark,
Davis of Maryland, Edie, J. Morrison Harris, Humphrey
Mai shall, Edward Joy Morris, Ricaud, and Roberts.
For Nathan Sargent.—Mr. Durfee.
For Peter Gorman.—Mr. Thomas L. Harris.
For Z. W. MclCnew.—Mr. McQueen.
Joseph L. Wright, of New Jersey, having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast, was declared
duly elected Doorkeeper of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and w&a
sworn into office by the Speaker.
LAND FRAUDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker*
within a few daj^s past two public acts of a very
important character passed the Senate, and have
been referred to the Committee on the Judiciary;
and I am now informed that, should the acts fail
to pass in time for the fact of their passage to go
to California by the steamer which sails on the
20th, it will be a very great detriment to the pub-
lic interests. They are bills for the prevention of
frauds and forgeries in land claims in California,
and are essential to the protection of the public
domain, and of the rights of private citizens of the
United Suites. I ask consentof the House,under
the circumstances, to report back these bills from
the Committee on the Judiciary, and to have them
put upon their passage. I apprehend there can be
no objection; certainly there would be none if the
facts were known.
Mr. COBB. I think they are bills which ought
to receive more consideration than we can give to
them t^is morning.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I am informed
by the Attorney General that a loss of some fifty
'million dollars may possibly ensue to thenational
Treasury from the failure to pass these bills. The
Committee on the Judiciary'has examined them,
and has directed me to report them back.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask my friend if these bills
did not'pass the Senate unanimously ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. They passed the
Senate unanimously since the sailing of the last
steamer, and were introduced at this late period
in order that they might pass the Senate and the
House, and go out before any knowlcdgeof their
pendency should reach California.
Mr. COBB. I thought they had not received
consideration by the Committee on the Judiciary;
but now that I learn that they have, I withdraw
my objection.
Mr. Q.CJITMAN. Mr. Speaker, when these
bills were presented to the House I believe I was
the only one who objected to their immediate con
sideralion. I have since examined them, and if
the gentleman from New York will consent to a
single amendment to one of them, to strike out the
word ts thereof" after " affidavit," on the second
page of the act to provide for the collection and
safe-keeping of the public archives of the State
of California, and to insert in lieu thereofilofthe
facts and circumstances,"! willmake'noobjection.
Mr. CLARK. I consent to that amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JOiNES. I wish to learn from
the gentleman from New York if he proposes1 to
demand the previous question upon these bills?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I do, sir.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I merely wish to
remaik, with the consent of the gentleman from
New York, that I shall give way to-day for noth-
ing, unless it is something of as great emergency
as this. I will not object to the consideration of
these bills if the House will vote upon them im-
mediately under the previous question.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I propose to call
the previous question; and in oider to avoid a
single objection, I propose to agree to the very
reasonable amendment suggested by the gentle-
man from Mississippi.
Mr. KELSEY. I aslc that the bill may be read.
We do not yet know what the bill is.
