II88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
ms.de tlje special order for to-morrow at eleven
o"Hock.
I'lio motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. 'WILSON, the Senate ad-
journed.   
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday , March 19, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Stephen P. Hill, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SELECT COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed the following select committees:
Select committee under the resolution of Mr.
Bukkodohs—Messrs. Burrougiis,Caskie, Bliss,
W-right ofTennessee, Dawes , Dewart ,Potter,
Jackson, and Palmer.
Select committee under Mr. Florence's res-
olution—Messrs. Florence, Maclay, Oilman,
Scales, and "Waldron.
COMMITTEE OF ACCOUNTS.
The SPEAKER also announced that he had
appointed Mr. Kunkel, of Maryland, on the
Committee of Accounts, vice Mr. Roffin, ex-
cused.
RESOLUTIONS OF NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKBR laid before the House resolu-
tions of the Legislative Assembly of New Mexico
relative to the proposed Territory of Arizona;
which were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
DES MOINES RAPIDS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the War Department, con-
taining information relative to the improvement
of the Des Moines Rapids.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the communication
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
ought to be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. CURTIS. The work has been under the
control of the War Department, and i think it
ought to go to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Itisinform-
ation in relation to the improvement of the rapids
• of the Des Moines river, and of course appertains
to the commerce of the country; therefore, sir, I
think it ought to be referred to the Committee on
Commerce. I move that it be referred to that
committee, and ordered to be printed. A billon
the subject, reported from that committee, at the
last session, passed this House.
Mr. Wasiiburne's motion was agreed to.
UGHTING PRESIDENT'S HOUSE, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in icfercnce to additional appropriations for
lighting the President's House, the Capitol, &c.;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENDITURE IN THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Navy Department, con-
taining a detailed statement of the expenditure of
the contingent fund of the Navy Department for
1857; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
MEMORIAL OP UTAH LEGISLATURE.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What has be-
come of the memorial of the Legisldtui e of Utah,
which was read heic the other day 3
The SPEAKER. It has been laid on the tabic,
and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to have it referred to
the Committee on Territories.
There being no objection, it was so referred.
INDIAN LANDS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. KINGSBURY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have a Senate bill taken
from the Speaker's table and referred. It is an
iw ortant bill, and I think that there will be no
oh} "tion to us reference. It has been on the
Speaker's table these five weeks.
There being no objection, Senate bill (No. 82) |
to amend an act entitled " An act to authorize the :
President of the United States to cause to be sur-
veyed the tract of land in the Territory of Min-
nesota, belonging to the half-breeds or mixed
bloods of the Dacotah or Siouxnation of Indians,
and for other purposes, "approved July 17,1854,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
SOLDIERS OF THE CREEK WAR.
Mr. DOWDELL, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be di-
rected to inquire into the propriety of so amending the act
entitled "An act in addition to certain actsgrantmgbourtty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
m the military service of the United States," appioved
March 3, 185.'), and the act amendatory, being approved the
I4th day of May, 1856, as to extend the benefits and pro-
visions of said act to embrace the volunteers and militia m
the State of Alabama, who have rendered fourteen days'
actual scrvicc in the Creek Indian war of 1836, whether
such peisons served with the armed forces, or were iegu-
larly mustered into the service of, or paid by, the United
States or not, and th.it they report by bill or otherwise.
VOLUNTEER BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the bill (H. R. No. 313) reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs, to provide for
the organization of a regiment of mounted volun-
teers for the defense of the frontier of Texas, and
to authorize the President to call into the service
of the United States four additional regiments of
volunteers; the pending question being on Mr.
Quitman's amendment, to add, in line twelve;
section one, after the word " rank," the words,
44 one surgeon and two assistant surgeons."
Mr. BURROUGHS. Was that amendment
offered before or since the previous question was
seconded ?
The SPEAKER. It was offered before die
previous question was seconded.
Mr. QUITMAN. It is simply to correct an
omission in the bill.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendmentoffered
by Mr. Faulkner, as follows:
Strike out the tollowmg sections of the bill:
"Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose
of quelling distui bailees in the Territory of Utah, for the pro-
tection of supply and emigrant trains, and the suppression
of Indian hostilities on the northern and northwestern fron-
tiers, the President of the United Stales be, and he is hereby,
authorized to call for and acecpt the services of any number
of volunteers, not to exceed in all four regiments, of seven
hundred and forty privates each; the same, or any portion
thereof, to be organized into mounted regiments or mlantiv,
as the President may deem proper, to seive for the term of
eighteen months from the tune of their being leceived into
seivice, unless sooner discharged by the President. Saul
volunteer, if called for and received as mounted men, shall
be constituted m the same manner as is provided m the first
section of this bill for the Texas regiment of mounted vol-
untecis,and shall receive the same pay and allowances,
and, e.xcopt the appointment of officers, shall be subject to
the same rules and regulations as are provided m tins bill
lor said coips; and if called for, and if received as infantry,
they shall be placed on the tame footing, in every respect,
with the infantiy leintnents now in the service, shall receive
the same pay and allowances, and be governed by the same
rule* cind.jeguiat!Oii> ; arul the said legiments, whether or-
ganized mounted men or infantry, shall be subject to the
lules and articles of war.
" Sbc. 5. And be rtjurthcr enacted, That the said volun-
teer shall not be accepted in bodies of lo&s than one regi-
ment, whose officers shall be appointed in the manner pie-
senbed by law m the several State* or Terntones to which
said regiments fhall lespecmuly belong.
" Stc G. And be it furthci enacted, That the pay of ^aid
voiunteeis shall not he due until leceived into the service,
biif each officer and man shall then bo entitled to one day's
pay I'm eveiy twenty miles he may have been icqnired to
navel fiom ins re>idenee to the place of muster."
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sfc. 4. And be it farther enacted > That m addition to the
present military e-t.ibh-hment of the United States, there
tahaii he laired" and organistd, under the direction of the
PieMdeot, one re< lment of dragoons and two i cements of
inlantiy, each to be composed of the same number and rank
ij ol commissioned and non-conmns&ioned officers, bugler>,
11 musicians, privates, &c., as are provided for a regiment of
h dragoons and inlantiy, lesoectivelv, under the existing laws,
; and who shall ieceive the same pay. rations, and allow-
ances. according to their respective grades, and be subject to
the smiiiio lobulations, and to the rules and articles of war :
Provided, Tiiut it shall be lawful for the President of tlie
United States alone to appoint such oi the commissioned of-
ficer authorized by this act, below the grade of field offi-
cers, as may not be appointed during the present session of
Congrefs.
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted, That the said officers,
musicians, and privates, authorized by thi« act, shall imme-
diately be discharged from the service of the United States
at the expiration of two years fiom and after the passage of
this act.
Skc.6. And be it further enacted, That the President of the
United States be authorized to select such officers of the
Armyas he may think proper, and assign them to command,
with temporary and increased rank, m the regiments heieby
authorized, and who, while exercising the temporary rank
thus conferred, shall receive the pay and emoluments of the
commands to which they have been assigned, and be enti-
tled to no oth$r pay and allowances whatever during the
period of said detached service; officers so employed shall
succeed to vacancies in their own corps, according to the
ordinary rules of promotion, and, if not previously ordered
to do so, shall, upon the disbandment of the regiments to
which they have been assigned, rejoin their own regiment,
corps, troop, or company, as the case may be. The field
officers of the regiments herein authorized and provided for
shall be selected from the officers of the Army, and appoint-
ed by the President, with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to temporary commissions, the effect of which will
cease and discontinue on the disbandment of the corps to
which they may be assigned.
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 143; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Bon-
ham, Bowie, Branch, Clemens, Chngman, John Cochrane,
Burton Craige, Dimmick, Fauitmei, Florence, Gilmer,
Goode, Gregg, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, HuyJer, J Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones, Kent, Jacob M. Kunkel, Letcher,
Maclay, Millson, Pendleton, Phillips, Pottle, Powell, Rus-
sell, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Singleton, William Smith,
Stevenson, George Taylor, White, Whiteley, Winslow,
and Wortendvke—43.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Anderson, Andrews,
Atkins, Avery, Blair, Bliss, Boyce, Brayton, Bryan. Buffin-
ton, Burhngame, Burns, Burroughs, Campbell, Chaffee,
Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, dawson. Clay, Cobb,<'ockenll,
Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cr.tgin, Jaines Ciaig, Craw-
ford, Cunv, Curtis, Pamrell, Davidson, Davis of Tmliana,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewait, Dick, Dodd, Dow-
dell, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, Farnsworth, Foley,
Fostei, Garnett, Gartrell, Gidding**, Gilman, Gooeh, Good-
win, Graugei, Groesbeek, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Rob-
ert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Mornson Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Hickman, Hill, Hoaul, Ilorton, Howard, Jewett, George
W. Jones', Kellogtj, Kolsey, ICilgore, Knapp, John C. Kun-
kel, Lawrence, Leach, Loiter, Lovejoy, McKibbm, Mc-
Queen, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles,
Montgomuiy, Mooio, Moigan, Morrdl, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morns, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse,
Moit, Mutray, Palmer. Parker, Pettit, Peyton, Pike, Pot-
ter, Purviance, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Ilobbins, Royce, Itutfin, Sandidsc, Savage, Scott, Searing,
Seward, Aaron Shaw, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stephens,
Talbot, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Tomp-
kins, Trippe, Wade, Walbridge,Waldron, Walton, Warren,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wilson,
Woodson, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zol-
licoffer—143.
So the amendment was rejected.
Pending the vote,
Mr. BISHOP stated that his colleague, Mr.
Arnold, had been called out of the city on press-
ing business.
Mr. CASE stated that he had paired off with
his colleague, Mr. Niblack.
Mr. BOWIE stated that Mr. Corning had
paired off with Mr. Sherman, of Ohio.
Mr. MOORE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Shorter, had paired off with Mr. Washburn,
of Wisconsin.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he was not within
the bar when his name was called, being detained
at the Departments, attending to the business of
his constituents, but that if he had been he would
have voted in the negative.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have been desired by Mr.
Greenwood, to say that on the Kansas bill, and
matters pertaining to it, he has paired off till
Monday next at twelve o'clock, with Mr. Dick,
and on the bill reported by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, he has paired off with Mr. Mott.
Mr. POTTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wasiiburn, of Wisconsin, had been called away
by sickness in his family, and had paired off with
Mr. Shorter.
Mr. EDIE stated that his colleague, Mr Stew-
art, had paired off on Kansas matters with Mr.
Kunkel, of Maryland, for a few days.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask leave to vote, having
been absent on the business of the House when
my name was called.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. If I had been in my seat, I
should have voted " ay.M
Mr. CHAPMAN asked leave to vote, he hav-
ing been absent from the House, engaged m other
business, when his name was called.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, objected.
Mr. HUGHES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Niblack, had paired off on political questions
with Mr. Case; and that if he [Mr. Hughes] had
