150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 19,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
Mr. BELL, That is satisfactory. I did not
hear that portion of the Senator's remarks dis-
tinctly, and that was the reason why I asked the
question.
Mr. CLAY. I had no personal allusion.
Mr, HOUSTON. I have no expectation of
making a speech, nor had I any intention of ut-
tering asyllable upon this subject;butas my friend
from Alabama 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Jones in
the chair.) The Senator from Wisconsin is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I onlv wish to say a word.
Mr. DURKEE. I yield the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was not my intention to
have uttered one word in relation to this subject,
nor do I now intend to address the Senate upon the
topic before it; but an observation which fell from
my friend from Alabama, in relation to the pas-
sage of the Nebraska bill, demands of mc a pass-
ing observation. The remark was, that those who
opposed the passage of the Nebraska bill, opposed
it on the ground that it opened the Territory to sla-
very. I opposed that bill, sir. My objection was
very different from that. I had the assurance of
every gentleman from the South within my hear-
ing—others may not have said it—that slavery
never would go to Kansas.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I can perhaps
save my friend from Texas the necessity of a j
speech, by telling him that, in any remarks [ have j
made, I certainly intended no moral impeachment .
of any Senator upon this floor. It may have been j
a political impeachment. I certainly have re- !
garded these things as a betrayal of trust and of
duty to my section of the Union. I did not moan
to impute that they intended it as such, or felt it
as such. In respect to the vote of the Senator, I
made no remark about any man, South or North.
I spoke of the general opposition to the bill. I
have no doubt that some, on the part of the South,
opposed that bill simply upon the ground that
they preferred quiet error to boisterous (ruth; that
they preferred living in inglorious peace rather
than hazard war in vindication of their rights.
Now, sir, I will not say that that influenced the
distinguished Senator from Texas, who has a
great deal of military as well as civil reputation,
and who has illustrated his courage on the field,
as well as his wisdom in council. I wish him not
to suspect me of intending to impeach his motives
m the course of argument which I have pursued.
I have indulged in general remarks, without really
one particle of unkindnoss towards any of those
whom I regret to find differing with me on this
occasion, as well as that to which he alludes.
Mr. HOUSTON. Had I anticipated any per-
sonal reflection, Mr. President, I would not have
referred to the gentleman as my friend. It was
the political reflection that I intend, in a few
words, to repel. The gentleman is pleased to
compliment me on the score of martial achieve-
ments and personal courage. They are proper-
ties, I presume, that every American has, or ought
to have; and, if 1 have any attribute of that char-
acter justly imputed to me, the glory of my life
was, that 1 had the moral manhood, on that oc-
casion, to stand up against the influences which
surrounded me, and to be honest in the worst of
times. There are two or three other things I in-
tend to notice. The hill of 1854 was not to open,
or to prevent opening, the door to slavery in Kan-
sas; for I had the assurance of honorable gentle-
men who participated in the debate, that slavery
would never go to Kansas. Was it interposing
an objection to the march of slavery if 1 voted
against opening that Territory, when we had the
assurance of the oldest and most distinguished
Senators in this body that slavery never could go
there, because God, by his Jiat^'htid interposed
an impediment to its location there ? Is that the
reason why I voted against it? No, sir; my mo-
tives were higher and holier. I was not the ene-
my of slavery, nor was I its propagandist; nor
will I ever be.
My opposition to that measure was because it
broke up the deep fountain of bitter waters that
were to flow over the land, and that now have del-
uged it, with occasional spouts of blood mingling
•with its current. It was to keep that down and to
repress it that I voted against the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. It was a subject 1 had not particularly looked
into, but I had a right to believe my southern as-
sociates were honorable gentlemen,and that they
did not intend to introduce slavery there; for it
would have been unworthy of southern chivalry,
and the nobility of southern sentiments, by base
artifice to conceal the primary design of introducing
slavery there, when they asserted the contrary.
I thought they had pride and chivalry enough to
declare their object; and, as I believed it was
breaking down the barrier that secured our insti-
tutions in the South, and was only opening the
door to free soil, and violating southern pledges
given to the Indians and recorded at least here, if
not in Heaven, I opposed that bill with all the in-
dignation of an honest heart, at least, if I had not
the glory of a triumphant defeat of it. These
were my objects.
Now that wall of partition is broken down, and
what is the result ? South of 36° 30' free soil has
made its footprints, and where will it stop? Be-
fore it had a barrier at that point; but it has none
now. I opposed it to prevent a conflict in future
time; not to submit to an inglorious peace. My
object was to preserve and perfect an honorable
peace according to the compromise of 1850. This
line had been established by the wisdom of wise
men, and it ought to have remained a perpetual
monument of peace and harmony. It should have
had some manifest dedication to it as a glorious
memorial of an occasion that had transformed and
given praeo to the country. The repeal of that
measure dissolved the harmony that existed m
the country. It broke peace with the North. I ;
thought there was sufficient free-soil preponder- i
ance before this region of country was opened to j
its inroads, and, as a southern man, I stood up ;
against the repeal of the Missouri compromise. |
Sir, I protest against gentlemen speaking of
c< my State," or " my section." I have heard it ■
long enough. I will have none of it. I am a '
southern man; and no one has ever raised his arm '
or bared his breast to give wider extension to its
territory, or to vindicate Us rights, more than I i
have done; and I am always ready to do it; but (
I have no war of words to bandy, 1 have no agi- !
tation to foster. Sir, I have heard too much m j
the councils of the nation about sections. I know 1
none of your sections. The State from which I ;
come was united to ihe Ameiican Union and con-
federated with sister States, but she did not come
in as a sectional appendage. I want to feel that
this is a confederated community and nation, and
that it must he preserved. Let us resolve to pre-
serve the Union, and bestow the same pains, care,
investigation, and research to give cement and
stability to that Union that are now bestowed to
create faction and discord, and we shall accom-
plish a work worthy of gods to contemplate. But
factious proceedings are unworthy of men, un-
worthy of Senators, unworthy of patriots. 1 have
not acted for a section. I will know no section.
I am not going to encourage the fell spirit of dis-
cord; and when I can interpose an objection of
mine to its progress, 1 will arrest it at the peril
of my life.
I wish it to be distinctly understood that there
are more people m the South than the statesmen
and politicians who are seen in her public assem-
blages. There is a gallant yeomanry, a chival-
rous and generous population,whose hardyhands
arc adapted 8S well to toiling for the procurement
of the necessaries of life and the nurture of their
families as they are to the application of arms to
vindicate their rights. They are the men whose
voice will be heard when you carry the question
of union or disunion to theirhomcsin their peace-
ful cabins, with their little yards surrounded by
their domestics animals, and all those things
which arc endeared to them. Then they will
speak of the Union, and they will think of it; and
when they contemplate the comforts which they
have, and know how uncertain these would be if
they were to cast all to the issue of anarchy, they
will stand by the Union.
Mr. President, I said that I would not take up
the time of the Senate, nor have I any disposition
to do so; but I do say that was the best act of
my life. My life has been a long and varied one.
The only achievement that failed and brought
sorrow to my heart was, that I could not defeat
that fatal measure which was fostered, by dem-
agogues, originated in ambition, was intended for
no valuable interest of the country, but to unite
the South, and, with a few scattering northern
States, make-a President, and continue the suc-
cession. That was the iniquity of it. I said then
th^t the oldest man living at that time might say
he had seen the commencement of trouble, but
the youngest child then born would not see the
end of the calamities which would result to the
South from that measure, if adopted. It has been
adopted, and what has been the result? That is
a subject on which I have nothing to say. My
actions may speak of what I think of it; but I do
not desire any misapprehension of my motives
or my conduct to be entertained. Whenever a
gentleman presents himself who has given stronger
assurance of patriotic devotion to his country than
I have done to the Union and the Constitution
and to every section, then I will defer to him, and
hear a rebuke for the sentiments which have been
nourished and cherished in my heart while liv-
ing, and will be buried with me unless they as-
cend to a higher destiny.
Mr. CLAY. I have no idea of replying at
length to the remarks of the Senatorfrom Texas.
1 think I could show very distinctly, and very
satisfactorily and conclusively, that the Missouri
compromise, as it was miscallcd—or the Missouri
restriction, as it really was—which placed the
badge of inferiority upon the slaveholding States
of this Union; which opposed a bar, a prison-bar,
beyond which they dare not go, but at the same
time did not oppose (as suggested by the Senator
from Texas) any barrier, any resistance to north-
ern immigration south of that line—so far from
being a bond of peace, has proven an eye-sore,
an evil, a curse to both sections of the Union. I
could show that Mr. Jefferson denounced it at
the time as a struggle on the part of the North for
power, on the part of the South for existence; and
that he then predicted, with prophetic forecast, the
geographical dissensions and contentions which
have been its legitimate and necessary offspring.
I could show, by the illustration of popular feel-
ing m the Senator's own State, that he stands in
a lean minority in his opinion. Thank God,
there are tens of thousands, where you can find
hundreds, who, like him, are willing to concede
to the demands of power what justicc would never
accord.
Sir, I am not the trumpeter of my own fame.
That is the privilege of older men. I do not get
up to make protestations of my patriotism or of
my heroism, either in physical combat or moral
struggles; but I profess an allegiance to my State,
which, in virtue of my State-rights principles, in
virtue of the instinctive feelings which animate
us to love our mothers rather than any other hu-
man being, constrains me to seek her rights and to
vindicate her honor, at all hazards and to the last
extremity. I confess, sir, to some mortification
and regret to find that sentiments, which 1 regard
as honorable as they are natural, meet with re-
buke from the Senator from Texas. Perhaps it
is the privilege of his age to rebuke mc. If he
cannot derive it from his seniority, he has no title
to that privilege.
I have suggested, what he knows to be the fact,
that his own constituency have condemned his
course upon that measure; yet in alluding (and I
do not know that I did allude) to the repeal of the
Missouri restriction line, I had no personal al-
lusion to him: and I have been amazed at the
feeling which he has displayed on this occasion.
I do not think I have given him cause forit. In-
deed, I am conscious that there was no pretext
for it. I regret that he has shown it. I sincerely
had no desire to wound him, and I do not care to
protract this controversy further.
Sir, I want no controversy with any one, but
especially not with southern men. I rejoice in
the hope and belief that at last party strife and
party dissension, which has divided and disabled
my section of the Union from the true vindication
of her rights, is yielding to that common senti-
ment of duty, of honor, of self-interest, ay, to
that instinctive sentiment of self-preservation,
which admonishes us to prepare to defend our
rights, and to resist the aggression which is medi-
tated and threatened upon them. I rejoice in the
hope and belief that never before, at any period
of the history of this country, was public senti-
ment in the South more harmonious, more ac-
