1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2213
Mr. CLAWSON. I presented, some time ago,
resolutions of the State of New Jersey*—
The CHAIRMAN. The first clause of the bill
has not yet been read through. When it has it
will be in order for the gentleman from New Jer-
sey to offer an amendment and to speak to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, There is some mis-
apprehension in this matter. The general debate
on this bill has not been terminated*, and thegen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Clawson] has a
right to speak on any subject he may desire to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was in error in
supposing that the general debate had been closed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Perhaps it was my
fault that the Chair has been drawn into the error.
The House refused to terminate debate; but I sup-
posed there was a general understanding that we
should consider debate closed, and proceed to read
the bill by clauses for amendment, except some
gentleman claims a right of general debate.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If gentlemen on
the other side would consent to have night ses-
sions for the delivery of speeches on miscella-
neous subjects, then they may expect to have bills
taken up and considered in their regular order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. In response to the
gentleman from Ohio, I have merely to say 
Mr. ADRAIN. Is this debate in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Clawson] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ADRAIN. I object to this debate; and
hope my colleague will be permitted to proceed.
Mr. CLAWSON. Mr. Speaker, I had the
honor to present to the House a short time since,
some joint resolutions of the Legislature of New
Jersey, in reference to the better preservation of
life and property upon her coast. I will not de-
tain the committee nowin discussing all the prop-
ositions they contain, but some of them are so
important, that I trust to be indulged while I
briefly allude to them. Representing a district
washed on one side by the Delaware river and
bay, and on the other by the Atlantic, few ques-
tions are regarded with so much'interest by my
constituents, as those to which these resolutions
refer. The coast of New Jersey for years has
been the dread of the sailor. Its long, low beaches;
its numerous shoals and sand bars running par-
allel with it throughout its entire extent; its posi-
tion with respect to those storms from the east,
which drive with so much fury directly upon it;
all tend to render it as terrible to the seaman as
were the fabled Scylla and Charybdis to the an-
cient manner, or the Maelstrom to the boatman
of more recent times. No vessel from the East
or South bound to the port of New York but has
to run the gauntlet of these dangers. How un-
successful many of them are, the public press,
sir, but too faithfully portrays. During certain
portions of the year it teems with the recital of
many a tall admiral and rich merchantman driven
helplessly upon our shores, and become the prey
of the ruthless sea and tempest.
' Some provision has already been made by Gov-
ernment for their relief. Station-houses, boats,
and keepers, have been liberally distributed along
the beach; and many a poor sailor and untold
wealth have, by these means, been rescued from
stranded ships. The surf-boats that have been
placed there, the life-car, the mortar and line have
done all that could be done in the hands ofa brave,
ventuious, and intelligentpeople. Those who live
upon our seaboard have been ever ready, at the
first alarm, to rush to the rescue, and to save, so
far as possible, at the hazard of their own lives,
the lives of their fellows.
But experience has taught them that much more
is necessary to be done on the part of Govern-
ment, to render the success of their efforts at all
commensurate with their zeal. The metallic life-
boats, which have been furnished to them, are
found to be altogether unfitted for this particular
service. In many respects, they no doubi pos-
sess all the merit claimed for them by their inven-
tor; but thoy no ionger command the confidence
of those who have so often to venture through our
tumultuous breakers to the reliefof wrecks. They
now use exclusively their own wooden boats,
builtof red cedar, when circumstances require the
use of any, and those of the Government. remain
idle in the hfe-savmg station-houses. Their pref-
erence for such boats has been repeatedly ex-
pressed in an official manner. It was made known
to the Secretary of the Treasury three years ago
by his Excellency Rodman M. Price, then Gov-
ernor of New Jersey; and it is wooden boats which
are called for in the resolutions which have been
laid upon your table the other day.
Within the last year, a boat, every way fitted
for this kind of service, has been invented by a
gentleman of Cape May. It combines all the ad-
vantages of the old cedar boats now in use, It is
built of the same light wood; itcan with difficulty
be upset, or, if such accident happen to it, it im-
mediately rights itself. In the event of its filling,
from any cause—from capsizing, or from ship-
ping heavy seas—vajves placed along its sides
free it, to a certain extent, of water. It contains,
in close chambers, at either end, quantities of
cork, which enable it, even when filled, to support
readily its crew. It is light and strong. It can be
transported with facility by land from beach to
beach, and will live in the most tumultuous surf
that ever breaks upon our shores. Such'is the
self-righting, self-bailing life and surf boat of Mr.
R. C. Holmes. It has been thoroughly tested
m the ocean itself, ay well as atNew York, Phil-
adelphia, Trenton, and at the navy-yard in this
city, in the presence of many officers of the Navy,
and members of both Houses of Congress. All who
have witnessed its performances bear testimony
to its admirable adaptation to the purposes for
which it was designed. The underwriters of Phil-
adelphia and New York urge strongly upon the
Government the propriety of adopting it, not only
upon our coast, but also upon our national vessels;
and the Legislature of New Jersey has sent here
resolutions to the same purpose. I tiust, Mr.
Chairman, the House will see proper to adopt
these recommendations, and to ingraft on the light-
house bill a provision for placing them at least at
the life-saving stations of New Jersey. Newboats
of some description are absolutely necessary.
Thesearc acceptable to the people along the coast,
and will covst, I am told, but little more than the
commonest boats now in use.
In addition to now boats, which are impera-
tively demanded by the necessities of commerce,
scarcely less necessary are other appliances for the
safety of the shipwrecked sailor. There arc at
this time twenty-eight life-saving stations upon our
coast. Each of these is placed under the care of a
keeper, at a salary of &200 a year; and the whole
are under the direction of a superintendent. These
are all the men who are in the pay of the Govern-
ment. To make the apparatus at all efficient, al-
ways requires the assistance of others to move it
from point to point along the coast, to work it,
and to man the boats. Such services at present
are altogether voluntary on the part of our citi-
zens, and are performed without any compensa-
tion. They are no doubt rendered as promptly
and as cheerfully as if they were regularly em-
ployed and paid; but it is no more than just and
proper these men should receive some reward for
their labors. It is therefore urged that a boat's
crew of seven men, subject to the call of the
keeper, should be attached to each alternate sta-
tion-house; and that they be paid at the rate of
two dollars a day for the time they are actually
employed.
We have been taught by observation that all
stonus commence to the leeward, and proceed
slowly in the opposite direction. A day or more
often elapses before a northeastern gale, which be-
gins at New Orleans, is felt at New York. It is
believed that a line of telegraph erected along the
shore, with an instrument at the most important
stations, and all communicating with tlu: Observ-
atory in this city, might serve a. most beneficent
purpose. By authorizing Lieutenant Maury to re-
ceive telegraphic weather reports from such points
as he may deem mostadvantngeous, and to trans-
mit to the coast intolhgenceof approaching storms,
the keepers would be enabled to have all theirap-
paratus in readiness for service; and ample time
would be given to call the boats' crews from the
main. The advantages of such a system would
not stop here. Signal guns, placed at every sec-
ond or third station, could communicate such in-
formation to vessels hovering upon the coast; and
give them timely warning to seek an early har-
bor, or, unable to do that, to stand out to sea.
In this connection, permit me to allude briefly
to another matter. Our Government, while prompt
to punish, has been ever slow to reward. Every
year are witnessed upon our low, sandy beaches
deeds of daring which in the days of Greece and
Rome would have won for the actor the civic
crown. Often these men perish in their heroic
efforts to relieve the distress of others.' The acts
of the living go unnoticed by the Republic; the
bodies of the dead receive burial at the hands of
their comrades, and their families are left impov-
erished, dependent upon the generosity of tneirv
neighbors. Such actions and such sacrifices sure-
ly merit some acknowledgment at our hands., An
annual appropriation ofa thousand dollars, pteded
at the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
might, if properly distributed, again cheer up many
an humble household upon the beach, whose chief
has been swept away by the surge, and nerve to
renewed acts of heroism many an arm which has
already won for itself no stinted meed of praise.
These, Mr. Chairman, are some of the provis-
ions which our people through their Legislature
ask you to ingraft upon your appropriation bill.
Your assistance is not sought foron theirowq ac-
count; the)? only ask you to place in their hands
means to enable them more effectually to relieve
others from danger, from whatever harbor or un-
der whatever flag they may sail. New Jersey,
comparatively, has but little at stake, either jn
men or ships. But a small proportion of the vast
fleet of vessels which swarm along her coasts sail
from her ports. Every commercial State of^the
Old World—every seaboard State of the Union,
from the St. Lawrence to the Gulf stream, s4nd
their squadrons to help swell its numbers; vessels
from Philadelphia, New York, and Boston; from
Richmond, Charleston, and Savannah; from every
southern as well as every northern port, navigate
our seas, and are at times driven upon our shores.
The whole amount desired to render perfectly effi-
cient the apparatus I have referred to, will hardly
exceed thirty thousand dollars. I shall, at the
proper time, move such amendments to the light-
house bill as I believe to be essential to furnish
means for the better preservation of life and prop-
erty from shipwreck. I trust that gentlemen will
see sufficient merit in the propositions to give them
the ir support.
But, sir, something more is needed upon our
coast by the commerce of the country than men,
however heroic they may be, or boats, whatever
may he their construction. These, at best, can
but lessen the horrors of a wreck. Without asafe
and convenient harbor to fly to upon the ap-
proach of danger, in spite of all the appliances
you may distribute upon the seaboard, every
month will still bring with it distress and disas-
ter; every storm will continue tostrew ourshores
with wrecks. Our small coasting vesselsdare not
put to sea during our heavy northeastern gales,
but keep near the land, trusting to find some creek
or cove to run into, where they may anchor in
comparative safety. But, unhappily, on our whole
seaboard, from New York to Norfolk, there is no
harbor that can be called safe for such vessels. A
bill, sir, is now upon your Calendar, the object
of winch is to provide them such a shelter. The
Committee on Commerce have reported unani-
mously in favor of constructing a breakwater har-
bor under Cape May, and have asked for it an
appropriation of $50,000. Nor have they come
to this conclusion without due deliberation. The
embarrassed state of the public Treasury has
made them averse to any measures, involving an
expenditure of money, which were not deemed
absolutely essential to the publicgood. It is my
purpose, sir, in the few remarks I have yet to
submit to the House, to invoke its favorable ac-
tion upon the bill which they have reported.
More than twenty years ago, when the com-
merce of the country was scarcely half what it
now is, the necessity for such a work was brought
to the attention of Congress. In 1836 an appro-
priation was voted for a survey, of which, by the
direction of Mr. Poinsett, then Secretary of war,
Major Bache had charge. He accomplished his
task with fidelity^ and his report, in which lie
urges strongly upon the Government the propri-
ety of this undertaking, accompanies the report
of your committee. Since that period, the matter
has been repeatedly urged here; but, thus far,
without success. Other matters, deemed to be of
higher importance, have occupied the attention of
the national Legislature. The voicc of the poor
sailor, struggling against storm and tempest, has
not been heard amid the din. of party warfare
which is waged in these Halls.
