1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Ijecompton Constitution—Mr. Durkec.
Senate.
cordant, more uniform, than it is at this day on
the subject of southern rights and the menaced
aggressions on the part of a party in the North. '!
I trust that my northern friends, on this or the j'
other side of the Chamber, have not appropri- I
ated what I have said in respect to northern sen- !
timent to them, or to the constituents whom they !
faithfully represent. I feel that they are my |
friends; that they are the friends of the South; ;
and what is more, far more creditable to their !
statesmanship and their patriotism, they are the j
friends of the Constitution. I feel that they are ]
moral heroes in this strife, who are entitled not
only to the thanks, but to the respect, to the love, j
and the admiration of southern men. They stand ,
as sentinels on the outer wall of the Constitution, ]
resisting the assaults which, if successful, must I
overthrow the temple of the Union. They have j
been driven, I know, to the extremest verge, and !;
are now menaced with destruction by that tide 11
ofpopularfanaticism which threatens to submerge
everything thatis sacred and dear in the memory
of the past, or in the promises of the future.
They have displayed a courage which is higher
and nobler than that of the mere man of bone and
muscle and strong heart, who, like the beast of
the field, may display his prowess in physical
encounters. They have displayed that high moral
courage which distinguishes man from the brute.
In any remarks that I have made about the un-
constitutional and radical doctrines in the North,
I have not intended any allusion to, far less any
imputation upon, them; but I have spoken upon
the propositions which have been announced in
the Republican platform, upon the principles
which have been advocated upon this floor, and
upon the distinct enunciation which has been
made here that this war is never to cease; that
from the great northern hfte the freemen of the
North are to pour down upon the South, as to a
banquet of victoryf in vindication of the rights of
free labor, and the extermination of slavery. It
has been in reply to such sentiments, to such as-
sertions of purposes, and such prophecies of the
future, that I have endeavored to respond.
Mr. President, I had no thought of saying thus
much. I regret exceedingly that I should have
unwittingly provoked the remarks of the Senator j
from Texas. I
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I am opposed ,
to the extremely improper sentiments uttered m
the North, as I am in the South. I am opposed j
to both extremes; I favor neither. There is a mid- j
die ground; and there we shall find rectitude and
propriety and all that is desirable. It was not the j
gentleman personally that I wished to rebuke. I j
referred to his sentiments. Since he has made ;
allusion to my State, I will say a word on that
point. I grant him, very truthfully, that I have
received an earnestand gratifying assurance from
my constituents that they intend to relieve me
from further service here. I say gratifying, for
in the recent election they beat me; and it is grat-
ifying, as I had every disposition to retire, on the
4th day of March next, from public life. How
it was brought about I can not exactly tell. I
know that I had a chevalier and ex-President
mounted with boots, spurs, and whip, and a hind
rider from Illinois, both after me ever since I voted
against the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and that was
enough to break down an old gray horse. [Laugh-
ter.] Besides, all the Federal influence was mar-
shaled, drilled, and prepared for the combat,and
I was defeated. I am very much obliged to my
State because they have not disowned me m beat-
ing me—they have only preferred another. I have
this further assurance, that I made the State, but I
did not make the people; and if they do wrong, the
State still remains in all its beauty, with its splen-
did and inviting prospects, with nothing on the
earth to surpass it in climate, soil, and produc-
tions, all varied and delightful. It remains the
same beautiful Texas. 1 made it. I did not make
the people. They came there and they are there;
but the State remains, and I am a citizen of it.
The gentleman says he loves Alabama-because
he was born there. Sir, I, too, love Alabama; I
have endearments of the most delicate character
connected with Alabama. More, sir, when it was
an unbroken wilderness, forty-four years ago;
when the savage and the wild beast roamed over
it, and every man who went there had to go with
his life in one hand and his weapons of war in the
other; it was there that I kindled camp-fires and
sat by them and kept vigils. I assisted in re-
deeming that land from a wilderness and a desert,
and I watered it with the richest blood of youth
that flowed in these veins. Ought I not to love
the South ? Yes, sir; I cherish every manly sen-
timent for the South; and I am determined that,
while I live in it, none of the fraternal bonds which
bind it to this Union shall be broken.
Mr. DURKEE. After the many and able
speeches which have been made on this Kansas
conspiracy in both Houses of Congress, it would
be idle in me to suppose that I could say anything
calculated to change a single vote on the final issue.
But there is a higher tribunal to which the friends
of "free Kansas" may be called upon to take .their
appeal—I mean the tribunal of public opinion;
and it is in anticipation of this contingency, as
not unlikely to be forced upon us, that I desire
to add my testimony against this monstrous in-
iquity. Too great indifference is still manifested
throughout the country in regard to this disturb-
ing element, which more than ever threatens the
integrity and perpetuity of the Union; and until
the whole people become aroused to the true na-
ture of this question, it were better that the dis-
cussion should go on.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut thinks
slavery might be left entirely out of view in this
discussion. Why, sir, it is the very gist of the
question on which we are about to vote, made
such by the advocates of the Lecompton con-
spiracy. Not one of them, on this floor or else-
where, will deny that it was to prop slavery, and
strengthen its influence, and increase its power !
in the Government, that this Lecompton scheme
was originally concocted. It is too late to plead
blindness in this respect. The avowals of south-
ern statesmen and southern Legislatures and con-
ventions, to say nothing of southern newspapers,
have been too frank to leave any doubts on this
subject. No, no, Mr. President; it is the slavery
question we are discussing, and that, too, in its
widest sense. It is that same question, notwith-
standing partisans in national convention assem-
bled have, over and over again, " resolved" it out
of Congress! And, sir, but for the nationaliza-
tion of slavery, which the framers of the Consti-
tution intended to be a temporary and local insti-
tution purely, our Federative Union might have
remained a political Eden to this day. It is the
only element of national discord which remains
to haunt us: and it is because the enemies of free-
dom have persisted in transferring this Satanic
question from a distant Territory to the national
Capitol, that this new contest has arisen, and dis-
cord been invoked into our otherwise peaceful
councils.
Not only have we the slavery question before
us, but we have it in its most startling and odious
form. Here, in this Lecompton constitution, and
its famous—shall I not rather say infamous—
" schedule," v/e have not simply the question
whether the colored race have any rights which
the white race are bound to respect; but we have
the strange and startling question propounded,
whether white men there have any rights which
white men here, in this Senate Chamber, are bound
to respect ? Sir, this treasonable constitution
which the majority of this body seem resolved to
force upon the people of Kansas, is nothing more
nor less than an attempt to enslave the freemen
of a whole Territory at a single blow ! This is,
indeed, slavery grown to manhood, and now
grasping for empire.
Mr. President, disguise the matter as we may,
if we pass the Lecompton constitution, which
shall force upon Kansas an organic law disfran-
chising a large majority of its inhabitants, it will
be worse than mockery to prate of the inalienable
guarantees of life, liberty , and the pursuit of hap-
piness. Nor can we fail, as a people, to suffer
for the wrong we may thus allow in utter disre-
gard of all sense of justice, and in direct opposi-
tion to every principle of our Constitution. We
shall assuredly realize, in the sequel, the truth so
often proclaimed by eminent and patriotic states-
men of our own and other countries, that we can-
not enslave a part of the community without en-
slaving the whole. And history, if it has made
more clear any one fact than another, has taught
us that in popular governments, where power is
constantly shifting, the majority may not safely
wrong the minority, nor the accidentally power-
ful those who happen for the time to bo powerless.
Not that the white people of Kansas are to be
bought and sold as slaves, but they will be de-
priyed of the right of self-government—a tyranny
which our forefathers considered too odious to bo
endured. The majority will be subjected to the will
and pleasure of the minority; and what that will
and pleasure may be, if sustained by Federal bay-
onets, can be gathered from the letter and spirit
of this whole Lecompton arrangement. Patrick
Henry, in his famous revolutionary speech, laid
it down as a safe rule that we may judge of future
conduct by the past. If this be true, what are we
to expect of the pro-slavery party in Kansas ?
To answer this question, sir, we have only to
turn to the code they dared enact when in legis-
lative authority—that code which honorable Sen-
ators, who now propose to invest them with this
new engine of tyranny, confessed a disgrace to
the country and to the age. Familiar as Senators
are with these infamous provisions, suffer me to
read an extract or two. Here, sir, we have the
twentieth section:
" If any free person, by speaking or by writing, assert or
maintain that poisons have not the right to hold slaves in
lilis Territory, or shall mtioduce into this Territory, print,
publish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into tins
Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated, in tins
Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or cneular,
containing any denial oCUle right of persons to hold slaves m
this Territory, such person shall be deemed guilty of felony,
and punished by iinpusonment at hard labor for a terra of
not le^s than two years."
Now, sir, let us see what is the punishment
provided for those who should disregard this pro-
vision. I will read it:
" Persons found guilty of violating the above enactments
shall be deemed convicts; and shall immediately, under the
charge of the keeper of the jail or public prison, or under
the charge of such person as the keeper of the jail or public
prison may select, be put to hard labor, as in the first section
of tins act specified, fto wit, on the streets, roads, public
buildings, or other public works of the Territory—Section 1,
page 146;] and eueh keeper, or other person having charge
of such convict, shall cause such convict, while engaged at
such labor, to be securely confined by a chain, six feet in
length, of not Jess than four sixteenths, nor more than three
eighths, of an inch link, with around ball of iron, of not less
than four,nor moie than six,inches in diameter, attached ;
which chain shall be securely fastened to th§ ankle of such
coavict witli <i strong lock and key; and &ucli keeper, or
other person having charge of said convict, may, if neces-
sary, confine such convict, while so engaged at hard labor,
by other chains, or other means, in his discretion, so as to
krepsuch convict secure, and prevent his escape; and when
there shall be two or more convicts under the charge of such
keeper, or other peison, sucli convicts shall be fastened
together by stiong chains, with locks and keys, dunng the
tune such convicts shall lie engaged m hard labor without
the walls of any jail or prison."—See%2d chapter, Midsection,
147tkpagCy Kansas Code.
And yet, sir, Senators are willing to clothe,
with newauthority, the very men who dared pass
such laws. Shame, eternal sliame, be upon us
for even the momentary entertainment of such a
purpose. Should this law pass, then assuredly
will the memorable words sent forth by the
Richmond Enquirer, during the recent presiden-
tial campaign, be indorsed by this so-called Dem-
ocratic Administration. I allude, sir, to the dec-
laration by that print, " that slavery is right,
natural, and necessary, and does not depend upon
difference of complexion. The laws of the slave
States justify the holding of white men in bond-
age."
We find in these " bogus" laws still further
evidence that the people of Kansas would become
the slaves of slavery, in the infamous provision
making slave hounds of freemen! If this does
not comc inside the slavery question, I am at a
loss to know what would. And might not even
worse be expected of this strong partisan pro-
slavery minority, should it be invested with State
authority, and backed by the Army ?
Mr. President, it is painful to believe that the
Chief Magistrate of this great Republic would
allow himseifto become a party to these treason-
able movements. Yet we cannot shut our eyes
to the fact that he is lending all the influence of
his position to carry out this project. Is it a part
of the price that secured his nomination? Of him
I will let speak a distinguished Democrat, the
first Governor of Kansas, and one who had al-
ways enjoyed the friendship and confidence of
Mr. Buchanan. It was addressed to the New
