1=59
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 19,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Durkee.
Senate.
York Evening Post. I ask for it the careful at-
tention of Senators. He says:
" I might go on with this catalogue and enumerate other
indications, if necessary, showing that the prevailing tone
of?the party is hostile to Kansas* but I consider it only
necessary toadd, that what I have saul relates to the North.
The South, where the great muss of the party is to be found,
makes no pretension, as a whole, to the advocacy of any-
thing but pure border ruffianism.
" What, then, have the free-State men of Kansas to ex-
pect from a Democratic Administration, even if presided
over by Mr. Buchanan ? If he could be left to act upon his
own impulses, unaffected by external influences, and free
from all pledges and obligations expressed and implied, the
case would be very different. But, unfortunately, this is
not so. His election would rightfully be considered a de-
cision against us, whatever may be his own ptivate feelings.
Ills offices at Washington, in Kansas and elsewhere, would
necessarily, to a large extent, be filled with our enemies.
JFiis information would come through a distorted medium;
ami, lastly, he could not aid us without having made up his
mmd to be abandoned and warred upon by his own party.
The South would charge him with violating Ins pledges, and
turn upon him with the bitterest hostility; and at least a
portion of the northern Democracy would follow their ex-
ample. He would thus be left without a party to support
his Administration, unless he should cast himself into the
arms of the .Republicans. We cannot, it seems to me, either
ask or expect him to do tin? upon a question where parry lines
are so plainly dt awn before thi-j election. Like all other men
in the same situation, lie mu.n obey the party sentiment on
which he is elected. That there are Democrats in Penn-
sylvania who are full of indignation againht the conduct of
the South in regard to Kansas, f am well aware; and that
they would use their influence to redress her wiongs, I am
well satisfied; but they are too few, in proportion to the
whole party of the Union, to sustain his Administration in
a war with his party. They have as yet been "unable to
make their opinions appear and he felt in the party, and, of
course, cannot do so hereafter. I honoi th$ir good inten-
tions, hut 1 cannot believe in their power.
" 1 repeat that I have been foi ml to these conclusions
after no slight struggle with my feelings and inclinations.
ShouldMr. Buchanan bo elected,and Ins Administration be
different from what my judgment compels rue to believe, 1
shall give it my cordial approbation, and my feeble, though
willing suppoit. As 1 believe now, I must "regard the Dem-
ocratic party as fully committed to southern sectionalism,
toward wh:ch, for some time past, it has been rapidly tend-
ing; and I quit it, well assured that my duty to my country
demands at my hands the &acn!icc of personal feelings."
Sir, could anything be more truly prophetic
than these words? And here I must express my
surprise that Governors Geary and Walker, and
Secretary Stanton, did not cxcrcise the foresight
of their predecessor in this " grave-yard of Gov-
ernors. " Had they foreseen the events so plainly
casting thojr shadows before, "what disappoint-
ment they might have been spared ! what morti-
fication and chagrin ! The President would have
been left to find more pliant executors of his will
than they (to their high praise and lasting honor
be it spoken) proved themselves to bo. It only
remained for thein to follow the example of Gov-
ernor Render, and quit forever a party thus com-
muted to outrage and wrong, or, at least, to refuse
allegiance to its will and behests at the present
juncture.
The public sentiment of the country and of the
world will sustain them with the plaudit, S£ well
done, good and faithful servants." In the name
of God and humanity, in the name of the freedom-
loving Slate which 1, in part, represent on this
floor, I thank them for what they have so fur done.
As cruel and barbarous as are the measures of
border-rufiian control in Kansas already cited, I
have even heard some argue their propriety and
correctness on the ground that slavery was estab-
lished by brute force; that its continuance was
guarantied by the Constitution of the United
States; and that that instrument necessarily per-
petuated the right to use that force, to any extent
necessary for its protection and maintenance,
utterly regardless of all law to the contrary! This
anomalous doctrine was new to me, and yet I can
not discover why it is not logical from the prem-
ises; and it occurred to me that both the Presi-
dent and his predecessor must have entertained
this same view; for how can their administration j
of affairs in Kansas be explained on any other ;
principle ? ,
The honorable Senator from Louisiana, the j
other day, said, that the slave trade was guaran-1
tied by the Constitution for twenty years. The
Supreme Court also advanced the same idea m 1
arguing the Dred Scott case. Alluding, of course,
to that clause which says, " the migration orim-,
portation of such persons as any of the States
now existing shall think proper to admit, shall
not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the j
year 1808," the court say,the right of proper-1
ty in a slave is distinctly and expressly affirmed
in the Constitution. The right to traffic m it, like
an ordinary article of merchandise and property,
was guarantied to the citizens of the United States,
in every State that might desire it, for twenty
years." Now, Mr. President, with all deference
to the great names who have put forth this argu-
ment, I must be permitted to say that I am not
able to discover the least shadow of guarantee to
slavery, or the slave trade, in this clause of the
Constitution. This prohibition was, in effect, a
refusal on the part of the States to confer on the
new Government they were about to construct,
jurisdiction over the slave trade until the year
1808. In the examination of this subject it should
be borne in mind, that the delegates of the con-
stitutional convention represented the sovereign-
ties of States, and were about establishing a new
Governmentanddelegatingto it certain powers of
jurisdiction. The Constitution,as then drafted,
would, without this provision, have conferred im-
mediate jurisdiction on Congress, as the tenth
clause in the eighth section authorized Congress
li to define and punish piracies and felonies on the
high seas, and offenses against the law ofnations."
So that, all we can make out of this clause, as I
understand it, is merely the settlement of a ques-
tion of jurisdiction. A guarantee presupposes a
pledge to aid, if necessary, in theaccomplishment
of some purpose. The Constitution contains no
pledge, either on the part of Congress or the
States, to engage, or in any wise support, the
slave trade.
To illustrate more fully my meaning, suppose
there had been another provision added to the
Constitution, like this: that piracies and felonies
on the high seas shall not be prohibited by Con-
gress prior to the year 1808: no one, in such
case, would contend that the Constitution guar-
antied piracy and felony for twenty years; and
yet it seems to me there would be as much pro-
priety in doing so, as in saying that it guarantied
the slave trade for twenty years. But it is not
my purpose to enter into an extended argument
of this subject: tt belongs to another class of Sen-
ators more competent to'the task. Mr. President,
1 have to congratulate myself and the friends of
freedom, that the leading statesmen of the South
have placed this question on higher ground than
the Constitution — the ground that slavery is
right in itself. You say, and say correctly, that
slavery should be maintained in its integrity, or
abandoned; that if wrong, it ought to be abol-
ished. Now, since you consent to go into a court
i of equity, I trust you will not refuse to abide the
' verdict that may be rendered after a fair adjudi-
cation. You place great reliance on the opinion
of the United States court in the Dred Scott case.
In view of the admission that you are willing to
abolish slavery if it be wrong, independent of
j the Constitution, allow me to call the attention of
Senators to a careful reading of this Dred Scott
decision. The court, in arguing this case, say:
"The language of the Declaration of Independence is
equally conclusive.
u It begins by declaring mat—
When m the course of human events it becomes neces
sary for one people to dissolve the political bands which
have connected them with another, and to assume among
the Powets of tin- earth the separate and equal station to
which the laws of nature and nature's Cod entitled them,
a decent respect for the opinions of mankind requires that
they should declaic the causes which impel them to the
separation.1
" It then proceeds to <?ay:
We hold these tiuths to be self-evident: that all men
are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator
with eeitam unalienable rights; that among them is life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure thc-e
rights Governments are instituted, dei mng their just powers
from the consent of the governed.1
" The general woids, above quoted, would seem to em-
brace the whole human family; and, if they were used m a
similar instrument at this day, would be so understood." '
| As much as to say the morality of our day would j
! give a literal construction to the Declaration of j
1 Independence, and secure freedom to all.
j Sir, this admission is creditable to the court,
; and pays a just tribute to the humanity of the age,
; It is an acknowledgment, by the highest judicial
I tribunal of the country, that the principles by
; which slaveholders retain this unfortunate class
{ of men in bondage are incompatible with the moral
| sense of the American people. Here, then, Sen-
i ators, in a court of equity, the decision is against
you. It rejoices my heart, not only to hear the
Supreme Court, but the great mass of the people,
reiterating those undying principles embodied in
the Declaration of Independence. Sir, the exper-
iment of a free Government has not proved a fail-
ure. These principles are immortal; they can
never die.
Mr. President, we have indeed arrived at a
most exciting and critical period in the history
of this slave-extension controversy. The whole
subject is now rescued from the slimy atmos-
phere of compromises, and placed in the hands of
men who are honest and determined in purpose.
They will yield to no compromise that violates
principle. Wc are now sure of a living issue,
until a final, and, I trust, a happy termination of
this question which has so long debased the peo-
ple and distracted the national councils. The
issue seems to be fairly made and clearly under-
stood—freedom of the people on one side; despotic
rule on the other. The constitution you seek to
adopt disfranchises a large majority of the citi-
zens of Kansas by its test oaths. This feature
alone makes it an anti-republican instrument. It
was submitted in legal form for adoption or re-
jection. It was repudiated by four fifths of the
people. The facts are established by the Presi-
dent's own agents. With the permission of the
Senate, I will here read an extract from a letter
of Governor Walker. The Governor says:
" Forthefirsttime in our history, an efFoitisnow made to
force a constitution and government upon an inchoate State
against the well known will of a large majority of its people.
Nothing can be more clear oi conclusive than the evidence
demonstrating the (act that an overwhelming majoutyof
the people of Kansas are opposed to the Lecompton con
stitution. This is indicated by the disfranchisement of hah
the counties of Kansas in the election of delegates to the
constitutional convention; by the skeleton vote given to
those delegates, averagmg^not more than thirty foi each;
by the withholding of the constitution by rhe convention,
against their well known pledges, from the people ; by the
result of the election of the Terntotfal Legislature, in Oc-
tober last, when both parties participated ; by the miserable
frauds and forgeries perpetrated by the minority, to supply
the place of the real electois, and finally rendered certain
by a majority of ten thousand against the constitution, in
the election holden on the 4th of January last.
u The most vital of all the rights of a State is the estab-
lishment of a constitution, and if this right can be disre-
garded by Congress, the whole doctrine of State and pop-
ular sovereignty is discarded and overthrown. In doing
such an act, we are setting a most latal precedent; we aie
undeinnmng the very pillars upon which repose the whole
fabric of popular liberty. We are. permitting a small minor-
ity to supersede a majority m fiaming a State government,
and Congress is becoming the oliy and accomphec of that
minority m overthrowing the ughta of the people. These
are solemn and momentous questions; the real issue is,
shall the minority or the majority of the people of a State
frame then government. That is <i vital question; it in-
volves the pieeise difference between demociacy awl oh-
gaichy, monarchy or despotism. It is the first, and, I fear,
the last step towards the overthrow of ouricee institutions;
and if this can be done now, and by an authority so high as
Congress, what will be the demand next made by the mi-
nority ? Why, that they, the minority, shall control not
only Kansas, hut the Federal Government, under threats of
overthrowing the Constitution and the Union. If submis-
sion is now yielded to this doctrine, it is very plain to me
that the Federal Government itself must pass into the hands
of a minouty, and that the great fundamental pnncipie of
the Constitution must be overthrown and subverted. I can-
not, by ?i single vote, for a solitary moment, sanction a doc-
trine which mu>t gradually undei'nnne our system, and lead
directly to anarchy or despotism.
" It is not the cause of Kansas alone on which we are
now dclibeiating, but upon a great fundamental principle
which Hiiovv to he sustained or subverted. That princi-
ple comes home to the heart ana judgment of every elector
in the Republic. Shall the elective franchise beeome an
empty foi m? Shall the votes of the majority prevail, or shall
thev be superseded by technical quibbles, unworthy the con-
sideration of statesmen, or by an organized system of frauds
and forgenes ? Shall the most clear and palpable evidence
which would carry conviction to the breast of any honest
judge orjury, be suppressed orsuperseded by crimes which
should condemn their authors and accomplices to disgrace
and punishment? There is a great moral, as well as a politi-
cal question involved in this controversy. We are asked, not
only to sanction the overthrow of a great fundamental prin-
ciple of public liberty and the Constitution, but to approve,
also, a series of frauds and forgeries, the most palpable and
the most wicked which have ever disgraced any age or
country, and thus forfeit our own self-rcspect, and that of
the whole civilized world, which must be the spectators of
this infamy. If there be any cihne which is more atrocious
than any other, it is the forgery of election retuins, and es-
pecially in an election involving all the dearest rights of a
free people, in the establ ishment of a State government. It
is now proved mconfestably, by legal evidence, taken on
oath before legislative committees, that m four precincts
only m Kansas, where more than three thousand votes were
pretended to have been given, that four fifths of the whole
were entirely fictitious, and that the returns were forged
and fraudulent. No man can or dare deny this testimony.
From an intimate and personal knowledge of each and every
one of these precincts, I know that this testimony is true:
