1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
incurred. The Government disapproved of his
course, and he was not reappointed to office, or
perhaps he was dismissed before the close of his
term. I am not sure about .that; but I know that,
if he was not dismissed, the President declined to
reappoint him, and that he has gone out of office
in consequence, as I understand, of his having in-
curred .these liabilities exceeding the appropria-
tion made by Congress for the service committed
to his charge. The Secretaryof the Interior rec-
ommends this appropriation in Executive Docu-
ment No. 41. He says:
« In the estimates of this Department, submitted to you
with my letter of the 7th of November last, was an item
($220,01)0) ' lor suiveying the public lands and private land
claims in California, including office expenses incident to
the survey of claims, and to be disbursed at the rates pre-
scribed by law for the different kinds of work, being the
amount of surveying liabilities incurred by the surveyor
general during the fiscal yeai ending June 30,1857, over and
above that authorized under the appropuation of $50,000 for
that period.'—(See printed estimates, pages 119 and 150.)
As this item appears not to have been included in the esti-
mates communicated bv you to Congress at the opening of
the present session, I liave the honor now to mvite your
attention thereto, and to request that the oversight may be
corrected."
The next item is:
" For payment to clerks temporarily employed in the Post
Office Department, on account of the extraordinary labors
connected with the jottings of new contracts for the term
commencing on the 1st July, 1858, $3,311 89."
* The explanation of this item will be found in
Executive Document No. 51. The Postmaster
General states, as the reason for asking this sum:
" In the first place, the advertisement of three thousand
two hundred routes had to be prepared; then these routes,
with the names of all the post offices supplied, must be care-
fully regi&teied, for which purpose fifteen folios are required.
After the tune for receiving bids expire, they must all be in-
dorsed, carefully examined, and recorded—numbering many
thousands. Then separate acceptances are sent for each
route, and duplicates filed. Duplicate contracts mubt al&o
be prepared and sent out, making six thousand four hundred,
which, upon being executed, are all again examined and
recorded. And all this work must be done by the 1st of
July, in addition to the ordinary current business, which is
sufficient to occupy the regular force of the Department."
The next item is a sum of $1,469,173, to sup-
ply deficiencies in the revenue of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1858.
f refer gentlemen to Executive Document No.
43, for information on this subject. On the second
page of that document will be found a statement
which shows the revenues and expenditures of
the Department, and which shows the precise bal-
ance that is embraced m this item uf the bill.
' The Postmaster General says:
" The aggregate sum appiopriated bv the act of Congress,
approved March 3, 1857, (Statutes, thud se^ion Thirty-
Fourth Congress, p. 188,) m the regular expenditures ot
the Department for the fiscal year ending June 30,1858, ex-
clusive of the transportation ot foieign mails, of payments for
foreign postages, and to letter carriers, was $11,173,247 00
For tian^portation of the mails across the
Isthmus of Panama, Statutes, third ses-
sion Thirty-Fourth Congress, p. 2-19  135,000 00
For the tiasportation of the mail between
Charleston and Havana, Statutes, third
session Thirty-Fourth Congress, p. 219... 50,000 00
For the uautpouation of the mails between
New Yoik and Havre, and New York and
Bremen, under the new contracts author-
ized by the act* of J uly 2,1836, section 23,
Statutes, vo! p 86, and Maich 3,1845,
Statutes, vol. 5, p. 748, a sum riot exceed-
ing   
For payments to letter can ici s, act March 3,
1851, section 10, Statutes, vol. 9, p. 591;
estimated at 
For payments for foreign postages, act 16ih
September, 1850, Statutes, vol. 9, p. 461;
230,000 00
165,000 00
estimated at..
300,000 00
Total of expenditures $12,053,217 00
"The means relied upon to defray the
foregoing expenditures consist of—
1. The balance standing to the credit of the
Department on the Auditor's books on the
1st of July, 1857 $-1,163,886 00
2. The estimated gtoss reve-
nue of 1858, including for-
eign postages and receipts
fiom letter carriers  7,795,188 00
3. Balances of appropriations
remaining in the Treasury
subject to the requisition of
the Postmaster General.... 3,625,000 00
 10,58-1,074 00
" Estimated deficiency year ending June
30,1858     $1,469,173 00
" Since this Department has been made to depend upon
the Treasury for a portion of the means necessaiy to defray
its expenditures, it appears to have been the practice in esti-
mating for the deficiencies of a coming fiscal year, to ask
only for an amount deemed sufficient to pay expenses until
the meeting of the next session of Congress, and then to
submit an estimate for such further sum as theservice of the
yeai may-he found to require. Following this rule, the sum
of $2,500,000 was asked for and appropriated for deficiencies
in the year ending June 30, 1858, btatutes, third session
Thirty-Fourth Congress, p. 189; and the estimate now pre-
sented is for the means which will be needed for the re-
mainder of the year."
The last item of this bill, I have no doubt, will
give rise to a good deaFof objection, and probably
a good deal of controversy, when this bill comes
to be considered by sections. It is this:
"Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the accounting
officers of the Treasury be authorized and directed to allow
credit to the Clerk of the House of Representatives for such
payments out of the contingent fund as have been or may
be made under the authority of the House of Representa-
tives, during the last Congress: Piovided, That said allow-
ances shall have been duly approved by the Committee of
Accounts: And be it further provided, That said allowances
be paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropuated."
Just here, before it escapes me, I will remark,
that when this section comes up, I propose to
move to strike out the words, " allowances au-
thorized by the House of Representatives," and
to insert " resolutions passed by the House of-
Representatives;" and to strike out the word " al-
lowances" where it occurs afterwards, and to in-
sert " resolutions."
My reason for this is, that I am inclined to
think, from an examination of the facts in connec-
tion with the matter, that the chairman of the
Committee of Accounts of the last Congress, not
by virtue of any resolutions passed by this House,
or laws passed by Congress, seemed to have con-
sidered it his duty and his right to pass upon all
accounts presented to the committee. He did
pass upon such allowances as I have mentioned,
which were subsequently paid by the Treasury.
I come to this conclusion from an examination
of the reports on the finances of 1856-57.
It will be recollected that, at the close of the last
session of Congress, sundry resolutions were
passed giving compensation to various officers
and various employes about the House, some
specific and some general. These resolutions,
numbering some four or five, embraced different
classes of employes, to whom was given twenty \
per cent, extra compensation. Now, sir, while I 1
do not know the fact, I say, from the best inform-
ation I can get, from an examination of the state-
ments made in the reports of the Secretary of the
Treasury, that there are some allowances here
made, which are not justified by any resolution
which* has passed this House, or by any law
which has passed Congress. I notice here, in the
first place:
" For additional compensation for settling nnrt adjusting
the outstanding bills nmlei the book resolution, found on
file in the office which belonged to my predecessor, $750."
Now I find that wherever an allowance is made
under a resolution of the House or law of Con-
gress, the authority is always referred to specific-
ally by its date in the statement which precedes
the receipt. In this case, 1 find no such refeience,
cither to the lav/ or to the resolution of the House
directing the payment of this money out of the
contingent fund, or any other fund to which it is
chargeable. This is only my conclusion. I do
not know how the facts may be; but, from the in-
formation I have, I think I am warranted in draw-
ing this conclusion from the manner in which
these items are stated in this report. I refer gen-
tlemen to this report from page 82 to page 89, for
information on this subject. INow in the very
next item for Mr. Barclay, it reads:
"For compensation allowed by thejesomtinn of the
House of Representatives of Mmch 3, 1S57, $o,706 9/. |
But in the next item, there is no resolution re- j
fevred to. Then I refer to the item for Mr. Ingram:
'• For services as cleik to the Committee of Accounts of
j the Thirty-Fourth Congress, §650."
! Now, sir, there is 110 law or resolution author-
! izing the Committee of Accounts to pay Mr.
i Ingram for this service.
Then is an item for Mr. John Bailey:
« For compensation for additional service as clei k in the
office of the House of Representatives ot the Drilled frtates,
twenty-five dollars a month, from the 1st ot May, lbou, to
June 30, 1853, being thiity-eight months, 5>0oi).
Now, sir, I see no reference to any resolution
or law authorizing this money to be paid; nor
have I been able to find any resolution or law of
Congress which authorizes the payment of this
money to Mr. Bailey. I understand he is a mere
assistant clerk in the Clerk's office, and entitled
to no additional compensation for any services.
Now, sir, unless I can get some information
which shall satisfy me that these allowances
were properly made, I cannot vote to giveithem
credit for these allowances. No#-, sir, I blow
there will be objection upon the part of many-of
our friends to this section of the-bill;, but, sir,, it
strikes me the objection ought to have been made
at the time the resolutions were passed in ih^ last
Congress giving.the extra compensations I op-
posed those resolutions; but now I-concur with
the Secretary of the Treasury in recommending
an appropriation for the payment iof the parties
embraced in the resolutions. Besides these claims,
there are, I understand, others which have Keen
authorized by resolution, which have not .been
paid.  
The Secretary says, on the eighty-fifth pages
" There are other claims, as I am informed, which have
not been presented, of a similar character.
" A portion of these payments were made under resolu-
tions of the House, directing the Clerk to make them. The
othprs wftie made under the direction of the Committee of
Accounts of the House; all of them were made out of the
contingent fund of the House. Upon this statement offacts,
the question arises, shall the Clerk be allowed credit .for
them by the accounting officers of the Treasury in tU'e set-
tlement of his accounts ?"
And then again: after ^oing on to examine the
various laws now in force, and having satisfied
his own mind that those laws prohibited him from
allowing the extra compensation provided under
these resolutions, the Secretary closes his report
in these words:
"The greatest reluctance I have felt in coming to this
conclusion arises from the apprehension that injustice may
be done to the persons whose claims have thus been recog-
nized, and the officers of the Senate and House, who have
acted in good faith in complying with the directions of their
respective Houses.
" I have no doubt that these officers have so acted, and
in refusing to settle their accounts no imputation is intended
to be thrown upon their official conduct.
" J n paying these accounts,they have only done what they
were required to do, and what long-established usage justi-
fied them in doing. Under such ciicumstances, they should
be protected from any loss or injury, and I have no doubt
Congress will do it. The accounts must be suspended,
however, until the meeting of Uongiess, when I will rec-
ommend the passagcofalaw authorizing the Department to
pass them.
"In this way, these officers can be amply protected, a
wise and good law vindicated, and a bail practice cor-
rected."
Mr. MASON. I will ask thegentleman whether
he undertakes to say that these have been jsaid ? .
Mr. LETCHER. I undertake to say that I
have made an inquiry of two I have fallen in with
this morning, both of whom say that they have
been paid. I undertake to say further, that this
record contains, upon its face, the receipt of these
parties for the money, and the Secretary of the
Treasury avers that these receipts are on file in
the Treasury Department.
Mr. MASON. In opposition to that, I have to
say this: when I was last in the Committee of
Accounts there was a large number of applica-
tions from employes of the liouse asking for the
payment of this money, because it had not been
paid by the Clerk of the House. In deference to
the opinion expressed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, that the claims were illegal, we did not
pay them. Some had been paid, but the Clerk
subsequently deducted the amount paid from the
monthly pay. These parties, too, are applicants
for repayment.
Mr. LETCHER. Who were they?
Mr. MASON. I do not recollect. The clerk
in the Sergeant-at-Arms's office was one. Mr.
Buck has also been before the committee for the
allowance of his claim. It was rejected. He filed
an argument for a reconsideration, but it lias not
been granted. I understand that the Clerk declined
to pay these claims, because he was afraid that if
he did so he would lose the amount.
Mr. LETCHER. What was the amount of
that of Mr. Buck ?
Mr. MASON. Ilis was $340. I can send to
the committee room and get that, and also his
argument.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman is after a
horse of another color. . -
Mr. MASON. It was under a resolution of the
last House, passed on the last night of the last
session *
'Mr. LETCHER. I refer to the receipts that
the Secretary of the Treasury sends here. On
page 83, there is a receipt from Mr. Buck tor
■ $43 20, ill full of the above account; and that is
i one of the suspended items.
