154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Foot.
Senate.
the returnsofihe January State election, and who
will probably let the world know the result just
when he gets ready, is a northern man—origin-
ally, as I understand, from the State of Massa-
chusetts. Governor Ransom, the late candidate
of the pro-slavery party for Delegate to the House
of Representatives in Congress, was originally
from my own State, and more recently from
Michigan, where he had filled the offices of judge
of the supreme court and Governor of the State,
and then terminated his political career in that
State as a defeated Democratic Free-Soil candi-
date for the Senate of the United States, in op-
position to General Cass. Henderson, Miller,
McLean, and others, the chief plotters and en-
gineers of the notorious Delaware Crossing
frauds, I am informed, we.re all northern men.
The very worst class of " border ruffians" in
Kansas; " the chief priests and scribes of the
Pharisees;" the active spirits and the file-leaders
of the pro-slavery or Lecompton party, and the
chief contrivers of the frauds and villainies which
have marked the history of Kansas for the last
three years, (I am obliged and yet ashamed to
confessit,) were from the free States. I am sorry
that it is so. i am sorry that truth and justice
require this admission. But I am aware, at the
same time, that it is no " new thing under the
sun." Slavery has always been accustomed to
do its most cowardly as well as its boldest works
of aggression through the agency of •northern
men. Let the responsibility and the accounta-
bility rest where they belong.
The late Secretary and acting Governor of the
Territory, himself, informed me that, upon going
to Kansas and becoming acquainted with the peo-
ple, and the condition of parties there, and with
their opinions and sentiments, he was not a lit-
tle surprised to find so many of the inhabitants
who had gone to that Territory from the southern
States—and some of them his old acquaintances
from Tennessee—now acting earnestly and vig-
orously with the free-State party—men born and
reared whore slavery existed, who had always
been pro-slavery men, and who wont to Kansas
the friends and the advocates of slavery. Hut
their own observation had satisfied them that the
highest interest and prosperity of the State would
be promoted by the exclusion of slavery—that the
country was vastly better adapted to free labor
than to slave labor. It was not that these south-
ern men had any prejudice against the institution
of slavery; but they'thoughtit not adapted to the
soil and climate of Kansas. I have also been told
by persons well acquainted with the state of feel-
ing and of parties in Kansas, that, if the question
whether it should be a free State or a slave State,
were submitted to those alone who had gone
there from the southern States, they would decide,
without the aid of a single northern vote, in favor
of making it a free State. I have no good reason
to doubt the correctness of this statement as an
index of the public sentiment there; and among
that class of citizens in the Territory, upon this
question. I will state another fact in this connec-
tion. I am informed, upon good authority, that
among the free-State members of the presentTer-
ritorial Legislature, three of them were originally
from the State of Virgmiaalone, while there were
but five of the free-State members of that Legis-
lature from all the New England States. These
facts alone, furnish an appropriate answer,and a
fitting rebuke to the persistent and reiterated as-
sertion that the free-State party in Kansas is made
up, in great part, if not quite altogether, of " north-
ern fanatics and Abolitionists," sent out under
the patronage of the <£ Massachusetts Emigrant
Aid Society." I repeat, then, that the question
of bringing Kansas into the Union under the con-
stitution recently devised at Lecompton, is not
one which divides the people, either in Kansas or
in the States, by old party lines, or by geograph-
ical lines.
It is not to be denied, however, that this is an
Administiation measure—most emphatically an
Administration measure—and urged on with an
infatuation as blind as it must prove to be fatal.
Yea, more, sir, if is urged on with a recklessness
and desperation of spirit as heedless and as de-
fiant of the popular sentiment of the country, as
it is recreant to the principles and pledges upon
which it was broughtinto power; or, as it is false
to the promises and assurances by which it lulled,
for a time, thestorm in Kansas, and inspired hopes
and expectations in the country, only to await, as
it would seem, the rekindling of the flames of a
still fiercer strife, and to meet the fate of a more
sad disappointment. This issue is urged on by
the Administration against the voice of remon-
strance and of warning from the great body of
the Democracy of the North, and from many of
its earliest and most efficient supporters at the
South; and has come to be made the touch-stone
of political fidelity to it, arid of political favor
from it. In the vigor and pertinacity with which
this obnoxious measure is urged on by the Ad-
ministration, we arc furnished with another and
striking exemplification of the ancient adage—
" whom the gods would destroy, they first make
mad."
But, Mr. President, the material question pre-
sents itself to our consideration—is this Lecomp-
ton constitution the act and deed of the people of
Kansas? Do they give it the sanction of their
approval? Sir, I undertake to say, what the whole
country knows full well to be true, that this con-
stitution is not the act and deed of the people of
Kansas, and does not receive the sanction of their
approval. And by the people of Kansas, I mean
the majority—the great mass of her bona fide in-
habitants—or, to speak perhaps with more tech-
nical accuracy, the majority of her legal voters.
I undertake to say that this constitution is but the
result, the bitter fruit, the logical sequence, if you
please, of a systematic scheme of violence and
fraud by which the people of Kansas have been
pursued, trodden down, and deprived of their
common rights as citizens and freemen; and by
which a small, unprincipled, and unscrupulous
minority have been able to usurp and to wield all
the powers of the territorial government. Sir, I
will not weary this body by a recital of the oft-
told tale of the wrongs and injuries, the subjuga-
tion, and the persecution of the people of Kansas.
They arc all familiar to the country, or, at least,
to those who arc willing to know this truth of what
it answers a better purpose, for the moment, in
others to deny. It is enough for this occasion to
say, that this dynasty of usurpation and tyranny
was installed in power by an armed invasion from
the border counties of a neighboring State, at the
first territorial election, on the 30th day of March,
1855, when the bona fide settleis of Kansas were
overpowered and driven from the polls in every
district save one, and the election was taken, by
force and violence, entirely out of their hands.
The truth of this fact has become historical. It
stands upon the authority of the incontrovertible
testimony of Governor Reeder, the investigations
of a commission from the national House of Rep-
resentatives, upon common notoriety, and upon
the admissions of the invading parties themselves,
when, upon their return to Missouri on the fol-
lowing day, according to the account given by
their own organ, published at the time in Weston,
they came in with music and banners and loud
huzzas, making public and boastful proclamation
that '< they had made a clean sweep of the Kan-
sas election." Well, sir, they did make a clean
sweep of that election. I am quite tempted to ask
here, what if the people of X^ennsylvania should
some time, by preconcert, and in organized and
armed companies, rush into Delaware or Mary-
land or Virginia, on election day, and " make a
clean sweep" of their legislative election? I put
the question, and leave it, unanswered, for your
contemplation. I leave the question to be an-
swered by those who deny our right to inquire
into these things, and who deny our power or
authority to apply any correction or any means
of prevention. I will only remark by the way,
that the case of a Territory, being under the pe-
culiar care and guardianship of the Federal Gov-
ernment, is much stronger than the case of a State.
With that spurious Territorial Legislature, was
inaugurated a reign of usurpation and of tyranny
over the people of that Territory which has no
Ij parallel in the history of the country, and which
I] has been maintained by a corresponding system
|i of fraud and violence, with the knowledge and
jj acquiescence, if not with the countenance and con-
ji nivance of the Federal Administration, and with
ii the aid of Federal troops, from that day to the
II parturition of the Lecompton convention;and this
usurpation, so maintained, is the natural parent of
the Lecompton constitution. Knowing whereof
I speak, and to whom and of whom 1 speak", I abate
not one "jot or tittle" fiom the full measure and
significance of these declarations.
A system of terrorism was thus established, un-
der which the most flagrant outrages were practiced
with impunity upon the proscribed free-State peo-
ple of Kansas. All protests against the illegality of
these elections were suppressed. A code of laws
was enacted by this spurious assembly in keeping
with its own origin and character, and in harmony
with the purpose of its creation, with a view to
maintain the ascendency of the minority over the
great majority of the people, and which aimed a
deadly blow at the fundamental principles of free
l government—which imposed its penalties upon the
freedom of speech; upon the freedom of the press;
upon the freedom of jury trial; and upon the free-
dom of suffrage; and which denounced the penalties
of felony against all who should call in question
the legal existence of slavery, or the right to hold
slaves in the Territory. This bloody code was
enforced by fitting instruments of the Govern-
ment, and with a spirit which seemed to exult
in Us own deeds of blood and barbarism. The
free-State men did not see fit to acknowledge the
authority of a Legislative Assembly foisted upon
them by a foreign invasion. They did not see fit
to recognize the validity or the binding force and
obligation of its enactments; yet, nevertheless, re-
fraining from all overt acts of resistance to them.
They could do no less. They could not acknowl-
edge the authority of that spurious Assembly, or
its acts. Had they made any such humiliating
submission to the demands of usurpation and tyr-
anny, they would have shown themselves un-
worthy the title and ymworthy the privileges of
American freemen.
In this condition of affairs, by a voluntary move-
ment of the people, and with a view of adopting
some peaceful measure of relief from the des-
potism under which they were then suffering, a
convention was holden at Topeka,in September,
1855, at which a constitution of State government
was framed; was submitted to the people at large;
was ratified by the popular voice; and was pre-
sented to Congress, with an appeal for admission
under it into the Union. That application was
rejected; these proceedings were denounced as rev-
olutionary and rebellious—rebellious, as against a
spurious governmental Kansas, set up by invad-
ers from Missouri!—and the name of" Topeka-
ites" has since been the slang phrase of vulgar
reproach to the majority of the people of Kansas.
It seems to have been quite forgotten that, in the
case of the admission of Michigan, a fundamental
condition of her admission had been rejected by
a regular delegate convention; and that, subse-
quently, another convention was formed by a vol-
untary movement of the people, and by the exer-
tion of their own power, which expressed the
assent of the people to the prerequisite condition;
and that, thereupon, she was admitted into the
Union. Congress said then, as we say now, that
mere forms and modes of proceeding in such cases
are not to be regarded as absolutely essential.
The material fact to be ascertained was, they said
then, as we say now, is it the will of the people ?
It matters little, they said then, as we say now,
how that will is expressed, or how it is ascer-
tained, provided, always, it be satisfactory, reli-
able, and certain. The ascertained will of the sov-
ereign people, by whatever mode or manner of
proceeding it may have been manifested, they
said then, as we say now, must be the rule and
the controlling law of the case.
The application of Kansas for admission under
that constitution was rejected, and no attempt has
ever been made to put it into operation. It was a
proper, peaceful, and not an unprecedented mode
of appealing to Congress for admission into the
Union, and for relief from the oppressions of an
alien government within her Territory. For this
act, and in not acknowledging the authority of the
government which Missouri had set up over them,
your President fulminates his anathemas against
the free-State people of Kansas, and denounces
them as rebels and traitors; as being " in rebellion
against the legally established government of the
Territory and its laws!" and the unfounded im-
putation is caught up and rung and reiterated
