106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
tec of Ways and Means, and I will explain to the
committee what it is. In the first place, it is to be
found in every Treasury note bill that has ever
been passed by Congress, so far as I have been
able to ascertain. I will read the clause, and then
the committee will understand what it is. It is
in section four, which reads:
The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized, with
the approbation of the President, [then comes the clause
which has been stricken out,] to'cause such 'portion of said
Treasury notes as may be deemed expedient to be issued by
the Treasurer in payment of warrants in favor of public
creditors, or other persons lawfully entitled to such payment
who may choose to receive such notes in payment atpar;
and the Secretary of the Treasury Ujurther atithorized, with
the approbation of the President, &c.
That clause, sir, has been stricken out by the
Committee of Ways and Means, or by the ma-
jority of the committee. 1 desire to have it re-
stored. It has always been in all former bills.
The Department is authorized by this bill, if it
becomes a law, to avail itself of $6,000,000 imme-
diately, and this clause enables them to use these
Treasury notes for the payment of the creditors
of the Government. It does not become neces-
sary to negotiate their loan. The clause merely
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
these notes to its disbursing officers for the pay-
ment of the debts of the Government; and that
would facilitate, at this particular crisis, very
much the movements of the Treasury Department
in the issue of this money.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I will ask the
Clerk to read a letter which has been addressed
by the Secretary of the Treasury to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and which sufficiently
explains itself.
The*letter was read, and is as follows:
Treasury Department, December 15,1857.
Sir: In my annual repoit to Congress of the 8th instant,
an explanation of the causes which would lead to the ne-
cessity ofsupplyingtbeTieasury with the means of piomptiy
meeting the lawful claims upon it was given. I stated that
fvsuch provision should be made at the earliest piacticable
period, as a failure of sufficient means m the Treasury may
occur at nn early day."
At the time I prepared that statement, the weekly expend-
itures were exceeding the receipts to an extent that induced
the opinion thus given. While the estimated amount of
importations justified the conclusion that the revenue for
the present year might be sufficient to meet the wants of
the government, yet the actual receipts into the Tiea^ury
in tune to piovide foi the wants of the public service were
dependent, not on the amount of meiehandise imported,
but the portion entered for consumption. At this tune there
is held in warehouse, in the city of New York alone, mer-
chandise subject to duty exceeding twenty-eight million
dollars in value, on which, when entered for consumption,
duties must be paid to the amount of more than six million
dollars.
The period when such payment of duty will be made may
be influenced by so many circumstances, that the public
ciedit should not be hazarded upon the contingency of its
happening in time to meet the liabilities which we know
must be provided for at an early day.
The amount now in the Treasury subject to draft is con-
siderably less than six million dollars. When we reflect
that balances must be kept in the hands of public officers
in every part of the United States, by whom drafts arc le-
quived to be paid, it will be leadily perceived that the hscai
operations of the Government cannot be cairied on with
convenience and security with a le^s sum m the Treasury.
The excess of the expenditures over the receipts is d.uly
reducing tins balance. I have been compelled to witluhaw
i'iom the Mint and its branches the amount usually kept
there for the purpose of facilitating the eonvcision of bul-
lion mto com for the benefit of depositors. Such with-
drawal neeessanly occasions an inconvenience to the coru-
meieial community which should be obviated whenever it
shall become practicable to do so.
It is proper to state that, m addition to the ordinary cur-
rent demands on the Treasury, the sum ofi$7;2-2,G52 29 mu.-t
be paid on the 1-st of January next for interest on the public
debt.
Iri view of this state of things, I have the honor to ask
your attention to the recommendation in my annual report
that authority be given bv law to issue Tteasury notes. I
think it important that Congress should act at once on the
subject, that the necessary arrangements may be made by
the 1st day of January to meet such public liabilities as be-
come payable at and before that time, and which cannot be
longer postponed.
Though the amount of $20,000,000 will not, in all prob-
ability, be needed at an eaily day,' if at all, yet it is deemed
best that the Department be authonzed to issue and keep
out that sum, should it be required by the public service.
The late of interest, for manifest reasons, should be left
discretionary with the Department, subject to the approval
of the President, but not to exceed six per centum per an-
num.
Very respeetfullly, your obedient servant,
HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of the Tiea&uiy.
Hon. J. Glancy Jones, Chairman ot Committee of Ways
and Means, House of Representat ives.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to call the attention
of the committeeto a circumstance which seems
to me to make it rather doubtful whether the
Administration desires, after all, to have this bill
passed. In the message of the President of the
United States, dated the 8th of December, I find
this remark on the first page:
" Under these circumstances, a loan may be required be-
fore the close of your present session."
On the seventh page, I find this remark:
" Thanks to the Independent Treasury, the Government
has not suspended payment, as it was compelled to do by
the failure of the banks in 1837. It will continue to dis-
charge its liabilities to the people in gold and silver. Its
disbursements in coin will pass into circulation, and mate-
rially assist in restoring a sound currency. From its high
credit, should we be compelled to make a temporary loan,
it can be effected on advantageous teims."
So says the President. He contemplates noth-
ing but the use of gold and silver; and if he has
not enough of that in the Treasury, he intends to
borrow it. This message of the President—and
I suppose he speaks for the whole Administra-
tion—is dated on the 8th day of December. Bat
here is the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, bearing date on the same day as the mes-
sage of the President, in which he says that he
is going to use nothing but gold and silver, and
that it is going to assist materially in restoring
a sound currency to the country; and what does
the Secretary of the Treasury say? I wish to
point out to the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means this discrepancy.
There is certainly something wrong here in regard
to the views of some part of the Administration.
I cannot make out which is the real turtle and
which is the mock one. The President says he
will have nothing but gold and silver. Now hear
what the Secretary of the Treasury says:
fk In the mean time, adequate mean* for meeting lawful
demands on the Tiea^ury should be provided.
Such provisions should be made at the earliest practicable
period, as a failure of sufficient means m the Treasury may
occur at an early day. The exigency being regarded as tem-
porary, the mode of providing for it should be of a tenipo-
raiy chaiacter. It is. therefore, recommended that author-
ity be given to this Department by law to issue Treasury
notes for an amount not. to exceed $20,000,000, payable
within a limited time, and carrying a specified rate of in-
terest, whenever the immediate demands of the public
scrvice may call for a greater amount of money than shall
happen to be m the Treasury, subject to the Treasurer's
diatts in payment of warrants.
The fact that such temporary exigency may arise from
ciicumstances beyond the foresight or control of this De-
partment, makes some adequate piovision to meet it indis-
pensable to the public security.v
So says the Secretary of the Treasury. *
Now, Mr. Chairman, I can explain this dis-
crepancy upon no ground but this: that we have
here two kinds of Democracy—theoretical Democ-
racy and practical Democracy. Theoretical De-
mocracy disdains Treasury notes; it would touch
nothing but gold and silver; practical Democracy
will use whatever it can get to answer its purpose.
If it has no gold and silver, it will issue Treasury
notes; or, perhaps, speaking more properly, I
should say that there are two Democratic dresses:
one is a parade dress, for State occasions, and one
a working dress, for working days. The gentle
men in the parade dress, who represent part of
the Democracy, will have nothing but gold and
silver; will touch nothing else than that. But the
other class of gentlemen come slipping in behind,
making very little noise, in their working day
dress, and will take what they get; whether gold
and silver, or Treasury notes. But, as the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means has
just remarked, that committee has taken out of
the bill that feature of it which alone gave it the
character of a loan bill. The original bill pro-
posed that these notes should go to increase the
debt of the nation, thus giving it somewhat the
character of a loan. But now, the President and
the Secretary of the Treasury fall back from gold
and silver upon notes; and they come into the
House here and propose that these notes are to be
kept in circulation as bank notes, and nothing
else.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not rise to
address the committee, but merely to state that it
is impossible for me to hear what is said on the
other side of the Hall, and to inquire whether my
colleague propounded any interrogatories to me?
Mr. RITCHIE. No, sir; I said nothing re-
quiring explanation, so far as my understanding
of it is concerned. I see that the gentleman is in
a dilemma. He must have these notes. I know
that perfectly well. I do not desire to throw ob-
stacles in the way of the operations of the Treas-
ury Department. I desired merely to call the
attention of the House and of the country to the
fact that the theoretical Democracy and the prac-
tical Democracy are two entirely distinct things;
and I desired to illustrate that by examples drawn
from messages of the President of the United
States and of the Secretary of the Treasury—both
messages dated on the same day, and brought to
the House at the same hour.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have no response
to make to that, because it is perfectly under-
stood.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to know whether the
bill has been read by sections, or whether it is
hereafter to be read by sections ?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will hereafter be
read by sections. It was read in externa yester-
day; and, so soon as the progress of the debate
will permit, it will be read by sections, subject to
amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I have an amendment which I
desire to offer at a proper stage of the bill. I
desire now to make a suggestion on the subject,
to which the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means has referred—that is, as to the rela-
tive bearing of this bill, and of those that have
been passed by Congress in previous years. He
has stated that this bill differs from that of 1847,
and from the bills passed in previous years, in
one or two particulars only. In my judgment,
it differs materially in more respects than those
which he has suggested. It differs from those
other Treasury note bills in the matter of prin-
ciple, as well as in the matter of details. I have
no reflections to make on the character of the
Administration as it regards its Democracy. I do
not know whether, as my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Ritchie] says, there are on the other
side of ihe House tv/o classes of Democracy, or
but one class. I only want to say, for myself
and friends on this side of the House, that what
he says in reference to Democracy has no refer-
ence to the Democracy on this side of the House.
The question of issuing Treasury notes has
been one regarded by all parties in this country,
from the beginningof the Government, as a mat-
ter of doubtful expediency, and dangerous in
principle; and the plan has never been adopted,
under any circumstances, when any other meas-
ure of relief could be immediately obtained by the
Government of the country. There is nothing
better established, upon the opinions of statesmen
of all parties and of all times, than that the resort
to a loan, in the form of Treasury notes, is a
matter of doubtful expediency and of dangerous
character. It has been so characterized by every
man connected with the Government of the coun-
try who has had occasion to pass judgment on
this question; but I know perfectly well that, at
different periods of the Government, Treasury
notes have been issued, and loans obtained in
this way for the use of the Government. But I
thinK that this will be found to be the truth in
regard to every single case of this kind—that it
has been a measure of necessity,and only adopted
after the Government had ascertained that the
relief which was necessary could be obtained in
no other manner, and in no other form. This is
as true in reference to the Tieusury note bill of
1847 or ]846 as it is to those of 1841 and 1849,
and to the Treasury note bill of 1837. In each
case the Government had ascertained that it was
impossible to obtain the relief that it desired to
obtain in any other manner or form (so far as I
can recollect the history of this question) than in
the form of Treasury notes.
Now, whatever doubt we may have in regard
to the expediency of this measure, as it concerns
principle or its details, if the Government of the
United States is, at this time, in such condition
that it can obtain no relief for its immediate ne-
cessities and wants, except through the issue of
Treasury notes, I, for one, am entirely willing to
give my vote for the issue, on that statement
being made. But it is not true, in my judgment.
I think ther^ never was a time when a loan for a
small amount, or for a large amount, for a short
time, or for a long time, could be obtained by the
Government of the United States better than it
can be at this day, I believe that the country is
richer to-day than it ever has been before. There
is more gold and silver coin in the country, by a
hundred million dollars, than whenever the Treas-
ury note question has been presented before.
The banking institutions of the country arc in a
