1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
better condition to-day than they were at any
period when the Treasury note question was pre-
sented by Congress to the country. Therefore,
if there could be a loan by the Government of the
United States, at this time, for a large sum or for
a small sum, for a short time or for a long time,
there is no apology for the resort to the issue of
Treasuiy notes on the principle of the Treasury
note bills of past times.
In 1837, it will be recollected b.y every gentleman
on this floor, theTreasury note bill was introduced
by the Administration, and sustained on the decla-
ration that a loan could not be obtained at par for
the use of the Government. It was passed on that
ground. Gentlemen who then supported the Ad-
ministration in this House took that ground. If
I recollect right, the gentleman who was then
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and the gentleman from Virginia who sustained
the measure at that time, put it upon the ground,
expressly and exclusively, that the Government
could not obtain the relief that it demanded by the
usual and proper course of a loan.
The same thing is true of the bills of 1841 and
1842. The Government of the United States had
applied for loans. The Administration of 1841
proposed a loan bill, but found it was impossible
to obtain a loan by selling the stock of the United
States at par; ana therefore, and on that ground,
the Treasury note bill was passed, and not—as
this bill is now presented by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means—as an ordinary
expedient for an ordinary relief of the Govern-
ment
And the same thing is true of the bill of 1847.
The country was then at war with a foreign na-
tion. The armies of tins country had then, for
the first time, undertaken to fight a battle upon
territory exclusively of a foreign nation. The Ad-
ministration had determined in their own judg-
ment that the relief which was necessary for the
Government at that time could not be obtained
by the proper manner of a loan upon the stocks
of the United States soon enough for the relief of
the Government. It was so stated,and Congress
therefore passed a Treasury note bill for that rea-
son, for the relief of ihe Government at that time.
But, sir, in that bill was incorporated the prin-
ciple of a loan. They provided that the President
of th%,UnitedStates should have authority to issue
the stocks of the United States for the whole
amount, or for as much of the $23,000,000 as
should become necessary for the Government, in
order, if it were possible, to obtain a loan upon the
stocks of the United States—the stocks at six per
cent, selling at par, that the President should
have no leason for issuing Treasury notes, which
had been declared by the eminent men of all par-
ties from the beginning of the Government as in-
expedient and dangerous in character, and false
in principle.
Now, sir, if there be an exigency of this kind
at this time, for one, I am ready cheerfully to
afford relief to the Government to the extent it
may desire, or the Administration recommend.
But, sir, I ask that this House shall, m the first
place, include, by inference at least, by a provis-
ion in this bill declaring that, unless it shall be
found necessary—unless it shall be impossible
and impracticable to obtain a loan upon the stocks
of the United States, there shall be no issuance
of Treasury notes to meet the wants of the Gov-
ernment. If it shall be found impracticable to
obtain a loan, then I am willing that authority
shall be given to issue Treasury notes.
Therefore, I ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. J. Glancy Jones,] and gentlemen
on the other side of the House, when they set
up the precedent of 1847 to sustain them in this
measure, that tfoey will incorporate into the meas-
ure the provision of the act of 1847, giving the
President authority to make a loan, if a loan can
be had upon fair terms, and throw upon him the
responsibility of issuing Treasury notes if he
shall choose to issue them without taking meas-
ures for first obtaining a loan. I ask, both upon
principle and upon precedent, that that provision
be incorporated into this act. It will relieve us
Democrats on this side of the House [laughter]
of some of the difficulties in our way in voting
for this bill, standing as we do upon the princi-
ples and the practice of the Government in all
past time.
But it is not in this respect only that this bill
differs from the act of 1847 to which we have been
referred. There is another, an essential and im-
portant difference, to which I wish to call the at-
tention of the House. The bill of 1847 was intro-
duced as a war measure. We were then, as I
have said, engaged in a war with Mexico. It was
not known to the Government, first, whether a
loan could be negotiated in time to answer their
purposes; arid, second, what would be the dura-
tion of the contest. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, who presented the
bill of 1847 some time in July, 1846 or 1847, (I do
not recollect precisely the date,) stated that if the
war should not be brought to a conclusion and
a treaty of peace established by the 1st of Decem-
ber following—not more than six months ahead—
then they should take the initiative of presenting
a bill for the issue of a loan upon the stocks of
the United States in the ordinary manner. It was
therefore a mere temporary measure to meet the
exigencies of the Government in time of war.
That bill, as I have said, provided first for the
issue of a loan upon the stocks of the United
States; but it went beyond that, and provided
that the authority to issue Treasury notes should
cease and determine upon a contingency named
in the bill—that six months after the clos'e of the
war with Mexico the authority to issue Treasury
notes should cease and determine.
Sir, if there was ever an occasion where unlim-
ited authority for the issue of Treasury notes
was warranted, it was under circumstances such
as then existed. We knew not what would be
the condition of the American army m Mexico.
It had been declared by distinguished statesmen
at the South, that it was impossible for American
troops to meet the Mexicans in their own terri-
tory, to which our ttoops were unaccustomed,
with even chances of success; and great doubt
was felt everywhere m the country, as gentlemen
well know, not only as to the issue, but as to the
time of the issue. We were then without funds,
and without a surplus in the Treasury to any
very great amount. And therefore, having war
upon our hands with a foreign nation, prosecuted
for the first time upon the territory of that foreign
nation, the duration of which we could not anti-
cipate or determine, I say, that if there was ever
a time when it would be proper to give the Admin-
istration full sweep, it was under circumstances
like these. But even in that case, and under cir-
cumstances like these, a limitation was placed in
the bill fixing the period when the power to issue
Treasury notes should cease and determine.
But, sir, if I have read the bill, which has this
moment been handed me by a page, there is no
such provision in it. It provides for issuing
Treasury notes to the amount of $20,000,000, and
that there shall not be more than $20,000,000 of
such notes outstanding at any one time. But
they are to be issued and reissued as they are
called in, for aught that is contained in this bill,
as long as the Government shall continue. There
is no limitation of time.
Now, sir, no man in this House can say,
looking to the condition of the country, and
looking to the prospects in regard to the con-
tinuance of the present difficulties, that this un-
usual and extraordinary source should be con-
tinued for more than three, two, or even one
year after the passage of this bill, if the author-
ity is given to the Administration at all. Under
the circumstances in which we are placed, if we
create this authority we should not extend the
limit of its exercise beyond the meeting of the
next Congress. There is no reason why such a
power should be given to the Administration to
extend beyond one year. The next Congress
should be allowed to say for itself whether it is
necessary to continue or repeat this act. In these
respects I say, Mr. Chairman, this bill differs ma-
terially from the Treasury loan bill of 1847.
Mr. COBB. I understand the gentleman to
say that these Treasury notes are asked at a time
when we are in a profound peace, and I rise now
to take exception to this, for, as I understand the
President's message, we will soon be at war
with the Mormons of Utah.
Mr. BANKS. That is impossible. We have
upon this floor a Delegate from the Territory of
Utah, in just as good standing, and with the
same rights, as the gentleman from Alabama.
No member here can say that we are at war with
Utah, bccause we have a representative from that
; Territory upon this floor, who "has been*ecog-
I nized by the House. There is a speck of war-5
\ but I will say to my friend that it is in another
direction and for the future, and that the Govern-
ment will not be relieved in that difficulty-by any
Treasury notes.
There are other points of difference between
the bill of 1847 and the bill proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means beside those named
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania and those I
have suggested. In the first place, the bill of 1847
gave the privilege to the holders of Treasury notes
to fund them if they chose. It gave to the Pres-
ident of the United States the authority to issue
stocks of the United States in lieu of Treasury
notes, if he thought proper. It also required—
an important provision in the then condition of
public affairs, but still more important in regard
to the provisions of this bill—the President of the
United States, at the beginning of each session
of Congress, to make a deliberate statement of
the issue of notes, of the redemption of notes^by
whom paid, how paid, when paid, and every cir-
cumstance connected both with the payment and
redemption of these notes. This information is
important to the House and the country. It is
certainly not included in this bill, and I think the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will admit that such
a provision ought to be in it.
I do not touch the question of the character of
the issue, whether it affects the hard-money cur-
rency of the country or the paper-money cur-
rency. 1 call the attention of tnegentleman from
Pennsylvania and the gentlemen of this House
to the difference simply between the bill of 1847
and this bill. At the proper place, I shall move
the following amendment!
Jlndbe it further enacted, That the President, if in his
opinion it shall be the interest of the United States so to
do, instead of issuing the whole amount of Treasury notes
authoiized by the fir>t section of this act, may hoi row, on
the credit of the United States, such an amount of money
as he may deem pioper, and issue therefor the stock of
the United States, bearing interest at a rate not exceed-
ing six pei centum, for the sum thus borrowed, redeemable
after the 30th June: Provided, however, That the sum so
borrowed, together with the Treasury notes issued by au-
thority of this act, shall not, in the aggregate, exceed tho
sum of ,$20.000,000: JUnd provided farther, That no stock
shall he issued at a less rate than its par value : J2>id pro-
vided farther, That the power to issue Treasury notes con-
ferred on the President of the United States hy this apt
shall cease and determine on the 1st day of January, 1859.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, I agree with
much that the gentleman from Massachusetts has
said, and it is for that very reason that I have
risen to express my surprise that he has indulged
in the complaints which he has just made. The
gentleman has said, and truly said, that the coun-
try was never in a more prosperous condition than
now, and he seems to doubt the necessity for con-
tinuing the issue of these Treasury notes. It is for
that reason, sir, that I think that Congress ought
at this time to prefer to supply the public neces-
sities by the issue of these Treasury notes, rather
than by resorting to loans on a long period of
credit. It may be, sir, that the Treasury will have
little or no occasion for such aid. It may be that
the imports into the country will continue to be
as large as they hare been for some years past,
and the revenue will be so abundant as to obviate
any necessity for a resort to a loan. My own
opinion on that subject, Mr. Chairman, is,that
there will be but a slight falling off in the public
revenues. I do not know the relation between
the exports and the imports of the last fiscal year;
but I do know that for the two preceding years
there was, what never has been before m the
history of the Government, an excess of exports
over the imports, of about $25,000,000. And
when you take into consideration the fact that
these exports are rated at the domestic valuation,
while the imports come to us with the addition
of profit, insurance, freight, and other charges, I
do not think I make an extravagant declaration
when I say that the public reports from the
Treasury will show that, upon the transactions
of these two years alone, the United States stand
before the world as the creditor nation to the
amount, perhaps, of $100,000,000.
This large indebtedness must be paid. It must
be paid either in specie or in merchandise; and
when we recollect that we are the great producers
of specie, and reflect upon the general derange-
ment of the business transactions of the country,
if we continue to import specie in addition to the
domestic supply, we must come to the conclusion
