108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
that this debt will be paid to us in merchandise,
thus filling the Treasury again, and providing for
all the possible wants of the Government. I say,
therefore, that there may be, for aught we know,
no necessity whatever for any loan. I trust that
it may be so; but at this time, sir, we are threat-
ened with adefioiency of revenues. It is import-
ant that the public credit shall be maintained; it
is necessary that the public wants shall be pro-
vided for; and it is proper, therefore, that discre-
tion should be given to the agents of the Govern-
ment, who, if they are trusted with the custody
of the large sums belonging to the United States,
may be very safely trusted also with the exercise
of this discretion of issuing Treasury notes, in
order, if necessary, to provide by this means for
the public wants.
If you resort to loans at a long period, what
will or what maybe the consequence? Why,
after having borrowed the money, it may appear
that there was no necessity for it, and that it can
be applied to no proper use, and the Government
will then be placed m the condition, where it was
only a few months ago, of purchasing its own
paper at a very heavy appreciation, in order to
save the unnecessary payment of interest. It
may be compelled to do again what it was but
recently obliged to do—that is, redeem its notes
at a premium of some fifteen or sixteen per cent.
You avoid this danger by the issue of Treasury
notes. You have the advantage, too, of issuing^
these notes in sums adapted to the exigency of
the moment. If you want them of small amount,
why you will issue but a small amount of notes.
It is not to be supposed that the Secietary of the
Treasury, upon his responsibility as a public offi-
cer, will unnecessarily plunge the Government in
debt by issuing a larger amount of Treasury notes
than the wants of the country require.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Ritchie,] who spoke a few minutes ago,
seemed disposed to taunt the Democratic mem-
bers with seeming or imputed inconsistency—for
it was rather an imputed inconsistency than even
a seeming one—in protesting in their theoretical
expostulations against a paper currency, while
practically they are found voting for the issue of
Treasury notes, which he described as a now form,
or another form of a paper currency. I am in-
clined to suspect, Mr. Chairman, that the argu-
ment thus used by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania was intended by him to have more weight
on this side of the House than that gentleman
would be willing to attribute to it himself. Dues
he object toa paper currency ? Is lie an advocate
of the hard-money system ? I do not think he is.
But the gentleman, perhaps, supposed tlmt his
chanting the virtues of a haid-money currency
would, at least, have an ed'ect here which it had
not on his own mind. But, allow me to ask, Mr.
Chairman, what sort of resemblance is there be-
tween Treasury notes bearing interest and a paper
currency ? Does not the gentleman know that
there is scarcely a single feature of resemblance
between these Treasury notes of the Government
and what he calls a paper currency? I think, sir,
it would be difficult to find a member in this Hall
more desirous to destroy, or, at least, to dimmish
the circulation of paper money than 1 am; and
yet it never occuired to me that there was the
slightest inconsistency between my wishes upon
that subject and my practice in the case now
before the committee.
Why, sir, the most earnest and eager opponent
of a paper-money currency has never questioned
the propriety and the necessity of going into debt
whenever debt becomes unavoidable; and when
you go into debt, it is not only proper, but hon-
est that some acknowledgment of the debt should
be given, and some pionuse to pay interest for
the withholding of the debt. VVliat more do the
Government do, sir, m the issue of Treasury
notes? Is this a paper currency? It is but the
borrowing of money; it is but the payment of the
public creditor by giving him an acknowledgment
of his debt, and promising to pay him interest for
the delay of payment.
Mr. BANKS. We know that it is borrowing
money, but it is the form of borrowing to which
we object.
Mr. MILLSON. But the gentleman has not
stated what there is objectionable in this flora of
borrowing, except that lie supposes these Treas-
ury notes will be uaed as currency. Now, I will
undertake to show that if we are to judge of the
future by the experience of the past, these Treas-
ury notes will not be used as currency—will not
go into the general circulation; and for the simple
reason that State bonds and the evidences of
ownership in the stock of your banking institu-
tions are not used as a general currency, because
they are bearing interest, and are worth more to-
day than yesterday, and will bo worth more to-
morrow than to-day; they have no certain ascer-
tained value; their value is perpetually changing;
they are not fitted for the purposes of currency
at all. We know very well, Mr. Chairman, that
when Treasury notes were issued some years ago
they were not used as a currency; they were pur-
chased as other public stocks were purchased;
they were generally sought after as means of
profitable investment of money. And so it will
be again.
When the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] interrupted me, I was proceeding to say
that the Government paid to its creditors, or to
such as were willing to receive them, these Treas-
ury notes. There is no obligation implied in
this bill for the reception of these notes. The
public creditors may refuse to receive them. We
know, Mr. Chairman, that in times past—and
the very bill before you contemplates the possi-
bility of a similar state of things existing here-
after—the Government has been wholly without
means of paying those who are in the public em-
ployment; they prefer to continue in the public
employment, even though they receive no money
and jiot even an acknowledgment of the debt due
them. What does this bill propose to do, sir, but
to give to those persons evidences of the public
indebtedness and to discharge the obligations of
honesty and morality by promising to pay them
interest upon the debts due them? That is all
I therefore think, sir, that there is a peculiar
propriety, for the very reasons assigned by the
gentleman from Massachusetts himself, 111 raising
this loan in the form of Treasury notes; and, sir,
if 1 could have heard the statement of the gentle-
man 's premises before he anticipated his conclu-
sion, I should have come to the belief that he
would have urged the issue of Treasury notes as
a means of raising the required sum of money
rather than a resort to a loan. Hut the gentleman,
as I conceive, with all respect to him, with a per-
fect disregard of the obligations of logic, ariived
at a conclusion which, as I conceive, is wholly
and irreconcilably at war with his premises.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What is the
question before the committee?
The CHAIR-MAN pro tempore, (Mr. Bocock
occupying the chair.) The bill has been read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoigia. There is 110
motion pending, then. I hope we shall take up
the bill by sections, and go to work regularly,
and have 110 more of this desultory discussion.
The CHAIRMAN" pro tempore. Debate has
not been closed upon the bill, but the first section
will be reported to the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, obtained the
floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Before we pro-
ceed further, 1 move that the committee rise for
the put pose of closing debate.
The CHAIRMAN pio tempore. If the gentle-
man from Maine will yield the floor for that pur-
pose, the gentleman from Georgia can submit the
motion; but otherwse, the floor cannot be taken
from the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I decline to
yield.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I did not know
the gentleman from Maine had the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire, with the
leave of the gentleman from Maine, to inquire of
the Chair whether, if the bill be now read by sec-
tions, the debate will be confined to the sections
winch have been read?
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. By 110 means.
Debate has not been closed upon the bill, and any
subject embraced 111 the bill is open to discussion.
The first section of the bill was then read.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the first sec-
tion of the bill, by adding to it the following pro-
viso:
Prom'ciU 'that tae powei to Tioa-'uiy no:e^, con-
leneii on tiie Prendciit o£ t!K UiuUMl Slate- b> "fhi~ act, aliall
eea^e and dcteinane 0)1 me ]M. dry of January, lb.}3.
air. WASHBURN, of Maine. I thmk that
the effect of the answer made by the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] is somewhat
broken by the consideration that he ignored en-
tirely the terms of the amendment. By that amend-
ment, as I understand it, it was to be left to the
discretion of the President of the United States to
say whether a loan should be substituted for the
issue of Treasury notes. Is not the gentleman
from Virginia willing to indorse that discretion
to the President of his choice ? The gentleman
from Virginia assumed that any loan which might
be authorized, or made under the authority of the
Administration, would be a loan for a long period
of time; whereas, by the amendment, the time was
notfixed, and, as I understand it, no time was con-
templated by the amendment. If there was a blank
in it, it might have been filled up by the House
hereafter, or discretion might have been given to
the Administration which, it seems to me, would
remove entirely the objection of the gentleman
from Virginia. Sir, in'all times past, gentlemen
of the school to which my friend from Virginia
belongs, have opposed this principle of issuing
paper promises by the Government, or by any
of the agents or instrumentalities'of the Govern-
ment. No political party in this country has been
so ready at all times to oppose any measure re-
sembling in principle that now before the com-
mittee.
Why is this change—this signal and marked
change? Why is it that these men who have
been always heretofore opposed to paper cur-
rency, paper money, and paper promises in any
form and in all forms, are now in favor of it, and
are unwilling to leave any alternative to the Ad-
ministration that they have put in power? Why
is it> There must be some reason, and perhaps
some reason that cannot meet the eye. There
would have been no necessity at all for the meas-
ure, had the Administration of the gentleman's
choice in past times been as prudent and as eco-
nomical, and as just to all sections of the country
as they should have been. We recollect, a few
years ago, when ten millions were voted by this
H ou.se, (and we were told that we had no right to
inquire into the reasons of it,) for the purchase of
a little strip of land, a few miles wide, worth not
$10,000, as Colonel Benton told us; for the pur-
pose of making the only connection that  ome
gentlemen think it is possible to make between
the Atlantic and Pacific, through the region of
Anzonia. May it not be that there-are some
other such operations in prospect—one out here
in the ocean and others in the southwest—and
that gentlemen desire not to be embarrassed by
being told, when they come here with their prop-
ositions for an appropriation for such purpose,
that not only is the Treasury empty, but that the
Government has been contracting loans, perma-
nent loans it may be, to get along with its ordi-
nary expenditures.
I wish to know if there is anything of the na-
ture of these reasons in this matter; or, if not,
what the reasons are that have produced this
wonderful and marked change m the opinions of
tiie gentleman from Vngima, [Mr. Millson,] and
of those who agree with him on this floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to in-
quire why members have not been furnished with
copies of this bill? f understood that it was or-
dered to be printed yesterday, and supposed that
the objectwas, that each member should have an
opportunity of examining the bill for himself, so
that lie might be prepared to vote 011 the ques-
tion when it came up. 1 find that there are
copies of the bill on the desks of some members;
but I, as well as many other members, have been
unable to get a copy. I simply desire to know
if the rule is that a few members are to have
printed copies of the bill, and that the rest of
the members are simply to take their votes as
the rule by which ibey are to be governed? I
| want a copy of the bill for my own information.
I The CHAIRMAN pro tempore, (Mr. Bocock.)
! Of course, the present occupant of the chair had
I no control over the printing of the bill; but he has
! been informed that the usual order to print has
! not been executed, in consequence of want of
| time. The rules of the House require that a suf-
! ficient number of copies be printed to furnish each
j member with one. The order to print was only
! made yesterday, and sufficient time lias not
j elapsed, perhaps, to have the requisite number of
