156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Foot.
Senate.
■ Mr. GREEN, My request is that the Senator
will produce, as I may, perhaps, hereafter make
some remarks on the subject, the evidence to show
that Mr. Stanton ever gave that assurance while
he was the acting Governor; that Governor Walk-
er ever gave that assurance; that the President
ever gave that assurance; that the law which
clothed the convention with authority to form a
constitution ever gave that assurance; or that the
people themselves ever understood there was such
an assurance. If the Senator will produce that
evidence, 1 shall have something to answer when
the time comes.
Mr. FOOT. The reason I have not already
done it is because I thought it a work of super-
erogation. That evidence has been incorporated
into more than a dozen speeches already made on
this floor; and that is the reason why t have not
taken up the time of the body by producing it and
reading it to the Senate. But if it be desired by
the Senator, before this debate shall close, I will
procure that evidence and read it again. I have
not the documents now before me.
Mr. COLLAMER. Here is the report of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] containing
some extracts from the instructions of the Presi-
dent to Governor Walker on this point, and from
Governor Walker's inaugural address.
Mr. F00 3\ My colleague places m my hands
the report of the honorable Senator from Illinois,
ch&iiman of the Committee on Territories, from
■which I will read the following extracts, which
fully maintain my assertion, and 1 hope will be
quite Satisfactory to the Senator from Missouri
on the point of his inquiry:
"The President,in his instiuctions to Govcrnoi Walkei,
through his Secretary of State, underdate'of March 30, said:
u t when sueh constitution .shall be .submitted to the peo-
ple of the Territory, they must be protected in the exercise
of their light of voting fur or against that instrument, and
the fair expie^ion of the popular will mui-t not bo mtei-
rupted by hand or violence.'
'• Governor Walker, m an official dispatch to the Secie
tary o ( State, under date of June a, said:
'"On one point the sentiment ot the people is almost
unanimous—thatthcconstitution must be submitted for rat-
ification or rejection to a vot«- of the people who thall be
bona fide residents of the Teriitory next fall.'
'•And in his inaugural address to the people of Kansas
Governor Walker said :
<v f With thene views, well known to the President ami
Cabinet, and approved by them, I accepted the appointment
of Governor of Kansas. My instruction"* fiom the Picm-
dtmt, through the Secretary ot State, under date ot IMUhof
March last, sustain the u regular Legislature of the Ten not y
In assemblingaeonvention to form a constitution,"and thev
* xpress the opinion of the Purulent that when Mich cori
Stuuuou shall be submitted to the people < l the Territory
they must be protected in the exeici.-e of then i i«*lit ot voting
for or against that insti uinent; and the fair expression of
the popular will must not be mteirupted by fraud or vio-
lence.
uc I repeat, then, as my clear conviction, that uuless the
convention submit the constitution t<> the vote of all the
actual roHdeiif settlers of Kansas, and the election be fatily
and quietly conducted, flic constitution will be and ought
to bo iejected by (.'on/jress.'5>
In addition to all this, the faith and principles
and platforms of the Democratic party of the
country, us enunciated in their Cincinnati reso-
lutions, in Mr. Buchanan's letter of acceptance,
and in his inaugural address, were accepted as a
pledge and a guarantee to the people of Kansas,
of the full and free exercise o( tins rijrht. Rely-
ing upon these solemn and reiterated pledges, and
this universal and unquestioned understanding,
the free-State people might very well regard it as
they did regard it—of comparatively little import-
ance who composed the convention, what par-
ticular individuals had the framing of the con-
stitution, or whether they werechoseri by few or
by many votes, so long as whatever constitution
they might frame was to be submitted to the peo-
ple, and to pass the ordeal of their scrutiny and
of their vote. If they approved it they could say
so; if they did not approve it they could say so,
and reject it. The constitution, the whole con-
stitution, and nothing but the constitution, was
to be presented, for a direct vote, to the people
themselves, for their approval or disapproval.
Under these circumstances the free-State people
refrained from taking any part in that election.
In addition to all the other reasons for not taking
part in this election, these pledges and assurances
furnished a very stronginducementand justifica-
tion for this course of action.
This Lecompton convention having been elected
under these circumstances—under these positive
and repeated promises and pledges, and with the
universal understanding that they were to submit
the constitution to a direct and fair vote of the
people for acceptance or rejection, it is quite too
late nowto say that the convention was invested
with the sovereignty of the people; that they
were the people in a representative capacity; that
all the powers of the people, in that behalf, had
been delegated to them; that they acted instead
of the people, and without restriction; that they
were at liberty to withhold from the people what-
ever constitution they might frame. They were
invested with no such sovereignty; with no such
authority; with no such power. They were in-
vested with no power but to frame a form of con-
stitution for the consideration o/ the people, to bo
ratified or rejected by them as they should see fit.
So the people of Kansas understood it at the time.
So the delegates themselves understood it. So
everybody everywhere understood it. They were
the mere agents of the people, with authority
clearly limited, to perform a particular act, which,
when done, was to be delivered over to their prin-
cipal, the people, for their final action. They were
a more committee of the people—mere scribes or
prothonotaries, selected for the purpose of draft-
ing a form of government to be submitted to the
people for their acceptance or refusal as they
should judge to be for the best. Tins was the ut-
most extent of the authority with which that con-
vention was invested.
Sir, the free-State people of Kansas knew very
well, fiom past and bitter experience, that they
would be cheatcd in one way or another if they
went to the polls at that election. They knew
enough of the members of that convention to be-
lieve them capable of any swindle which by any
possibility they might be able to practice upon
them. But they hud not then learned how soon
the President of the United States would forget
his pledges; they had not then learned, and could
not have been made to believe, after all his fair
promises, that he would so soon bring the influ-
ence of his position, and the power of his patron-
age, to aid m the effort to carry out to its final and
bitter end a flagrant deception practiced upon
them—a bald and barefaced and impudent mock-
ery of their hopes and expectations, and of their
right, too, under the pretense of a submission,
which was no submission at all, and by which
they were tricked out of the privilege which had
been most solemnly assured to them, and by
which they were wheedled out of the exercise of
the most sacred rights which belong to American
freemen. It seems the convention knew their
master much better than the people did. Will
Congress ratify the cheat? That is the question,
and the very question now before us.
Let us see, now, sir, how these pledges have
been redeemed. The President and his Cabinet,
and the whole Democratic party, and even the
delegates themselves, were too strongly, and too
publicly and notoriously committed,to asubmis-
sion of the constitution to a direct vote of the peo-
ple for approval or rejection, to be altogether over-
looked or disregarded. Some plan, some devicc,
must be contrived, by which, at least, to save
appearances—to save some appearance of consist-
ency, and of common honesty, and, at the same
time, to save this bo^us constitution. The recent
territorial election had made it very apparent that
if the constitution was submitted to the people, it
would be rejected by an overwhelming vote, and
yet, it would hardly do to withhold it altogether
from them, after the whole party, from the Pres-
ident of the United jStates down to the president
of the Lecompton convention, had pledged them-
selves before the world that it should be submit-
ted to the popular vote. So a cunning device was
hit upon by which to mock the people with an
appearance ofsubnuttingthe constitution to them,
and, at the same time, making it impossible to
cast a vote against it. No knave ever hit upon a
more artful scheme by which to cover his own
villainy and to delude the public. The device fur-
nishes a mere pretext of having done what every-
body had promised should be done; when, in fact,
nothing of the kind has been done.
^The plan contrived for the pretended submis-
sion of the constitution was this: Two kinds of
ballots, and only two kinds, were to be used; one
of which' was indorsed 44 constitution with sla-
very;" the other "constitution with no slavery."
These were the forms prescribed by the conven-
tion, and these were the only ballots that could
be cast. A more artful piece of legerdemain was
never contrived by the wit of man. Let us see its
operation. The people could only vote for the
" constitution with slavery," or for the " consti-
tution with no slavery;" but for the constitution,
at all events, if they voted at all. No man, who
voted at all, could vote against the constitution.
But it is said and insisted that the question of sla-
very or no slavery was fairly submitted to the
people; and that being the great question in con-
tioversy, that the pledge to submit the constitu-
tion to the people was virtually answered. But,
sir, the question of slavery—the question whether
• Kansas should be a free or a slave State—was not.,,
| submitted to the people. Now, let us look a little
j further into this tiick, by which it is pretended
that the slavery question was submitted to the
people, when, in fact, it did no such thing.
Now, it will be perceived, by reference to the
schedule which describes the plan of submission,
i that if a majority of the ballots cast were for the
i "constitution with slavery," then the constitu-
j tion was to stand as it was framed, without change
[ or modification; and nobody denies but that is a
! pro-slavery constitution. But, if a majority of
j the ballots cast were for the "constitution with
'jio slavery," then the constitution was still to
! stand as it was framed, except that the seventh
| section, which authorizes the future importation
j of slaves into the State, was to be stricken out.
This was the only change that was to be made in
the constitution, m case a majority of the people
voted the ballot " constitution with no slavery."
But now observe—and here is the trick—that, al-
though the seventh section should be stricken out,
the constitution still provides, in the schedule—
which was not to be, and could not be, stricken
out by any vote of the people, under the prescribed
form of ballot—that 44 the right of property in
slaves now in the Territory shall m no "manner
be interfered with;"and this provision was to be
retained, although a majority of the ballots cast
should be "constitution with no slavery!" And,
besides, the seventh section contained some excel-
lent and humane provisions, which it would be
! desirable to retain, if slavery was to be at all toler-
1 afed hy theconstitution. It provided, among other
things, for the proper care and treatment of slaves,
and for their future emancipation, with*the consent
of their owners; but no such provision is made m
any other section. So that, in fact, the 41 consti-
tution with no slavery,"according to the form of
the ballot, with the seventh section stricken out,
is a much more obnoxious pro-slavery constitu-
tion than is the 44 constitution with slavery," ac-
cording to the form of the ballot, with the seventh
section retained.
The unavoidable effect of this trick was, in the -
first place, that nobody could vote against the con-
stitution. And, in the second place, that whoever
voted at all, must vote for the constitution at all
events; and for a pro-slavery constitution, at all
events. Indeed, if a free-State man were to vote
at all, it would be more consistent with his feel-
ings and his principles to vote the ballot, " con-
stitution wilk slavery" than to vote the ballot,
44 constitution w'th no slavery;" for the reason
that the constitution, with the seventh section re-
tained—and this is the effect of the ballot indoised
44 constitution with slavery"—is much less objec-
tionable than the constitution with the seventh
section stricken out, which is the effect of the
ballot indorsed, " constitution with no slavery."
But, I desire to look a little further still, into the
practical operation of this Lecompton conven-
t tion swindle. I use this term intentionally and
deliberately, as the most appropriate and signifi-
cant which can be applied to this device for sub-
mitting the constitution to the people. The Pres-
ident,in his special message of the 2d of February,
says, 44 Kansas, therefore, at this moment, is as
much a slave State as Georgia or South Carolina."
Now, then, according; to this assumption and this
mode of submission, if every voter in Kansas had
cast the ballot, {t constitution with no slaveiy,"
it would have still left slavery there just as it is
now, under that clause which declares that 44 the
right of propeity in slaves now in the Territoiv,
shall in no manner beinteifeied \vith;"and which,
