2218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
debted to the gentleman from Iowa for the inform-
ation, and he stands uncontradicted by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
therefore I suppose he gave correctly the principle
upon which the appropriation is made—that where
a man, a senior in years, is superintendent ofalight-
house district, you give him larger pay, in order
that he may entertain more company. Now, my
notion about it is this: that when we put men
upon similar duty we ought to equalize the com-
pensation; that when officers leave the Army and
assume land duties—such as superintending the
light-houses—they ought to be paid like lamp-
lighters, and not like majors.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES I desire to ask the
gentleman if he proposes to alter the law in an ap-
propriation bill ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of .Kentucky. I do not
concede there is any law for this item. If there
is, I would like to see it.
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky one question. I would like to
know how many horses he rode, when he was a
colonel commanding in Mexico, by construction ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I never rode
any by construction; I rode a great many actu-
ally. [Laughter.]
Mr. CURTIS. Did not you have three horses ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It is true I
had all that I was entitled to, and I'nearly rode
their tails off. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. BRANCH. I cannot permit the remarks
which have fallen from the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Seward] to pass without calling the at-
tention of the House to the very gross error into
which he has fallen. I think it would plague any
gentleman in this House, except the gentleman
from Georgia, to perceive how an attempt to pre-
vent a major in the Army from receiving $2,000
for fuel and quarters, over and above his usual
pay and other perquisites, is an attack upon the
commerce of the country. Thegentleman, how-
ever, says he regrets to see gentlemen upon this
floor assail commerce upon all occasions.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman does not confine his remarks to
the amendment.
The "CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman must con-
fine his remarks to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Kentucky.
Mr. BRANCH. I was only answering the
gentleman from Georgia. But I will endeavor to
proceed in order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I understand the
gentleman rises to oppose the amendment; and
that he is opposed to striking out " seven" and
inserting what has been proposed.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not know how the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means has_
found that out.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Because I know
my fiicnd would not desire to pioceed out of
order; and he can only proceed in order by op-
posing the amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I intended 
Mr. FOSTER. Will the gentleman yield to me?
Mr. BRANCH. 1 do not wish to consume the
time of the committee, and will yield the floor in a
moment. I wanted to remark that, instead of forty
thousand tons,the South owns more than five times
forty thousand tons of shipping; and thatasingle
port of the South winch I could name—the port
of Baltimore—owns one hundred andeighty-three
thousand tons; that Charleston owns sixty thou-
sand tons. And I could name several ports which
own three or four times the tonnage which the
gentleman from Georgia asserted as belonging to
the entire South. Instead of southern men doing
injustice to the North, it is southern men doing
injustice to the South, by such statements as the
gentleman from Georgia lias made. That is what
the South sutlers under, even more than from at-
tacks of those who live in other sections of the
Union.
Mr. Sewirb's amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. CLA WSON I offer the following amend-
ment, to-Come in between lines 77 and 78:
For the pureii:i--e of Holmes'* life-boat, lo be placed at
each of the twenn-eight ine stationson the coast ot
New Jersey, §6,440.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a question
of order. If I understand the amendment, it is not
in order, bceause it is not provided tor by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The-amendment being an
independent resolution, the Chair rules it out of
order.
Mr. CLAWSON. There are already life-sav-
ing boats at those stations in New Jersey, arid
they are provided for by law.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman will
find in line eighty an appropriation for contin-
gencies, to which his amendment may be offered.
Mr. CLAWSON The amendment, I think,
is in order here. [Cries of " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN The Chair has ruled the
amendment out of order.
Mr. CLAWSON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. I wish to say one word.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a question of or-
der. The appeal is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not de-
batable.
Mr. CLAWSON. Does the Chair decide that
my amendment will not be in order in any part
of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is out of order, as there is no provision of law
providing for it.
Mr. ADRAIN. I understand there is a law
for the purchase of boats. The boats now in use
on the New Jersey coast are of no use, and the
proposition of my colleague is to substitute other
boats for those that are absolutely valueless.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clfair is of opinion
that the amendment is out of order, and so de-
cides. The gentleman from New Jersey appeals
from that decision.
Mr. CLAWSON. I withdraw the appeal for
the present.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the bill.
Mr. CLAWSON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Alter line eighty one, insert as follows:
For the purchase of Holmes's life boats, to bo placed at
each of the twenty eight life-saving stations on the coa&t of
New Jersey, $6,440.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I raise the question
of order, that the amendment proposes independ-
ent legislation. The clause sought to be amended
is " for contingencies for life-saving apparatus
on the coast of the United States, $12,000." The
amendment is a proposition to authorize the pur-
chase of a specific kind of boat. There is no law
for it whatever.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman from New Jersey.
Mr. CLAWSON. I desire to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that there are twenty-eight life-saving sta-
tions on the New Jersey coast. There are al-
ready boats there—the Francis life-boat—and the
proposition merely is to substitute those of Mr.
Holmes. Fituicis s boats will not be used by the
seamen along the coast of New Jersey. They he
at the station-houses perfectly useless. In cases
of wreck, the seamen on the coast use their own
boats exclusively. The* proposition is, that the
Government shall supply them with boats, in-
stead of usiny their own boats.
Mr. FLORENCE. The purchase of boats is
now authorized by law, and the point of order,
made by the gentleman from Virginia, cannot be
sustained.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Does the Chair
hold the amendment to be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided to hear
the statement of the gentleman from New Jersey,
before deciding the question.
Mr. CLAW SON. I desire to add but one word
more. I believe that when this appropriation was
originally made for life-saving apparatus on the
coast of New Jersey, it was .made by an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
moves to increase the appropriation, that amend-
ment will be germane*, but if he moves also to add
words, describing the article, not in the existing
law, then it is not germane,
i Mr. FLORENCE. There is an existing law
! providing for boats.
j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then it is not ne-
i ccssary to describe the boats. All that is neces-
! sary is to increase the appropriation.
I Mr. FLORENCE. It is merely substituting
! another boat for the one now m use, because the
latter is entirely useless.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The word " con-
tingencies'' will cover all that, if it be in the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair believes that,
under rule 81, this amendment, being germane to
the bill, is in order at this stage of the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move to amend
the amendment by adding the following:
And for the purchase of the best life-boat, to be approved
by the Department, for use on the coast of Long Island,
$10,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The act of 1854
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to es-
tablish such additional stations on the coasts of
Long Island and New Jersey for affording aid to
shipwrecked vessels thereon, to change the loca-
tions of the existing stations, and to make such
repairs and furnish, such apparatus and supplies
as may, in his judgment, be best adapted to give
effect to the objects of that act. The discretion-
ary power of the Sccrctary of the Treasury under
this act is large enough to cover all this; and, if
the gentleman wants to obtain a better kind of
boat, he may do so by moving to increase the ap-
propriation, and that amendment will be germane.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. The amendment
suggested by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means is entirely satisfactory to my-
self; but I desire to say that something additional
is absolutely necessary. We not only lose mil-
lions of property annually on the coasts of Long
Island and New Jersey, at the entrance of the port
of Now Yoik, but thousands of lives are annually
sacrificed on these coasts. The stations now pro-
vided, and the means now provided, are wholly in-
adequate, and some additional appropriationsare
absolutely necessary. This is a matter of life and
death—a matter of vital importance to those com-
ing to our port from foreign countries—of vital im-
portance to our shipping interests, and to those
who are engaged in foreign trade. It is not an
appropriation that we can postpone. We can dis-
pense with many of the appropriations in this
bill; but here is an appropriation intended for the
saving of life, and we cannot dispense with it. If
gentlemen will examine the statistics, they will
find that hundreds of thousands of dollars are an-
nually sacrificed there, because we have not pro-
vided efficient means to save life and property.
New York is the great port of the country. The
emigration coming into the port of New York is
annually increasing. I do not desire to occupy
the time of the committee, but I desire to caH the
attention of the committee to the vast interests ,
involved in this matter.
Mr. LETCHER. I am opposed to this mode
of legislation for one or two reasons that are suf-
ficient to myself. Whether they will prove satis-
factory to the committee, or not, is another mat-
ter. Now, sir, here is a proposition—to do what?
To direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase a boat of a particular make and of a par-
ticular pattern, taking away from lum all discre-
tion in regard to the master; although, at the very
time this order is made, he may have conclusive
evidence before the Department that this boat is
not as good as other boats now m use.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Tho amend-
ment which I propose docs not do that.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman will permit
me to say that the Secretary of the Treasury has
direct evidence to the contrary. This boat has
undergone investigation by officers appointed by
the Navy Department, with a view to its intro-
duction and use in the revenue marine and naval
service, and, from the investigations and experi-
ments that have been made, have proved its bet-
ter adaptability for the purpose than any other;
and it is a humane object which gentlemen have
in view in desiring to introduce it.
Mr. LETCHER. The humane object may be
effected as well, perhaps, by one boat as by an-
other; and if the examination has been already
made, and the Secretary of the Treasury is sat-
isfied that this is the best boat that ctfn be pro-
cured for the service, it strikes me as a little sin-
gular that an officer who is usually so prompt in
regard to his duty should not have apprised the
House of the fact, and requested them to make
the necessary change in the law for that purpose.
But nothing of that sort has been done. If this
part of the amendment be stricken out, then if
the Secretary of the Treasury is satisfied, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania says he is, he will
not be precluded from obtaining that boat which
is best adapted to the service.
It strikes mc, then, that the most proper course
