1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm*
for us to pursue is to leave the discretion just as
it is, and, of course, whatever light the Secretary
has before him will guide him in his future action
on the subject, and if his conclusion shall be, as
my friend from Pennsylvania supposes, then he
will in all probability purchase this boat.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is a great deal of
mischievous legislation here by directing things
to be done in a particular way, when the House
is entirely destitute of knowledge in regard to
it, when it has not a particle of information from
the Department in regard to it, and when the
only information which we have has suddenly
been sprung upon the House in the progress of a
five-minute debate such as this is. This course
I suggest can do no harm; the other course may
do mischief.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to offer an amendment
to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to the amendment already pending, and no fur-
ther debate is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE I rise to a question of or-
der. I know of nothing in the rules of the House
that justifies members in sleeping on the sofas
around the Hall—as I sec several gentlemen now
doing—when there is a very important matter
under consideration. [Laughter.]
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
is it in order to move to strike out the enacting-
clause ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Then, sir, I
make that motion, because I do not think that so
important a matter as this ought to be acted upon
without the presence of the honorable member
from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,] who, I discover,
is now asleep. [Much laughter.] The gentleman
from Virginia, on the memorable night when many
members were absent, manifested bo much zeal in
having every member present, that I think it would
be doing injustice to the country to go on with
important subjects of legislation without his pres-
ence. I therefore make that motion, and shall
insist on it, unless the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Clemens] can be waked up and brought to
his seat. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. Clemens at this point returned to his seat.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I now with-
draw my motion.
Mr. Taylor's amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the word " Holmes's," so
that it will read:
For the puicha?e of life-bout^ to bo placed at each of
the twenty-eight liie-^avmtr -stations, and so forth."
Tiiat will leave the matter in the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury as to what boat he
shall purchase.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I oppose the amendment for
the reason that unless we designate the kind of
boat, we have no guarantee that the matter will
not be disposed of on political grounds.
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of order.
Debate on the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia has been exhausted. The gentleman
from Virginia submitted the amendment, and the
gentleman from Illinois opposed H.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois was not recognized by the Chair, and had no
right to oppose it.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to speak in opposition
to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to ask
if the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Taylor.] was adopted?
The CHAIRMAN. It was.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then, is it in
order to move an amendment to the amendment
as amended-
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment as amend-
ed now becomes the same as original matter, and
is open to amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to both the
amendments now pending. 1 think it proper to
leave this matter to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CLAWSON. I rise to a question of order.
My question of order is, that the gentleman from
Missouri is not opposing the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I am very sorry my friend
from New Jersey does not see that I am in order,
Mr. CLAWSON. The amendment is to strike
out the word " Holmes's." The gentleman states
that he is in favor of leaving the whole matter to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and he is therefore
in favor of the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I will endeavor to keep in order.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to another point of
order. I understand that this amendment has been
agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. STANTON. I understood it had been
adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I am desirous that when the
Secretary of the Treasury shall purchase these life-
boats, he shall have the opportunity of purchasing
the best life-boats that have been invented. The
gentleman from New Jersey says that Holmes's
life-boat is the best. If itis the best, then I am op-,
posed to striking the word " Holmes's" out; but
1 think it is better to leave the whole matter to the
exercise of the sound judgment and discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and that we should
give him authority to purchase Holmes's life-
boats, or Francis'slife-boats, or any others which
have been manufactured, and which he may de-
cide to be the best. 1 think it is wrong to require
the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase the
invention of a particular individual.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle
man from Missouri accent an amendment increas-
ing the appropriation to #20,000?
Mr. PHELPS. Is that for the benefit of
Holmes's life-boat?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh no.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment of the gon-
tleman is not in order at this time; for an amend-
ment to an amendment is pending. I can see no
necessity for increasing this appropriation accord-
ing to the suggestion of the gentleman from New
York, unless it be because Holmes's life-boat
costs more than any other life-boat which has been
invented. 1 submit to the committee, whether it
is not better to leave the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to select the life-boat which shall be found,
on examination, to be the best?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. BILLING HURST called for tellers.
Tellers^were ordered; and Messrs. Billing-
hurst and John Cochrane were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
eighty-four m the affirmative; a further count not
being demanded.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. BRYAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in immediately after the amend-
ment just adopted:
For proeumig two a8<1itlr ia1 unproved metallic life-
boat*, a metallic life-car, and iu'cec-;hy ha' ne>*. lines and
othei suitable articles, to he n-'cd undn the direction of rh"
Secretary of the Tica?uiy m .-nvmj li(c. in cn^o ol marmo
disaster, off Galveston station, Texas $10,000.
This is an amendment similar to the one just
adopted. The necessity font is stated in a peti-
tion I now hold in my hand, signed by a number
of the principal merchants of the city of Galves-
ton. Two vessels were recently wiecked there,
and most of the crew lost. One large steamer
plying between the city ot New Orleans, Galves-
ton, and the western coast of Texas, was burned
olf the coast, and fifty-three lives weie lost in
consequence of not having these life-boats. A
life association has been organized to cooperate
with the Secretary of the Treasury to save life
through this appropriation. This is an appro-
pnation on which I trust my friends from tlic
North will respond to the sentiments uttered by
the gentleman from Georgia, and show that, while
some gentlemen of the South will vote for these
liberal appropriations, they, too, will vote to save
southern life, as some of us have just voted in
favor of providing means for saving noi t!n,rn life.
There is a necessity for this appropriation, as
shown by the memorial of the merchants of the
city of Galveston; and many of the facts stated
in that memorial I myself know to be true.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. J- GLANCY JONES. Is that amendment
in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It has been received by
the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EUSTIS offered the following amendment
to be inserted between lines 81 and 82: % >
Treasury Building, Custom-Houses, and Marine Hospitals. *
For continuing the work on custom-houses building at the *
following places, viz • at New Orleans, Louisiana, $350,000;-
and at Charleston, South Carolina, $300,000; $650,000. ;
For the completion of custom-houses at the following
places, viz: at Ellsworth, Maine, $2,000; at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, $30,000 : at Bristol, Rhode Island, (Includ-
ing fencing and grading,) $5,000; at New Haven, Connec-
ticut, $80,000 5 at Oswego, New York, $10,000 ; at Platts-
hurg, New York. $10,000; at Newark, New Jersey, #10,000;
at Norfolk, Virginia, $20,000; at Pensacola. Florida, $5,000;
at St. Louis, Missouri, $20,000; at Mobile, Alabama, (in^ "
eluding fencing and paving,) $30,000; at Galena, Illinois*
,"$10,000; at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, $10,000; and for an-
nua! repairs of custom-houses, $15,000; §257,000.
For tJip completion of marine hospitals at the following
places; viz: at Portland, Maine, $3,000; at St. Marks,
Flouda, $2,500; at New Orleans, Louisiana, (including fill-
ing up,gi<idtng, and fencing, and the introduction of gas and
water pipes and fixture*,) $85,000 ; at Cincinnati, Ohio,
$50,000; at Galena, Nlinois, $5,000 ; and for annual repairs
of marine hospitals $15,000; $160,5fJ0.
For grading, paving, and fencing the grounds, and for
furnishing custom house?, atthe following places; viz : at
Ellsworth, Maine, $3,000 ; at Bath, Maine, furniture atone,
$1,100; at Burlington, Vermont, $4,600 ; at New Haven,
Connecticut, $8,500 ; at Oswego, New York, $7,300; at
Plattsburg, New Yoifc, .$9,900; at Newark, New Jersey,
$5,200; at Alexandria, Vngima, $3,'700; at Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, $12,000; at Mobile, Alabama, furniture alone, $2,600;
alf Ponsacola, Florida, $2,500; at St. Louis, Missouri,
•|14.600; at Loui>vi1Ip, Kentucky, $3,900; at Cleveland,
Ohio, .$7,100; at Galena, Illinois, $3,700 ; and at Milwau-
kee. Wi*iCoijMn, §> /,700; $97,100.
For grading, paving,luid fencing, and for furnishing ma-
rine ho>pitaH, at the following places; viz : at Burlington,
Vermont, $3,400; at Chelsea, Massachusetts, $19,700"; at
St. Markf, Flouda. $1,200; at Detioit.Michigan, $7,500 ; at
Galena, Illinois, §3,800; and at Burlington, Iowa, $4,100;
$39,700.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether it would be in order to move to amend
that proposition, by authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to borrow the money with which to
meet that appropriation ? [Laughter.]
Mr. EUSTIS. I will state, for the information
of the House, that the appropriations asked for
in the amendment arc not precisely those which
are asked for by the Secretary of the Treasury;
and perhaps I maybe permitted to add that they
receive his countenance; at all events, I think I
may state, if I am to be contradictcd—and 1 cer-
tainly shall be by the vigilance of the Committee
of Ways and Means—that the Secretary of the
Treasury does not oppose, and will not oppose,
any of these appropriations. The House will
perceive that they aie divided into three classes.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Louisiana whether he omitted the
appropriation for the Treasury extension by de-
sign or by accident r
Mr. EUSTIS. I omitted it by design, and not
by accident. As I was saying, the appropriation
is divided into three classes.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. The '
amendment is not in order, bccause it is not ger-
mane to this portion of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it is in order, and overrules the point of order.
Mr. EUSTIS. When I was interrupted by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, 1 was saying that
this amendment contains three classes of appro-
priations. In the first place, there is an appro-
priation for $350,000 and one for &300,000 for the
continuance of the work on the custom-houses
of Charleston and New Orleans. These works
are under contract, and we have no discretion.
The Secretary of the Treasury states in his letter
that where works are progressing; under contract
there is no discretion with the Department to limit
the progress of the works. If they were to stop
for want of appropriations, the Government would
he liable for damages, and for damages that might
be infinitely laiger in amount than the appropri-
ations that are now asked for. The other classes
of appropriations are necessary to complete build-
ings at some ten or twelve places. The aggregate
amountissome two hundred and fifty-seven thou-
sand dollars. If the amount be appropriated, be-
fore the meeting of next Congress these buildings
will be completed: and the G-ovcrument, instead of
paying enormous rents to private individuals, will
have its buildmirs completed, and will be able to
occupvthem. Therefore, on thcprinciplc of sound
economy, these appropriations which the Com-
mittee of Wavsand Means have designedly omit-
ted to present to this House, a*-e absolutely nec-
essary for the purpose of saving money to the
Government.
