1858.]
APPENDIX.TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—I*ecorny)ton Constitutions-Mr. Foot.
Senate.
according to Mr. Buchanan's statement, would
have still left it just as much a slave State as
Georgia or South Carolina. So that, by no pos-
sibility, under this mode of submission, could
any man vote for making Kansas any less a slave
State than it now is; and, of necessity, he could
by no possibility vote for making Kansas any less
a slave State than Georgia or South Carolina.
There is no escape from this conclusion. And
this is just what was designed by this mode of
submission. This was a fair submission of the
slavery question, was it?
Sir, no question was submitted to the people of
Kansas, whether it should be a slave State or not?
And yet the Presidentof the United Slates affronts
the intelligence and the common sense of the
American people, when he says in his special
message, that this " presented a fair opportunity
to the people of Kansas to decide this ex iting
question in their own way," but that " they re-
fused to exercise this right." Sir, the President
knows, every Senator here knows, every man of
common intelligence in the country knows, not
only that the constitution was in no manner or
form submitted to the people for ratification or
rejection, but that the question of slavery itself
was not submitted to them. The mode Of sub-
mission did not admit of any vote against the con-
stitution, nor of any vote against slavery in the
State, just as it exists there now; and where the
President says it exists just as much as it does in
Georgia or South Carolina. Whoever asserts
that the slavery question was fairly submitted to
the people of Kansas, or that the question, whether
it should be a slave State or a free State, was sub-
mitted to them at all—to use the mildest form of
expression—entirely mistakes the fact, and though
he may be deceived himself, he makes quite too
large a draft upon the credulity or the ignorance
of the public.
There was no mode, therefore, in which the
free-State people could testify their disapproval
and their abhorrence of the whole thing, except by
refusing to vote at all on the 21st of Decembei.
Tiiey were not allowed to vote against it; they
could not, in conscience, vote for it; there was,
therefore, no other course left for them but to de-
cline voting altogether on that occasion. In this
way they manifested their most emphatic con-
demnation of it, and of the insolent chicanery by
which a bald, naked pretense that the slavery
question was fairly submitted, is set up, when,
in truth, even that partial submission was never
made. And now this piece of jugglery is claimed
and is especially plead as a fulfillment of the most
sacred pledges ever given by men in high life, or
in low life, that the Lecompton constitution should
be submitted to a fair vote of the people. Sir, no
wonder the people of Kansas feel indignant and
outraged at so base a betrayal. No wonder the
people all over the country are aroused to indig-
nation, and are gathering together in vast assem-
blages to give utterance to their indignant pro-
tests, in thunder tones, against the consummation
of this great wrong and treachery toward the
people of Kansas. Sir, the earthquake voice of
an indignant and insulted nation's stern rebuke is
already beginning to break upon your ears, and is
pealing at the very doors of the Capitol. A fear-
ful account awaits those who shall disregard
these popular appeals. They come forth from
the deep-swelling heart of an incensed people.
But, Mr. President, notwithstanding all the du-
plicity and the treachery which have been prac-
ticed upon the people of Kansas; notwithstanding
the convention refused to submit the constitution,
or any part of it, to a direct vote of the people;
notwithstanding all efforts to suppress any and
all expression of the public voice upon it; we are
not left in the dark upon this subject. We are
not left to doubt or to conjecture in regard to the
judgment and will of the people of Kansas upon
this Lecompton constitution. That judgment and
will have been recently expressed upon it in a
most emphatic manner on two occasions—once,
indirectly, at-the last October territorial election;
and once directly upon the constitution itself, on
the 4th of January last. At the October election,
the people of Kansas, for the first time, through
the agency and influence of Governor Walker,
were suffered to go to the polls and vote, without
serious hindrance or molestation. That election
resulted in the signal success of the free-State
party by about four to one, in a spirited canvass,
m which the pro-slavery party turned out in full
strength, and polled their entire vote; and when
they attempted to return about three times the
number of votes they had actually cast. You all
remember the Oxford returns, containing some
sixteen hundred names copied from the Cincin-
nati Directory! And you all know the sequel.
The result of this election—the only one in which
the relative strength of the two parties had been
tested at the polls—was considered, both in Kan-
sas and throughout the country, as decisive of
the issue between them, whether Kansas should
be a free or a slave State. The result of this elec-
tion was everywhere considered as virtually set-
tling that question. All men, of all parties, at the
North, and many at the South, said that the ques-
tion was now settled; that Kansas had spoken
for herself; that a large majority of her people
were in favor of a free State; that it would be in
vain, and worse than in vain, to attempt to resist
her will; that she would and must beafree State.
This was the language of the people everywhere;
and great credit was claimed as due to the policy
of.Mr. Buchanan's administration for this auspi-
cious result, by the entire Democratic party, and
the Democratic press throughout the free States.
So decisive was this expression of the popular
sentiment in Kansas, that many of the delegates—
all being pro-slavery men—refused to attend the
adjourned meeting of the convention, so that but
a quorum of the number were ever reassembled, j
The impression very generally prevailed thatthey j
' would now abandon the attempt to frame a con- i
stitution. The convention was entirely pro-sla- !
very, and would not frame a free-State consti- ,
tution; while, to frame a pro-slavery constitution, ;
was only to subject it to certain rejection by the
people, if submitted to them agreeably to the gen- :
eral understanding and promise. It was gen- i
erally supposed, for a while, at least, that under
these circumstances, they would frame no consti-
tution, and thus about half yield to so clear and
decisive an expression of the popular judgment.
But, despite this manifestation of the popular sen-
timent in Kansas, and of the prevalent opinion in
the country, this bare quorum of the convention
proceeded to business, and this Lecompton con-
trivance purports to be the fruit of their labors;
it purports to be the work of their hands. Look-
ing at the result of this election alone, can it leave
a doubt in the mind of any unprejudiced man as
to the popular sentiment in Kansas in respect to
this constitution? Can any man say, in tiuth and
sincerity, that he believes it expresses the will of
that people, or even of one fourth part of that peo-
ple? I answer for myself. Let others answer
for themselves. The report of the majority of
the committee hardly alludes to this election—a
very significant omission.
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will show when
that subject was referred to the committee, I will
then show why we passed it over. It was never
before us; and if any person of the committee, as
a committee man, has made use of it, he has done
so on his own responsibility, and not because the
Senate referred that subject to the committee.
Mr. FOOT. Why, then, did the Senator make
any reference at all to that election in his report?
Why did he say that election was held under cir-
cumstances peculiarly favorable to the free-State
party ?
Mr. GREEN. Because it had been used as an
argument against the constitution, and to show
that it had nothing to do with it. The object was
not to explain it, but to show that it had no ref-
erence to the subject of the formation of the con-
stitution.
Mr. FOOT. I pass over without remark or
commentary the notorious Oxford, McGee, and
Kickapoo frauds in this October election, wherein
the attempt was made to count the Cincinnati Di-
rectory against the free-State party; the rejection
of which cost Walker and Stanton their official
heads, as the free-State men had told them it
i! would, " the moment they attempted to do right."
[! They did attempt to do right, and their removal
|i from office is the forfeit. They learned, though
ji a little too late, that they had been sent to Kansas
!| on another and a very different errand than to see
I! that the free-State men should have " fair play"
in the elections. Like their predecessors,-Reeder
and Geary—although all of them were appointed
to those important trusts as the special, friends
of the Federal Administration; all of them the
friends and supporters of the principles. of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, and two of them southern
men, friends and advocates of the institution of
slavery, and would have been glad to have seen
it established in Kansas, if it could have been done
by fair means,and with the consent of the people
—yet the moment they manifested any regard to
the dictates of honor or conscience, or to their
own self-respect, and refused to prostitute their
official functions to aid in carrying out any of
those schemes of fraud and villainy which had
been the order of the day in that Territory— from
that moment they incurred the bitter and open
hostility of the pro-slavery party in Kansas, and
fell into disfavor with the Administration at Wash-
ington. Thank God! they cannot dishonor them
in the estimation of the American people. Com-
ment, sir, is unnecessary. The simple facts them-
selves carry with them their own most pointed and
significant commentary. i will only remark that
if the Administration have had no complicity with
the reign of terror, wrong, and oppression in Kan-
sas, there is some reason to fear that history will
hardly do them justice.
Again, Mr. President, we are not left here even
in regard to the evidences of the will of the peo-
ple upon this subject. That will has been ex-
pressed still later, and in a still more emphatic
form, in a direct vote upon the constitution itself.
Acting-Governor Stanton, seeing the excitement
and indignation of the people at the manner in
! which they had been imposed upon, deceived and
i betrayed by the convention in withholding the
constitution from them, in violation of all the
pledges which had been so publicy given, and at
| the apparent determination to have it imposed
! upon them without a hearing, as an act of pru-
! dence and of justice, and with a view to allay the
popular feeling, convened the newly-elected Ter-
ritorial Legislature in extra session. Upon his
recommendation, they passed an act by which the
people were authorized to vote upon the consti-
tution, either for it or against it, on the 4th of
January, thatbeing the day appointed by the con-
vention for the election of Governor and Legis-
| lature under the provisional State government.
| This afforded the people not only a fair, but it
I gave them the only opportunity accorded to them
j in which they could vote upon the question of the
I ratification or rejection of that instrument. The
j people improved that only opportunity afforded
; to them for this purpose, and the result was a ma-
' jority of more than ten thousand against the con-
stitution. That vote stands ummpeached and
: unimpeachable. Do you desire to know the will
of the people upon this subject? Do you desire
to know whether it is their free act and deed ? Do
you desire to know whether they approve or dis-
disapprove it ? Have you any desire to know
; whether you are about to do an act in flagrant
disregard of the expressed will of the people of
Kansas? There you have their answer. There
you have the evidence, decisive, unmistakable,
and authoritative. By more than ten thousand
I majority they repudiate this constitution. By
more than ten thousand majority they protest
against its enforcement upon them. By more
than ten thousand majority they solemnly protest
against being forced into the Union under it. i
do not forget the vote for the constitution on the
■ 21st of December. That vote, as certified by Cal-
houn, was slightly over six thousand, more than
half of which, it has been shown, were ideally
and indisputably fictitious and fraudulent—amere
lepetition of the Oxford fraud at the October elec-
tion. But counting them all, we have still an ag-
gregate majority of near five thousand against the
constitution. Is such an expression of the pop-
ular will in reference to the frame of government
under which it is proposed they shall live to be
utterly ignored and disregarded? Sir, what be-
' comes of the great fundamental principle of all
republican government, that " the majority must
1 rule?" Is this your exposition of your boasted
doctrine of " popular sovereignty ?" Is this what
you mean by " the right of the people to govern
themselves?" Is this your illustration of the great
principles of the Kansas-Nebraskabill, that " the
