1196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
constitution has never been ratified by the people,
and they protestagainstitgoinginto operation until
it has been approved. Constitutions have been put
in operation in several States without a submission
to a vote of the people, but those were cases where
the constitution met with the approval of the large
body of the people whose contract it was. But I
here defy the production of a precedent of a con-
stitution being forced upon an unwilling people,
who have repudiated it by every means in their
power. When such a precedent can be found,
then I will look into it; until then, I desire to hear
no more of precedents. But even if we were to
consider it as a question to be ruled by precedent,
the force of authority is greatly in favor of sub-
mission. I think there is not a single State now
in this Union whose constitution, either as an ori-
ginal or amendedinstrument, has not been submit-
ted to a vote of the people. I here give a table,
showing the dates at which the constitutions of
the several States have been voted upon. I have
seen it frequently published in the newspapers,
and have never seen it contradicted; and so far
as I have any personal knowledge, it is correct:
California November 13, 1849
Connecticut Octobers, 18i3
Georgia 1st MondayOctober, 1839
Illinois March 7, 1848
Indiana August 4,1851
Iowa Augusta, 1816
Kentucky 1850
Louisiana November a, 1859
Maine 1820
Maryland June 4,1851
Massachusetts 1780
Alabama   1K19
Arkansas January 4, 1836
Delaware December 2,1831
Florida 1839
Mississippi October, 1832
Michigan Novembers, 1850
New Jersey August 13, 1844
New York Novembers, 181G
North Carolina November 9, 1835
Ohio June 17,1852
Rhode Island November 21, 22, 1841
Tennessee March, IH33
Texas October 13, 1855
Virginia October 23, 24, 25, 1851
Wisconsin   April, 1848
Missouri  July 19, 1820
New Hampshire..., September, 1702
Pennsyl vama   1838
South Carolina   1790
Vermont 1850
I have shown that there is nothing in the mere
authority " to form a constitution" which author-
izes the convention to put such constitution in
force, without a submission of the instrument to
a vote of the people.
Now the question recurs as to the intention of
the people of fCansas when they elected the dele-
gates to the Lecompton convention. It will be
remembered that o«ly one party participated at
that election. The pro-slavery party' in the Ter-
ritory elected all the delegates. Now, what was
their intention ? Did they intend that the con-
vention should " form" a constitution, and put
it in force without submitting it to a vote of the
people? That no such intention was entertained,
is incontestably shown, by a variety of circum-
stances. Previous to the election of delegates,
pledges were required by the party from many of
the candidates, that the constitution whenfoimrd
should be submitted for approval or rejection to a
vote of the people. Upon these pledges the party
voted. Amongst others, Calhoun gave a pledge,
that " the constitution"—not a clause or section
of it, but" the constitution"—should be submitted
to a full and fair vote of the people. I do not re-
fer to these pledses for the purpose of arraigning J
these delegates for a violation of their plighted
faith, as was claimed by my colleague, [Mr. Piiil-
lifs;] that is a matter between them and the peo-
ple whunithey deluded and betrayed. I merely
mention it to show that no party in Kansas ever
understood that the constitution should be put in
operation withouta vote of the people. But! may
be permitted to say, in passing, that the man who
violated his solemn pledge given to his own party;
who betrayed the constituency by whom he was
elected, who, if we may rely on the testimony
recently taken in Kansas, is a party to the most
disgraceful and outrageousfraudsever perpetrated
upon a free people, is hardly a fit person to carry
the election returns of this distracted Territory in
his pocket, and when Kansas has been admitted,
give certificates of election to whom he pleases.
In July last, a pro-slavery convention of dele-
gates from all parts of the Territory assembled at
Lecompton. A resolution was offered pledging
the support of the party to the constitution which
might be formed, whether it was submitted to a
vote of the people or not. But a single delegate
voted for that proposition in all that large con ven -
tion, and every other delegate voted against it.
Governor Walker, as is well known, was an open
advocate of the submission of the whole consti-
tution. That convention called upon him to ad-
dress them, which he did in his usual clear and
convincing style, and when he had closed his re-
marks the convention indorsed his principles and
pledged him their zealous support.
There, now, is the declaration of that party,
after the election of delegates, but before the con-
vention assembled at Lecompton, in favor of sub-
mitting the constitution to a vote of the people,
and an unequivocal indorsement of the course of
Governor Walker. Here, then, we learn, that
neither party in Kansas ever intended that the
constitution should be put in force without it was
first approved by a full and fair vote of the peo-
ple.
Let us now go outside of the Territory and see
the opinion entertained on this question by the
Democratic party. The Kansas-Nebraska bill,
passed by that party, declared as a legal and fun-
damental truth, " that the people"—not a con-
vention of delegates—but " the people should be
left perfectly free to form and regulate their do-
mestic institutions m their own way." The Cin-
cinnati convention, representing all parts of our
mighty Confederacy, declared in most emphatic
terms, " that wo recognize the right of the people
of all the Territories, including Kansas and Ne-
braska, acting through the legally and fairly ex-
pressed will of a majority of actual residents, and
whenever th8 number of inhabitants justifies it,
to form a constitution, with or without domestic
slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon
terms of perfect equality with the other States."
This is a recognition, not of the rights of a
convention, but of the people, to forma constitu-
tion; and, as if in prophetic anticipation of the
events which have subsequently occurred, the res-
olution declares the manner in which this recog-
nized right of the people shall be exercised. It
was not only to be the " legally," but "fairly,
expressed will of a majority of actual resi-
dents."
If we were to believe the statements of gentle-
men on this floor, the question is not whether the
constitution reflects the will of the " majority of
the actual residents," nor whether that will has
not only been " legally" and " fairly "expressed
in its favor, but simply whether the Lecompton
constitution was the workof the convention. The
Cincinnati convention thought that the will of the
majority of actual residents should be consulted.
I think so too. That convention thought that the
election at which this will of the people was ex-
pressed should not only be a legal but a fair elec-
tion. I think so too; and in the name of that
convention, and by its authority, I demand an in-
vestigation into the frauds attending the forma-
tion of the Lecompton constitution.
Upon this platform, with this interpretation,
we went into the great contest of 1856. The
people relied on these solemn pledges and we tri-
umphed. I gave a part of those pledges to the
people of my home amongst the hills, hundreds
of miles away; that part shall never be forfeited
nor violated. 1 told the companions of my child-
hood and the friends of my maturer years, that
those were the principles of my paity, and they
confided in me; and although they cannot hear
me now, i confidently repeat the declaration in
the face of the American Congress. I stand now,
as I then stood, on the Cincinnati platform, and
contend now, as I contended then, for the inalien-
able right of the people to govern themselves.
The President of our choice was triumphantly
elected on this platform; and deeply impressed
with these truths, he said in his inaugural message;
" It is the imperative and indispensable duty of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to secure to every icsident in-
habitant [of Kansas] the free and independent expression
of his opinion by his vote. This sacied ngllt of each indi-
vidual must be pieserved !"
This language is too clear to need comment.
" It is the imperative duty of the Government to
secure to every resident inhabitant"—not to a
convention of delegates—" the free and independ-
ent expression of his opinion by his vote." Not
a right to speak through delegates, but " by his
vote," directly, freely, and independently.
But I must pass on. A Governor was to be ap-
pointed to rule the Territory. A southern gen-
tleman, with a national reputation .eminently dis-
tinguished for his ability as a statesman, had been
selected for this place. General Cass, communi-
cating to Robert J. Walker Ms appointment, by
the direction of the President, gave him the fol-
lowing instructions:
" The regular Legislature of the Territory having author-
ized the assembling of a convention to form a constitution,
to be accepted or rejected by Congress under the provisions
of the Federal Constitution, the people of Kansas have the
right to be protected in the peaceful election of delegates for
such a purpose, under such authority; and the convention
itself has a right to similar protection in the opportunity for
tranquil and undisturbed deliberation. When such a con-
stitution shall be submitted to tile people of the Territory,
they must be protected in the exercise of their right of voting
for or against that instrument; and the fair expression of
the popular will must not be interrupted by fraud or vio-
lence."
Here, then, we have the interpretation given by
the President and his Cabinet to the Kansas-Ne-
braska law and the Cincinnati platform. The
language is not equivocal, doubtful, or conditional;
it is notif the convention submit the constitution,
but it is undoubting, unhesitating, having in view
a fixed event. " When such a constitution shall
be submitted to the people of the Territory, they
must be protected in the exercise of voting for or
against that instrument." It was not the right
of the people to vote on the slavery clause, nor on
the " domestic institution," but " for oragainst
the constitution."
Governor Walker accepted th£ appointment in
the following bold, clear, and explicit avowal of
his understanding of the requirements of the law
and of its interpretation by the President and his
Cabinet:
" I understand that you and all your Cabinet cordially
concur m the opinion expressed by me, that the actual bona
fide residents of the Teriitory of Kansas, by a fair and leg-
uiai vote, unaffected by fraud or violence, must be permitted,
in adopting their State constitution, to decide for themselves
what shall be their social institutions."
Nor is this all. In his inaugural message, Gov-
ernor Walker put the matter beyond all contro-
versy. No man can mistake it. There is no
room for equivocation or denial. The message
was published, at the time, throughout the whole
length and breadth of the land. It was forwarded
to the President, and filed in the archives of the
nation with the Secretary of State, and remains
there now. The Governor says:
" With these views, well known to the President and
Cabinet, and approved by them, I accepted the appointment
of Govemot oi Kansas. My instructions from the Presi-
dent, through the Secretary of State, under date of the 30th
of Mareli las*., sustain 4 the regular Legisiatute of the Ter-
ritoiy' jn 1 assembling a convention to form a constitution,'
and they express the opinion of the President, that c when
such a constitution shall be submitted to the people of the
Tetntoiy, they must be protected m the exercise of their
right of voting for or against that instrument; and the fair
expression of the popular will must not be interrupted by
fraud or violence.'
" I repeat, then, as my clear conviction, that unless the
convention submit tho constitution to the vote of all the
actual resident settlers of Kansas, and the election be fait iy
and justly conducted, the constitution will be, and ought to
be, rejected by Congress."
The Governor declares his clear conviction that
the convention must submit44 the constitution,"
not " the slavery clause," nor any other isolated
clause, to a vote of the people. The vote must
be " for or against it," not " for the constitution,"
| or, " for the constitution without slavery." The
people were to be securcd the right to vote against
the constitution; and, if this right was not se-
cured, the Governor declares that " the constitu-
tion will be, and ought to be, rejected by Con-
gress." if this was not the intention of the
President; if he never meant to oppose the ad-
mission of Kansas if the constitution was not sub-
mitted to a full and fair vote of the people, then
was the time to speak. Free-State and other
voters might well stand aloof from the election of
delegates, confidently relying on this promise of
the Chief Magistrate, made through his official
representative, that the constitution should be
submitted to a vote of the people; and, if notsub-
mitted, that it would be rejected by Congress. It
is monstrous injustice to the people of Kansas
that this declaration should now be repudiated,
when their rights under it have been denied. The
great Democratic party of the North anchored
their hopes for the final and eternal settlement of
this angry controversy in the faithful fulfillment
