110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
the Secretary of the Treasury shall see fit to pre-
scribe; and it directs that the residue shall issue
at such rate of interest as shall be bid for by the
lowest bidder.
The fourth section, as amended by the hon-
orable gentleman, provides that these Treasury
notes shall be exchanged in the payment of the
duties of the Government to persons bearing war-
rants on the Treasury. But as they are to bear
interest, and as only $6,000,000 can have the rate
of interest fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and as the rate of interest on the residue is to be
fixed by bidding, it is plain that it is impossible
to apply any beyond the $6,000,000 to the pay-
ment of the creditor of the Government, unless
he and the Secretary of the Treasury are them-
selves to bid, according to the language of the
act. It is plain, therefore, that my honorable
friend must modify the bill in that particular.
When that shall have been done, then the bill will
be in the position in which the President of the
United States desires it; and, judging by the gen-
tleman who spoke last on the other side of the
House, that apparently is an all-sufficient reason
for accepting it m this shape. On this side of
the House, Mr. Chairman, we, perhaps, are not
so docile with reference to the executive recom-
mendations, and we venture to speer a question
as to the purposes which may be subserved by
the bill, although it may be very true that the
Secretary of the Treasury does not mean to ac-
complish those purposes.
When we reach this point, then light falls upon
the bill from the gentleman who last spoke, [Mr.
Bishop.] I take his speech in connection with the
remark of the honorable gentleman fromVirgima,
[Mr. Millson,] that this is no paper currency.
The last gentleman who spoke said, " Oh, but it
is needed in my region of country, where there is
scarcely any currency; it will accomplish the pur-
pose of regulating the exchanges of the country."
I submitthatthere, at once, ore two distinctadmis-
sions that this paper is put forth upon the country
as a paper currency, for these are the two pur-
poses which a paper currency is intended chiefly
to subserve. With reference to the exchanges
between different portions of tliia country, Mr
Chairman, you know very well—much better than
I do—that ever since the destruction of the Bank*
of the United States in 1836, there lias been
always the greatest difficulty in finding any paper
medium that would transfer funds from one por-
tion of the country to another, except at a ruinous
rate of discount. And gentlemen know, and the
honorable gentleman who spoke last knows—for
he comes from that portion of the country where,
of all others, the operations of exchange and
paper money ate most perfectly understood—that
the very moment, the Government easts upon the
country their $20,000,000 of Treasury notes, split
up into siims of fifty dollars, they form the best
medium of exchange existingin the country—one
of the chief purposes of paper currency—and one
of the greatest necessities of modern commerce.
There is no time provided at which any man can
be coerced to piesentany one of these notes at the
Treasury. They may, if presented, be redeemed
at or after the expiration of one year, within sixty
days after the Treasury may be in a condition to
redeem them, and shall have published that feet;
then the interest is to cease. But, suppose the
Treasury is ready within two months after a
large proportion of them shall have been issued,
there is still no law to coerce the return of the bills.
The holder may very well be content to lose the
interest upon the amount of a bill which can be
used as the cheapest and best method of exchange
for the next twenty years to come; and there is no
provision of the bill that can at any time prevent
the circulation of this medium for the purposes
of exchange. I say, therefore, whether thegen-
tlemenwhodrew this bill intended it or not, that
they have accomplished exactly what the notes
of the Bank of the United States accomplished,
and exactly what Mr. Webster designea to ac-
complish by his scheme of a fiscal agent; that is,
the issue of notes on the faith of theGovernment
without being guarded, as Mr. Webster's scheme
wasguaided, by having five or ten million dollars
of specie dedicated to meet tho notes. It is an
irredeemable currency; a currency, however, that
will circulate upon the faith of the Government.
So that the honorable gentlemen on the other side,
intentionally or unintentionally, have themselves
proposed a measure which they cannot limit, if
it is adopted in the shape in which they have pro-
posed it; making a perpetual irredeemable cur-
rency, the very material of exchange, and which,
for that purpose, will always continue in circu-
lation until they, by some mode or other, coerce
its return.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. How can they coerce
it?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
from Kentucky asks how can they coerce it, and
it is for gentlemen on the other side, who have
now the responsibility of the Government, and
who have been reading us divers lectures on the
evils of a paper currency, to respond. Under
the provisions of this bill, I say it cannot be con-
trolled, for there is no provision saying that it
shall be returned to the Government within any
period of time whatever.
Well, Mr. Chairman, I do not care now to
discuss what will be the effect upon the country
of throwing upon it $30,000,000 of Government
paper, which is really currency Sir, it is a sig-
nificant fact that the amount of the notes is lim-
ited to that precise point which the Secretary of
the Treasury and the President of the U nited States
recommend should be the limit of bank bills. That
is a significant feature in connection with the fact
that they are now prepared by the policy they
have indicated, both in the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury and in the message of the Pres-
ident to stuke down the banks of the country by
a bankrupt law, and then to have $20,000,000 of
Government paper floating in currency, which it
is beyond their power to call back, and which
will instantly fill the void which they make, if
they do what they say in the President's message.
I mean to cast no imputations. I am merely
developing the legal results of the bill that has
been, and is being, piossed here earnestly to a
passage before gentlemen have had an opportu-
nity of considering it. I appealed to the courtesy
of tny honorable fnend at the head of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to allow me to ascer-
tain and develop the legal consequences of this
bill; yet, in his opinion, the public exigencies
would not justify the indulgence. I say I am
merely developing the legal consequences of that
which, m its existing shape, gentlemen wanted
to force to a final vote of the House. I am en-
titled, therefore, to cas>t upon them the responsi-
bility of all difficulties connected with it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Will the gentle-
man allow me to say that I did not want to cut
off his speech, but merely to fix the hour at which
the debate should close ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then, Mr. Chair-
man, for the present, and until the bankrupt law
shall have been passed, striking down all the
banks of the country that have seen fit—in the ex-
ercise of a wise discretion, and following the best
precedents of the greatest financial minds of tins
country and ofEngland—to relieve the country by
suspending their specie payments, what is pro-
posed ? Ere they shall have reached that point,
and shall have stricken down the banks because,
in a wise discretion, supported, almost without
exception, by the business men of the country,
(the most marked instance of it being in New
York, where suspension was broughtabout delib-
erately by the merchants themselves, the great
money masters of the country, who caused the \
very banks in which they themselves had their
deposits to suspend, while the banks themselves,
on a factitious idea of commercial honor, tried to
avoid suspension,) tlicy took the course .to pre-
serve the credit of the country and its whole com-
merce from being prostrated, they come in with
this measure. The banks of the country sus-
pended less than three months ago, and now they
have more specie in their vaults than they ever
had before, and have resumed specie payments.
The operation of the general bankrupt law, had
it then been in existence, would have been to have
stricken down, at one blow, the half currency of
the country; and I leave to gentlemen who know
anything of commercial affairs, to say what con-
dition we would have been in had this favorite
plan been in operation.
But I do not mean now to discuss that. We
have now a perfectly sound paper currency
throughout the country, because the banks have
not broken. Merchants have broken; but the
banks have not broken. Their paper has not been
returned on them. It is still in circulation. In
New York it is now exchangeable in gold or sti-
ver at their counters, and therefore they are still
in existence. At this point, the financial gentle-
man at the head of the Treasuiy Department of
the Government desires to increase the amount
of paper currency to the extent of §90,000,000 at
his will. I leave to gentlemen, conversant with
mercantile affairs, to say what the operation of
that will be.
Mr. BISHOP. I want to ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I prefer that the
gentleman will allow me to proceed in the course
of observation that I am making.
The effect, therefore, we cannot now, per-
haps, entirely determine. If this measure add
$20,000,000 to the existing paper currency of tho
country, then, I suppose, it makes paper cur-
rency so much the more in excess. If it drive
out $20,000,000 of that which is now in circula-
tion, it substitutes the credit of the Government
and the paper of the Government for the credit
and the paper of the banks—the paper of the
banks being now redeemable in gold at their
counters, and the paper of the Government not
being redeemable at any time, so far as is indi-
cated in the bill that they are attempting to pass.
So that, in one breath, the honorable gentleman
at the head of the Treasury Department talks
about the danger of an inflated currency, and of
an inflated credit, and in the very same breath
desires to throw on the country $20,000,000 ex-
cess of material, which, he says, ought now to be
condemned by the operation of a bankrupt law,
and by the operation of every measure of legis-
lation that can be obtained to limit the issue of
paper currency. I submit that there is a grave
inconsistency between the direct intents of this
bill and the policy of the Government with re-
spect to its financial matters.
But, Mr. Chairman, we ought, I think, to in-
quire as to the effect of this measure. No one
doubts—I certainly do not doubt—that there is a
grave necessity now, for the credit of the country,
to come to the rescue of its depleted Treasury;
and whenever the form of so assisting it shall be
adjusted in a manner that I consider to be proper,
I will then most cheerfully give it my sanction;
and if it shall appear that money cannot now be
raised by a loan, but may be raised by Treasury
notes, then, with additional limitations of this
bill, I will be ready to favor it.
But it is proper, when a loan is asked for on
the part of the Government—and that is the sub-
stance of this bill—that at least Congress should
be heard to put the question, " Why the neces-
sity of a loan ?" While I am willing and free to
vote all the means that Government may want
for its purposes, I must be allowed to ask, Why
is the Government going out again us a borrower ?
There was money in the Treasury three months
ago; why has not that money been kept there?
It was paid out, we are told, to relieve the neces-
sities of the country. I presume that it has re-
lieved the necessities of the country by transfer-
ring the necessities to the Government. I sup-
pose that, if there was a necessity for specie 111
the country at that time, it scarcely comports with
the theories of the other side of the House, or the
relations of the Government to the country in its
financial matters, to supply that currency. It
is altogether a factitious necessity. They were
driven to supply the currency because they had
it locked up in the vaults. They had locked it
up in the vaults because, owing to the system
of tariff in the country, they had accumulated
there more specie than the necessities of the Gov-
ernment demanded. Was it that people wanted
money in the country, and that therefore the Gov-
ernment let it go ? If so, then I say that the Gov-
ernment is responsible, to the extent of the money
in the Treasury under the sub-Treasury scheme,
for the necessities of the country. I suppose that
that responsibility lies likewise on the side of the
House that now proposes this loan.
Was there any necessity, or any justification
on the part of the Secretary of the Treasury for
purchasing United States stocks at fifteen or six-
teen per cent, premium f It has been stated by a
gentleman on that side of the House—though I
am inclined to think he was perhaps in error—
that it was purchased at nineteen, twenty, and
even twenty-three per cent, premium. Was there
