153
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lccompion Constitution—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
people are left perfectly free to form and regulate
their domestic institutions in their own way?"
Say, if you please, that the vote on the 4th of
January was notlegally authorized! If that were
so, is it any the less a clear and emphatic man-
ifestation of the popular judgment upon the con-
stitution? Cannot you tell about as well what the
people think of it, as if the vote had been given
under an act which was confessedly valid? Say,
if you please, that the Territorial Legislature had
no authority to give the people an opportunity to
vote upon the question of accepting or rejecting
the constitution; if that were so—if such an ab-
surdity be admitted—is that vote any the less to
be regarded as an expression of the public voice
upon the constitution? Is it any the less to be
regarded as an emphatic expression of the public
will? Sir, Congress have always, heretofore,
said—and Mr. Buchanan himself said, in the de-
bate upon the admission of Michigan—that mere
forms and modes of proceeding to ascertain the
will of the people in reference to their constitu-
tion framed preparatory to admission into the
Union, were not to be regarded as essential, and
might be dispensed with. They have always
said, the main thing, the essential point of inquiry,
the material question, after all, was, does it ex-
press the voice of the people ? Is it the free act
and deed of those who are to live under it, and
to be governed by it? In the present case, the
vote on the 4th of January places this question
beyond all possibility of doubt or controversy.
Never was the sentiment of a people upon a vital
question in which they were so directly and so
deeply interested, manifested in a manner more
clear, more decided, or moicunquestionable. Sir,
the will of the people—I say the will of the peo-
ple—when so clearly and audibly uttered, upon a
question of this kind, must be respected. The
voice of remonstrance and of protestation, when
it breaks forth from the spontaneous and aroused
action of the people; when it breaks forth directly
from the very fountain of power—from the inde-
pendent, sovereign people themselves, in refer-
ence to their proposed fundamental law, is as po-
tential and as much commands our consideration,
as when it is addressed to lib through the forms
of conventional proceedings. The spontaneous
voice of the people must be heard over and above
the voice of a usurping minority, though clothed
in the form of" regular proceedings." The right
of petition, of remonstrance, of protest, irf a right
guarantied to every American citizen by tho Fed-
eral Constitution, and awaits not the permission
of legislative enactment. The people of Kansas
had a perfect right, in the absence of any special
law, to express their opinion, their remonstrance,
or protest against this constitution, either in this
way or in uny other they might choose to adopt.
But, Mr. President, the vote on the 4th of Jan-
uary had the sanction and authority of law. It
is worse than idle to say the Territorial Legisla-
ture had no authority to provide for, and give an
opportunity to, the people to be heard upon this
constitution; to express their will upon it; to ac-
cept or reject it. And this was all that the teiri-
torial act did, or attempted to do. It was not an
attempt, nor did it authorize any attempt to mod-
ify, change, or destroy the constitution, as the
President is pleased to intimate. It simply af-
forded an opportunity to the people, and fixed a
day and a mode for them to say whether they
would accept it or not; whether they were willing
to come into the Union under it or not; whether
it was in accordance with their will or not. This
was all. Was this illegal? Was this transcend-
ing the authority of the Legislature? Was it
illegal and wrong for the Legislature to give tho
people this privilege; and legal and all right for
the convention to deny them that privilege? Was
it illegal for the people to be heard anyhow, upon
a question so vital to their welfare ? Sir, the very
absurdity of the proposition is its most complete
refutation. It is only suggested, I am bound
to believe, as a last and poor resort to evade or
to parry the force of the solemn and emphatic
remonstrance and protestation of the people of
Kansas against the consummation of this great
iniquity, by the overwhelming vote on that occa-
sion. Our history as yet furnishes no example
of an effort by the Congress of the United States
to impose an institution of State government upon
a people in opposition to their clear and express
will. This is the first effort of the kind; possibly
it will be the last.
Mr. President, we shall do wisely to listen to
the voice of the people of Kansas. We shall do
wisely to listen to this her last appeal. They
have struck a responsive chord in the American
heart. There is a point of forbearance—there is
a point of endurance—beyond which it is not safe
for men or for nations to tread. We have already
reached that fearful point. We should do wisely
to pause, at least for a while. I assume not to
speak of tho future. I assume not the province
of the seer. I have no dark forebodings to utter.
I have only and finally to say, despise not the
voice, spurn not the appeal of the people—there
is portentous warning in that voice—there is ter-
rible vengeance in that appeal.
Mr. SfMMONS. Mr. President, I always feel
some embarrassment in attempting to address the
Senate upon any question; but the importance of
this, and the protracted discussion it has already
undergone, make this one increasingly embar-
rassing. There is nothing connected with it
which lias not already been commented upon with
so much ability that an endeavor to add more
appears to be an act of temerity. I have 110 dis-
position to repeat what has been said upon the
topics involved in this question of the admission
of Kansas into the CJnion as a State, and shall
therefore find the most difficulty, in what I have
to say, in trying to avoid a repetition of what has
been said by others; and I should not address the
Senate at all, but for the fact that the question is
one of deep interest in the State I, in part, repre-
sent here; and our Legislature having passed res-
olutions of instruction, may expect some remarks
as an accompaniment to the vote I shall give in
accordance with those instructions.
1 may here say, that the difficulties surround-
ing this question, although seemingly so threat-
ening, arc all, m myjudgment, capable of a peace-
ful and satisfactory solution. We have only to
act—as I trust all of us aie disposed to do—hon-
estly and light, and the mattcis can easily be
settled. 1 can add nothing to the powerful ap-
peals made to the Senate to do this, by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Chit-
tenden,] and the distinguished Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. lliii.i,.] This question involves
the American doctrine of self-government; upon
which I regret to witness a diversity of opinion
in this Chamber. A number of Senators on tiie
other side only admit tlmt the people have a right
to be well governed; and to secure this, they con-
tend that the forms of law only are to be observed
and regarded: while on this side, it is contended
that the people have the right to govern them-
selves, and that they shall enjoy this right sub-
stantially, viewing the forms of law as themeans
of securing that end; and that if the end be not
accomplished the forms are worthless. There is
great diversity of opinion, and equal unanimity
of votes, with the advocates of this measure as to
the meaning of" popular sovereignty." The Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. I1ammond] de-
nounces it as populous, or populace sovereignty,
a kind of mob-rule, with which he will have noth-
ing to do.
The true doctrine upon which our institutions
rest, as laid down by tho Father of his Country,
is, '■ the will of the majority authentically ex-
pressed."
1 ask Senators to examine all the proceedings
in relation to the formation of the instrument be-
fore us, and the constitution itself, and then say
if, m their judgment, there is, in the whole series
of acts, a single expression of the will of the
people of Kansas authentically made. There is
nothing authentic about these proceedings, from
the origin of the Territorial Legislature to the last
act of this Kansas convention. The fountain was
coirupted at the outset, and it has sent forth noth-
ing but bitter waters; and the sooner we dismiss
it, and remit it to tho people of Kansas for settle-
ment, under a Legislature now chosen, and ad-
mitted to be the first elected by the people of the
Territory, the sooner peace will he restored to the
country.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Polk] said
that, by the first census taken in Kansas, there
was a majority there from the southern States,
which showed there was no necessity for an in-
vasion from Missouri to carry the first election,
and furnished strong presumptive evidence that
no such invasion was made. That Senator must
recollect that Mr. (or General) Atchison, of Mis-
souri, in a letter to the people of the southern
States, complained that the emigrants they had
induced to enter Kansas from the South, when
there, nearly all turned against the project of mak-
ing Kansas a slave State. These emigrants were
not slaveholders; and if not, although from the
South, it was their interest to have Kansas free.
Exciting as political questions are, they will not
entirely control men, and induce them to vote
against their interests; and if it be true that a ma-
jority of the first settlers were from the South, the
knowledge of the fact that these very southern
emigrants were in favor of making Kansas a free
Territory, may have been the occasion for the
invasion; for the Missourians saw it would not
answer their purpose to let even southern emi-
grants settle the question for themselves.
I have listened to this protracted debate, and
still am unable to see what authority this first
Territorial Legislature had to take the sense of
the people as to whether they wanted a State con-
stitution or not. The Senator from South Caro-
lina has said that this body was elected merely
to organize a territorial government: all have
said that it was contemplated that when there
should be sufficient inhabitants they should ap-
ply for admission as a State. Does any one pre-
tend that by the act authorizing territorial gov-
ernments in Kansas and Nebraska, which are said
not then to have contained four hundred Amer-
ican citizens, the first Legislature of Kansas had
any power, cither by that statute, or by the com-
mon law of this country, to take steps for form-
ing a constitution and State government at its very
first session ? If that Legislature had been legally
chosen, it would have been an act of usurpation
on their part thus to attempt to control the future
population of that vast region, considering the
few men then in it. It is insulting the common
sense and understanding of the people to contend
that the first band who should hop into the Ter-
ritory could at once mold and determine the in-
stitutions for the future people of that Territory
when there should come to be sufficient to make
a State government and ask admission into the
Union. I believe their proceedings began with-
out authority; have been carried on in all stages
without precedent, or authority of law; and, what
is still worse, in my opinion, without the slight-
est intention to do right.
I know that this Lecompton constitution, es-
tablishing slavery in Kansas, is made the exciting
question now in this country; but there is a ques-
tion underlying this, which gives it its import-
ance—that is, a question ofpower, always an angry
one. It is a question whether power can be con-
tinued in the hands of the few at the expense of
the many, in this country, and in defiance of the
will of the many. Such a question must be an
exciting one.
The question of slavery has been debated in
Congress and the country from the origin of the
Government—nay, from the origin of the Revolu-
tion ; never angrily, except when political power
was connected with the decision. 1 had occasion,
eleven years ago, to participate in such a debate
here, although I never allude to the subject unless
it is intioduced by others; for, from my experi-
ence, it has not proved a profitable one of discus-
sion in Congress, and but for that experience I
should not now address the Senate.
Mr. President, when I look over this body and
am unable to recognize a single individual here
who was a member of it the first year of my ser-
vice here, I am taught a profitable lesson. I look
again, and find but one whose service here dates
prior to my own, and I turn naturally to him for
counsel and for guidance.
What are the recommendations of that Senator
[Mr- Crittexdex] to us 3 Do they breathe any
spirit of ill will? Do they regard this question as
too difficult to be surmounted by the wisdom and
patriotism of the Senate? No, sir. The course
he points out is as obvious as the path at noon-
day: do right, that is all that is wanted. We
have had difficulties from the outset on this ques-
tion of slavery; but they have always been sur-
