1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ifl
any justification or necessity for that course of
financial policy? Was not the Treasury Depart-
ment responsible to know the condition of affairs
in the country? Are they to be allowed to be so
blind in financial matters as that, within three
months, they can pass from a state where they
can spend to relieve the country's necessities into
a state of bankruptcy where they require a loan ?
"Was there any justification for purchasing in the
stocks of the United States at this great loss to
the Government? Was specie wanted in the
country? Then those who had the stocks of the
United States could have brought it elsewhere.
It was unnecessary that the loss should fall upon
the Governinentof the United States. Men could
have sent these stocks abroad and brought into
the country the specie for them at a premium far
less burdensome to the affairs of the country.
It strikes me, therefore, that the course pursued
by them has brought upon the country that which
is now its necessity. It may be that, if the Sec-
retary of the Treasury had pursued a different
course, hereafter, a loan would have become ne-
cessary. It certainly would not have been neces-
sary now. I do not think that this storm is so
rapidly passing away as the Secretary of the
Treasury seems to suppose. I do not regard it
as a mere temporary disorder in the country. I
apprehend that it has affected the business of the
country to its very foundations. I apprehend that
it has prostrated not merely the credit, but in a
great measure the resources of those who have
conducted the business of the country. I appre-
hend that the fall of prices of every species of
produce indicates something more than a mere
temporary derangement of the currency of the
country. I apprehend, from the recent fall in the
prices of cotton, that the cotton of the South will
not, as the Secretary of the Treasury thinks,
afford sufficient material for the exchanges of the
foreign trade. I apprehend that prices will, in all
probability, remain low; that business will con-
tinue dull; that imports will be small, and con-
sumption smaller than the imports; and that the
revenue will be less rather than greater.
We shall, in my judgment, be called on to pass
more than one bill of relief for the Government.
The Secretary of the Treasury has, in my opin-
ion, been guilty of a great financial error; because
he has taken the money which was in the Treas-
ury, for the purpose of buying the Government
securities at an enormous premium; when, if the
money was wanted, it could have been obtained,
on these securities, from abroad, which would
have strengthened the hands of the business men,
and added to the amount of specie in the country.
I hold that one cause of our necessity is our sub-
Treasury scheme. It was that which brought, in
pact, upon the country the necessities which now
trouble it, by withdrawing from the circulation
of the country more gold than was required for
the wants of the Government.
And another element which I suppose has con-
tributed to tile result at which we have arrived,
is the speculative tendencies of the country, which
have been pushed on by the tariff policy of the
Government for the last four, five, or six years,
until finally we are brought to another revulsion,
analogous in cause, and to be cured in the same
way, as the revulsion of 1837.
These are the observations, Mr. Chairman,
which I desired to submit upon this bill. In
closing, I have only to say, that I recognize the
necessities of the Government, and 1 am not illib-
eral, I trust, nor have I ever been at any time, in
my votes, to aid the Government in carrying out
a most liberal policy m all its departments. And
therefore, when this bill shall have been placed
in a condition which I think will render it safe
for the interests of the country, I shall most
cheerfully give it my assent.
Mr. FLORENCE. As it is now three o'clock,
I do not desire, at this hour, to make any re-
marks upon the measure before us. I therefore
move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to. The committee
accordingly rose, and the Speaker having resumed
the chair, Mr. Pht.lps reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
tinder consideration, and particularly the biH of
the House (No. 4) to authorize the issue of
Treasury notes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the House
of Representatives, a list of officers against whom
there is an unadjusted balance standing over for
more than twelve months; which was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to my colleague to
withdraw that motion for a moment to enable
me to offer a resolution of inquiry, which I have
been trying to get an opportunity to do for sev-
eral days.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall object to
any resolution being offered if the motion is
withdrawn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would very cheerfully
withdraw my motion, if my colleague could ac-
complish his purpose by it; but as the gentleman
from Tennessee says, in advance, that he will
object to his resolution, it would be of no avail.
Mr. GROW. I know the kindness of heart
of my colleague, and will not ask him to with-
draw the motion under the circumstances.
The motion was agieed to; and the House ac-
cordingly, at seven minutes past three o'clock,
adjourned until Monday next, at twelve o'clock,
m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 21, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Vice Presidentappeared and took the chair.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter of the Secretary of Washington Territory,
communicating copies of the laws passed at the
session of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Washington, begun and held at Olym-
pia, December 1, 1856; which was ordered to lie
on tile table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of Hen-
rietta Carroll, widow of William Carroll, praying
to be allowed bounty land for the services of her
husband during the last war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of Sarah
Lovejoy, widow of Joshua Lovejoy, praying for
remuneration for property destroyed by the enemy
during the last war with Great Britain; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Copper Harbor, Lake Superior, praying for the
establishment of a seperate Indian agency for the
Indians of Lake Superior; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of the
Alexandria, Loudoun, and Hampshire Railroad
Company, praying for the erection of a bridge on
the piers of the Potomac acqueduet, and that the
company may be allowed to extend a branch of
their road into the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also presented the petition of members of
the bar of the circuit and criminal courts of the
District of Columbia, praying that the salary of
the judges of the criminal court may be increased;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of R. S.
Hamilton and J. E. L. Hamilton, heirs of Josiah
Locke, an officer in the revolutionary war, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented the
petition of Albert G. Hopper and iNancy Baldwin,
heirs of Garrett A. Hopper, a soldier ill the rev-
olutionary war, praying for ihe payment of a pen-
sion due to them; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. FITCH presented a memorial of citizens
of Allen county, Indiana, praying for the con-
struction of a ship canal around the Falls of Ni-
agara; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Air, HUNTER presented a memorial of heirs
of revolutionary officers of the continental line,
praying for the repeal of the acts of limitation of "
1792 and 1793, in order that the Court of Claims
may pass upon their claims; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. *
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Isaac
Swain, praying for the payment of a, balance of
his claim for damages, in consequence of the Joss
of the ship Ellen Brooks and cargo, rejected by
the Court of Claims; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Joseph Morrow, a soldier in the last war with
Great Britain, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of
Sioux City, Iowa, praying for the passage of an
act authorizing the entry of a portion of the lands
on which that city is situated; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of Rich-
ard E, Randolph, praying to be allowed bounty
land for services in the Florida war, in the year
183G; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the memorial of the
National Institution for the Promotion of Science,
at Washington city, asking for the aid of Gov-
ernment to enable that institution to retain and
support in a suitable manner the collections in. its
keeping; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. FOSTER. I present the petition of Na-
than Scolfield, praying for the renewal of a patent.
The petitioner states that some years since he in-
vented an instrument called a " governor," or reg-
ulator used for the purpose of governing or equal-
izing the motion of machinery driven by water or
steam power, but, for certain reasons stated in the
petition, he has not derived from it that amount of
compensation which is just and proper; and he
therefore asks for a renewal and extension of his
patent. I move that the petition be referred to
the Committee oji Patents and the Patent Office.
It was so referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Andrew Leiteh have leave to
withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. IYERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles P. Buekner, ad-
ministrator of William White, on the files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Major E. B. Babbitt, tbe
petition of Lieutenant James G. Benton, and the petition
of Brevet Major James Longstreet, on the files of the Sen-
ate, be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. A resolution
was offered some days since by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] to provide for the print-
ing of the President's message and the accom-
panying documents. That resolution is now the
basis of the Kansas debate, and aSenatorhas the
floor upon it to-day. I wish some arrangement
to be made by which that printing can be pro-
ceeded with. The resolution offered by the Sena-
tor from Illinois will not now answer. Itisnotin
proper form since the election of a Public Printer
by the Senate. I propose to offer now the usual
resolution, and, in accordance with our rules, to
refer it to the Committee on Printing. This can-
not be done without superseding the right to the
floor, which is held by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Bigler] for to-day at one o'clock;
but it is necessary for the public service that the
matter should be referred atonce to the Committee
on Printing, in order that a report may be made
to the Senate under our rules, and .that wc may
have these documents printed. The Senator from
Illinois proposes to solve the difficulty by a mo-
tion which he will make, and then I shall ask
leave to offer the usual resolution as a substitute
for the proposition he has submitted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Being desirous of expe-
diting the printing of these documents, so that
we can have them as soon as possible, I -have
consented to accept whatever amendment to my
original resolution the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing may deem proper; but, inasmuch
as that would take the subject on which the dis-
