1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
After 1864 the Legislature is authorized to sub-
mit the question of calling a convention to a vote
of the people. Most clearly the intent of the in-
strument is, that until 1864 no amendment shall
be made. Now, every man in the convention,
who has sworn to support the constitution, is
clearly bound by his oath to oppose any amend-
ment until 1864, and thus may prevent a memo-
rial to the Legislature from being agreed upon.
But we will suppose that it does not^ When the
question is presented to the Legislature, every
member of that body has sworn to support the con-
stitution; and, surely, it will not be contended that
he -supports the constitution when he expressly
violates one of its provisions. The constitution
provides that the question of amendment shall not
be submitted until 1864; if the member votes to
submit it at an earlier period he violates his oath.
I have heard members say that this oath to sup-
port the constitution only means to support it as
long as it remains in force; but this does not free
us from the difficulty; for, at the time the member
of the Legislature is called upon to vote, the con-
stitution is in force. How, then, can the man who
votes against its provisions avoid committing per-
jury ? But, for the sake of argument, I will admit
that the legislators consent to commit perjury.
Now, will some of your constitutional lawyers
oblige me by stating the number of votes it will
require to pass the bill? After 1864, the consti-
tution provides that it shall require two thirds to
pass a bill providing for a vote on this question
of amendment. But, previous to that time, what
number will it take? Time and experience may
demonstrate the imperfections of the constitution;
end the older the instrument the smaller should be
the number of votes required to change it. Does
it require a less number to change the Lecompton
constitution previous to 1864 than it would after
that period? When gentlemen break loose from
all legal restraints in their anxiety to advance a
favorite theory, they are sure to be brought up by
unforeseen troubles. Butl will suppose that the
law has been passed. That bill must contain a
clause pronibiting the convention from the intro-
duction of any amendment which would "affect
the rights of property in the ownership of slaves;"
for so the constitution provides, as we have al-
ready seen; and no member could refuse to vote
for this prohibition in the bill providing for the
call of a convention without disregarding his
oath.
But I will suppose that the convention is called.
It must be remembered that the constitution pro-
vides that " every person chosen or appointed to
any office under this State, before entering upon
the discharge of its duties, shall take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States and
the constitution of this State, and all laws made
in pursuance thereof," &c. Each of the dele-
gates to that convention must take this oath. I
desire to ask how those delegates can observe that
oath if they make amendments directly in conflict
with its provisions? The constitution prohibits
any amendment being made which destroys the
relation of master and slave. The President says
that the slavery question is the only one in con-
troversy, and the dulegate is prohibited from
amending the constitution so that it may be abol-
ished. My colleague, [Mr. Phillips,] who de-
stroys constitutional barriers by a bteath of air,
may do this easily enough; but those who legaid
the provision of a constitution as binding on the
people, might have more trouble. But I will sup-
pose that the amendments are made: what then?
Simply this: if there is one single citizen m the
State who chooses to object to the amended con-
stitution, he has nothing to do but to carry the
question into a court, and the court will decide the
whole matterinvalid, because the Legislature had
no power to provide for amendments until 1864.
And here would end this miserable delusion by
which men are deceived into the support of the
Lecompton constitution.
The object of those who seek to fasten this con-
stitution on the people of Kansas is to permit the
minority to rule the majority. The constitution
fastens slavery upon the people. That constitu-
tion can only be amended by a vote of two thirds
of the Legislature; and thus one third of the peo-
ple will continue slavery against the will and wish
of the other two thirds. This trick is too trans-
parent, and no sensible man should permit him-
self to be d'Vi.-ived by it.
The admission of a State into the Union is a
contract between the people of the State admitted
and ail the other States previously admitted. This
contract, like all others, requires the consent of
the contracting parties. Congress has no power
to force a State into the Union. If a State is ad-
mitted as a member of our Confederacy, such ad-
mission must be predicated on the consent of the
people. She must become a party to our national
compact. Now, this is a very simple matter, and
can be understood by everybody. Congress can-
not force Kansas into the Union without her con-
sent. Nor can such consent be inferred from the
adoption of a constitution. A Territory may in-
tend to apply/or admission—may form and adopt
a constitution, and afterwards it is discovered that
it would be detrimental to the best interests of the
Territory to apply for admission at that time, and
they signify their determination to Congress not
to become members of the Union—no one can deny
their rightto do so. Now, let us apply those plain
principles to the case of Kansas; and for the sake
of the argument, we will admit that the Lecomp-
ton constitution has been regularly adopted. Sub-
sequently to its adoption, the people of Kansas
have the question of their admission into the Union
submitted to them, and by an almost unanimous
vote they determine that they will not hp admit-
ted with that constitution. 'The legally recorded
votes of ten thousand men have spoken the dis-
approbation of that constitution. The Legislatuie
of the Territory have placed on our Journals their
solemn remonstrance against the admission of
Kansas with the Lecompton constitution. The
legally elected representative of the Territory,
clothed with her authority, and speaking hei
voice, stands on this floor, and in her name earn-
estly protests against this act of usurpation and
tyranny upon the rights of Ins constituency. Ad-
mit, then, all you can ask m reference to the
Lecompton constitution, and still, unless you
override all precedent and act in flagrant, open
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
Kansas cannot be dragged into the Union like a
j thief to a prison. She must come, if she comes at
all, voluntarily, fieely,and with the consent ofher
people and representatives. She must knock at
the door of Congress, and be received into the
1 bosom of the sisterhood of States upon her own
petition.
Thank God we live in a land of liberty, and
the broad shield of the Constitution is between
Congress and the freedom of the people. When
Kansas comes into the Union,let it be like ayoung
bride approaching the altar, with light step and
buoyant hopes, with her young heart's virgin af-
fections freely bestowed, and the dearest desires
of life all concentered in the solemn contract which
unites her destiny with ours forever. Let her not
| be dragged m like a beautiful, unwilling orphan,
j forced by a tyrannical and mercenary guardian
I into a union she loathes and despises; who ap~
I proaches the altar with tears upon her eyelids,
' entreaty upon her lips, and despair in her heart.
| But we are told that the people of Kansas are
I rebellious, and that therefore we should bring
| them into the Union. I never learned before that
i admission into the Union was a panacea for law-
I lessness and rebelliousness. Admission into the
! Union should be looked upon a? a great blessing,
; and we should be careful to bring into it no dis-
i cordant elements. If rebellion exists in Kansas,
i let the rebellious be punished. The President has
1 taken an oath to see the laws faithfully executed;
1 let him look to that matter in Kansas. Can we,
because a part of the people of Kansas are rebel-
lious, disfranchise them all, and force upon them,
at the point of the bayonet, a government which
they have never adopted. If admission to the
. Union is a remedy for rebellion, why not admit
, the Mormons, who at this moment have repudi-
ated our authority over them, and have assembled
aimies to repel all attempts to enfoiee, our laws,
and invite us to reason on the field of battle, and
to settle our claims by the edge of the sword and
the point of the bayonet?
1 Mr. Chairman, 1 have no wrongs to right—no
grievances to complain of. I am actuated by no
smiytcr motive—impelled to the course I have
taken by no impulse of blind passion. I was the
early and steadfast fiiend of Mr. Buchanan, and
: when otheis in my own district, who are now
claiming to be par excellence his peculiar friends,
' were waging an unrelenting warfare against him,
I was his advocate and defender. When the Dem-
ocratic thousands were gathering in their might
for the great battle of 1856, I was with them and
of them, whilst'the cold-hearted sycophants who
now come here to ask offices and honors, then sat
calmly in their houses, and refused even their
presence to swell the great Democratic councils
assembled under the very shadow of their dwell-
ings. James Buchanan was not worth fighting
for then, when a single vote might have determ-
ined the result of the election; but now, when he
has honors to bestow and offices to grant, these
men can come forward to denounce those who
fought the battle which made him President.
I have seen the same men, in former years,
when the dark spirit of bigotry and intolerance
gathered their sworn forces in their secret places
and secret dens, fraternizing and encouraging
those who were banded for our overthrow. And
when the Know Nothing force had swept the
land like an avalanche, these men were loudest
in their shouts of exultation at our defeat. But
I can afford to treat with cold contempt the oppo-
sition of those who denounced the immortal Jack-
son, and who.only come into the Democratic
party to share its spoils.
1 have calmly and patiently investigated this
question. I have taken no steps without deliber-
ation and careful reflection. I stand now where
I stood in 1856—on the platform reared for us by
the grand council of the Democratic party which
assembled at Cincinnati. J acknowledge the right
of no man, or set of men, to alter or amend that
creed until that national council shall again as-
semble. I have not changed, and I will not per-
mit those who have, to charge mc with inconsis-
tency. I have attempted the discharge of my
humble duty in a feeble way, with a singleness
of heart and a purity of purpose. I would rather
have the confidence and respect of those amongst
whom I began the journey of life, and who have
never wavered in their devotion, nor faltered in
my support, than to win the smiles of power or
the glittering honors of ill-gotten place. 1 am
now, and have been from the beginning of this
conti oversy, the steadfast and unwavering friend
of compromise andconciliation. If I have spoken
boldly, it was because I felt deeply. If I have
fearlessly laid bare the monstrous deformities of
the Lecompton constitution, it was that my fel-
low members might be the more ready to aid in
adopting some honorable and satisfactory scheme
by which these unjust provisions might be cor-
rected and adjusted.
I have already introduced a bill which I intend
for this purpose. As I intend to discuss my bill
hereafter, I propose now only to call attention to
some of its prominent features. But before I do
this, it may be more satisfactory that I should
give my reasons for opposing the amendment now-
pending in the Senate, offered by the honorable
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii.] That proposi-
tion is, that Congress shall incorporate a declara-
tion in the act admitting Kansas, that the people
of thatTerritory have the right to amend their con-
stitution at any time. Now, what is that declara-
tion worth? I say emphatically—nothing. Itis a
mere opinion of Congress, not worth the paper it is
written upon. No court would look at it; it is bind-
ing on nobody; and is of advantage to nobody. It
will only operate as a delusion and a cheat; be a
sort of shelter to those northern Democrats who
disobey the will of their constituents by voting for
what the people do not approve. It is also inter-
vention;for it attempts to give an interpretation to
the constitution of Kansas, which should be, and
must be, its own interpreter. There is only one
other proposition of compromise matured,so far
as I have heard; and that is, to insert a condition
m tiie act of admission securing the right of
amendment to the people. That kind of inter-
vention can only be justified on the ground that
the right of amendment is inalienable; and that,
as the fourteenth section of the schedule of the
Lecompton constitution denies this inalienable
light to the people of Kansas, that section is
therefore anti-repubiican. And it is certainly
true, whatever denies the inalienable rights of the
people is most clearly anti-republican: and as the
Constitution of the United States guaranties a
republican form of government to every State of
the Union, that clause in the Lecompton consti-
tution must be stricken out. This proposition is,
however, much less objectionable than the other
