1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
There is substance in this, for it is a positive con-
dition. I will not stop to examine whether the
section in the constitution I mentioned is anti-
republican or not. All those who agree with the
President must admit that the fourteenth section
is an attempt to deprive the people of an inalien-
able right. I, however, object to the proposition,
because the condition, even if it is obligatory, does
not secure the power to amend in a practicable
shape. The returns of the election for State offi-
cers are held in the pocket of a man in whom I
have no confidence. No one can certainly pre-
dict which party will receive the certificates of
election.
The representatives are elected for two years,
and the senators for three. If Calhoun declares
the pro-slavery ticket elected, of what value is
your condition ? The Legislature will not pass
an act to call a convention, and there the matter
ends for years to come. Disguise it as we may,
there is hardly a doubt now that the intention is,
not only to force a constitution on the people of
Kansas which they never adopted, but to place
over them rulers and law-makers who were never
elected by their votes. The uncertain result, not
' of the election, but of the future decision of John
Calhoun, is the chief obstacle to amicable adjust-
ment of the whole Kansas difficulties. To avoid
this my bill has been especially framed. I pro-
vide that Governor Denver, an honest man, who
has the confidence of all parties, shall be required
to call an extra session of the Territorial Legis-
lature, a legally-elected body, whose term of office
does not expire until next October, and that the
Legislature shall provide for the election of del-
egates to a convention, who shall assemble at a
time.and place fixed in the act; and to this con-
vention the Lecompton constitution shall be sub-
mitted for amendment. If the convention refuses
to amend the constitution it shall go into opera-
tion as it is. If, however, the convention pro-
pose amendments, such amendments shall be sub-
mitted to a vote of the people, in such manner
that the several amendments can be voted for or
against by each voter separately. Those amend-
ments which have a majority of the votes in their
favor, shall be incorporated in the constitution;
and from and after the termination of these pro-
ceedings, Kansas shall be one of the States of this
Union.
This avoids all the clumsy machinery provided
for in the Lecompton constitution, and places the
representatives under none of the terrors of vio-
lating the oaths required by its-provisions. This
bill is formed in exact conformity to the sugges-
tion of the President, as contained in his late mes-
sage. The President says:
"The will of the majority is supreme ; they can make
and unmake constitutions at pleasure. It would beab^uid
to say that they can impose fetters upon their own power
which they cannot attei wards remove. Ft" tins is true, they
might tie their envn hands for a hundred as well as ten yeais.
These are faudamtntal pnncipleb of American fieedom,
and are recognized, in some form or other, by every State
constitution. And if Congress, in the act of admission,
should think proper to recognize them, I can perceive no
objection to such a couise."
This right to alter or amend their constitution,
as contended for by the President, is recognized in
my bill. It secures the people no right they do not
already possess, according to the President's argu-
ment, and, therefore, there can be no objections
on the grounds that we are conferring extraor-
dinary privileges, and intervening in the affairs
of the Territory. There is not the slightest inter-
vention. We do not add to or take from the con-
stitution. We neither interpret its provisions nor
fetter it with provisoes, but we recognize, in an un-
questionable form, the power of amendment, and
then leave the people " perfectly free" to amend
the constitution or not, at their pleasure. Pass
this bill, and in ten days thereafter peace and
prosperity will prevail throughout Kansas; and
in ninety days her member will fill a seat on this
floor. If gentlemen desire a safe> satisfactory,
and speedy settlement of the troubles in Kansas,
let them help to pass this bill, not because it is
mine, but because it is right. It rests on correct
principles; does injustice to no section of the
Union. It obviates all the difficulties I have pointed
out m the Lecompton constitution; it frees us from
the charge of forcing a constitution on an unwil-
ling people, and unites and harmonizes all discord
in the great Democratic party of the North. Re-
ject this bill, drag Kansas into the Union, and the
most fearful consequences may ensue. Civil war
may deluge the Territory with blood, and the
brow of the future may grow dark with fearful
events, the end of which none living now may
see.
Permit me to ask southern members what they
hope to gain by forcing on the people of Kansas
a constitution which has never received their ap-
probation, and which almost one third of the del-
egates of the Lccompton convention repudiated
and refused to sign? Slavery never can exist long
in Kansas. Public opinion, the soil, climate, and
productions, all combine to drive it out. You may
continue, by the extraordinary provisions of the
Lecompton constitution, to fasten it there for a
time, but it will eventually die out like a sickly
exotic. The violence of the agitation occasioned
by the convulsive efforts of the people to cast out
the offensive intruder, may shake the foundations
of our great Confederacy. Sectional hate and
party hostility will destroy the last vestige of that
fraternal feeling which should bind together the
people of the North and the South You will
break down and destroy that great national party
which in all the years of the past has, with its
strong arms, held the national Unibn together.
In the nameofthatglorious Democracy, let me
implore you to pause before it is too late. Think
of the hallowed memories which crowd around
thepasthistoryofthatparty. Thereis noeventof
which we feel proud as a nation, or which excites
the admiration of our own or other people, which
was not the achievement of a Democratic head or
hand. Go to the battle-fields of the Revolution;
and as you stand on the sod once crimsoned with
the blood of brave and true hearts, remember that
the men who fought and died there were the sturdy
Democracy of the revolutionary time. Turn to
the Declaration of Independence; and as you read
its solemn truths, you will remember that its
author was the first great apostle of American De-
mocracy. Take up the Constitution of the United
States; and as the wisdom, justice, and liberality
of its admirable provisions and generous com-
promises challenge your admiration, the name of
James Madison, its Democratic draftsman, will
come back wifh its rich inheritance of fame. El-
evate your vision and look abroad over our glo-
rious country—see on the map the contracted
limits of the old thirteen States, and behold it now
extending from ocean to ocean; and remember
that every acre of that vast domain was secured
by Democratic wisdom, foresight, and legislation.
The broad sweep of the boundless prauie, the
swelling hillside, and the mountain summit, are
each proud monuments of Democratic wisdom,
whilst the
" Meanest rill, the mightiest river,
Roii mingling with its fame forever."'
The battle-field is red with Democratic blood shed
in defense of our country's honor. The deep sea
has heard the roar of Democratic cannon, bat has
never seen our country's flag go down in equal
fight.
"Permit me, then, to implore you, with the mem-
ory of the past so fresh upon us, that by no act
of folly and injustice, by no measure of tyranny
and oppression, you stain the hitherto untar-
nished reputation, and paralyze the power, of that
proud old party. Oh ! let it stand in the future as
it has stood in the past, like a rock in the sea,
against which the waves of fanaticism will break
in vain. And when we have given the inheritance
] we received from our fathers to those who come
after us, its strength will lie unimpaired, its glory j
unstained, and its freedom unshaken.
Mr. REAGAN obtained the door.
Mr. CLAY. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Texas, I move that the committee do
now rise,
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to speak, and am will-
ing to speak this evening. I trust, therefore,that
the committee will not rise.
Mr. CLAY. I insist upon my motion.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the committee will not
rise. There are several gentlemen wishing to
speak this evening, and I hope the gentleman will
go on.
The question was taken; and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not propose, Mr. Chair-
man, todiscuss the right of the people of Kansas
to admission into the Union; nor do I propose to
discuss the question as to whether the people of
Kansas have been guilty of frauds or not. It is
enough that I feel satisfied that great irregularities
have existed with both the contending-parties in
Kansas. It is enough for me that the result of the
action of the people of Kansas-is before us in the
form of a constitution which I deem republican in
its character. But I propose rather tb speak of
the general question of the anti-slavery agitation-;'
regarding this Kansas struggle, as I dor as- one
of the acts in that great drama. I propose, before
I take my seat, if I can accomplish what I desire'
to accomplish, to meet as plainly as I can and as
distinctly my poor abilities will permit, what-
I regard as the great paramount issue fairly ten-
dered to the people of the South by an all-perva-
ding and all-controlling sentiment that exists ill
the free States of the Union.
Gentlemen who represent the free States, the
people of the free States, the governments of the
free States, have their action controlled, as I hum-
bly conceive, by a set of principles violative of
the Federal Constitution, revolutionary in their
character, and destructive of the sovereignty and
equality of the States. These principles of action
of the people of the free States have caused the
deepest apprehensions on the part of the people
of the South. In view of the new phase of the
anti-slavery excitement, resulting from the pro-
posed admission of Kansas, a few of the southern
States have, through their Legislatures, taken
action. I have the honor to represent, in part,
one State which has taken action on this question.
The action of the Legislature of my State has
been called in question more than once on ihe floor
of this House; but I apprehend that those who
have called it in question misapprehend the true
character and object of that action, or desire still
further to press us to the wall. To this I shall
try to call the attention of the committee here-
after. The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bcfr- .
roughs,] in a speech which he made some weeks
since, made allusion to Texas, and to the resolu-
tion of the Legislature of that State. I desired
then to have replied to his argument, not so much
because of any intrinsic merit in the argument, not
so much because of anything that was calculated
to mislead the minds of members here, as because
it was one of that delusive character of arguments
resting upon a false basis, which was calculated
to urge a fanatical people at the North on to the
destruction of our Government,
I shall refer to some statistics before me, in
order to reply to those remarks in reference to
Texas; and some of them in reference to the South
generally.
It was charged by that gentleman that Texas
had cost the Union $200,000,000, and that now
Texas proposes to leave the Union unless Con-
gress admits Kansas under the Lecompton con-
stitution. Now where the gentleman obtained
his figures that Texas cost the Union $200,000,001)
I am at a loss to know. Why, sir, Texas, after
throwing off the power of a despotism which
disregarded constitutional liberty, after she had
thrown off the fetters which had been intended to
bind her from the assertion of her civil and reli-
gious liberty, after having stricken down the tyrant
who would have enchained her in slavery, and
erected a government, and after having passed
through the trials of infancy for nine years and
more, she came here with three hundred and
eighteen thousand square miles of the finest coun-
try the sun of heaven ever shone upon, with the
finest productions of earth, and with a people
who appreciated constitutional liberty—a people
who had imbibed the spirit of American inde-
pendence—a people who had learned its value
from suffering from the powers of despotism: they
tendered you an empire ofthreehundred and eigh-
teen thousand square miles of territory without
price—without any $200,000,000.
We surrendered this territory, and we did more
than this. We surrendered our national exist-
ence; we surrendered our national banner, around
which, in its short history, had been thrown a
halo of glory unsurpassed by that of any oiher
nation of the same age; we surrendered a terruory
nearly as large as one half the original thirteen
States.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman certainly
does not intend to say that the State of Texas
\ \ has ever surrendered her lands to the United
H States ?
!: Mr. REAGAN. Of course I do not say she
