1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hiring a building for a custom-house and paying
rent for it, while eight or ten thousand dollars
would complete the custom-house in the course
of erection so that it could be occupied by the
Government for the purposes for which it was
designed.
The gentleman from Virginia has spoken of
the amount of duties received by the Government
at that port. If the gentleman would go back to
the years before the making of the reciprocity
treaty, he would find that the revenue far exceeded
then what it does at the present time*, and yielded
the Government a handsome income over and
above all expenses. Let me tell that gentleman
that the internal and coastwise trade and com-
merce-of Oswego amounts to more than fifty mil-
lion dollars annually; that it is the main point at
which property and goods are imported into the
United States from Canada under the treaty which
allows certain articles to come in free of duty;
that the work now performed at that port is
greater under the provisions of that treaty in de-
termining what goods are to be received as be-
longing to the free list, and in determining what
are to be excluded,than it wasbefoie the forma-
tion of that treaty. As that treaty allows alarge
quantity of goods and property to be imported
into this country from Canada free of duty, it ne-
cessarily follows that the duties collected at that'
port are less than before the adoption of that
treaty, although tl^mports at that point, and the
labor performed by the officers there, exceed what
they did before the treaty. Therefore it is not
fair, m computing the cost of the custom-house,
and the salaries of the officers located at that
point, to judge of them by the amount of money
brought into the Treasury by way of revenue
upon imports, because there are labors to be per-
formed in regard to property and goods imported
upon which no duties are tosbe collected. And
the gentleman, in order to make out the cost to
the Government of maintaining officers at that
point, includes in his estimate the salaries of the
very men who have to perform these duties in re-
gard to goods upon which the Government col-
lects no duties.
These are the facts in regard to the port of Os-
wego. The custom-house has been commenced
and is neaily completed. It is an important point
in our trade with the Canadas. Its trade with those
Provinces is greater than thatof all the otherports
in the United States put together. Therefore it is
easy to see the extent of the duties of those offi-
cers, and the amount of labor to be performed by
them, and the necessity for a custom-house such
as is being crected. in times past this port has
yielded the Government a revenue, exceeding by
hundreds of thousands of dollars the cost of its
collection, and now its imports are double and its
trade greater than in those times, butalarge por-
tion of the imports are not charged with duties;
still, as is appaient, the labor to be performed is
not diminished, but increased. The amount of
its trade and commerce fully justifies this appro-
priation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. I have no desire to do any
injustice to the port of Oswego, or to any other
place m tins country, and when I refer to the
facts certified here, upon the records of the coun-
try, it seems to me that I am doing no injustice in
piesentmg those facts to the committee, and ask- i
mg them ro give them that consideration to which ,
they are entitled. j
Mr. GOODWIN. Will the gentleman allow !
me to ask him one question just here? I
Mr. LETCHER. I will.
Mr. GOODWIN. Is the gentleman not aware
that the amount of revenue received at the cus- 1
torn-house at Oswego before the reciprocity treaty ;
was adopted, considerably exceeded the cost of j
collecting the revenue at that point? i
Mr. LETCHER. If the receipts did not ex- :
ceed the cost of collection, all I have to say is, ;
that the Government made a very bad bargain in 1
erecuns: the custom-house. Since the reciprocity
treaty was made, the revenue has run down very
low,and itcosts three dollats now tocoliectevery ;
dollar the Government gets at that port. Now,
if the revenue was twenty -five or thirty thousand |
dollars be fore the ren procity treaty went into oper- '
anon, it cost ^ 18,000 to collect it, leaving a sur- .
plus of only while it costal 13,000 to es- :
tauksh a custom-house there. So that even in i
that point of view the Government made a very
bad bargain.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
whether the duties of the custom-house officials
| at that point, as well as at some other points in
' the country, are not rather to prevent smuggling
than to collect money ?
Mr. LETCHER. I shorld not suppose there
would be much smuggling when there is a reci-
procity treaty which allows goods to come in free.
Mr. GOODWIN. All goods are not admitted
free.
Mr. LETCHER. If it took all these men to
collect revenue when there was a full trade, it
seems to me that we might reduce the number
when business is slack.
Mr. HATCH. I would ask the arentleman from
Virginia whether he would be willing to open the
ports of the Government as ^matter of economy,
and abolish all the revenue districts in the North-
west ?
Mr. LETCHER. I take it that the fact of re-
fusing to build a custom-house, or of building a
custom-house, has nothing to do with the policy
of the Government in regard to free-trade or the
I collection of revenue afca port. This is a business
| of very recent growth. It has all sprung up since
; the year 1841. How did the Government colject
! its revenue before that time? There was no ne-
: cessity then to build custom-houses. The sys-
: tem was begun in 1841, and has been carried
; on ever since. Within the last few years it has
I grown more extravagant agd profligate, until now
custom-houses are locate*at multitudes of points
where the whole revenue collected does not pay
the interest on the money expended.
Now, I say that this is bad policy. The
appropriations ate made to be dependent on the
! caprices of the members of the House, or on the
j influences which a log-rolling bill, embracing
. North and South, may bring here to aid such an
i operation.
! Here is this amendment, which comes in with
j ail the incomplete custom-houses and incomplete
j marine hospitals scattered from Galena to Flori-
; da, from the East to the West; and it does seem
; to me that, when they are left not to stand on
I the merits of each one of the propositions, but on
j the power and strength which the combined mfiu-
I ences of all of them can bring to bear, it is not
1 the sort of legislation that is calculated to pro-
| mote the public interests.
j The question was taken on the amendment;
, and it was rejected.
t Mr. AVERY. I offer the following amend-
\ ment:
I For additional appropriations for a court-house and post
office at the city of Memphis, Tennessee, and that the said
buildings be used for a custom-house and post office,
§100,000.
I will read from the report of Captain Cowman:
Proposals have been received for lots in Memphis, from
which to select a site for the building designed to be used
j lor a post office and United Stares court. The sum of
$50,000 was appropi iared for the purchase of a site and the
erection of the building. This is wholtv inadequate; oneof
the sites offered, alone', exceeds ihe appropriation $25,000,
and all of them are so near th^ amount appropriated as to
leave a balance entirely too small to erect a suitable build-
ing I would respectfully suggest that, as there are no Um-
I ted States eouits held at Memphis, ifCongress sec fit to in-
crease the amount '-uffieicntiy to puichase a site and erect
the building, that they he requested to allow the rooms de-
signed tor the court to be appropriated to the use of a cus-
tom-hou?e.
" Total amount of appropriation §50,000
i " Amount expended to September 30, lfc>57  20
I " Balance available for completion of the woik. ..$'49,980"
! This amendment is in conformity with the ree-
^ ommcndation made here by Captain Bowman.
, At the last session of Congress $50,000 was ap-
, propnated for the erection of a court-house and
i post office in the city of Memphis. That was a
; mistake. It was intended by the members who
proposed the appropriation, and by those who
had any interest in the matter, that it should be
! for a custom-house and post office. As truly
j stated hero by Captain Bowman in his report,
there is 110 Federal court held in the city of Mem-
phis. It was intended, as I say, for a custom-
house and post office. This amendment is to in-
crease the appropriation ^50,000, the appropria-
tion being, as stated officially by the gentleman
in charge of the bureau, inadequate for the erec-
■ tion of a custom-house and post office at that
1 place. As he states here, $50,000 would not buy
the ground. In different portions df this^Confed-
eracy, where appropriations have been made to
very large amounts for the erection of custom-
houses and post offices, the revenue collected at
those points does not begin to compare with the
revenue collected at the city of Memphis. In some
points the excess of expenditure over the revenue
collected is a very large and extravagant amount.
Now, how does Memphis, Tennessee, compare
with these other places? The revenue collected
at that point is $112,883 90.
Mr. EITSTIS. How much of that revenue is
for railroad iron?
Mr. AVERY. I do not know. I have not
looked into it.
Mr. EUSTIS. If the gentleman will examine
it, he will find that much of it is for railroad iron
—a mere temporary matter.
Mr. AVERY. I have not looked into the
items; but I say that a very large amount of this
revenue is for merchandise imported directly from
foreign countries, irrespective oftherailroadiron,
which is really landed and subject to custom-
house duties at that point. But I dare say that
at a great many other of those points where the
revenue collected does not equal the amount of
expenditure to carry on the operations of the cus-
tom-houses, a large portion of the revenue is de-
rived from railroad iron. In view of the appro-
priations that have been made at other points
where the.expenditure largely overruns the rev-
enue collected, I ask that this appropriation be
made for Memphis. |
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am opposed to the
amendment, and I want to make a few remaiks
that will apply to all of them. The objection I
have to this particular amendment is, that the
work is not under contract, and is not embraced
in the estimate sent m by the Secretary of the
Treasury. I concur with my friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] in opposition to this whole
system, which began live years ago. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury did not send in the esti-
mate until it was far on in the session, the reason
being that he was determined to prosecute no
public works except such as the Government had
contracted for. It was in consequence of that,
that the estimate now submitted by the gentleman
from Louisiana did not reach the Committee of
Ways and Means until within a few days past.
It was presented by the Committee of Ways and
Moans as an amendment. I have no doubt that
this Government is bound at law to pay every*
dollar of its obligations under contract.
I have been opposed to the whole system. I
was a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means six years ago when this log-rolling system
commenced; and when we tried to limit the ex-
penditure wc were voted down in the House.
Amendments were offered in committee by gen-
tlemen from Louisville, Cincinnati,and St. Louis,
for custom-houses and marine hospitals all over
the country, beginning in Maine and running
down to California, until millions were thus log-
rolled in, and until the bill become almost too
heavy to carry.
It was put through. Rut it was found that when
it was left to the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, he adapted the buildings to the amount
of money appropriated; and, in order to take it
out of his power to do that, you will find, by re-
ferring to the past legislation of Congress, Con-
gress prescribed for the Secretary the size of the
buildings, and the materials to be used, so that
when the Secretary came to order contracts to be
made, he found that he was completely crippled,
and had no discretionary power, but was obliged
to make the buildings of a certain size, and of
certain materials. But the money appropriated
was not more than half sufficient to construct the
buildings provided for, and he put up the con-
tracts to the lowest bidders. The consequcnce
was that some fellows got the contracts at low
prices, and after living on their contracts for six
months, threw them up. Well, the Secretary is
bound to go on. He has no power to contract
beyond the amount appropriated, and he is un-
able to prosecute the work until Congress makes
further appropriations. ^ Matters have continued
in this way for live or six years. Under this sys-
tem, the Secretary of the Treasury was obliged,
during the last winter, to make contracts, and the
present Secretary of the Treasury has sent in a
