114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
people at the election for the adoption of the constitution,
shall be obligatory upon the United States and the said
State of Kansas."
The bill read in place by the Senator from Geor-
gia, on the 25th of June, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, contained the same section,
word for word. Both these bills were under
consideration at the conference referred to; but,
sir, when the Senator from Illinois reported the
Toombs bill to the Senate, with amendments, the
next morning it did not contain that portion of the
third section which indicated to the convention
that the constitution should be approved by the
people. The words," and ratified by the people at
the electionfor the adoption of the constitution," had
been stricken out. Who struck these words out,
or for what purpose they were omitted, is not for
me to answer. But, sir, I cannot be persuaded
that it was intended thereby to secure to the peo-
ple of Kansas the right to vote on the constitution.
I know the Senator assumed the other day, that
wherever the law is silent on the subject, the in-
ference is in favor of submission; but, sir, a full
examination of the precedents bearing on that
point has shown me that the converse of the prop-
osition has the weightof authority,and that which
he has laid down as the rule of precedent, has sel-
dom, if ever, happened. Indeed, I failed to dis-
cover a single instance in which tile people have
voted on the preparatory constitution where the
act of Congress was silent on the subject. But,
yielding this point, how is the Senator to recon-
cile this position with the understanding of the
subject he has so clearly indicated on other occa-
sions? For instance, if it be an allowable con-
clusion, that where the law is silent on the sub-
ject, the constitution must be submitted to a vote
of the people, why did the Senator insert the clause
which I have already quoted in his bill of the 7th
of March; and why did he insert a similar pro-
vision in the law for the admission of Minnesota?
Then, again, if by striking these words out of the
bill of the Senator from Georgia, its import was
in no wise affected, why were they stricken out'
Such, sir, were the facts and circumstances
■which led me to believe that the Toombs bill was
to bring Kansas into the Union without a vote on
the constitution. Possibly my impressions are
not warranted; but be that as it may, I cannot bo
persuaded that tlie Senator intended to secure to
the people the right (o vote on the constitution,
by striking from the bill the words making that
policy necessary, or that the convention would
have been bound to extend that opportunity to the
people, simply because the act of Congress said
110 such thing. But enough on this point. Now
Jet me proceed to timore important branch of my
remarks.
In order to a proper understanding of the sub-
ject under discussion, it is necessary to start with
a clear view of the relations existing between the
Territory of Kansas and the Federal Govern-
ment. The organic law declares that "the legis-
lative authority of the Territory shall extend to
all rightful subjects of legislation;" and also that
the people shall be left "perfectly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States."
I hold that the extension to the people of the
opportunity of so forming and regulating their
institutions, by designating the times and places
where they may meet and elect delegates, and
where the delegates shall assemble when elected,
and how they should proceed, is a rightful sub-
ject of legislation; and that the Legislature of
Kansas was bound, as a matter of duty, to re-
spond to the almost clamorous demand of the
people for a change from their territorial to a
State government, as manifested for two years
past, a portion of whom had attempted to erect
the Territory into a State in the most irregular
and even unlawful manner; as they had also a
right to take notice of the manifestations ol will-
ingness 011 the part of Congress, expressed in
1856, to receive the Territory into the Union even
with her then meager population.
I hold also that there are but two sources of
governmental authority for the people of a Ter-
ritory—the one is Congress, the other is the peo-
ple themselves; and that when Congress, as in .
the case of Kansas, has conferred upon the peo- i
pie all the legislative authority with which they 1
were invested, the people are entirely unrestrained
in the matter of institutions of government, ex-
cept by the Constitution of the United States. It
needs no argument, then, to showthat the people
of Kansas have a right,under the organiclaw, to
adopt any measures they may deem proper to
change their form of government; that in doing
this they have a right to delegate their sovereign
authority to representatives to any extent they
please—to the extent only of preparing forms of
government for their supervision, acceptance, and
ratification, or to the extent of making and adopt-
ing a constitution and State government for ad-
mission into the Union; that where there is no
limitation in the original grant of authority, the
latter measure of power may be exercised; that
the sovereignty of the people is inalienable, and
must revert to them after having performed the
functions for which it was delegated, and that
therefore the people are at all times clothed with
authority to alter and amend their forms of gov-
ernment; but to hold that the people cannot dele-
gate their sovereign authority to make laws for
their own use and enjoyment, is to discard our
whole representative system, and the practice
under it since the Government began. And to say
that laws so made, unless the popular sense is
taken upon them, are oppressive or wanting in
authority, is to lay down a rule which would re-
quire the submission of all the statutes to the
popular vote. Indeed, on this principle, the Dec-
laration of Independence, the Bill of Rights, the
Constitution of the United States, might be called
acts of oppression, for neither received the sanc-
tion of a popular vote.
I maintain that the people of Kansas have the
right to make a constitution and State govern-
ment; that Congress cannot participate in that
woik, either as to its substance or form; that
whilst Congress might attempt to proscribe how
the people should do this, it would be optional
with them whether they adopted that way or
pursued some form of their own. Congress may
invite the people to make their government in a
prescribed mode, but cannot require compliance,
except that Congress could refuse the Territory
admission as a State; but this proceeding of the
people must, he in accordance with and under the
direction of the laws of the Territory; it must be
the offspring of law, and not of a spirit of rebel-
lion, as in the case of the Topeka convention.
I do not understand the honorable Senator from
Illinois to hold an enabling act to be indispensable
in all cases. He cannot hold this in the face of
the numerous precedents to the contrary; but he
certainly does maintain that in the case ofKansaa,
all that the people have done shall be disregarded,
not because they have not done it according to
law, but for the reason that, in his opinion, they
have not done it in the right way. Waiving for
the present the question as to whether their way
was right or not, the first question that suggests
itself to the mind is, what has become of the great
Kansas-Nebraska law; that neweharterof rights
to the people of the Territories, which declares
that it is "not intended to legislate slavery into
any Territory, or exclude it therefrom, but to
leave the people perfectly free to make their do-
mestic institutions in their own way ?" [s it to
be abandoned, and thus summarily pronounced
a failure ? Be that as it may, he cannot convince
me that the people have not the right to make
their domestic institutions m their own way,
until he repeals so much of the organic act as says
theij shall do this precise thing.
It has conferred upon the people not only all
the powers Congress possessed under the Con-
stitution, as to the kind of institutions which
should be made, but also, and just as expressly,
as to the mode, manner, and way of making
them. The Senator proposes to reject what the
people have done, and confer upon them now
grants of power; and yet, if there is any one
tiling clear in all this Kansas question, it is, that
as to the kind of institutions the people shall
have, and the way in which they shall be made,
they already have complete authority. It is
tiue that Congress still has the power to say that
Kansas shall not come into the Union; but I can-
not sec how that body can confer any additional
authority as to the way in which she shall be
prepared to come in. I will not be contradicted
when I say that the question between the friends
and enemies of the Kansas bill, was, whether
tile people of the whole Union, acting through
their representatives in Congress, should legislate
on slavery in the Territory—no one ever claim-
ing the right to legislate on any other domestic
institution—or whether the question should be
dealt with by the people of the Territory, in their
own way, through local representatives of their
own selection. This question was settled as no
other question had ever been settled before—by
the concurrence of all the departments of Gov-
ernment, by Congress, by the executive, by the
judiciary, and by the people at the polls. And,
Mr. President, I must confess to great amazement
when I heard the honorable Senator assume, the
other day, that the people of ICansas, acting under
his boasted grant of'' perfect freedom," could not,
in the matter of making a government for them-
selves, rise above the dignity of suppliants to
Congress to ratify their irregular and unauthor-
ized proceedings; not on the ground, even, that
what they had done was itself entirely inadmis-
sible, but because it had not been done in the
right way. The organic act says they shall do
this thing "in their own way. Will the Sen-
ator say the way they have embraced was not
the way of the people ? Will he contend, in the
face of his Springfield speech—to which I shall
allude more particularly hereafter—that the peo-
ple have not had a fair opportunity to reflect their
will through the ballot-box; or, if a portion of
them refuse to do this when invited, bccause they
are determined to disregard their own local laws,
that the responsibility is not their own? Cer-
tainly not.
Wherein, then, is the case of the convention
defective? I deny in toto the Senator's right to
go behind the legal and authorized aspect of the
case. Congresses not hereafter to deal with the
question of making institutions in Kansas, either
as to their character or mode of formation. The
rights of the people as to this matter are circum-
scribed by the Constitution only; and when an
issue between their action and that instrument
shall arise, it must be a question for the judiciary,
and not for Congress; and so the Senator from
Illinois has often held, especially on the question
of squatter sovereignty. When, therefore, the
people apply to Congress for admission as a State,
through the agency of a convention of delegates
selected by themselves in a legal and orderly
manner, under the broad terms of the organic act,
and in these days of non-intervention, having
decided the slavery question by popular vote,
the only proper inquiry for Congress will be: Is
the constitution republican ? Mr. Madison's dis-
cussion of the obligations of the Federal Govern-
ment to guaranty to every State in the Union a
republican form of government, to be found in
the " Federalist," but which is too voluminous
for use on the present occasion, is, to my mind,
clear on this point.
The honorable Senator has resorted to musty
authorities to sustain his new positions; but I am
not disposed to resort to means of that kind to
controvert them. Indeed, it would hardly be fair
in these days of non-intervention. I had sup-
posed that, after the era of this new doctrine, old
relics would be forgotten, and that we were to
have a simple, plain system for the Territories,
to wit: that the people from all the States should
go into the Territories with all their property, in-
cluding slaves, and legislate for themselves up to
the full measure allowable by the Constitution of
ij the United States, withoutrevision or interference
[l by Congress; and that, in their own time and in
j; their own way, they should be allowed to prepare
[' for and ask admission as States. Besides, it is
]! extremely difficult to tell exactly what the prece-
I1 dents of Congress, States, and statesmen, would
i' teach on this subject. I have taxed my brain to
j| the utmost to make a fair deduction from this com-
plicated contest, and find it exceedingly difficult
to show decisive authority for any of the points
involved. I discover that the States of Maine,
Michigan, Vermont, Arkansas, Tennessee, Tex-
as, Iowa, Florida, and California, were admitted
into the Union without what is called enabling
acts; Ohio, Indiana, Mississippi, Louisiana, Illi-
nois, Alabama, Missouri, and Arkansas, came in
under acts of Congress; and that Vermont, Ohio,
Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Missouri, Ar-
kansas, and Wisconsin, according to the best
authority I can find, came into the Union under
constitutions which had not been submitted to the
popularvote. Certain States, under enabling acts,
