THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 20, 1858.
New Series, .No. 140.
the example he sets of constant attendance and
strict discharge of duty. [Great laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. One word more. A good
deal has been said about the contracts which have
been made by the Treasury Department in con-
nection with these buildings. Now, I will tell my
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] where he will find the
entire information, which will show where con-
tracts have been made for the entire construction,
or for the construction in part, or where the Gov-
ernment is building a house in connection with
the supplies purchased by contract. And I here
take this occasion to say, that there are no con-
tracts which have not been reported by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in his annual report upon
the finances. So I was informed by him yester-
day morning, and I thought the fact should be
known, that he might not be held liable for con-
tracts beyond his province.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to know
of the gentleman whether the Executive Depart-
ment has not made contracts in anticipation of
appropriations ?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know. I was told
yesterday morning that this table'.would furnish a
statement of all the contracts.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If contracts have
not been so made, why is it that we are told by
Mr. Bowman that these increased appropriations
are necessary to meet contracts ?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know why it is so;
but I went to the office yesterday morning, for 1
thought it remarkable that the Secretary of the
Treasury should make a report stating the date
of the appropriation, the date of the pui chase of
the lot, the date of the contract, and the date of
the completion of the contract, if the fact was not
as reported to this House; and upon inquiring
there 1 was informed the matter is as 1 have
stated it.
The question recurringupon the amendment of
the gentleman from New York 
Mr. PALMER, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. MILES. 1 move to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Louisiana, so as to appro-
priate $301,000 for the custom-house at Charles-
ton, instead of §300,000. I desire to say a word or
two in reference to this particular custom-house,
because I think it really appeals somewhat to the
common sense of the House, and I wish to make
a few common-sense remarks upon it.
We have undertaken, whether wisely or not,
to build a very costly custom-house in the city
of Charleston, it may have been bad policy to
build so expensive a structure. I do not hesitate
to say that I would be willing to see ail custom-
houses abolished from ope end of the country to
the other,and the system of dnect taxation lesorted
to as a means of raising revenue to carry on the
Government. But that is not now under consid- j
eration. Congress, sir,has determined, however,
to build a fine custom-house at Charleston. Are
we now prepared to abandon this determination ?
In our southern climate the suspension of opera-
tions on a work already commenced, is to injure
the work already done, very materially. In a small
city like Charleston, with a population of not
more than sixty thousand inhabitants, the bring-
ing together of a body of workmen of the requi-
site skill, is a matter of time. It canhot be done
instantaneously or rapidly. If you dismiss them
after they are collected, all at once, it will cost a
vast deal more hereafter to reorganize yourforcc
of artisans, and go on with the work.
And besides that, I contcnd that this is a matter
of contract. It may be, as my friend from Vir-
ginia contends, that the carrying on of the work
is a Government operation, and not a work under
contract. But the most costly portion of the work,
the quarrying of the marble, is under contract. The
Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual report,
alluding to the progress of the work upon the
new custom-house in Charleston, says:
" The building is very large, and as none but the very best
quality of marble is received, it tasks ail the quarnes fur-
nishing the right description of marble to their utmost capa-
140
City to supply it as fast as it could be worked into the build-
ing. In quarrying marble for such a building, the blocks
taken from the quarry must be used for tlie part of the build-
in? for which they are best suited, without legard to what
part of the building it may be. When a block 13 taken from
the quarry suitable for a capital, architrave, window-jamb,
door-jamb, &c., (all difficultstones to get,) it is cut for that
purpose, though it may not be required until near the com
pletion of the building. In this way,although the structure
is not raised as high asit was hoped itwould be at this time,
yet a very large amountof the most difficult and expensive
part of the marble is on hand, ready to be put up at the
proper time."
Now, sir, I assert, from my individual knowl-
edge, that the space around that new building in
process of construction is absolutely incumbered
with blocks of delicately sculptured marble, which
lie exposed to the weather and accidental injury.
They lie there because we are obliged to woj-k
them in as they are needed, and not as they come
to hand. If you suspend the work, the contract
for supplying the stone still goes on,and you keep
accumulating a costly mass of worked stone; you
accumulate the interest upon the money spent in
quarrying and carving it, and you run the risk of
being prosecuted for damages by the contractors
for furnishing the stone; and at the same time the
work is suffering positive injury from exposure
to the weather.
I trust that the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, known himself to be in favor
of strict economy, which he has exhibited again
and again, and that the statement of Captain
Bowman, one of the most accuiate and ahle of our
engineers, will be sufficient, together with the
practical views I have presented, to induce this
House to vote this appropriation. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. GARNETT. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Louisiana, to come in at the end:
Provided, '.I'llat no pait ol'lhe appropnution hereby made
for any building phall be oxpei'dod unt-1 s-uch pHns ate
adopted and contracts nndo a*; \v,)l in>ure the completion
and furnishing such building within the amount appropri-
ated.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Do I understand
the gentleman to offer his amendment in good
faith ?
Mr. GARNETT. I offer this amendment with
no design of withdrawing it, because I really think
that it is right, and I desire that it shall pass.
Neither do 1 offer it with any desire of embar-
rassing' the amendment of the gentleman from
Louisiana. I did not rise to oppose his amend-
ment, or to make any comments either for or
against it. But I wish to say, that when ih *se
custom-houses were undertaken, wu had a full
Treasury, and ci condition of great'prosperity
throughout the country. There is no doubt that
large revenues induced us—as large revenues wiii
always operate on individuate or Governments—
to undertake many things which we otherwise
would not have dreamed of. It induced us to un-
dertake buildings on a scale of extravagance which
to change them, if he thinks they are not ....
enough. But I do say there ought to be an end
of this thing, there ought to be a finality, some-
where, and whatever is appropriated ought to be
appropriated with the understanding that that is
to be the last of them; that Congress is not to be
continually applied to, session after session, now
under the form of a general appropriation bill,
then under the form of a deficiency bill, but al-
ways with new estimates, new appropriations
asked for, and new appropriations granted.
We ought to know once for all where this thing
is gning to end. We ought to putastop to it, and
not permit your Departments, if they have done
so, (Ido not undertake to say they have) to go on
making contracts beyond the appropriations; or
if they have not done so, then we ought to rid
ourselves at once of these implied contracts, which
the gentleman from South Carolina has just al-
luded to. I should think that it would be agree-
able to the financial officers of the Government,
agreeable to the Secretary of the Treasury him-
self, who has the burden on his shoulders of
making one dollar do the work of two; agreeable
to all those gentlemen to knowat once how much
we wish spent on these marine hospitals and cus-
tom-houses, so that they can go on understand-
ingly, and have them completed for what we are
willing to spend upon them. It ought to be equally
agreeable to the friends of the custom-houses,
(and I believe no gentleman has spoken in favor
of the amendment of the gentleman from Louis-
iana, who has not a custom-house in his own dis-
trict) that they should receive enough once for all
to comnlpte the works.
Mr. LETCHER. This amendment is not to
complete the custom-houses at Charleston or New
Orleans. It will probably take a million and a half
of dollars for New Orleans, and how much for
Charleston I do not know.
Mr. GARNETT. I am as much in favor of
spending money for the benefit of New Orleans
or Charleston as of anywhere else; but when I am
told that New Orleans has had already $2,000,000
for a custom-house, I think that this $300,000
ought to complete it, and the same for Charleston;
and if those sums will not do for finishing them
on the original plan, then, I say, let some plan be
adopted which will insure their completion for
these sums.
Mr. EUSTIS. I would remark that with the
exception of the Treasury extension, the custom-
house at New Orleans, and the custom-house at
Chaileston, every dollar in the bill is appropriated
for the purpose of effecting the very object which
the gentleman has in view.
Air. GARNETT. Exactly so; but what is to
prevent them coming in next year and telling us
that this money appropriated for completing the
works was not quite enough for completing them,
and asking an additional sum of ten or fifteen or
twenty thousand dollars? Experience proves to
rarely equaled, and which the country would ji us that this will be done. I want to prevent it. "I
not tolerate had the operations commenced m the
present condition of the Treasury and the coun-
try. I think that the country is gcuuially of opin-
ion that we have undertaken too many of these
custom-houses. I think that the country gener-
ally is of opinion that those which we have under-
taken have been built upon a scale altogether too
extravagant, unnecessarily large, and unnecessa-
rily fine. They have been like tnis Capitol itself.
I have heard a gentleman say, who had seen all
the best buildings in Europe, that he never saw a
building carried on on the same scale of costliness
and magnitude.
But, custom-houses are built for business. They
are the workshops, if I may so express myself,
of the revenue system of the Government, and
while they ought to be built substantially, while
they ought to be built with some regard to archi-
tectural proportions and elegance, yet they should
not be built extravagantly. They ought to be
confined within a reasonable sum. I do not un-
dertake to say whether the precise sums proposed
in the amendment of the gentleman from Louisi-
ana are the right sums or not. He is at liberty
want once for ail to have the total expenditures
fixed. I am exceedingly glad, whenever I can do
so, to vote for money to be expended in the south-
ern States, because I do not think that they have
had a fair share of appropriations from this Gov-
ernment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILES. I agree with my friend from
Virginia [Mr. GarnettJ in his general proposi-
tion; but I cannot agree with him in saying that
after we have commenced costly buildings we
should abandon them, because we think they
might have been constructed on amoreeconomical
and less portentous scale. Now, as I said before,
when I had the honor of making a few remarks to
the committee, T am not discussing the policyof put-
ting up a costly custom-house; but I do say, that
I if you have commenced a costly building and have
made great progress in its construction, you should
finish it, and not throw away the money you have
expended. Certainly that is a ptactical common-
sense view of it. But I desire to say to my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. letcher,]who,with so keen
a sccnt, and with such undying and determined
