164
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 20,
35fH CONG,-.. 1st SEE
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bright.
Senate.
Q
experience lias demonstrated how dangerous it is :
to the peace and harmony of the Union for Con- >
gross to attempt its exercise in reference to the ■
domestic affairs of the Territories. Its inexpe- :
diency was shown by the ill blood and bitterness i
which it generated within these wallsand through- i
out the country. For relief and peace we turned
to that rule of non-intervention by which Con- J
gress has been since governed, ana which has re- !
ceived the decided approbation of a large major- .
ity of the American people. |
"With whatever zeal and energy I possessed, I !
sustained the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska j
act, By its provisions I am now ready to stand |
or fall. It meets no less the approval of myjudg- !
ment now than when it was first urged upon the j
consideration of the Senate. I was then and am ;
now ready to leave the people of the Territories j
free to decide their domestic institutions for them- |
selves. I am as willing that they should select j
the mode, as that they should have the power of i
decision. If I had thought when I sanctioned !
the principle that the people of Kansas and Ne- i
braska should not be free to decidc their domestic 1
institutions for themselves, that I had intervened to j
prescribe the mode in which that decision should |
be proclaimed, I should have done more than j
hesitate. I should have halted before I violated ;
a principle in its very enunciation. Whilst de- :
daring for non-intervention, I should never have ,
been willing to intervene against it. It is just ,
as much an offense against non-intervention that '
Congress should require one piece of legislation
as another. It violates the theory upon which 1
the act was based as much for Congress to pre- !
scribe the manner in which the Constitution should
be framed, and the requisites of its efficacy, as ,
that they should require a provision affecting the j
domestic interests of the Territory to be incor- !
porated in it. The only value of such a princi- 1
pie as runs through the Kansas-Nebraska act is -
itsentire consistency and coherency. If violated, j
even remotely, its virtue is gone forever. It
makes no difference by what instiumcnt the out-
rage is effected, it matters not whether it be the i
voice of Jacob or the hand of liNau, if the soul of .
it, the vital principle which sustained if and gave '
it both beauty and power, is violated. Whoever ;
supposed, when the Kansas-Nebraska act was '
passed, that Congress would ever afterwards be ,
troubled with the question as to the mode in which :
the constitution of Kansas was to be passed? ,
Who believed that it would be cause of offense if |
it was adopted after the form of approved piece- :
dents? If the matter of thntconstitution accorded
with the Constitution of the United States, did
we not put ourselves solemnly on the record that !
we would not intervene atramst it,? Were we ,
then, too, perpetrating what has become so famil-
iar a word of late in the vocabulary of eei tain Sen-
ators, " a swindle ?" I sent forth the plrdge to
the country that I would not refuse the oonsntn- ;
tion of Kansas, unless its provisions were in con-
flict with the Federal Constitution. That pledge
I intend to redeem at all hazards. No objection
is made, so far as I can learn, against any pro-
vision of that instrument as being contraiy to the
Constitution of the United States. If then; be
none such, let those of us, at least, who said in
effeet that such should be the only ground of
rejection, be silent.
The only complaint made is as to the method of
the making. Is there anything in the Constitution
of the United States which prescribes the mode
in which Territories shall be initiated into the
membership of States ? If there be any such clause
my reading has never shown it to me. If, then,
the Federal Constitution does not prescribe the
manner m which constitutions shall be made, and
if there be nothing in the constitution now pre-
sented which is in conflict with the Constitution
of the United States, in all sincerity and candor
I ask, how can we, who agreed to make that the
only test, refuse to admit Kansas into the Union r
No law of Congress, no regulation made by the
legislative authority of the Union, has been vio-
lated or evaded. The properly constituted and
legally authorized civil power of Kansas, after
full pioclamation of its purposes, adopted this
constitution in the way in which other constitu-
tions have been adopted, and in the way approved
by the philosophy and genius of our Govern-
ment. Nay, more: the Legislature of Kansas,
in its procedure, took counsel from this body, and
framed, both in principle and detail, the act call-
ing the constitutional convention upon the model
of the bill of the honorable .Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Toombs,] which received the decided
approval of the Senate. It secured the bona Jide
inhabitants of Kansas a fair election of delegates.
It provided for a registry of the legal voters of the
Territory. It did everything that a bill could do
to effectuate the purposes that were stamped upon
the face of it. Accidental or wrongful omissions
by the sheriff could be remedied by the probate
judges. There was no legal voter in the entire
Territory who could not avail himself of the pro-
visions of that fair and honest act under which
the election was held and delegates chosen. No
hosLile bayonets drove freemen from the polls—
no despotism sat there enthroned to dictate the
vote. The act of the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas calling the convention has extorted, even
from unwilling lips, the commendations of praise.
The honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] himself uses the following language:
" So fur as the act of the Territorial Legislature of Kan-
sas calling this convention was concerned, I have always
been under the impression that it was fair and just in its pro-
visions. J have always thought the people should have gone
together en masse and voted tor delegates, so that the voice'
expressed by the convention should have been the unques-
tioned and "muted voice of the people of Kansas. I have
ahvnys thought that those who stayed away fiom that elec-
tion stood m their own light, and should have gone and voted,
and should have furnished then names to be put on the re-
gistered li&t, so us to become voters. I have always held
that it was then- own fault that they did not thus go and
vote; but yet, if they chose, they had a right to stay away.'3
Under the provisions of the law calling the con-
vention the people of Kansas were left entirely
free to form then*own domestic institutions. If
pervcrsencss and faction there and elsewhere dic-
tated a policy which kept either a minority or ma-
jority from the polls, the fault was with the offend-
ers only. Their mouths, at least, are sealed against
a complaint. It docs not become them to come
before the country denouncing an act which, ac-
cording to their own confession, was performed
in {heir presence; and which, they say, they had
the power to prevent. If any outrage was perpe-
trated, it was, according to their own statement,
the outrage of a minority in the face of a majority,
proceeding quietly to exercise rights which had
been conferred by virtue of law. vVhich of these
two classes is entitled to our respect or consider-
ation ? Those who,m obedience to law, expressed
themselves at the ballot-box, like loyal citizens,
or those who stayed away for the known purpose
of fomenting a rebellion, whose standard had al-
ready be on lifted in the Territory ? This latter
class viewed a legal constitution as a calamity
worse than murder and lapine. Topeka was dear
to them, because it was illegal. To inaugurate
Topeka under the forms of law would be to ignore
the very purposi s for which Topeka was spoken
into existence. To them Topeka was only a
darling so long as he was a bastard—the bar sin-
ister endeared him—the proposal to crown him
with the honors of legitimacy was worse than a
" swindle."
If the adoption under the forms of law of a con-
stitution similar to that of Topeka had not, in the
opinion of the non-voting population of Kansas,
been the greatest calamity that could befall the
authors of that instrument, and the cause for
which it was gotten up, they would have quietly,
under the protection of law, voted at the election
for dekgates to form a constitution. Their first
purpose being a determination to keep up anti-
slavery agitation, they determined to make every
other thing bend to it. Accordingly, they refused
to vote, and, in some cases, forcibly prevented
the registration; and now, with a sublimity of im-
pudence which is without a parallel, set Up their
own pervcrsencss and faction as a reason for de-
feating the expressed will ofthe voting population
of the Territory.
Nothing, Mr. President, can be clearer to my
mind than the proposition that the act of delegates
legally elected, and acting within the scope ofthe
powers conferred upon them, is the act of the peo-
ple themselves. According to the genius and the-
ory of American constitutions, it is entirely im-
material by what majority such delegates are
elected, or what number of voters appeared at the
polls. The act of the delegate, moving within the
authority conferred upon him, is the act not only
of those who expressly deputed him, butof those
who had the opportunity to do so. It stands as
the, act of all such until legally sctaside or modi-
fied by competent authority. This principle is a
maxim both of law and political science. The
representative idea is the especial boast and glory
of our system. It is both its corner and keystone.
More than anything else it distinguishes our
system from those which have prevailed in other
stages of the world's history. It stands midway
between despotism and popularcaprice. Itprotects
against both. It gives stability and intelligence to
government. To it, more than to any other cause,
we are indebted for whatever of glory and power
have gathered around the American name. Whilst
it recognizes and adopts the great principle of de-
mocracy, that the people are the source and origin
of all political power, it so modulates and controls
that doctrine as to make it subservient to the pur-
poses of justice and right. Our fathers did not
stumble on it by accident. It was no sudden
thought even. It was born of wisdom. It was in-
troduced into our State and Federal constitutions,
and made a practical power there, by men who
had studied the past and found out its true teach-
ings. If the domain for which they were framing
a system of government had been as narrow in
its limits as ancient Attica, they still would have
adopted it.
Experience has fully vindicated their sagacity.
That they regarded this great principle not only
as just but as the only practicable one, is easily
seen by even a careless observer. Under the sys-
tem devised by them majorities were not only rep-
resented, but sections and even minorities. Both
under Federal and State constitutions minorities
may have the representative control. The ma-
jority never has that control unless it takes care
to have itself represented. Sometimes even that
control is expressly prevented. Delaware, on this
iloor, is made as potential as New Yoik. In the
more popular branch even, he who represents the
convictions of a majority exceeding five thousand
has no more power in the enactment of laws than
a colleague who may have succeeded by a ma-
jority of one. No majority, ever so large, can im-
press itself upon legislation except by firstcontrol-
lingthe representation. No matter howunanimous
public sentiment may be, no matter how strongly
a conviction may have fastened itself upon the
people, they are utterly and entirely powerless
for all the purposes of legislation except through
the medium of representation. The representative
opinion maybe in conflict with the popular voice;
an overwhelming majority may raise an indignant
protest against the expressed legislative will; yet
it stands as the controlling law until set aside in
accordance with legal forms. He who supposes
that the opinions of a majority, even when clearly
expressed, necessarily make the laws, has mis-
taken the whole theory of our Government. That
majority, before it can make itself effectual, must
fix upon its representative and clothe him with
the authority to speak in its behalf at the proper
time and place.
Not only is this so, but all of our constitutions
and charters, Federal and State and municipal,
are based upon the theory that whenever the peo-
ple, or any portion of them, have had an oppor-
tunity of voting and neglect or refuse to do so,
the only fair and proper presumption is that either
they have no convictions which they wish to ex-
press, or that they acquiescc with those who have
voted. This presumption is so absolute that for
wise and proper reasons it is not allowed to be
contradicted, no matter what may be the facts.
A member of the House of Representatives may
be returned by a single vote. It would be no ar-
gument against his right to a seat that ten thou-
sand men could be found in his district who would
have voted against him. In like manner it would
be no sort of objection to the validity or force of
a law passed by his vote that every man in his
district was opposed to its passage.
As far as the Federal Government is concerned,
there is no contrivance known to the Constitution
by which the powerof making laws of anykind,
fundamental or not, can be transferred from the
representative to the people. No amount of pub-
lic sentiment outside the legislative halls can en-
