2226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
pertinacity, opposes the expenditure of every dol-
lar which he thinks is not absolutely required by i
the most pressing necessity—I would say to him j
that in a pecuniary point of view he ought to let ;
this amendment go. With regard to my own city,
X would say, that if the expenditure for the cus-
tom-house reached the entire amount which has
been indicated of $3,000,000, the interest on that
money will not be the half of the income that is
collected at the port of Charleston.
But these are not arguments which I would de-
sire to dwell upon in urging these matters on the
committee. I think that a great country like this,
with such wealth, such power, such dignity in the
eyes of the world, should, whenever she does
anything, whether it be the erection of a custom-
house or the building of a navy, or the organi-
zation of an army, do it on a scale suitable to her
dignity, consonant with her wealth, and indica-
tive of her power; and, in that point of view, I
would desire to see all her public buildings models
of architectural beauty, and even of grandeur,
where grandeur would be appropriate to their
destined use.
Mr. LETCHER. My friend will allow me
to make a suggestion at this point. He says he
would like to have them built with due regard to
architectural taste; I should like, in addition to
that, that the Government should look to the length
of its purse.
Mr. MILES. Do I understand my friend to
intimate that the country is bankrupt? Really,
from the manner in which the members of the ,
Committee of Ways and Means and other gen- j
tlemen who are known as the especial guardians '
of the Treasury seem to shake in their shoes !
whenever an appropriation to complete a custom-
house is made, one-would really suppose that the
country was quivering on the brink of ruin.
Mr. LETCHER. "Well, if the Government is
not bankrupt, it finds it very hard to borrow
money.
Mr. MILES. Sir, the city of Charleston, from
which I come, raises, by taxing its citizens, within
a small fraction of §600,000 ayuar; and this whole
amendment, about which we have been wrang-
ling and talking- and debating for so long a time,
appropriates in all, taking in the Treasury exten-
sion, $1,700,000. Arc we to be told that twelve
hundred thousand or two millions of money is
such an enormous sum to the Government of the
United States as to provoke gentlemen to get up
and make the strongest and warmest appeals to
the patriotism and principles of members of the
House, to prevent its appropriation to carry on
works the most just and necessary, and to which
the faith of the country is already pledged? Sir,
I cannot so regard it. I look upon the amounts
called for in the report of the Secretary as mod-
erate and reasonable amounts for this Govern-
ment to expend for the purposes indicated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being upon Mr. Garjtett's
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. LETCHER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffintton
and Kklly were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-iour, noes not counted.
*• So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HATCH. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I appeal to the
gentleman from New York to withdraw that mo-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. It was the under-
standing that the committee should take a iccess
this afternoon.
Mr. HATCH. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I promised that I
would move that the committee take a recess until
half past seven o'clock. It is now a quarter to
five, and we are not half through this bill. To-
morrow the report of the Fort Snelling investiga-
ting committee is the special order. Two days have
been set apart for the business of the District of
Columbia, There are also prinle^ed contested
election cases to conic up. This is Tuesday. Fri-
day and Saturday will be appropriated to the Pri-
vate Calendar. Now, I wish to notify the com-
mittee that it will be utterly impossible to pass the
appropriation bills by the 7th of June, unless
jnore time is devoted to them. I can pass three
bills to-day if the committee wiil give their atten-
tion to them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, let us
do it.
[Cries of" Agreed !"]
Mr. GREENWOOD. I want to make a sug-
gestion with a view-to facilitate business. I am
satisfied from what I have seen exhibited in the
House, both to-day and at former sessions of
Congress, that an amendment like that of the gen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Eustis] is almost
certain to prevail. I take it for granted that it is
the sense of a majority of the committee now to
vote that amendment into the bill. I therefore
propose that we should at once take the vote upon
that amendment as amended by the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Garnett.]
When we have disposed of it, I think there will
be no difficulty in proceeding with the considera-
tion of the hi!i.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for a division of the
amendment, so that we may have a separate vote
on the various items embraced in it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that a division of the amendment is not in order
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EUSTIS. I objcct, then. I have offered
the amendment as a whole.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Do I understand that we
have to vote upon these appropriations in a batch?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes; you must swallow
them all at once.
The CHAIRMAN. It is notin order to divide
the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I think the decision of the
Chair is wrong. There are sundry appropriations,
and they are capable of being divided. I think
we have a right to a separate vote on each.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that, in Committee of theWhole, the amendment,
being offered as a single amendment, cannot be
divided. It might, perhaps, be done in the House.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 ask for tellers on the
amendment of the gentleman from Louisiana, as
amended.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt, and
Washburnf. of Illinois, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I offer the
following amendment:
To assure the safety of passenger* and vessels navigating
the Museum, Mississippi, and Ohio riveis respectively, by
removing and sawyers from the channels of said
nveis, the sum of $300,000 is horeby appiopriated, to be
expended under the dnection of tiie Secietaiy of War.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a point of order.
This amendment is not authorized by law, and I
submit that if is not in order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If there is
a law for saving life by life-boats, it is certainly
in accordance with law to make provisions for
saving life on those rivers.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of older hav-
ing been raised, the Chairdecidcs the amendment
to be out of order, believing that there is no
authority of law for the appropiiation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken; and the decision of the Chair was sus-
tained .
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I move the following
as an amendment, to come in after the last amend-
ment:
Foi the purchase of life-boats, to he used on Lake Mich-
igan, in the State of Wisconsin, $1,000.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
point of order. There is no law allowing that
appropriation, and I submit that it is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The Chair thinks there is no law
authorizing the appropriation.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I am told that there
is a law providing for life-boats on that coast,
Life-boats have been furnished, and there are
some of them there now. It is in accordance with
the usage of the Government to provide them;
and I think the amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman take
an appeal ?
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Yes, sir; I will take
au appeal.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken; and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I desire to make
a verbal amendment in the amendment which has
already been adopted—to insert, after the words
" life-boats," the words "orother life apparatus,"
so that the Secretary of the Treasury shall not be
confined to life-boats exclusively in expending the
appropriation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. WHITELEY. I move the following
amendment, to be inserted between lines one hun-
dred and thirty-three and one hundred and thirty-
four:
And for the purchase of two thousand models of Amer-
ican fruits, executed bvTownsend Glover, and the matrices
for multiplying the same, for the use of the Patent Office,
§10,<i00.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 rise to a point of order on
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order, there being no law au-
thorizing the purchase.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out lines one hundred and thirty to one
hundred and thirty-three, inclusive, as follows:
" For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations
foi promoting agriculture and ruial economy, and the pro-
cuiementand distribution ot cuttings and seeds, $60,000."
I make the motion because I believe this whole
matter is a hurribug. I believe that the seeds sent
from the Patent Office, in the main, are seeds of
the most common description gathered in our own
country. They are to be found in most every
seed store in our cities and larger villages. When
distributed to us, they are not distributed with
reference to their adaptation to our particular cli-
mate. The distribution is made upon no system
that is intelligible. I do not know how it may
be as to other portions of the country, but 1 know
that those which have been sent to the portion of
country I lepiesent have been, with one or two
exceptions, of little or no value; and they can be
procured by the citizcns probably at less cost, and
certainly in a fairer manner, than they are pro-
cured through their Representatives here. So far
as 1 am concerned, I would like to dispense with
all of them.
We make annual appropriations for these con-
servatories in front of the Capitol. I believe
they are carrying on there by specific appropri-
ations some investigations in regard to agriculture.
That may be well enough. But this gathering up
into the hands of men in the Patent Office, all the
flower-seeds, all the morning-glories, all the most
common flower-seeds, French poppies, sun-flow-
ers, tomato seeds, and turnip seeds, and distrib-
uting them throughout the country, and this print-
ing, as a part of the Patent Office report, some-
body's reflection as to the different manners in
which they plant this particular seed, and the
different cultures they give to them, is all a hum-
bug and ought to be stopped; and for that reason
I have moved to strike out this clause of the bill.
Mr. WHITELEY. I differ entirely with the
gentleman from Kentucky, and I think the House,
and I know the country, will differ from his views
in relation to this matter. It is no humbug. It
may be true that some seeds are sent to some gen-
tlemen which cannot be grown in theirparticular
section of country. Butgentlemen must recollect
that the distribution through members of Con-
gress is the smallest part of the distribution of
seeds and plants from the Patent Office. It is a
well-known fact that the agricultural interest of
this country is the greatest interest in it; arM this
paltry sum of $.60,000 is all that interest receives
at the hands of the Government.
Mr. CLAY. There is also the Patent Office
report.
Mr. WHITELEY. Yes; and the Patent Office
report. It may be that many varieties of seeds
are useless for certain localities: but this amount
of money is not asked for the distribution of seeds
alone; but also for the dissemination of informa-
tion upon the subject of agriculture; which, I
think, no man here or elsewhere will say is use-
less. It is true, sir, that so far as-I am individually
concerned, 1 would be willing that membeis of
Congress should be saved the trouble of distribu-
tion; and I will vote now or at any other time,
that this distribution shall be made by the Patent
Office alone. But that great benefit results from
