1858.]
APPENPIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bright.
,S®NA'£E.
act such a law. The function of legislation must
be performed by the representative, and by him
alone. The purpose of our fathers was, on the
one hand, to remove legislation, as far as practica-
ble, from clamor andsudden gusts of passion; and
on the other,, to preserve that accountability of
the representative to the people, which is always
sure to secure, sooner or later, the fullest and
amplest recognition of popular sentiment. The
good sense and sound judgment of the country, I
believe, are prepared to sustain tips principle, not
only in the making of ordinary legislative acts,
but in the framing of constitutions. The better
opinion now seems to be, that State Legislatures
cannot refer the propriety of a passage of a law
to the vote of the people. My own State has
taken decided ground on this question. She was
unwilling to let the matter rest on argument or ju-
dicial decision. She has incorporated a provision
in her constitution which expressly prohibits the
submission of a proposed law to the vote of the
people. She believed that representatives, elected
by the people and accountable to them, consitu-
ted the only proper body for determining the pro-
priety of legislative acts. She was unwilling even
to allow that body to divest itself of that function.
She took the effectual means of making sure and
fixed the responsibility of the representative, by
fastening upon him a duty from which no power
above or below could relieve him.
If this principle of the submission of important
provisions to a direct vote of the people who are
to be affected by them glows ou.t of the theories
upon which our Government has been estab-
lished, why, then, is it ignored m Federal and
State constitutions, and by solemn judicial de-
cision ? If the principle be so essential, why has
it not been authoritatively recognized somewhere ?
If, as has been claimed, this right of the people
to decide directly by what provisions they shall
be governed be a great principle which flows di-
rectly from our form of government, why, I ask,
has the practice been almostinvariablyotherwise?
The truth is, Mr. President, that this principle
so confidently claimed, instead of being salutary,
is vicious. It has been so pronounced by those
wise men who gave form and vitality to the glo-
rious Government under which we are now en-
joying privileges and blessings unknown to any
other people on earth. The true American idea
is, that legislation, whether it be in the ordinary
form as enacted by Legislatures, or in the estab-
lishment of the fundamental law as enunciated by
State constitutions, should be fully consummated
by men selected by the people for that purpose.
It makes no difference in principle whether the i
thing which is to be done be the enactment of an j
ordinary law or the establishment of a constitu- '
tion. They are both of the same class; they both j
constitute the law; they both establish a rule of !
action. The philosophy of one is the philosophy
of the other. If there be more solemnity in one
procedure than the other, that does not affect the
principle. Both regulate the conduct of the citi-
zen, and are to be determined by one and the same
reason. In point of fact, oidinary legislative acts
are of more moment to the citizen in determining
his actions and fixing his responsibilities than
mere constitutional provisions. They reach hi?
person and his hearth-stone; they define his rights,
prescribe his duties, and point out his remedies.
Their hand is upon him, asleep or awake; they
are above him and around him, his panoply and
shield. The nearest, as well as the most distant
relations of human life, are made subject to their
power. The rights of property, the sanctities of
home, nay, of life and death, are all within their
embracing fold. No subject is too high, none too
tender,none too minute for their reach. Although
such varied and vast interests are confided to le-
gislative bodies, it has only been within a few
years past, and then only at rare intervals, that
the proposition of submitting a law to the direct
vote of the people has been seriously considered.
1 hold it to be the clearest departure from the wis-
dom of our fathers which modern days, with their
new ideas, have produced. I am proud that my
own State has put its emphatic seal of condem-
nation upon a heresy so noxious.
While I am free, Mr. President, to admit the
binding force of State constitutions, I am com-
pelled to say that, for several reasons, their im-
portance in this country has been greatly exag-
gerated. Constitutions and charters, municipal,
provincial, or national, in other countries and
ages have been concessions wrung by force, or
purchased by money, from what was there and
then deemed the seat and origin of power. Their
importance and value, under such circumstances,
could not be too highly estimated. Like Magna
Char.ta, they stood between the people and usurp-
ation. They were pleaded against wrong and out-
rage. They were the horns of the altar to which
the people clung when ruthless oppression laid
thehand of violence upon them. The service
vvhich they rendered in behalf of the people fully
vindicated their claim to profound reverence. In
our country, however, where the people are rec-
ognized as the origin and seat of political power;
where constitutions flow from them, instead of
being concessions to them; where the remedy for
an abuse is in their own hands, to be exercised
at any time and in their own way, the case is far
different. With us, State constitutions are mere
organizations. They are merely pieces of polit-
ical mechanism—simple contrivances for organ-
izinglegislative, judicial, and executive branches.
One power is made to lodge in one place, and an-
other resides elsewhere. In their declaration of
general principles, they but repeat the common
law which our fathers brought with them, and
which would be law without such repetition. So
far even as the limitations in them are concerned,
they are but restrictions upon the agents of the
people, which can be removed or modified at their
pleasure. Even against a provision contained in
the constitution itself, it can be amended. Where
ever the doctrine prevails, that all power is lodged
with the people, to be exercised by them for (hen-
own benefit, such must be the necessary conse-
quence. Where the power to make exists, there
also the power to modify exists, if the rights of
none others intervene. If royal power could not
rightfully abrogate constitutions and charters, it
is because the rights of other parties do intervene.
In our country, however, there is no other party
but the people. They make for themselves, and
can unmake. There is no power anywhere to
prevent. When the people of a State determine
to change their constitution, there is no political
body in existence which can interpose. The dis-
tinction,^ this respect, between our Federal and
State constitutions is apparent. One is a compact
between several parties. Any one can claim the
observance of any provision. To a State consti-
tution, however, there is but one party. It is
merely a rule of action devised by themselves for
themselves alone. There are no obligations in it
of which other political bodies can claim the ben-
efit. At the pleasure of the party which made it,
it can be unmade. Any provision in it which pre-
tends to take away that power or delay its exer-
cise is impotent against the ma jesty of the people.
I hold it, therefore, Mr. President, as incon-
trovertible, that the constitution of Kansas now
presented, so far as it conflicts with the interests,
or even caprices, of the people of that Territory,
can be altered at any time, and in any way, at
their pleasure. Nay, more: I hold that if the
proposed constitution be obnoxious to the peo-
ple of Kansas, the surest and speediest way of
securing to Kansas a constitution agreeable to her
people, would be to admit her to the companion- j
ship of States, under the Lecompton constitu- i
tion, and then leave her as a sovereign power, to
adjust her own affairs, without interference from
any quarter. Once admitted into the Union, the
contest loses its national character, (an event
which every true patriot should desire,) and the
determination of her people will stand as the law
and the fact for the youthful State.
So strong, Mr. President, is my conviction of
the viciousness of the principle of submitting to
a direct vote of the people the propriety of the
enactment or rejection of laws, that for one i am
prepared to extend the same objection to a sub-
mission of entire constitutions to the same tri-
bunal. I know that others entertain different
views, and particularly under the peculiar cir-
cumstances which existed in Kansas after the
convention had concluded its labors. Our patri-
otic President, anxious for the quiet and peace of
the country; desirous of allaying all excitement
in relation to the affairs of Kansas; prompt to !
take away even the shadpw of an excuse from
the rebellious bands then hatching treason in £h.e
Territory; was favorable "to t^he expediency of
the submission of the eonstituUpn 'tp^di^ct-vote
of the people, though at all times ,cl<?af fe-PW
mind as to the right of the convention to $e tann-
ine that matter for itself. Believing, however,-
as I do, that constitutions but lay's,and.that
the enactment of one requires'as complete ah ex-
ercise of sovereign power ap $e framing of tHe
other, there must be an exfraoramary combina-
tion of circumstances, in ahjrsag'eJ to iQaJce
relinquish the convictions which t have carefully
formed on this subject.
Independently of otlier objections to the sub-
mission of entire constitutions directly to the peo-
ple, how can an intelligent vote be given by those
who attempt it ? If a constitution consists of fifty
articles, and thirty of them accord witha'persoo's
convictions, and twenty are more or less obnox-
ious, what is his vote at best, under such circum-
stances, but a compromise ? How can you have
intelligent voting, when fifty diverse and uncon-
nected propositions are to be determined on b;jr
one ballot? Nay, more: it'is very easy to con-
ceive such a thing as a probable result, that, al-
though each and every article, if submitted one
by one, would receive a majority of Votfeg^the
whole, when presented together, would, by a
combination, be defeated. It seems to me that
even if there were no vital and cardinal objections
to such a course, the uncertainty and unsatisfac-
tonness attending it would be formidable obsta-
cles in the way of its adoption.
If, however, the dignity and importance of a
constitution rise superior to mere legislative en-
actments, I ask if there is anything in the history
of the country—anything in the practice of tho
founders of our constitutions, State and Federal",
which teaches us that it is necessary that even
so solemn an instrument should be submitted to
a direct vote of the people ? What question could
be superior in dignity or importance to that of the
adoption or rejection of the Federal Constitution ?
States were called on\to surrender a portion of
their sovereign powers,and to give, in some ca?es>
to the General Government the"power of life ana
death over their own citizens. There were pecu-
liar reasons, too, in addition to all this, which
might have been urged as an excuse for the sub-
mission of the Federal Constitution to the people.
The paths pursued by its framers had been un-
trodden before. All other federations had been
failures, in Kansas, on the other hand, the con-
stitution is almost a stereotype of those of the new
States of the Northwest, which have sprung into
power and strength within the history of a few
yeais. In nine tenths of its provisions it is sim-
ilar to those which have been approved by actual
and successful working. Notwithstanding this
material difference in the two cases, in no instance
was the question of the adoption or rejection of
the Federal Constitution submitted toadirectvote
of the people of any of the thirteen States. And
yet it was adopted by the people. The instrument
itself says so. Every word of that immortal docu-
ment, from preamble to conclusion, was carefully
scrutinized, and its force weighed by men who
well understood the force of language. Nothing
was put in by mistake or left there by inadvert-
ence. They meant whatthey said. Theysaid,not
only in words in the preamble, but in substance
in the body of that instrument, that in the system
which they then inaugurated for the perpetuation
of fieedom and the securing of domestic tranquil-
lity m the New World, the acts of the representa-
tives of the people should be deemed the acts of
the people themselves; and that, at least, as far
as national relations were concerned, the people
should express their convictions only through rep-
resentation. If there be one grand cardinal idea
more than another stamped upon the Constitution,
it is that. So decidedly is that the case, that the
Constitution allows no amendment by popular
vote, but specifically requires that all change shall
be acted on by the Legislatures of the States. In
those days, at least, the opinion prevailed with-
out any contradiction, that when a constitution or
other instrument was adopted by representatives
specially selected to consider the subject, it was
j adopted*not only by the people who voted for those
j representatives, but by everyone who had an op-
