1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
nary wrongs, when the result shall have been
ascertained. It is virtually an invitation to mal-
contents to continue the strife.
The honorable Senator, in his diligent efforts to
render the doings of the Lecompton convention
odious, has even dwelt on that clause of the pro-
posed constitution interdicting the migration of
free negroes to Kansas. He was candid enough
to admit that the constitution of his own State
contained the same inhibition; and we all know
that the Topeka party, by a popular vote, have
•instructed the Legislature to pass a law to the
some effect. But the Senator should have done
" the Lecompton concern," as he is pleased to
term it, the justice to say, that on this point, at
least, it had conformed to the popular will, for
both parties have spoken against the admission
of free negroes. Nor has he even told us that his
native State, Vermont, practiced that great meas-
ure of wrong upon the people, if wrong it be, of
asking admission for the State before the people
lmd voted on the constitution; nor that his adopted
State came into the Union without an enabling
act half so good as the Kansas-Nebraska law;
and that this same State, no longer since than
1848, set the example for the late action of Kan-
sas, by submitting a part and withholding a part
of the constitution from a vote of the people.
The Senator will pardon me for looking a little
further into his views. In an address' delivered
at Springfield on the 12th of June last, touching
Kansas affairs, he says:
" Kansas is about to speak for herself through her dole-
gates assembled in convention tofoim aStateconstitution,
pieparatory to admission into the Union." "The law under
which her delegates are about to be elected, is believed to
be jlist and fair in all its objects and ■purposes.''' * * *
Theie is every reason to believe the law will be fairly m-
teipietftd and impartially executed." * * * "Theelec-
tion law is acknowledged to be fair and just, and the rights
of the voters are clearly defined, and the exercise of those
rights will be efficiently and scrupulously protected."
Then, again, he flays:
"The organic actsecures to the people of Kansas the sole
find exclusive n%ht of forming and regulating their domestic
iiutihdions to suit themselvesy subject only to the Constitu-
tion of tho United States."
He denounces all neglect of, or resistance to,
the movement for a convention, and says, that if
any portion of the people refuse to vote for dele-
gates, and Kansas should become a slave State
through their neglect, upon them the responsi-
bility should fall. I should prefer to give the
entire speech, but, I do not wish to extend my
remarks to so great a length. Now let us turn
to what he said in the Senate the other day:
" If you apply these principles to the Kansas convention,
you find that it had no power to do any act as a convention
foiming a government; you find that the act calling it was
mill and void from the beginning; you tlnd that the Legis-
l.ituic could confer no power whatever on the convention.
That convention was simply an assemblage of peaceable
cjtizerw, under the Constitution of the United States, peti-
tioning for the redress of grievances, and, thus assembled,
had the right to put their petition in the form of a constitu-
tion if they chose; but still it was only a petition, having
the force of a petition, which Congress could accept or re-
ject, or dii-po^e of as it saw proper. That is what I under-
stand to he just the extent of the power and authority of this
convention assembled at Lecompton."
How to reconcile these sentiments I cannot see.
In the Springfield speech, he says, " Kansas is
about to speak for herself through delegates as-
sembled in convention to form a State constitu-
tion," and that the law under which her delegates
were about to be elected is believed to be just and
fair in ali its objects and purposes. In the Sen-
ate, he says:
" You find that the act calling it [the convention] was
ii'tU and void from tile beginning; you find the Legislature
could confer no power whatever on the convention."
Then, again, at Springfield, he says:
" The orgauic act secures to the people of Kansas tlie sole
and exclusive rightofformingand regulating their domestic
institutinns to suit themselves, subject only to the Constitu-
tion of the United States."
In the Senate, he says that the convention, which
was, from its very nature, an assemblage of the
people, through their representatives," was sim-
ply an assemblage of peaceable citizens, under the
Constitution of the united States to petition for
the redress of grievances;" which petition Con-
gress could accept, or reject, ordispose ofas itsaw
proper. Comment is scarcely necessary. If tho
right of the people in the matter of making a gov-
ern merit for themsel ves be limited only by the Con-
stitution, as claimed by the Senator in his Spring-
field speech, I should like to know where he finds
the authority for congressional interference. Nor
can I see how he could designate a law as just and
fair in all its purposes, which he at the same time
held to be " null and void from the beginning;"
or what he could mean by saying that Kansas is
about to speak for herself, holding at the same
time that she cannot speak at all without the per-
mission of Congress.
But this is not all, sir. 1 want to call attention
to another view of this Springfield speech, which
I have before me. The honorable Senator has
maintained in this body that the failure on the
part of the convention to submit the constitution
to the approval of the people, is a reason why
the State should not be admitted; and yet, in this
Springfield address, though made after the ap-
pearance of the inaugurals of Governor Walker
and Secretary Stanton, no reference whatever is
made to a vote on the constitution. He made
special note of the election for delegates, but no-
where hinted that there was to be an election
on the constitution after it was formed by that
convention. If he knew the law calling the con-
vention to be " null and void," and that the con-
vention would not be vested with authority to
make a constitution and State government, I can
hardly see how he could fail to say so. I maybe
mistaken; but it seems to me that, as the states-
man above all others who has had this subject
in charge, and the people of Kansas in keeping,
he might have admonished them of the mistake
they were about to make, or at least hinted to
them that their proceedings, though not against
law, were irregular, and could be of no avail. I
can hardly imagine how the Senator could have
refrained from doing this. Nor can I see how he
could say to the free-State men that, if they neg-
lected to vote for delegates, Kansas would become
a slave State through their neglect, if he at the
same time held that the delegates which were to
be elected would have no right to make a consti-
tution of any kind. Holding now that the ques-
tion of railroads, banks, and corporations must
be voted upon by the people before the State can
come into the Union, is it not a little singular that,
at the opportune date of his Springfield speech, he
failed to drop the remotest hint that it was neces-
sary that the people should vote on these ques-
tions, or on even the all-absorbing question of
domestic slavery—the only question that ever
was involved in the affairs of Kansas ? Whilst
the Senator was notifying the free-State men of
Kansas of their rights and privileges, and the
mode by which they could prevent Kansas from
becoming a slave State, is it not strange that he
failed to inform them that they would have an
opportunity of voting down the slave constitu-
tion, when submitted to them for ratification, if
at that time he held that such a submission was
essential to its validity?
But where are our friends on the other side to
be found on this new issue ? They cannot object
to the informalities and irregularities at Lecomp-
ton; for they have contended for nothing else
at Topeka. They have urged the admission of
Kansas as a State on the proceedings of a party
convention gotten up without the color of law,
and in derogation of the authority of the terri-
torial and the United States Government. Nor,
indeed, can they complain that all the people
have not had an opportunity to participate in the
decision on the slavery question; for it was an
article in their faith, declared in the Fremont con-
vention, that not only a portion, but all the citi-
zens should be deprived of this right. Tliey
claimed the right for the people of the States, act-
ing through Congress, which was virtually saying
that those who did not go to Kansas should in-
fluence that decision, and that those who did go
should have no representation on the subject.
Mr. President, I am nearly done with this sub-
ject. I have mainly followed the Senator from
Illinois. Without sitting down to systematize
my views, I have pursued the several topics pretty
much as he presented them. On some points I
may have fallen into error; on others perhaps I
may have manifested too much feeling; but I beg
to say to the Senate, and especially to the Senator
from Illinois, that I have in this matter but per-
formed what I conceive to be simply a right and
a duty on my part as a Senator.
Whilst laying down those rules and principles
which are the result of my humble judgment after
all the reflection I could give the subject, I shall,
above all things, be controlled by a desire to give
peace to the country, and to silence forever a
dangerous feud that at times menaces the stability
of our great'Government. What I mean to say is,
that if the exigency arises, there shall be on my
part no want of concession or compromise that
will secure the adjustment of this unhappy con-
troversy; nor will I agree to be placed in a wrong
attitude upon the great question which is the lead-
ing idea in this discussion. No man shall say,
because of the remarks I have made, that I am
against giving the people the right to make their
own laws, or that 1 would circumscribe the use
of those great inalienable and fundamental rights
which lie at the foundation of our republican sys-
tem. I intend no such thing; but considering this
question in all its bearings, I have been impressed
with the belief that it was an exigency which
should be disposed of at the first reasonable op-
portunity, by admitting Kansas as a State.
Sir, it is painful to reflect on the aspect of this
question. I do not know what may be in prog-
ress in Kansas at this moment. If anything I
have said on any occasion, has ministered to the
agitation which exists there to-day, and which
some fear may approximate to civil war, I pray
forgiveness. I stand pledged to unite with the
Senator from Illinois in the patriotic sentiments
which he uttered when he declared his desire to
secure to the cou ntry peace on the slavery agita-
tion. It has been magnified at every step; it has
been aggravated every hour; and now, after a
struggle of four years, the aspect is worse "than
: ever. How are we to settle it ? One party in
: Kansas is acting in a rebellious spirit, without
; authority of law; another has attempted to m'ake
' a constitution by authority of law, and under the
supervision of the Federal Government. We are
to have, perhaps in a very few days, a contest
between these propositions. When that contest
shall come, I know where the Senator from Illi-
nois will be. He will go with those who have
acted according to law. 1 think I know him well
enough to know that he estimates the recognition
of resistance to law or rebellion, as one of the
most unhappy incidents that could be connected
with legislation at Washington.
I have said all that I desire to say, except, sim-
ply, that whatever is to come out of this unhappy
embroglio in future, I feel authorized to pledge
myself first to the maintenance of justice and
principle, and then to every reasonable conces-
sion to give peace to the country.
Mr. STUART. I propose to submit some views
to the Senate on this subject, when it shall be
agreeable to the body to hear them. If it will suit
their convenience, I will say to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask the Senator to
yield the floor to me for a few moments.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I havelistened attentively to
the reading of the well-prepared speech of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, and find but one or
two points which I deem it necessary for me to
notice.
I do not intend to be drawn into a reply to each
speech that shall be made, even if it does appear
to be the object to make a series of attacks on my
consistency, and on the whole history of my pub-
lic course, in order to avoid thereby the arguments
which have been submitted on my side of this
question. I shall notofferto repel those attacks.
) 1 am willing to leave my public record to speak
for itself. I may sometimes be induced, on the
' spur of the moment, to repel them, but 1 do not
choose to recriminate. I could have amused'the
Senate and the Senator from Pennsylvania with
passages in his speeches and votes, if I chose.
Some of his constituents, persons unknown tome,
have been liberal ill furnishing me with his votes
for the Wilmot proviso, his movements to defeat
the approval of the Kansas-Nebraska bill when it
was pending, his speeches through Pennsylvania
against the measure, and I do not know what
various things, in order to show upliis inconsist-
ency. I know not whether tliey are true or false;
1 have thrown them aside. It matters not, in this
argument, whether he has been consistent or in-
consistent. That is a question between him and
his constituents, and I leave it to them. Two
members of Congress, who heard his speeches in
Kansas last spring, have come to me and told me
of his pledges there, that, if the constitution was
not submitted to the people, he would resist it.
Whether that be true or not, I know not; I care
