1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
which it was made, and declared that it was or-
dained to " establish justice, and secure the bless-
ings of liberty," they did not exactly mean that,
in its general sense, but only meant it so far as
they, the persons framing it, and their individual
posterity, were concerned.
Now, sir, with all these sentiments and opin-
ions I take issue. I insist that the signers of the
Declaration of Independence meant to assert a
fundamental truth, and to place before the world
this truth as the great principle for which they
contended. Why, they say that this declaration
is madefrom "a decent respect to the opinions of
mankind;" not a part of mankind, not Euro-
feans, Americans, Englishmen, white men, or
lack men, but mankind. Did they intend to in-
sult the mankind for whose opinions they enter-
tained this decent respect, by declaring that a part
of them had rights which another part had not?
They were not then talking of political rights, or
rights of government, but human rights; and
they say that " governments are instituted among
men to protect these rights."
After the close of the war, Congress issued an
address; and, to impress this doctrine still more
deeply and firmly upon the people, in that address
they used these words:
" Let it be remembered, finally, that it has ever been the
boast and pride of America that the rights for which she
contended are the rights of human nature,"
According to the Democratic party, they meant
Anglo-Saxon, or white human nature ! To show
what Mr. Jefferson understood by the " rights of
human nature," I quote from his Notes on Vir-
ginia. He
" In the very first session heid under the Republican Gov-
ernment, the Assembly [of Vngima] passed a law for the
perpetual prohibition of the nnpoitation of slaves. This
will, in some measure, stop the increase of this great polit-
ical and moral i.'vil. while the minds of our citizens may be
ripening for a complete emancipation of human nature."
And again, in the same book, when speaking
of the corrupting influence of slavery upon both
the morals and manners of the people, and of its
baneful effects in destroying that reverence for the
true principles of liberty and justicc which ought
always to exist, he says:
"And can the liberties of a nation be thought secure,
when we have removed their only fit in basis, a conviction
in the minds of the people that these liberties are of the gift
ofGod ? That they are not to be violated but with his wrath,
&c."
But,withoutgoing further into the subjectofthe
meaning of the declaration, in regard to "human
rights," I propose to examine this most startling
doctrine of the President—this new-fangled De-
mocracy, that the Constitution carries slavery into
the Territories, and that Congress has no right to
prohibit Us existence in them. There are sev-
eral modes of meeting this proposition; one is by
reasoning from the provisions of the Constitu-
tion itself; another is by showing that those who
made and adopted that Constitution did not so
intend or understand it. I propose, as it is not
my purpose, and I ha^e not time to enter largely
into this constitutional argument, to present a few
facts and considerations, showingwhattheunder-
standing of the framers of the Constitution was
upon this subject.
I said that this doctrine was contrary to the
spirit of the Constitution, as exhibited in the his-
tory of the Government until a late period; and I
propose to prove it by a few direct references.
One thing is clearand self-evident: and that is, that j
if Congress may rightfully prohibit slavery in the I
Territories, then the Constitution does not carry !
slavery into them; as a law of Congress cannot :
be of higher authority than the Constitution. [
The first example I will cite is the ordinance !
for the government of the Northwestern Territory |
which comprised the present States of Ohio, In-j
diana, Illinois, Michigan and Wisconsin; every |
rood of organized Territory possessed by our
Government when the Constitution was ratified. I
By this ordinance, passed by Congress on the j
13th July, 1787, slavery was prohibited in all !
that Territory. !
I am well aware that these latter-day Democrats '
are in the habit of attempting to avoid the force
of tins historical t'.ir.t, by the answer, that the
Constitution had not then been adopted. Well, .
truo it !5, tli.it this ordinance was passed by the \
Coiitinent.il or Confederated Congress, while the
Constitution was not adopted until some two
months afterwards. If this were all, it would
furnish but a slim objection to my argument, for
the Constitution was then being made, and sla-
very existed as much in the slave States, as it did
two months afterwards. But the very first Con-
gress under the Constitution, reenacted that or-
dinance, in order as they said that it " may con-
tinue to have full effect," and they made " certain
provisions so as to adapt the same to the present
Constitution of the United States."
And who were these men who were so wild and
foolish as to assutne the right in Conga-ess to pro-
hibit slavery ? I will mention some of them, who
were also members of the con vention which framed
the Constitution. There was Rufus King, El-
bridge Gerry, John Langdon, Roger Sherman,
George Read and Richard Bassit of Delaware,
Daniel Carroll of Maryland, Hugh Williamson
of North Carolina, Pierce Butler of South Caro-
lina, Pew and Baldwin of Georgia, James Madi-
son of Virginia, and George Washington, the
president of the convention, and the President of
the United States who signed the law. Thus were
our fathers in haste to prevent the curse of slavery
from spreading itself over more territory, and pro-
vided for five free States. Nothing was heard then
of " equilibrium," " balance of power," or, " a
slave State for every free State, which we hear
so much of now; already was it well understood
that seven of the thirteen original States were to
be free States, and here were to be five more, and
yet the framers of the Constitution, slaveholders,
even Washington and Madison, had no constitu-
tional scruples about the prohibition, and no fears
about the balance of power.
In December, 1789, North Carolina ceded to the
United States the territory which forms the pres-
ent State of Tennessee, which was accepted by
an act of Congress of April 2,1790. Slavery then
existed in this Territory under the laws of North
Carolina, and that State incorporated into the
deed of cession an express provision that slavery
should not be prohibited therein, &c.
If Congress had no power to prohibit or abol-
ish slavery in the Territories, why this provision?
Sir, it was inserted because it was well under-
stood at that time that Congress not only pos-
sessed the power, but that it was the settled pol-
icy of the Government to exercise it.
So, when, in 1803, we acquired the Territory of
Louisiana from France, Congress prohibited the
importation of slaves therein, from beyond the
United States; and yet, so far as the States were
concerned, Congress had no right to prohibit the
foreign slave trade until 1808; but, as to the Ter-
ritories, this was another recognition of the right
of Congress to restrict slavery.
When Missouri was admitted into the Union,
Congress again exercised this right of prohibiting
slavery in the Territories, by what is generally
known as the Missouri compromise. That meas- I
ure was brought forward, and principally urged i
and carried by the South. Its principal mover I
and advocate was Henry Clay; the free States !
were mostly opposed to the admission of Mis- i
souri as a slave State; and this was finally agreed !
upon as a "pacification," a "compromise."!
This measure was, less than ten years ago, pro-
nounced by a distinguished Senator from my own
State a " sacred thing," having an origin akin to
the Constitution, which no ruthless hand dared
to assail. Before signing this act, the President,
Mr. Monroe, took the written opinions of his
Cabinet as to its constitutionality, and they all
agreed that it was constitutional—John Q.uincy
Adams and John C. Calhoun among the number. :
In 1848, in the act organizing a territorial gov- i
eminent in Oregon, Congress again exercised this
right by prohibiting slavery therein. This was
generally voted for by the Democracy ofthe North,
and the bill was approved by James K. Polk.
In 1848, Mr. Cass, being a little over anxious
for the Presidency, wrote a letter, wherein he
undertook to substitute squatter sovereignty for 1
the Wilmot proviso, and he was overwhelmed by
a perfect deluge of honest indignation. i
In 1850, when Congress passed the " omnibus '
bill, "or what are commonly designated " the com-
promise measures,"it again recognized the valid-
ity of the Missouri compromise. I know, sir,
that it is asserted m the Kansas-Nebraska bill that '
the Missouri restriction is " inconsistent" with
the principles of the compromise measures of 1350;
but let us see if that assumption is true. In that
portion ofthe compromise measures of 1850 which j
provides for the boundaries of Texas, it is en-
acted—
"That nothing herein contained shall be construed to
impair or qualify anything contained in the third aitiele of
the second section of the joint resolution for annexing Texas
to the United States, either as regards the number of States
that may hereafter be formed out of the State of Texas, or
otherwise."
Now, one of the provisions of the third article
of the second section of that joint resolution is as
follows:
"And in such State or States as shall be formed out of
said territory north of said Missouri compromise line, sla-
very or involuntary servitude (except for crimes) shall be
prohibited."
That was one of the provisions which was
neither' 'impaired or qualified'' by the compromise
measures of 1850, ana remains in full force, unre-
pealed to this day. Then, sir, is it not a bald
assumption to say that the Missouri compromise
was inconsistent with the compromise measures
of 1850? I think so. Why, sir, when the Ne-
braska bill was reported to the Senate by the
committee, in June, 1854, they had not made this
discovery of inconsistency, for in that report the
committee say:
" They do not feel themselves called upon to enter into
those controverted questions, (referring to the power of
Congress to prohibit slavery.] They involve the same grave
issues which produced the agitation, the sectional strife, and
the fearful struggle of 1850. As Congress deemed it wise
and prudent to refrain from deciding the matters in contro-
versy then, either by affirming or repealing the Mexican
laws," &c.,e< so your committee are not prepared now to
recommend a departure from the course pursued on that
memorable occasion, either by affirming or repealing the
eighth section of the Missouri act, or by any act declaratory
of the meaning of the Constitution in respect to the legal
points in dispute."
Yet, sir, in a few days after that, at the dicta-
tion of David Atchison, of Missouri, as he him-
self says, tfcis committee did take their departure
from the course pursued in 1850; and then pro-
tended to have suddenly made the wonderful dis-
covery that the two acts were in conflict; that
there were more passengers in the omnibus than
had paid fare.
I have thus referred to a few of the numerous
instances where this power to legislate upon the
subject of slavery in the Territories has been ex-
ercised and fully recognized. "Webster, the great
expounder of theConstitution, always recognized
it. I have done this, Mr. Chairman, not that I
expect to convince any of these wise, latter-day
Democrats that they are in error, because, of
course, they are much wiser than their fathers;
but only to show how far they differ from the men
who made the Declaration and the Constitution,
who fought for their own and our liberties; how
they differ from Washington and Jefferson, Mad-
ison and the Adamses, Monroe and Polk, Cal-
houn and Webster, and Benton and Clay; yea,
and Douglas and the rest of them, up to the month
of June,1854.
Perhaps I can illustrate this point by an anec-
dote. A lawyer in one of the western States was
arguing a point before a justice of the peace. The
justice overruled him. The lawyer wished to
read some law on the question from Blackstone.-
The justice very abruptly declined to hear any-
thing further on the subject, saying that he had
already decided, and that it was useless. The
lawyer replied that he did not propose to convince
the court that he was wrong, but he just wanted
to show him what an old fool old Blackstone was.
So far from the Constitution carrying slavery
into the Territories, I assert that slavery can only
exist by positive municipal law; it must have act-
ual, direct, legal protection; and here I will give
my answer to the oft-repeated argument, that
" unless the slaveholder can carry his slaves with
him, from the slave States to the Territories, and
hold them there, then there is an inequality of
right; that the Territories are purchased with the
common blood and common treasure of the slave
as well as the free States, and that therefore they
of the siave States should have an equal right,"
&c. This is the argumentof " State equality."
Now, I answer, true it is, the Territories are
the common property of the people of the slave
as well as of the free States, and their rights
should bo equal; and I contend they are eqiuil.
\\y the common law slavery is not known; there
is no such thing as prooorty in nian undvr that
law; there is property in horses, cattle; m ^oocls,
wares, and merchandise; property in things per-
sonal and real; but no property in persons. We
