168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March SO,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—luccompton Constitution—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
of the country, and I never have. His opinions
are always frankly and manfully uttered. We
know where to find him. In all the intercourse
I have had with him, and I learn the same from
all myfriends around me, we always know where
to find him, and we have always received from
him kindness and courtesy.
Mr. BRODERICK. I move that the Senate
adjourn until Monday morning at twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts yield the floor for that motion ?
Mr. WILSON. I am ready to go on with ifiy
remarks to-night; but if the Senate wishes to ad-
journ, I will give way.
Several Senators. Go on now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Goon. We have agreed
to take the question on Monday.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, this protracted
debate, in which so many Senators have partici-
pated, is hastening to its close. Hundreds of
thousands of the American people have watched
its progress with the most intense and painful
solicitude. When the President precipitated the
question upon the country in his annual message,
we were oppressed with the most profound appre-
hension for the result. Hardly a ray of hope illu-
mined ourpath way. We heard the imperious voice
of that gigantic power which sways the national
Government, demanding the consummation oftlns
crime against the people of Kansas. We saw the
Chief Magistrate of the Republic holding in one
handhonorsand patronage to seduce and conupt,
and in the other power to smite down him who
■would not yield to his glittering blandishments.
During these hundred days of conflict, we have
seen the honors, the patronage, and the power of
this Government openly prostituted by the Pres-
ident to seduce the weak, and to strike down life-
long Democrats who could not be won by cor-
ruption. Never has this nation witnessed such
shameless and indecent prostitution of executive
power. Never have we witnessed such reeking
corruption or such abject and unblushing servil-
ity. In spite, however, of the potent influences
of executive powers of corruption ami vengeance,
of servility and treachery, our fears have yielded
to our hopes, and our hopes arefast ripening into
convictions that this Lecompton constitution can
never receive the sanction of the Congress of the
United States. Our hope is now strong that this
Lecompton constitution, the slave power, and this
Administration, will be consigned to that grave
which knows no resurrection, The Administra-
tion may, by the corrupt appliances of executive
power, win a barren and fleeting triumph, but the
signs all around us indicate that it is doomed to
utter defeat; that the slave power will fall with it,
to rise not again; and that the intelligent and pa-
triotic men of" the country, who love liberty and
loathe fraud—men who are loyal to the Constitu-
tion and the Union, to law and order, will take the
helm and guide the ship of State heieafter on her
course.
Sir, that pure, patriotic, and illustrious states-
man, John Q,uincy Adams, has left recorded in
his diary these pregnant words: " It is among the
evils of slavery that it taints the very sources of
moral principle," " establishes false estimates of
virtue, and vice,"and " perverts human reason."
Day by day,as I have watched the startlingevents
which have transpired in the ill-starred Territory
of Kansas—day oy day,as I have listened to the
studied perversions of those deeds of fraud and
violence, trickery, and falsehood, I have been
reminded of the significant woids of the great
statesman, whose rich learning, varied and vast
acquisitions, ripe experience, and matured intel-
lect, were devoted to the high service of the Re-
public, at home and abroad, for half a century.
In this age, and in this land, where the lights of
Christian civilization are flashing upon our path-
way, that moral nature must be tainted, that heart
must form false estimates of virtue and vice, and
that reason must be perverted, before any citizen
of America could be impelled to cnact such crimes
as have been enacted in Kansas, or uphold, de-
fend, or apologize for them. Perverted reason
and tainted moral principle may lure or impel to
the commission of such acts as have stained the
history of that Territory; but let Presidents and
Senators remember, that from the hour the tempter
glided into Paradise and hissed into the too-will-
ing ear of the mother of mankind disobedience to
the "higher law," to the consummation of this
work, no genius, no learning, no eloquence, could
" Blazon evil deeds or consecrate a crime."
Great advocates have won fame before the judi-
cial tribunals of the world-in defense of great crim-
inals, but that page of bwman history is yet to be
written which shall record the enduring fame of
statesmen won in the vindication of crimes against
the rights of the people.
The right of the people to frame their own
forms of government as to them shall seem most
conducive to their happiness, is an achieved
American right. It was won, not byyour Kan- <
sas-Nebraska act—it was won eighty-two years
ago in the fire and blood of the Revolution. In
amending old constitutions, or in framing new
oneS, we should, either in the State or in Congress,
rise above little technicalities and forms. We
should remember the words of James Madison,
" that forms ought to give way to substance; that
a rigid adherence to forms would render nominal
and nugatory the transcendent and precious rights
of the people." The " Old Thirteen" received
their charters from the Crown of England; and
when independence was proclaimed, they changed
their forms of Government in their own time and
way. Eighteen new States have formed, some by
spontaneous movements of the people, some by
legislative authority, and some by enabling acts,
constitutions, and joined this sisterhood of free
Commonwealths. The statesmen of the country
have generally risen above little technicalities and
forms; they have generally sought to learn the
will of the people of the new States, and of the
country, and to see if the constitutions presented
were republican. Nover.have wo witnessed such
an exhibition of specialities and technicalities as
in this case of Kansas. Sir, the records of both
Houses of Congress, and the archives of theex-
ecutive department will bear to all future time
evidences of what Mr Madison called " the little
ill-timed scruples, and the zeal for adhering to
ordinary forms under the masks of which" the
rights of the people have been sacrificed and their
will baffled. The people of that Territory have
been stigmatized in official papers, and in both
Houses of Congress, as " rebels" and " revolu-
tionists" and " traitors," for exercising the clear-
est rights of American citizens. The Congress
of the United States is not the place for these ex-
hibitions of the little technicalities and specialities
of third-rate county courts.
Senators gravely insist upon the most rigid ad-
herence to the forms of law, when they know that
the transcendent and precious'rights of the peo-
ple have been, and will be, sacrificed by adherence
to forms. They boldly deny established histor-
ical facts, because these facts are not officially
proven; and they will not allow thorn to be offi-
cially established. Fraud taints everything—nil
legal proceedings and contracts, even the marriage
contract; everything except this Lecompton con-
stitution, and fraud seems to sanctify th is deformed
monstrosity. Sir, there is not a Senator here,
there is not an intelligent man in America who
does not know that this Lecompton constitution
is not sustained by the people of Kansas. There
is not an intelligent man in America who does not
know that this constitution is tainted and vitiated
by frauds and by violence. The evidence of this
is as conclusive as is the evidence that the armies
of England, France, and Russia met at Sebasto-
pol; that the light brigade charged at Balaklava;
that the Redan and Malakoff weie stormed. The
acts of violence and fraud in Kansas are matters
of history, proved by congressional investigation;
by the evidence of Governors Reeder, Geary,
Walker, and Stanton; by legislative inquiry, and
by the admission of the actors themselves; yet
these Halls witness the boldestdenials of the clear-
est established facts,and the most reckless disre-
gard of the will, the ascertained wishes of the peo-
ple. Sir, this course is unworthy of the Senate,
and dishonorable to the country.
I have read, Mr. Piesident, with care, the re-
ports of members of the Committee on Territo-
ries. The reports of the venerable Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamcr,] and the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] present the issues in-
volved in the clearest light. The report made by
the majority of the committee, by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] is a specimen of
skillful and adroit misrepresentation. I have read
it with mingled emotions of astonishment, shame,
and indignation. Sir, the rhetoricians tell us that
nothing is beautiful which is not true. If the ab-
sence of truth is the absence of beauty, this must
indeed be the most hideous production of our
times, for there is hardly a sentence in it that pre-
sents a truthful idea of the points at issue. Sir,
it was my purpose to have examined this report
in the light of the truths of history; but I shall
forego that labor, now rendered needless by the
full and masteily presentation of facts by other
Senators, especially by the distinguished Senators
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] and Tennes-
see, [Mr. Bell,] whose lofty scorn of fraud and
trickery will be applauded by hundreds of thou-
sands of fair-minded men all over the Union.
Mr. President, the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Hammond] came to this Chamber one of the
acknowledged champions of the expansion, perpe-
tuity, and dominion of slavery in America. His
election to this body was heralded as the advent
of a champion and leader into the national coun-
cils, by the perpetualists and propagandists. The
Senator, thus heralded, hastened to mingle in the
debate. He spoke, not to enlighten the Senate
or instruct the country, for he confessed he had
not read the details of the transactions in Kansas,
the knowledge of which is essential to an intelli-
gent understanding of the questions at issue. The
Senator spoke to display before the country the
beauties of that system of human bondage, to
which his State has clung with relentless tena-
city, a system he has ever defended, and to mag-
nify the power,of his section to rule the world,
under her legitimate monarch, "King Cotton."
Sir, the Senator from SQuth Carolina frankly tells
us that " if this were a minority constitution, that
it would be no objection; that constitutions are
made for minorities, and that, perhaps, minorities
ought to have the right to make constitutions!"
When we remember that the Senator represents
a State which bases her representation upon ine-
qualities of population, requires a property qual-
ification for her legislators and denies to her peo-
ple the right to vote for Governor or President,
and that the Senator has indorsed, without re-
serve, the sentiment of Governor McDuffie that
"slavery is the corner-stone of the Republican
edifice," and " repudiates as ridiculously absurd,
that much lauded, but nowhere accredited motto
of Mr Jefferson, that all men are created equal,"
we shall not be surprised at this distrust of the
people, this avowal of this aristocratic, autocratic,
and oligarchic sentiment.
But the Senator from*South Carolina, after con-
fessing his ignorance of the events which have
produced this Lecompton constitution does not
allow his admitted want of knowledge to restrain
him from the expression of the opinion that " if
there weic frauds, they were equally great on all
sides." Wc should be charitable to confessed ig-
norance, but we are not required to be charitable
to thepresumptuousexpression of opinions based
upon confessed ignorance. The Senator talks
about " regiments of emigrants recruited in the
purlieus of the great cities of the North, and sent
out armed with Sharps's rifles and bowie knives
and revolvers, to conquer freedom for Kansas!"
Sir, had the Senator deigned to study, or rather,
had the Senator studied as a Senator should have
done, the details of the history of Kansas, he
would never have given utterance to such lan-
guage. The Senatorgoes on to charge the people
of Kansas with "refraining from going to the
polls, and making it a free State, when they had
the power, in order to defeat and destroy the
Democratic party." This absurd declaration has
no foundation in fact, and every intelligent man
in America who understands the affairs of Kan-
sas, and whose opinions are of any value, knows
this to be so. Equally absurd is the declaration,
that Senators on this side of the Chamber " do
not wish to defeat this bill," that we have "brought
this imbroglio for the very purpose" of crushing
"out the Democratic party in the North." These
charges and insinuations will have little weight
among men who have any knowledge of the facts,
perhaps they may serve further to mislead those
who have already been misled.
