1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2231
of the Senate, substitute for^a tariff which em-
braces aduty 011 salt, another tariff which imposes
no such duty. That is the proposition. 1 deny
it. That is a very different case from the one
which the Senator puts of an entire repeal of all
duties. I suppose we could do that; because that
■would leave no other revenue bill in the place of
the old one; but if the Senate wore to repeal this
duty it would make another revenue bill in place
of the old one. But, as I said before, my only
purpose is to get a decision of the Senate on the
point.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Virginia
will withdraw the question of order, and let us
vote on the amendment. It is evident we are
wasting a great deal of time on it. I am for the
original bill; and I intend to vote against every
amendment that is designed to fetter it; and there-
fore, without looking into the merits of these
amendments, I am prepared to vote against them,
and adhere to the original bill. I think we had
better come to a vote.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to correct a supposi-
tion of ihe Senator from Virginia in regard to the
bill to which he refers. That was introduced here
in 1844. He says it was decided to be out of
order. That point was never decided; but the
question was taken on the proposition itself, which
had but four members on this floor in its favor.
I think that is the correct view.
Mr. IIUNTER. I have looked at it lately.
The question was taken on a resolution to post-
pone it indefinitely, because it was unconstitu-
tional; and the Senator voted for it himself.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly I voted for the
indefinite postponement, because I was opposed
to the bill; and the bill was postponed. In such
a case as that, the objection of the Senator from
Virginia would apply, as I said the other day;
because that bill, if passed, would have been the
law under which the revenues would have been
collected. I think, when the Senator introduced
a bill here to issue Treasury notes and supply
funds to the Government, he went much further
to infringe this provision of the Constitution than
we should do by striking out a duty on an article
and make itfree. That is not so much a revenue
measure as the bill to issue Treasury notes. I
suppose there is no difficulty about this.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The provision of the
Constitution which forbids the origination of rev-
enue bills in the Senate, is, I piesume, copied
from English precedents. There the popular
branch alone is authorized to originate bills for the
raising of revenue. It has been adopted in our
form of government rather with reference to the
precedent than with any regard to the reason of
the case. We are as much the representatives of
the country as the members of the other House.
The reason of the interdiction in England as to
one branch of the legislative body, does not apply
here. There the Government is so framed that
members of that body may be created at pleasuie
by the Crown, and a majority made for the occa-
sion. It cannot be so here. The reason docs not
apply. I see no reason why the Senate should
be over astute on this question to limit its own
powers, to confine itself within stricter rules than
a liberal construction of our Constitution wouid^
justify. I am not for surrendering a particle of
the power which we can justly claim for the Sen-
ate.
By the Constitution we are foruidden to originate
an act raising revenue. Now, can we not abol-
ish or repeal a law for raising levenue ? Can that
be considered, in any fair sense of the term as ap-
plied here, as raising revenue? It would be a
strange contradiction to common ears to be told
that a prohibition to raise revenue is a prohibi-
tion to abolish revenue. There are some cases
where the reduction of a duty would increase rev-
enue; and where that is the object, such a rneas-
urewould come within the prohibition of the Con-
stitution, because it would be really for raising
and increasing revenue. But the entire abolition
of any particular duty or branch of revenue can-
not, by any possible means, have that effect. By
diminishing the duty m some cases you might in-
crease importations and increase revenue. We
have no right to do that. But to abolish revenue
and to raise revenue, are terms directly in con-
tradiction to each other; and of two contradictory
propositions, as I understand, one must be true,
and the other must be false. Now, h&re the con-
tradictory conclusion is drawn from the terms of
the Constitution, that we are divested of the power
of relieving the people from a duty because we
are inhibited from imposing a duty on the people !
I differ entirely on the constitutional question
from my honorable friend from Virginia; but,
whether I am right or wrong in that, I am quite
clcar that we cannot impose the decision-of such
a constitutional question upon the Chair as a mere
question of order. We can neither impose it upon
you, sir, nor can we rid ourselves of the respons-
ibility of deciding it. Whether a great measure
is constitutional or not is not a question of order.
It rises altogether above it. It does not relate to
the proceedings of the body; it is the solemn de-
cision and adjudication of the Senate upon a great
matter of law, and constitutional law. I am sur-
prised, then, to suppose that gentlemen should
regard this as a question of order, and think to
have it ruled from us by the decision of the Pre-
siding Officer of this body. There can be no such
thing. It can neither be imposed upon him, nor
by any decision can you take from us the right
of adjudicating as we think proper; nor ought it
to be done.
Mr. GREEN. I agree with the Senator from
Kentucky that this is not a proper question of or- j
der. It appeals to the Senate whether the prop- J
osition be constitutional or not. But wo have a j
precedent here, and in the absence of argument I :
think precedents very safe to follow. I see that, '
in 1846—when the Senate was as able, perhaps, j
as it ever was, before or since; when there were |
such men here as Calhoun, Houston of Texas, j
Mangum of North Carolina, Simmons of Rhode i
Island, Allen of Ohio, Bagby of Alabama, Crit- :
tenden of Kentucky, McDuftie of South Carolina, j
Niles of Connecticut, Pearce of Maryland, Ben- !
ton of Missouri, Bright of Indiana, Cass of Mich- |
igau, Clayton of Delaware, Dickinson of New
York, Johnson of Maryland, R.usk of Texas,
Webster of Massachusetts, Yulee of Florida, and
so on—precisely a similar bill was brought in and
reported from the Committee on Finance, in the
Senate, and no question raised as to the constitu-
tionality of the proceeding.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What was the bill ?
Mr. GREEN. The title of the bill was: " A j
bill to repeal the acts laying duty on imported |
salt, and to repeal also the bill granting certain
fishing bounties and allowances to fishing vessels
in lieu of a drawback of the duties paid on for-
' eign salt used on the fish exported." It was
brought in by Mr. Benton, from the Committee
on Finance, of which Mr. Calhoun was chair-
! man, all of these distinguished men being then m
i the Senate; and no question of Constitution or of
j order was raised.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Calhoun was neverchair-
man of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GREEN. The Journal shows that he was j
chairman. 1 do not know; I have the Journal
1 before me, and it says Mr. Calhoun was chair- ;
man of the Committee on Finance. j
Mr. GWJN. What is the date?
Mr. GREEN. Eighteen hundred and forty-
six. Here is the Journal; look at it. Here were
the dfstinguished Senators—and I only name them |
for the purpose of showing that they did not be- j
! lieve that a bill repealing a duty came m conflict
with the provision of the Constitution which said |
! that bills raising revenue must originate in the ,
' House of Representatives. There is no difficulty
I about that. But, as the Senator from Kentucky
' properly said, even iftheie were difficulty, it is a
constitutional difficulty, and not a difficulty grow-
i ing out of the rules of the Senate; and the Pre-
1 siding Officer of this body is to decide the rules of
this body, and not constitutional questions. Con-
stitutional questions appeal to the judgment of i
every Senator. We have a right to vote upon
j them, and decide according to our own notions of
j right and wrong. Enough of that.
j 1 had intended at first to vote for the proposi- .
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island to lepeal ,
the duty on salt. I looked upon it as a tax upon |
i the common necessities of the people. The poor
man has to use as much salt as the rich man, and ;
' 1 think it an unfair mode of taxation; but the,
| duty has been reduced so low—to fifteen per cent. |
j ad valorem, amounting to only about two cents a
j bushel—and as it might endanger the passage of]
i a bill to rid us of a great evil, 1 shall vote against I
I this amendment. I believe it peifectly in order, I
perfectly constitutional, to make the proposition-.
It is according to the uniform precedents when
the greatest men this-country ever produced were
in the Senate; but as it may endanger the pass-
age of the bill, and as this duty is not very'bur-
densome, I will nowvote against the amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I trust the Senator from Virginia
will withdraw the question of order; and let-us
take a vote diiectly on the amendments which are
proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, with
the leave of the Senate, will make a very brief
statement in connection with this point of order.
The Senator from Virginia objected to the amend-
ments repealing the duties upon salt and sugar as
not in order, upon the ground that they were
against the clause of the Constitution which says
that revenue bills shall originate in the House of
Representatives. The Chair indicated the other
day that he did not suppose it to be within his
sphere to decide that question oforder. Undoubt-
edly in one sense it is a point of order; for accord-
ing to the standard of our proceedings, the law
governing the proceedings of the body is com-
posed of the precepts of the Constitution and of
the rules of the body, and, where they are silent,'
of the parliamentary law; but it is quite obyious
that it is one of those points of order the Chair
ought never to attempt to decide, and if he was
to do so it would involve very great and disa-
greeable consequences, and that mode of proceed-
ing would soon become obnoxious to the Senate.
The Chair, however, will take the view of the
Senate upon that objection, for it is in the broad-
est sense a question of order. It is a question
whether the amendment is or is not in order. If
insisted upon, the Chair will put the question,
"Is this amendment in order ?"
Mr. HUNTER. I retain the same opinion. I
do not believe it is in order; and I will merely say,
before I conclude, that this is not obnoxious to
the objection that is raised, that the Ohair cannot
rule out propositions merely because they are un-
constitutional. That I admit; but there are cer-
tain constitutional rules of order. One is that one
fifth of the members present shall have the yeas
and nays recorded if they desire it. Whether
there were any provision in your book of rules
on that subject or not, there is a rule on the subject
which you would be forced to apply. So I think
there is a constitutional rule of order in regard to
the origination of money bills. But I have been
asked by my friends, particularly by the gentle-
man who has managed the bill, to withdraw the
point oforder; and saving to myself the right to
renew it hereafter if it should come up on some
other question, I will now withdraw it; not be-
cause 1 do not believe it is well taken, but that I
may not embarrass the progress of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not propose to take
any part in this discussion, nor do I now; but
this amendment has placed a,new phase upon the
whole matter. My constituents arc in favor of
i repealing the duty on sugar. The honorable Sen-
1 ator from Missouri says the amount is so small,
and so utterly insignificant 
Mr. GREEN. No; it was salt I spoke of. The
Senatoi has mistaken salt for sugar. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. A very natural mistake.
[Laughter.] I was merely going to correct him
on that point, but I stand corrected myself. We
are in favor of the repeal of the duty on both su-
gar and salt. We have very little interest in this
fishing bounty; yet, believing that it is valuable,
that it results m good, I shall vote against the re-
peal of the bounty. I am for a tariff justly dis-
; criminating!!) favor of American productions; but
there should be some parity between the article
produced and the amount of duties levied as pro-
tection. Q._
Now, how does it stand on sugar? in _!ooo,
the wholeduties on sugar amounted toJM,9&S,Ul)U;
and in 1857, they amounted to $12,478,000. In
1850, the whole product of sugar in the United
States was #12,378,000. It would have been
cheaper for us to have purchased the enure crop
of su^ar and thrown it into the sea, than to have
levied this duty upon the people of the United
States. Thegentleman from Missouri says he is
in favor of free salt, because it is an article of uni-
versal consumption. Sir, salt is no more-an ar-
ticle of universal consumption at the North than
