1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ifta
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. IVikon.
Sbwatje,
But the Senator tells us, Mr. President, that
" the object of the discussion" on this side of
the Chamber " is to agitate the question of sla-
very," and he authoritatively announces to us that
the time has gone by to discuss this question of
slavery in the abstract; and he declares that " it
should be, and must be, discussed as a practical
thing—asathingthat is,and is to be"—an " ine-
radicable thing." Assuming that slavery " is to
be ineradicable, "he is ready for a" final and con-
clusive settlement now;" and he "brings the
North and the South face to face" to see what
" resources each have in the contingency of sep-
arate organization!"
After referring, Mr. President, to theeighthun-
dred and fifty thousand square miles of territory
in the South; to its fine soil and delightful clt-
mate; to the control of the great valley of the Mis-
sissippi, the seat of future empire which she will
maintain forever, the Senator boasts that " they
have on their muster-rolls a million of men/'
'' men brought up on horseback, with guns in their
hands," and that "in an emergency everyone
of them would be available." Sir, this idle boast
is simply ridiculous. It will excite a smile every-
where among people who have any adequate con-
ception of what is necessary to embody and sup-
port, even for a few months, a large military force.
This jubilant boast reminds me of the brilliant
conception of " lengthening their bayonets one
foot," ascribed to Governor McDuffie,atthe time
when South Carolina was big with nullification;
when we New England Yankees were casting
cannon, making swords, and even military but-
tons to gild the uniform of the chivalry who were
Emitting after the baimeis of disunion.
Having, Mr. President, vaunted their prowess
and military resources, the Senator turns to the
exports of the South, and ho asserts that the
wealth of a nation depends entirely upon its sur-
plus export productions. If the theory that the
foreign exports of a nation are the measure of
the productive wealth of a nation be true, the
South ought to be a very rich country—lav more
wealthy than the North. If it be true, the nation
now m possession of $9,700,000,000 ought to be
poor indeed, for, since the adoption of the Consti-
tution, we have imported more than we have ex-
ported by $800,000,000. If we credit the Sena-
tor's proud vauntings of the surplus exports of
the South, we must believe she is the seat of com- 1
mercial power, of accumulated capital, of rail-
roads, of ships; the section to which you can look
for surplus capital, to which the Government now
looks for the. purchase of its twenty millions of
Treasury notes. Sir, the South may export her
millions of dollars of cotton, rice, and tobacco,
year after year, and she may do so at a loss^ of
millions annually. She may import from the East
and from the West, as she often has done, mil-
lions more than she receives for her exports.
Every merchant and business man in America
knows this to be so.
Sir, the Senator from South Carolina assures
us that " the South is perfectly competent to go
on one, two, or three years, without planting a
seed of cotton!" The South, with millions in-
vested in lands and in slaves, able to stop planting
cotton for three years ! Sir, they can only stop
by ceasing tp fulfill their obligations, and by sac-
rificing in one year, in the value of lands and
slaves, more than the value of three cotton crops.
Howmany of the cotton-growers could cease even
for one year, and keep the sheriff from their doors ?
The slave States owe to the free States this day
more than the value of the cotton crop now being
planted. They owe millions upon millions to the j
free States for merchandise, to say nothing of the i
sums owed for lands, railroads, and other invest-
ments. Sir, the South has seen few days, for a
quarter of a century, when she was not indebted
to the free States to the value of at least one cot-
ton crop; yet the Senator vauntingly tells us that
they have " poured in upon us one million six ;
hundred thousand bales of cotton just at this I
crisis, to save us from destruction;" that they j
have, owing to the bursting of our bubbles at the ;
North, sacrificed thirty-five millions, which they j
" have put into the charity box of our finan- i
ciers!" Do our financiers owe you for your crop ? j
Did not your crop come at the " crisis" to pay,
in pait, your own debts r
Sir, instead of putting millions into the charity
box of our merchants and manufacturers, I tell
the Senator that thousands of merchants, manu-
facturers, and mechanics of the North are this
day, and have been for months, pressed with the
burden of bearing the unpaid debts owed them by
the slave States. Your eotton has been paid for
at the market value in cash; the.balanSe af your
crop, not yet delivered, has been paid for,; send
it promptly forward, and thus keep that faith of
which you boast so much. Does not the Senator
know that millions of merchandise purchased one
year ago on long credits—for you sell for cash and
buy on long credits—have been renewed, and re-
main yet unpaid ? while the bills for tens of mil-
lions of last fall's purchases have not yet matured !
while your merchants are now in the market pur-
chasing on credit, thus, in -many cases, making
three bills for unpaid goods? I remember that
during the terrible pressure of last year, while our
business men were staggering under the pressure,
thirteen o.ut of fourteen wholesale merchants in
one department of business in one sou them city
imposed upon their eastern creditors the burden
I, of renewing their matured notes, Sir, I tell the
vaunting Senator from South Carolina that we
of the North buy the cotton, sugar, rice, and to-
bacco of the South, for gold, and sell you goods
on six, eight, twelve, and fifteen months' credit;
and that these long credits are often renewed, and
frequently never paid at all. The merchants and
manufacturers of the North have lost hundreds
of millions of dollars during tins last thirty ye.irs
in the slave States. I have personally lost, m the
Senatoi's own State, in Louisiana, Virginia, and
Kentucky, thousands of dollars more than 1 am
now able to command.
But the Senator, filled with magnificent visions
of southern power, crowns cotton, " king," and
tells us that if they should stop supplying cotton
for three years, " England would topple head-
long, and carry the whole civilized world with her j
save the South I" What presumption! TheSouth
—which owns lands and slaves, the price fluctu-
ating with the production, use, and price of cot-
ton, having no other resource or means of support
— would go harmless; wlule the great commercial
centers of the world, with the vast accumulations
of capital, the products of ages of accumulation,
with varied pursuits and skilled industry, would
" topple" to their fall! Sir, t suppose the coffee
planteis of Brazil, the tea growers of the Celestial
Empire, and the wheat growers on the shores of
the Black sea, and oil the banks of the Don and
the Volga, indulge in the same magnificent illu-
sions. I would remind the Senator that the com-
mercial world is not governed by the cotton plant-
ers of the South, the coffee planteis of Brazil, the
tea growers of China, nor the wheat producers of
eastern Europe. I tell the Senator that Eng-
land, France, Germany, western Europe, and the
northern States of the Union, are the commercial,
manufacturing, business, and monetary centers of
the world; that their merchants, manufacturers,
and capitalists grasp the globe; tiiat cotton and
sugar and tea and coffee and wheal and the spices
of the isles of the Oriental seas are grown for them.
Sir, the cotton planters of the South are simply
their agents, and they perform their tasks under
a necessity quite as great as then* own slaves per-
form theirs under the taskmaster's eye. I would
remind the Senator that the free States, in 1850,
produced $850,000,000 of manufactures, and that
§52,000,000 of that vast production, only about
one seventeenth part of it, was made up of cotton.
Our manufactures and mechanic arts now must
exceed twelve hund red million dollars, and cotton
does not make up more than seventy million dol-
lars. Does the Senator think the free States would
"topple" down if they should lose one seven-
teenth part of their productive industry?
The productive industry of Massachusetts, a
State that manufactures more than one third of all
the cotton manufactured m the country, was, in
1855, $350,000,000; only $26,000,000, one thir-
teenth part of it, was cotton. Does the Senator
believe that a State which has a productive indus-
try of $350,000,000,about $380 per head for each
person, would perish if she should lose $'2fi,000,000
; of that vast production :
> It is no matter of surprise that gentlemen who
I live away off on cross-roads, where the cotton
blooms, should come to believe that cotton ,#ules
the world; but a few month's association with
the great world would cure that de]usiosn. " You
are our factors!" exclaims tlje S&nastor. "Ypy
bring and carry for us. Suppose we were .to,' dis-
charge you ? Suppose we were to take our busi-
ness out of your hands, We should songigli yop
to dinarchy,and poverty!" Sir, supppse,
the Senator returns from this Chamber to his cot*
ton-fields, his slaves should, in their simplicity,
say tp him: " M^ssa., you only sells di? cotton; we
plants; we hoes; w« picks tie cotton! 'Spo?e ye
discharge you, Massa!" The unsophisticated
" mud-sills" would be quite as reasonable as isthg
Senator. The Senator seems to think that t&e cot-
ton planters hold us in the hollow of their hands;
if they shake them, we tremble; if they close
them, we perish.
But the Senator from South Carolina, after
crowning cotton as king, with power to bring Eng-
land and all the civilized world " toppling" down
into the yawning gulphs of bankruptcy and ruin,
complacently telis the Senate ?md the trembling
subjects of his cotton king that the greatest
strength of the South arises from the harmony of
her political and social institutions;" that " h^r,
forms of society are the bes.t in the world;" that
" she has an ex tent of political freedom, combined
with entire security, seen nowhere on earth."
The South, ho tells us, " is satisfied, harmonious,
and prosperous," and he asks us if we "have
heard that the ghosts of Mendoza and Torque-
madn are stalking in the streets of our great cities;
that the inquisition is at hand, and that there are
fearful rumors of consultations for vigilance com-
mittees >" Sir, thisself-complacancy is sublime!
No son of the Celestial Empire can approach the
Senator in self-complacency. That " society the
best in the world" where more than three millions
of beings, created in the image of God, are held
as chattels—sunk from the lofty level oflromanity,
down to the abject condition of unreasoning beasts
of burden ! That " society the best in the world"
where are manacles, chains, and whips, auction-
blocks, prisons, bloodhounds, scourgings, lynch-
ings, and burnings, laws to torture the body,
shrivel the mind,"and debase the soul; where labor
is dishonored and laborers despised ! " Political
freedom "in a land where woman is imprisoned for
teaching little children to read God's Holy Word;
where professors are deposed and banished for
opposing the extension of slavery; where public
men are exiled for quoting in a national conven-
tion the words of Jefferson; where voters are
| mobbed for appearing to vote for free territory;
j and where booksellers are driven from the coun-
i try for selling a copy of that masterly work of
[ genius, "Uncle Tom's Cabin!" Aland of " cer-
| tain security," where patrols, costing, as in old
j Virginia, more than is expended to educate her
! poor children, stalk the country to catch the
i faintest murmur of discontent; where the bay of
1 the bloodhound never ceases; where but iittle
I more than one year ago rose the startling cries of
insurrection; and where men,someof them owned
by a member of this body, were scourged and
murdered for suspected insurrection! " Political
freedom" and " certain security" in a land which
demands that seventeen millions of freemen shall
stand guard to seize and carry back fleeing bond-
men !
Mr. President, the Senator from South Caro-
lina, with a charming simplicity, which reminds
us of a distant plantation, away from the haunts
of the busy world, where " unaspiring" bondmen
delve, where the cottom blooms, with a frankness
worthy of commendation, proceeds to unfold to
the world the social ideas and political problems
of that school of which he is an accepted teacher,
lie lays down axioms and maxims as the true
social and political creed of slaveholding Lecomp-
ton Democracy. I invoke the men of the North,
ay, the men of the South, the toiling millions of
the Republic, to read and ponder well these doc-
trines proclaimed here in the Senate of this dem-
ocratic Republic, with such audacity, by one of the
champions of the Lecompton constitution—one
of the apostles of the Africanized Democracy.
Listen to the oracular words of the Senator:
" 111 all -'>"];! i <y<iHms there must be a class to (to the me-
nial duties to perloria the drudsrery of lU'o. Thaus, a class
lequiring but a low oiuer oi intellect and but little skill. Its
