1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
turned over to them; they said that northern Gov-
ernors were not to be trusted. The President, full
of gratitude to the South, which had so well sus-
tained him, and perhaps not having much of that
excellent quality which was possessed in some de-
gree by Reederand Geary, said to them," do with
me as thou wilt;" and straightway appointed two
slaveholders, from the States of Mississippi and
Tennessee, Governor and Secretary of that ill-
starred Territory. Now, everything seemed to
be going on swimmingly for the slavery propa-
gandists. Governor Walker was to have full sway,
with an army to back him. General Harney, sup-
posed to be an excellent butcher, especially where
Abolitionists were to be disposed of, was sent for
to command the army in Kansas, where the peo-
ple were enjoying such sweet repose, under the
quieting influence of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise! Well, sir, the result is known to
the whole country—how Walker and Stanton be-
gan, filled with bitter prejudices against the free-
State men there; how they menaced the city of
Lawrence while camped before it; how gradually
their eyes became opened; and at last, like the
messengers who were sent out by Saul to take
David a third time, even they prophesied also.
After a service of a few months Walker was
invited to resign; and Stanton was removed for
calling the Territorial Legislature together, that
they might provide some method by which the
people could express their assent, or dissent, to
the Lecompton constitution, which had been de-
nied them by the constitutional convention. That
did not suit this squatter-sovereignty Democracy,
nor did it please his majesty James I.; for with
all the obstructions which had been thrown in
their way, notwithstanding the obstacles opposed
to emigration from the free States, and the op-
pressions and outrages they experienced, still the
great pulsations of freemen could not be sup-
pressed; and when our emigrants to Kansas could
not get in the front way by the ordinary channels of
travel, their steady tramp was heard over the prai-
ries and through the wilderness of western Iowa
and Nebraska, and into Kansas thoy would get
some way; and it was well established that the
free-State men constituted the great body of the
people of the Territory; and if the constitution
should be submitted to a fair vote of the people,
why, they would vote it down. So said the De-
mocracy of Kansas; and what was the use of mak-
ing a constitution if it was to be voted down ?
It is said by the President that the slavery ques-
tion was submitted to the people by the Lecomp-
ton convention. Now, sir, without noticing—for
I have not time—the conditional submission of
the slave-importation clause to a vote, (which was
the only thing submitted,) I deny that the ques-
tion of Kansas being a slave or free State was ever
submitted to the people by that constitution.
Slaves are held in Kansas—some hundreds of
them; I do not know how many, and it matters
not for my argument how many; for if any are
held there by constitutional authority, it is a slave
State. Now, the Lecompton constitution pro-
vides, that even if the slavery article should be
voted down, still " the right of property in slaves
now in this Territory shall in no manner be inter-
fered, with." And this the President, in his mes-
sage, approves, and thinks it would be very wrong
for the constitution to drive the slavery already
existing in the Territory out of the State, or to
deprive the masters already there of their slave
property.
Sir, to this complexion has popular sovereignty
come at last: first, deny the right of either Con-
gress or a Territorial Legislature to prohibit sla-
very in a Territory; next, procure a decision of
the Supreme Court that the Constitution of the
United States carries slavery into the Territories;
and then, deny the right of the people of a Terri-
tory, when they form a State constitution, to drive
out the slavery already existing there, upon the
ground that it is interfering with vested rights.
Mr. Chairman, I turn from this doctrine with
disgust; and I tell you that I trust the last slave
State has been added to this Confederacy. So
help me God, none shall ever be admitted with
the assistance of my vote; and whether here or
anywhere else, wherever or whenever it is in my
power to strike a shackle from a human limb, or
from human progress, that power shall be exer-
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I feel that
an apology is due to you and to the committee,
on my part, for presuming to trespass longer on
their patience in the discussion of this subject, on
which they have heard so much. I originally in-
tended to take no part in it. My purpose was to
cast my vote sans phrase, and to leave it on record
to vindicate itself; but reasons of a personal na-
ture, as well as of a nature affecting the few gen-
tlemen on this floor with whom I have the honor
to concur in sentiment, have induced me to seek
an opportunity to state the reasons why, and the
principles on which, I shall vote for the admission
of Kansas as a State under the Lecompton con-
stitution. It might be enough to say that, after
a discussion of upwards of three months, I have
neither seen nor heard assigned any sufficient
phrase, the rule is on the opposition to show
reason why I should not thus vote; for, in legal
cause, if any they have or can show, why Kan-
sas, with that constitution, should not be admit-
ted. I take it, sir, that when the people of a
Territory, being citizens of the United States, in
numbers sufficient to give them a Representative
in Congress, united as a body-politic, under a
constitution republican in its form, come here and
apply to us to be admitted as a State, their right
to admission is complete. We might, as has
been done in some instances in the history of the
country, by factious opposition, deny that right;
and the people so applying may have no legal
means of enforcing it. The remedy may not be
in their power;but, as I hold, their rightis never-
theless complete.
I have been told by a gentleman having the best
means of knowing, and having no interest what-
ever in misrepresentation, that the inhabitants of
the Territory, at the present time, number up-
wards of one hundred thousand. That statement
I have seen no one controvert. As to the numer-
ical sufficiency of herpopulation, I have not heard
it seriously doubted. I think that you, Mr. Chair-
man, [Mr. Bocock,] made the statement, the other
day on the floor, and that statement remains un-
contradicted in any of the speeches that I have
had the honor to listen to. These people, Mr.
Chairman, come here with a constitution that, I
suppose, no one will deny is republican in its
form, and ask to be admitted. Now, sir, why
should they not be admitted ? What is the rea-
son ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman asks why
Kansas should not be admitted ? I will assign the
reason why she should not be. It is that they
ask us to give them power in this body in the
election of a President of the United States, and
in the Federal Government, in proportion to the
number of their slavps, allowing three slaves in
that Territory to equal one such man as he [Mr.
Maynard] and I. Now, I am unwilling to sur-
render my own dignity in this way.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am very glad that the
gentleman has mentioned that point; and prob-
ably 1 shall allude to it before I sit down. That
is an old idea, which has been repeated again and
again, and which has been suffered to pass un-
challenged and uncontradicted. to my utter sur-
prise and amazement.
But I was going on to speak of the reason why
we are told Kansas should not be admitted under
this constitution. The reason is because her con-
stitution does—what? Establish slavery ? Not
a bit of it. It does not do that. But because it
recognizes a property in slaves that are already
there. Because it provides that these slaves shall
not be emancipated, except on one of two condi-
tions: either that the consent of the owner shall
first be obtained, or that the pecuniary value of
the slave shall be paid him in money; and thatso
long a3 slavery is recognized in Kansas, the em-
igrant who comes there shall be permitted to in-
troduce the slaves which he actually andbonafide
owns.
That, sir, is the reason why the Opposition on
this side of the House insist that Kansas shall not
be admitted into the Union underthe Lecompton
constitution. .
But, sir, what are the pretexts which tliey set
up' One is, that the convention which framed
that constitution had no authority to frame o State
constitution. The second is, that after they had
framed the constitution, they did not submit
ratification or rejection at the ballot-box. The
third is, that the constitution in itself does not
contain any provision by which it may be changed
until 1864. The fourth is, that because in the
election, under the convention which framed the
constitution, held on the 21st of December, frauds
intervened at the ballot-box.
Now, sir, I shall not attempt to discuss these
various pretexts, or either of them. They have
been discussed, ably and ingeniously discussed,
for the last three months; and if the discussion
has advanced one step since the first arguments
which were made in the other end of the Capitol
at the very outset of the session, I confess I have
not been able to see it. The arguments have been
varied; the phraseology has been changed; form
and variety have been given to illustration, but the
discussion stands to the logic of the mind exactly
where it did after the first week or ten days of the
session. And, sir, we might stand here and refine
and discuss the question of the sovereignty of the
people; whether that sovereignty is subject to be
delegated; whether it is divisible or indivisible;
whether it is complete or only partial; we might
dwell here upon the various questions of political
metaphysics to our dying day, and we would never
arrive one step nearer a result that would be either
conclusive or satisfactory. And what is the use
of it? What does it all amount to ? Other gen-
tlemen may differ with me in 6pinion; I speak
only for myself. I would bind no man to my opin-
ion. I profess to bind no man to my opinions, but,
sir, in my opinion, let these questions be discussed
as ably as they may be, and decided either the one'
way or the other, and it will amount to nothing
in settling the great point which we have before
us for our ultimate decision. I know that a man.
who wants to pursue a particular course for rea-
sons best known to himself, who does not like to
give the true reason, will sometimes be very in-
genious in assigning false reasons, untrue reasons,
reasons, I mean, which are not his real reasons.
I do not intend by this, or by any other remarks
I shall make, to be offensive; I mean not to be of-
fensive to any one, and I hope that every gentle-
man will understand me, that if in the heat of
debate, I shall use any language that shall jar
upon the feelings of any member of this House,
I shall be ready to make all due reparation.
We may just as well come right up to the ques-
tion. There is no use in beating about the bush.
We have been told repeatedly by gentlemen on
this side of the House, when pressed for a reply,
that if every man, woman, and child, in Kansas,
were in favor of admitting her into the Union as
a slave State, they would resist it. This is the
very last expression of sentiment we have heard
on this floor, from the honorable gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. FAnNswoRTii,] who has just taken
his seat, and who closed with an enunciation. I
understood him to make an appeal to God—to say
with solemn emphasis, " So help me God ! I will
never vote for the admission of another slave State
into the Union." There, sir, is the ground we
have to stand upon, the ground we have to contest,
and we might as well come right up to the point
like true soldiers, and like men meet it. " When
Greek meets Greek then comes the tug of war."
But, sir, they must meet upon the plains of Hel-
las, upon the shores of the Hellespont, or the tug
of war does not come.
Mr. Chairman, I might, if I chose, commend,
to my Democratic friends for their consideration—
just here, I might show them and point to them
as a warning—how their principles and their pol-
icy, which they have been foryears inaugurating
upon the country, and which have greatly tended
to cliangc the Government from a pure republic
to a simple democracy, have now returned upon
them to plague the inventors. This idea of sub-
mitting a constitution to the people for the popu-
lar vote, is only one of them—perhaps the least
objectionable. I have no time to discuss the sub-
ject as I conceive it should be discussed; but when
gentlemen rise here, and insist that it is necessary,
to give validity to a constitution framed by a con-
vention of the people that it shall first be submit-
ted to the people at the ballot-box, for their rati-
fication or rejection, and approved by them, they
announce a doctrine that would have startled
George Washington, James Madison, Alexander
Hamilton, Roger Sherman, Benjamin Franklin,*
Rufus Kins, the Morrises, and Pinckney, and the
other sages" who framed our American Constitu-
tion. Those great men unanimously recom-
mended that the"Constitution of the United states
should be submitted " to a convention of dele-
