2232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1&,
It is eminently the poorman's luxury; it
is a necessity with him. Its consumption is enor-
mous. I trust that this amendment will prevail;
and, while I should not vote for tbo bill without
it, if the amendment be adopted, I shall vote for
the bill as amended; for 1 consider the benefit re-
sulting from the repeal of the duty on sugar greater
than any benefit that may result from the contin-
uance of the fishing bounty.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Sljdell] gave notice that, if this amendment pre-
vailed, he should move, as an amendment, a pro-
vision abolishing all custom-houses. I do not
know but that I am prepared for that proposition,
if there is no other way to stop the enormous
extravagance that now reigns through all the
branches of this Government, and then come to
direct taxation. I should be glad to see yourarmy
of custom-house officers all over the United States
abolished. They are mere partisans. They are
not placed in office to perform their duties as offi-
cers of this Government, bat to act as politicians;
and I should be glad to sec them swept off' the
face of the earth as officers of this Government—
I do not mean swept off literally, but figuratively.
Mr. SEWARD. In a Pickwickian sense.
Mc. CHANDLER. Put it in that light. I do
not pledge myself to vote for that proposition
when it comes up, but I should take it into very
serious consideration; and I do not know that I
might not vote for it. Why, sir, if your custom-
houses were done away with, and you resorted
to direct taxation in order to obtain the amount
of money now expended by the Government—
$70,000,000 annually—you would have to levy
upon each congressional district a tax of $300,000.
Now, sir, let a Representative in the other House
go home to his constituents, and say, " I have
voted to tax you $300,000, and the collcctors will
be around in due process of time"—how many of
them do you suppose could stand up before their
constituents in the face of such a tax as that?
Alabama has seven Representatives in the other
House. Her proportion of this direct tax would
be $2,100,000, in gold and silver, to be collected
from the State of Alabama, and carted up to
Washington. Sir, do you not believe it would
lead to prudence in our expenditure of money? I
fear there is no other way to bring the expenses
of this Government down to a fair basis, except
direct taxation. Let the Representative meet his
constituents with the bills, and they will call him
to a rigid account. Under that system, I believe
you would see the expenses of this Government
reduced from §70,000,000 to $35,000,000 in less
than two years. I do not say that 1 should vote
for that; but I should like to see the present Ad-
ministration try the experiment.
The votes of Alabama in the last presidential
election were seventy-five thousand in all. The
average assessment upon each voter, " poor white
folks"and all, in the State of Alabama, would be
about thirty dollars to the man. Well, sir, I im-
agine that some of tljose Alabamians would want
to know where the money went to before they
paid their thirty dollars a head. Louisiana has
four Representatives, and her proportion would
be $1,200,000 in gold and silver. Her votes at
the last presidential election, in 185G, were forty-
two thousand; and inthe State of Louisiana thirty
dollars to the man, including " poor white folks,
would be the amount to be levied in gold and sil-
ver and carted up to Washington. 1 should like
to see the honorable Senator from Louisiana meet
that statement before his constituents, and justify
his vote of $70,000,000 for the current expenses
of this Government. Let the proposition be
brought in—the sooner the better; and I should
be glad to sec this Administration adopt the pol-
icy; but, sir, it would be swept out of existence
forever the moment the people had an opportu-
nity to get at the men who cast the votes.
Mississippi gave sixty thousand votes at the
presidential election, and has four Representa-
tives. In Mississippi the proportion would be
about twenty dollars a man. Floi ida cast eleven
thousand votes, and has one Representative; it
wouldamount to about twenty dollars there. Vir-
ginia has thirteen Representatives, and one hun-
dred and fifty thousand votes. Iler proportion
would be $3,900,000 annually, or twenty-six
dollars for every man in the State of Virginia.
I should like to sec the State of .Virginia pay
$3,900,000, in direct taxes, to support this Gov-
ernment. Sir, you would see economy, you would
feel economy, in every vote that was cast in this
body or the other House, under direct taxation.
Let it come.
North Carolina has eight members, and casts
eighty thousand votes. Her proportion would be
§2,400,000 of direct taxes—nearly thirty dollars
per man. Georgia has eight Representatives, and
casts eighty-nine thousand votes, and her propor-
tion would be $2,400,000, or twenty-five dollars
per man, with the present expenditures of this
Government. What they may be one year hence,
God knows, at the rate we are going on in squan-
dering the money of the people. Sir, I should
like to see the honorable Senator bring in his
proposition. I do not say how I shall vote upon
it.- I trust this amendment will be adopted, and
that we may see free sugar and free salt, and then
I will vote for the bill—not otherwise.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say a word, sim-
ply for the purpose of notifying my constituents
that I am attentive to their interests here, and not
with the view of being drawn into a side issue,
such as is presented by the Senator from Michi-
gan. So far as the duty on sugar is concerned,
we know that the amendment is merely presented
to this bill with a view of defeating the fishing
bounty bill; and I am not going to discuss that
question under such circumstances. It is not put
forward as a serious proposition. The very men
who propose it, and who are going to vote for it
now, know that they do not intend to carry out the
purpose they pretend to have. They know that
the Government cannot do without the duty on
sugar this year; and they know farther that the
duty on sugar is not to be reduced by itself, any
more than the duty on salt or any other particular
article; but that the tariff is always to be altered
when necessary as a general subject which re-
quires revision, according to the interests of all
parts of the Union combined.
I will say one word in relation to this question
of revenue which the Senator from Michigan has
brought forward, as gentlemen around me may
not be quite familiar with the facts. He compares
the duties paid on sugar last year with those paid
some six or eight years ago. Why, sir, it is a
matter known to every one that last year, owing
to unfortunate accidents to the crop, the crop of
Louisiana was reduced lower than it ever has been
reduced since it became worthy of being called a
sugar-producing State; and, under that state of
things, the people of this country were saddled
with an enormous increase of the foreign pur-
chase of sugar, Louisiana not furnishing the sup-
ply which she usually furnishes. Consequently,
the duties collected ran up very suddenly fiorn
three or four to twelve million dollars. Let the
gentleman look at the end of this year again,
and tell me what has become of the revenue of
$12,000,0(10 on sugar? It will be back to $3,000,000,
because the crop is a fair one. These contingen-
cies occur in the cultivation of a crop of that kind,
which is somewhat forced in our climate; liable
to be cut off either by inundations or by early
frosts, or by very late frosts. They have occurred
once or twice in the history of that cultivation.
The year 3857 produced the smallest crop" ever
produced by Louisiana since sugar has really been
the principal culture of the State. From that acci-
dental cause, there was an enormous increase of
importation, and the price became enormously
high by reason of the failure of the crop, and the
importation being so largely increased for the
same purpose. It is no ordinary state of things
that produces that result.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 do not suppose there is
any necessity for debating this proposition; but
the Senator from Louisiana made a remark, and
threw his hand this way, conveying the impies-
sion, without, perhaps, meaning any personal
allusion, that there was a plan on this side of the
Chambpr to vote for this amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN", f had not, the remotest idea
of anything of the kind. I am sorry my gesture
was an unfortunate one.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not intend, myself, to
vote for the repeal of the duty on sugar, although
there may be some good reasons given for it, or
for the repeal of the duty on salt, or the repeal of
the fishing bounties; I am against the whole; I
am sorry to disagree with my worthy colleague
in reference to the salt duty. I do not believe
this is a time to repeal duties of any kind, and
particularly it is not a time to repeal the duty on
sugar. I was very sorry to hear the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] say the other day that
if we agreed to this amendment, repealing the
duty on sugar, he would then move to repeal the
duties on textile fabrics. I am not in the habit
of saying that I will or will not vote for one propo-
sition, if another happens to receive the favorable
action of the Senate. He seems to take the ground
that we shall have taxed sugar and salt, or free
silk and satin. I do not believe in either. Iwant
to get the revenue in the most legitimate way I
can get it.
I disagree, too, with the reasoning of my hon-
orable friend from Michigan about the effect of the
twelve million duty collected last year on sugar.
He said it was so great a tax on the people that
we had better buy the crop of Louisiana and
throw it into the ocean. Now, sir, I believe that
if it were not for the crop of Louisiana we should
pay a greater tax than we now do. I am aware
that some Senators, in the discussion of this bill
have intimated that the old-fashioned doctrine of
protection has bccomc so obsolete that no one
will rise up and defend it. I believe that enuncia-
tion was made by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Pugh] in connection with his remarks stating his
disposition to get rid of the bounties, paid, as he
said, to these aristocratic fishermen. Thatwasthe
first time I ever heard fishermen, Cape Cod fisher-
men particularly, called aristocrats; but the Sena-
tor from Ohio thinks they are about the greatest
aristocrats in the world.
Mr. PUGH. I think any man who is sup-
ported by taxing the rest of the community to
keep up his business is an aristocrat. That is my
definition of the term.
Mr. SIMMONS. These men are hard-work-
ing " aristocrats."
Mr. PUGH. I do not care whether they work
or not; they tax other hard-working men.
Mr. SIMMONS. Every man to his taste. I
do not complain particularly of the terms applied
to these men; but when we have a proposition to
reduce their wages from twelve to eleven dollars
a "month—for that I take it will be the effect of the
bill—I do not want to apply any opprobrious epi-
thet to them, or call them aristocrats.
Mr. PUGH. I did not apply any such term as
the Senator mentions; but, as the Senator has
chosen to speak of it, perhaps for the purpose of
prolonging this matter, I will say that I consider
it theesscnce of all aristocracy that a man should
be supported by taxation on the body of the com-
munity.
Mr. SIMMONS. I thought the Senator called
them aristocrats, or something like that.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; I did not.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, sir, as to this matter
of sugar, I suppose every one will admit, after
our last year's experience, that it would be better
to have the duty specific. Last year the price of
sugar being double the ordinary price, and the
duty being thirty per cent, ad valoiem, it was just
double in amount what it had been the previous
year; and thus we had a double duty at precisely
the time when we needed very little, and when it
did not benefit the planters. This is the effect of
the modern system of levying a percentage on the
value of the article imported as duty. Last year,
the sugar crop having failed m this country, and
the price having gone to double the ordinary
amount in other sugar-growing countries, and
our duty being a percentage on the value of the
imported article, we doubled the amount of duties
at a time when there was a famine in the land os
to sugar. That is the effect of levying duties by
the ad valorem system instead of having specific
rates. If we had a duty of a cent or a cent and
a half a pound on sugar, which would do some
good when the price was low, and give the pro-
ducers here a chance for our market, it would not
be a burden when the price was high. I have
always been in favor either of a specific rate of
duty,'or of fixing for each article a specific value
in the law, on which value to lay the duty. That
used to be the distinction between protectionists
and free-traders. We never have had any prac-
tical free-traders in this country. Persons have
borrowed the term for the purpose of making a
vicious system popular by putting a popular name
to it—"free." The old-fashioned notion about
protection was, that the duties should be certain
and specific', and that wag the very controversy
