1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. Judge Loring
was removed for a violation of a State law.
Mr. MAYNARD. The State of Massachu-
setts has, through all the departmentsi of'her gov-
ernment, her Legislature, and her chief Execu-
tive, decided that the citizens of a slave State sliall
not have their constitutional rights upon the soil
of Massachusetts. I care very little about that.
I presume that there are few people of the South
who care to go into Massachusetts, but I fear this
is going to result in retaliation from the South. I
fear it.
I have remarked privately to gentlemen who
represent that State upon this floor, and I tell
them publicly now, that before they are aware of
it they may find their State out of the Union. The
people of Massachusetts do not, like the people of
the South, stay at home to attend to their busi-
ness. The people of the South, when they go
abroad, go for pleasure, rarely for business. The
people of Massachusetts, on the contrary, are all
over the world. They have business, and much
business, in the South. How easy would it be
for the people of the different southern States, as
one of.them has proposed to do, to pass laws dis-
franchising the citizens of Massachusetts, so that
they should have no locus standi in curia, no legal
remedy for the protection either of life or prop-
erty; so that no Massachusetts vessel should be
protected from pillage if she landed upon the
southern coast by accident or otherwise; so that
not a solitary article of Massachusetts manufac-
ture should be sold there? I might go on and
show that these measures of retaliation are prac-
ticable; that they can be done. But I should be
sorry to see when they are done.
You may say that such a policy would be un-
wise, that it is impolitic and unconstitutional. I
would be very sorry—and I say it here without
hesitation—to see such a policy adopted, and I
would resist it as unwise and injudicious. But,
sir, I know very well that there are prominent
men who differ from me in the matter of policy
and the matter of propriety. These things, too,
never stop with the act itself. There is always a
result and a consequence which you cannot tram-
mel up, which I, as a citizen of our common
country, would deprecate and deplore. X am one
of those who have no belief in a dissolution of
the Union as a remedy for the evils under which
wo suffer. In my judgment, it is much wiser to
 " bear those ills we have,
Than fly to otheis that we know not of."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WALDRON. I amaware,Mr. Chairman,
that the discussion on the Lecompton constitu-
tion has been prolonged in this Hall until it has,
to a ccrtain extent, lost novelty and interest; and,
if I consulted only my own feelings, I should con-
tent myself with a silent vote on the proposition
which the President's message brings to our no-
tice; but the vote that I cast here is the expres-
sion of men with whom this question is one of
deep and engrossing interest; and, in justice to
them, I would avow publicly the views and con-
victions which control that vote.
The special message of the President, and the
constitution which it indorses, arc documents in
every respect worthy of each other. An instru-
ment like this Lecompton contrivance ought to be
accompanied by exactly such a message. There
has been exhibited in the construction of that in-
strument a shameless disregard of even the ap-
pearances of honesty, which is paralleled only by
the bold and reckless statements of the message.
There has been in every movement of the framers
of that constitution a cool and wanton violation
of popular rights, which is appropriately followed
up by a deliberate perversion of truth, and reck-
less suppression of facts. The conspirators at
Lecompton treated the citizens of the Territory
as tola\es, and the Executive of the nation de-
nounces them as rebels. It was not enough that
these men should suffer wrongs at the hand of
usurped authority, but there must be added to
thorn opprobrium, accusation, and insult; and the
Executive now steps in, so that no part is left
unacted in this programme of outrage. There is
symmetry in the design, as well as harmony in
the execution. JNo trifling matters of form or fact
are allowed to interfere where congenial tastes
and a common purpose draw men together; and
Buchanan and Calhoun strike hands in mutual
admuation of cach other's work.
The citizens of this broad land will peruse this
message with varied emotions. A few will exult
over it with exceeding joy. The men who in-
dorsed its author in the last canvass as " one
who had never, by vote, or speech, or act, pained
the most sensitive southern heart," will be de-
lighted with it; for it establishes their political
sagacity beyond doubt, and affords them renewed
evidence that their confidence has not been mis-
placed. There are others who will join with them
m admiration of its ability. The armed men who
invaded Kansas in 1855, and elected, over the heads
of its people, a Territorial Legislature, will be de-
lighted at the earnestness with which the Presi-
dent rebukes the free-State men for attempting to
establish a government by force; and they will
breathe freer and easier when they find that there
is at the head of affairs an officer who is so con-
scientiously the advocate of peaceful and legiti-
mate suffrage. The President will also have his
admirers among the past legislators of that Ter-
ritory—the men who were kind enough to leave
Missouri at the call of their neighbors, and take
the interests of Kansas under their guardianship.
These men will be horrified, in common with the
President, at the usurpation which he charges
upon the free-State men—the usurpation of men
who would govern themselves! Then there are
the disinterested patriots in that Territory, who
manufacture poll-lists out of Cincinnati Directo-
ries. How sensibly will they appreciate the de-
nunciations of fraud that are hurled by the Pres-
ident at the heads of the Topekaites, and how
gallantly are they vindicated against the calum-
nies of their slanderers! And then, last of all,
there are the southern apostles, who, under the
lead of Atchison and Titus, undertook mission-
ary labor in that Territory. With what holy
unction will they roll their eyes heavenward,
when they read the concluding paragraphs of this
message, where the President so sincerely recog-
nizes his obligations to his conscience and his
Maker.
To these invaders and usurpers,Mr. Chairman,
this message affords "aid and comfort;" with
them it will find much favor; but there are others
in the Democratic household who will not so
readily subscribe to its reasoning and conclusions.
There were, in 185G, men at the North who were
so fervently devoted to the interests of freedom
that they were thrown into spasms at the sight of
" Dunn s bill"—men who denied with an air of
virtuous indignation that slavery had a shadow
of rightin Kansas, or could acquire it without the
consent of its people. What are these men now
told by the President for whom they voted ? Why
that Kansas is just as much a slave State as Geor-
gia or South Carolina, made so by the Federal
Constitution and despite the wishes of its people;
and this doctrine is now the standard of Demo-
cratic faith; the test of Democratic orthodoxy!
And, then, there arc the innocent mortals at the
North who voted for Air. Buchanan because they
wanted to make Kansas a free State—the men
who marched under the banner of " Buchanan
and Breckinridge," and kept step to the music
of" Free Kansas." What an air of injured inno-
cence and misplaced confidence will these men
assume when they read this message, abounding,
as it does, in doctrincs which forge and fasten
upon the Territories the fetters of oppression.
Well may these men ask, is this the feast to which
wc were invited ? Is this the Democracy of which
we were the advocates? Why, Mr. Chairman,
the Democrats of my State were told during the
last canvass that the nomination of James Buch-
anan was a virtual rebuke of the official conduct
of Franklin Pierce; and they were assured that
the Cincinnati convention had not indorsed his
administration. When we prophesied that the
election of James Buchanan would result in the
very condition of things that we to-day witness
the answer was, that the Republicans were the
men who by their acts endangered the cause of
freedom in Kansas, and that the Democrats were
the men to be relied on to save it for free men and
free institutions.
A Democratic paper (the Adrian Watchtower)
published during that canvass, and which I now
liold in my hand, charges the Republicans as fol-
lows:
" To you belongs the honor of voting to extend over free
territory the institution of American slavery, for the first
umc in the liiotory of our count) y.
« Do not attempt to dodge the responsibility and the glory i
They are yours, and yours alone."
And the same paper informs its readers that—
" If Kansas should now come into the Confederacy as a
free State, its settlers may thank the United States Senate
for the blessing; not the Republicans in the House, who
voted in solid phalanx for Dunn's slavery bill."
And at another time, in noticing the issues in-
volved in the contest between my honorable op-
ponent and myself for a seat on this floor, it warns
its readers " that a vote for John S. Barry is a
vote for freedom in Kansas, and a vote for Henry
Waldron is a vote for slavery in Kansas."
I also hold in my hand a copy of the National
Democrat, a paper which carries at mast-head
the names of Buchanan and Breckinridge, and
immediately under them the following advertise-
ments:
" Keep it before the people, that we will give the editors
of the Dowagiac Tribune, or any other person, one hun-
dred dollars, if they will show us a resolution in the Cin-
cinnati platform indorsing the Administration of Franklin
Pierce. We will also give one hundred dollars to any per-
son who will show us a resolution, or even a sentence, in
the Cincinnati platform,from which it may be inferred that
the Democratic party is in favor of the extension of slavery.
" Keep it before the people, that, at the last session of
Congress, the Republicans voted to extend slavery into Kan-
sas and Nebraska until 1858; the Democrats voted against
the measure. The House passed the bill; the Senate de-
feated it. Here are the acts of the two parties—not mere
empty professions."
It was by such representations as these that
votes were secured for James Buchanan. I might
say that the men who cast them were cheated
with their eyes open, and that they were duped
no worse than they deserved to be; but I will not
unnecessarily wound their tender sensibilities in
this day of their humiliation; I leave them to set-
tle with their betrayers, if any self-respect is left
them, or submit to the swindle, if their manhood
is " crushed out." It is my purpose to address
myself for a few moments to the question which
this message introduces to our attention—the
question of the admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that Congress may admit new States into the
Union. The language used implies the exercise
of a discretion on the part of Congress; not a dis-
cretion to be exercised arbitrarily and recklessly,
without reason or judgment, but a discretion in
accordance with well-settled rules and well-defined
principles. In determining the question of admis-
sion, there are three considerations involved which
demand the scrutiny of the national Congress.
First. Does the Territory present itself with proper
boundaries and the requisite population ? Second.
Are the people of the Territory satisftsd with the
constitution under which admission is asked?
And lastly. Is that constitution republican in its
provisions? I take it that these three questions
are pertinent to the issue; that they cover the
entire ground, and determine, by the facts they
elicit, our duty in the premises. I pass by the
first of these inquiries with the simple statement,
that no question is raised, here or elsewhere, on
the score of population or boundaries. It is con-
ceded that the Territory of Kansas contains a
population sufficient to bear the burdens of a State
government at home, and to entitle it to its repre-
sentative votes in this Capitol. In fact, a bill
passed this branch of the national Congress nearly
two years ago, admitting it into the Union as a
State; and, although bitterly assailed and con-
tested at the time, yet it was on other grounds
than that which I have indicated; and, since the
passage of that act, the steady current of immi-
gration has thrown into that Territory thousands
more of our fellow-citizens.
The second inquiry that commends itself to the
attention of the American Congress is this: Are
the citizens of Kansas content with the constitu-
tion that is here presented in their name ? Is it
their own free offering and the untrammeled ex-
pression of their will ? This is a most material
inquiry. In the determination of it, it becomes
us to examine all the facts and circumstances that
surround the inception, the framing, and the in-
dorsing of this instrument, so that we may decide
how far it meets with popular sanction and ap-
proval. For I take it for granted that no Congress
should force into the Union a State with a con-
stitution that its citizens abhorred and repudiated.
I take it that such an act is an act of despotism,
at war with the spirit of our institutions, and re-
pugnant to every republican impulse. It is a
