2234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
fowls, If there be anything, therefore, which
would relieve the poorer classes of the commu-
nity, the herdsmen, the pastoral class, it would be
the exemption from duty of salt; and if I were
seeking thus to confer benefits, salt would be the
object i would select. But, sir, it is because it is
of such universal consumption that I think it is
the proper subject of taxation. All who derive
the protection of Government should bear a por-
tion of its burdens; and the duty laid upon an
article of such universal consumption is more
equally distributed than if it was laid upon an ar-
ticle more partial in its consumption. So farthen
from adding to the free list, by withdrawing those
articles which are of universal consumption, I
much prefer to draw in such articles as tea and
coffee, which are consumed all over the country,
and which are made free because a duty on them
does not benefit some class in the United States,
made free because a tax on them protects no par-
ticular industry in our own country. That, I
think, is no reason at al!, for there the whole tax
collected would go into the Treasury, and they
■would, beyond all other classes of cases, be those
articles on which the duty levied would be for the
benefit of'the Government.
I merely rose to correct what I thought was an
unfair presentation of those who occupy the po-
sition in which I stand myself, and not to pro-
long the discussion. I thought it was exhausted,
and I will not, by going into the topics which have
been suggested, and which, it seems to me, do not
belong to the amendment, consume time upon it.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to say to the Senator
from Mississippi that the doctrine he has just
avowed is a doctrine to tax the people of the coun-
try for the benefit of the property of the country
—to tax labor for the benefit of capital; and when
the Congress of the United States settles down
upon the principle he has avowed, that articles of
general consumption—the absolute necessanesof
life, articles necessary to all men, rich and poor
—are the special objects of taxation, then 1 say
the time has come for the people of this country
to overturn this icvenue system altogether, as an
odious and oppressive system, and to establish a
system of direct taxation upon the property of the
country.
Mr. t)AVIS. I suppose the Senator must have
misunderstood me. 1 selected no object of special
taxation; I spoke of those objects which were of
universal consumption, as being such as most
properly bear the burdens of Government. JVly
theory is, as long as we collect the revenues by
duties on imports, to lay duty on everything
which will pay a duty; and therefore it was that
I proposed to bring fiom the free list into the du-
tiable list two of those articles which had been
placed there. That is not my theory—not a ptin-
ciple which I present; for the Senator is well
aware that, on other occasions, I have stated that
I thought the whole theory was wrong; that it
had led to all the abuses which existed under our
Government; and 1 would be glad to go back to
direct taxation.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think I misappre-
hended the Senator's position, and I disagree with
him altogether. 1 beiieve the system of indirect
taxation by which we support the Government of
the United States, unless proper discriminations
are made, is asystem that taxes the poor and la-
boring1 masses of the country for the relief of the
wealthy of the country. The Senator says that,
as sugar and salt are articles of general or univer-
sal consumption, a tax upon those articles is just
and equal. Now, sir, it seems to me that the
policy of the Government should be this: that
these and other articles of absolute necessity, used
by all men, rich and poor, bhould be taxed as little
as possible, or placed altogether in the free list;
and that the taxes should be levied upon the arti-
cles of luxuiy; articles consumed chiefly and
mainly by peisons able to consume them; aiticles
that are, to a considerable extent, produced in the
country. This policy would relieve the labor of
the country, by putting the burdens of taxation
upon the capital of the country; and it would pro-
tect the labor of the country, by putting the duties
on articles produced in foreign nations. Sir, this
system relieves and protects labor, develops the
productive industry and power of the country,
and imposes upon foreign labor and foreign cap-
ital a portion of the burdens of taxation necessary
to support the Government.
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell j told
us the other day, with much emphasis of tone
and manner, that if the proposition to repeal the
duties on sugar was pressed, he should move to
include all textile fabrics, and go for the aboli-
tion of custom-houses. Now, sir, I want the
Senator from Louisiana distinctly to .understand
that the threat he has made has no terror for me
—none for the State I represent. Massachusetts
does not live on your bounty or by your special
favors. I believe the people of Massachusetts pay,
in proportion to their numbers, to support this
Government, three dollars for every (foliar that is
paid in the western or southern States. There
are no people in this country, in no State, who
are taxed to support the Federal Government so
highly, in proportion to their numbers, as are the
people of the State of Massachusetts. The peo-
ple of Rhode Island and Connecticut come, per-
haps, very near to them. And that grows out of
our position. We are a commercial, a manufac-
turing and a mechanical people. Our land is poor,
and we produce but little. We consume more
largely in proportion to our numbers—vastly-more
so—articles taxed to support the Government, than
do the people of any other portion of the Union.
No man can doubt this who will take the articles
upon which duties are levied, and see where those
articles are consumed. If the doctrine avowed by
the Senator from Mississippi is to prevail, if the
policy of the Government is to be in harmony
with his theory of taxation—a theory that im-
poses upon labor the burdens of the Government,
while it does nothing to lighten those burdens by
giving indirect protection and encouragement—
then I say abolish your custom-houses altogether,
and give us a system of direct taxation—taxation
upon the property of the country, instead of tax-
ation upon the labor of the country. Rather than
adopt the policy indicated by the Senator from
Mississippi, which he tells us is the policy advo-
cated on his side of the Chamber, I would go for
the entire abolition of your revenue system, and
resort to direct taxation for the support of the
Government;-and 1 believe this to be the senti-
ment of the people of my State. Even now, under
the present system, we contribute more than our
proportion to the burdens of the Government, and
the indirect benefits we get by your present tariff
are almost worthless. •
Now, Mr. President, the pending proposition
is to repeal the duties on sugar. I am willing to
place sugar in the free list. I have no doubt we
paid in my State $1,000,DUO last year in duties
upon sugar. I agree with the Senator from Louis-
iana that what we saw last year is not likely to
be repeated this year, or the next; but still this
tax upon sugar is a direct and positive burden, a
tax—a tax upon the consumption of the country,
a tax upon the poor laboring men of the country,
to whom sugar is rather a necessity than a luxury.
It is like salt, and some other articles of prime ne-
cessity. But, sir, I must confess that tins is not
exactly the place to press this proposition. I feel
that it is wrong to interfere with the system of
bounties or allowances to the fishermen, and I re-
gret that the Senator from Alabama presses this
question as he has pressed it, with such vigor and
determination. I had hoped that this proposition
would be abandoned, and that the old policy of
the country would continue. It may be some-
what difficult to defend this policy of allowances
to the cod fisheries upon general principles; but
that this policy, early adopted, has contributed to
the benefit of the nation, I do not entertain a doubt.
Why, then, press this bill now ? Why strike at
the policy that has raised a hardy and fearless
race of men who have ever responded to the calls
of duty and patriotism in peace and in war?
If Senators wish to save money to the Treas-
ury, now exhausted, if they wish to adopt an eco-
nomical policy, there are opportunities enough to
do so. Let them go to work and reform their cus-
tom-houses. I have a list of the expenses of this
Government for the collection of the revenues for
each of the five years past. I will not detain the
Senate by referring to the facts therein contained;
but the extravagance, the corruptions of the Gov-
ernment in collecting the revenues are almost'be-
yond calculation. Little collection districts where
one or two men can collect the revenue—where a
few men did collect the revenue when it was four
or five times larger than it is now—have been in-
creased in force and expense. I find that in the
townof Burlington, Vermont, $8,581 is collected,
and $16,000 is expended to do it; and thirty-three
persons are employed*
Mr. FOOT. What year was that in ?
Mr. WILSON. In 1857. In 1852, you collected
$37,000 there, and expended $9,800 in the collec-
tion, and employed twenty-eight persons. There
is the city of Pittsburg, in Pennsylvania, where
they collect §3,500, and expend $2,400, and have
four persons in service. In 1852, they collected
$20,000, expended $1,200, and one person did the
whole business Here is a district down in North
Carolina that collected forty-three dollars in 1852,
and two persons were employed; now, we col-
lect eighty-two dollars, and to do the collecting
we have seven persons employed. This list, re-
ported by the Secretary of the Treasury oh a call
made by the Senate, and in answer to a resolution
1 introduced, should be studied by Senators who
have a fit of economy, for it shows that you can
discharge more than one thousand men you now
employ in collecting the revenue, and reduce the
expenditures $1,500,000. Your whole custom-
house system is a corrupt and extravagant one.
If the doctrines are to prevail, that we are to tax
the absolute necessaries of the people, consumed
by the masses of the country, that is, tax the labor
and relieve the wealth of the country, then give
us direct taxation. It will close these custom-
houses, discharge three thousand men — three
thousand mere politicians—employed there, and
it will reduce the expenditures of the Government
thirty or forty million dollars annually. I say to
you, sir, that the people in my State, if you adopt
that system, will pay their taxes, and we shall ,
see whether the people of some other States whose
Representatives are ever talking of free trade and
direct taxation are able and willing to pay their
taxes to support the Government. The people of
Massachusetts are in favor of a revenue system,
with incidental protection to capital and labor—
they are for taxing lightly, or admitting duty free
articles of prime necessity which we do not pro-
duce, and in favor of assessing the duties upon
articles produced in the country, thereby giving
incidental protection to American labor, and upon
luxuries consumed chiefly by the wealthy, whose
property is thus made to contribute to its own
protection. Sir, this is our policy—a policy based
on the experience of the country, and we believe
it to be for the interests of the whole country,
North and South, East and West, for labor and
capital, for producers and consumers, that this
should be the settled policy of the nation. The
sooner we adjust our revenue system so as to
secure to the labor of the country relief by making
articles of necessity we do not produce duty free,
and by assessing our duties upon luxuries and
upon the products of our own industry, the sooner
shall we give an impulse to the now depressed
business interests of the country, and be able to
fill your now exhausted Treasury, and to redeem
your outstanding Treasury notes, and the sooner
shall we be able to begin that great work, so much
desired, the Pacific railroad. 13ut whatever may
be your action, sir, in regard to the tariff, I want
the Senator from Louisiana, and all other Sena-
tors, to undexstand that a threat to resort to direct
taxation and to abolish the custom-houses, will
create no feeling of anxiety in Massachusetts.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Massachu-
setts presents a proposition the antagonist of that
which he understands me to present, and I am
perfectly willing to rest the question on a bare
statement of the case. He insists that duties
should be levied on those articles which are man-
ufactured in the United States, and upon articles
of luxury alone—not upon those of general con-
sumption. I insist that as long as we support
our Government by a revenue collected from du-
ties on imports, those duties should be levied upon
. everything which will bear a duty., varying in the
rates from revenue principles alone, and with no
view to protect any favored class within the limits
of the United States. He says, his relieves the
people, and mine burdens the people. How is
that? Does his relieve the people? Are the peo-
ple to pay no taxes ? Pray where do they get the
money now to pay taxes except from the capital
and property of the country ? It is absurd to say
thatlabox pays taxes. Property pays them. Prop-
erty increases the wages of labor. Property must
exist to pay the labor; the laborer's consumption
falls back upon property at last. That great prob-
