1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22S5
lem which has disturbed the world, the relation
between capital and labor, is one with which the
Senator ought to be familiar; it is one which be-
longs rather to hisregion of country than to mine;
for there labor and capital, thank God, are the
same.
I will suppose a case, however, under the Sen-
ator's theory, that we import a million dollars'
worth of a particular article, and produce in the
country the same value of that particular article:
then the two millions are consumed, and the du-
ties paid upon one, million of it go into the pocket
of the producer; the duties paid on the other mil-
lion go to support the Government of the United
States. The consumers, then, who are the peo-
ple upon his theory, pay two dollars, only one
of which goes to the support of the Government;
and that Government, having no right to tax them
save for specified purposes. The whole power
of the Government to lay taxes is derived from
its duties of protection to those on whom it im-
poses the burden. The purposes for which it
shall levy taxes are declared in the Constitution;
and among those the Senator will not find the
protection of any favored class of labor or pro-
duction. The only theory on which the duty
can be equally distributed is that which imposes
it upon consumption in every form in which taxes
may be divided.
But he says if this is to be done, he is in favor
of abandoning the whole system of duties upon
imports. That declaration might be rendered by
an opponent of his thus: " If you have no bounty,
no protective duties for the benefit of yourself and
your constituents, then you desire there should
be no duties levied on imports at all." That the
duty imposed upon sugar operates for the benefit
of those who cultivate it, is certainly true. It is
true of every duty which is imposed upon every-
thing manufactured or produced within the limits
of the United States. All that I asserted, and all
that I am now prepared to admit, is that if it is
imposed for protection alone which would be ex-
emplified by making it prohibitory, I will then, as
readily as any one who is opposed to the section
where that exists, vote against it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, this question,
it seems, is viewed in different lights in different
quarters of the country. I disagree with the Sen-
ator from Mississippi in his view as to the taxes
which are levied upon the producing classes being
levied upon the property of the country. Sir, I
consider that the source of wealth in this country j
is the labor of the country, and every production
of labor which is made more valuable by your
indirect system of revenue, adds to the wages of
the labor of the country. It is for that very rea-
son that I oppose this amendment. I do not care
whether the labor be employed m Louisiana or
in Rhode Island. I go for the protection of labor,
be it employed where it may: and I would adopt
a system which would benefit the producers of
the country by incidental protection, or any other
name you may choose to give it. The notion of
taxing articles that do not come in competition
with the producers of this country, as a means
of equalizing your burdens, is a very fallacious
notion, and it is to that simply that I wish to call
the attention of the Senator from Mississippi. I
can now do so, perhaps, and get his car with more
readiness than I could if the article in question
happened to be produced in a different section of
the country; but I hope not. I do not mean to
intimate that he is not as well disposed towards
my section of the country as he is towards his
own.
I had occasion at a former time to speak of the
influence of the introduction of'the sugar culture
upon the other great staples of the South; and I
believe^it is as important to the cotton-growers as
it is to'the sugar-growers. I think that region of
country wants a diversity of labor; and if you
were to throw all the labor employed in the culti-
vation of sugar upon the cultivation of cotton, you
would break down the price of cotton and increase
the price of sugar to the consumers. That is
what I meant when I referred to the effect of the
duties as stimulating production—not that the
duty bad 110 influence on the price.
Now, the Senator from Mississippi says that,
if he could have bis way, he would put a duty on
tea and coffee Well, sir, if I could have mine,
I would not; I would keep it on sugar; but I do
not suppose we can either of us have our way ex-
actly; and it is, perhaps, fortunate for the coun-
try, and fortunate for us, that the question of pro-
tection, per se, has passed away. In obtaining
the revenue that is necessary for the Government
—provided its expenses keep anywhere within
hail of what they are now—there can be no diffi-
culty in extending incidental encouragement to
any department of the industry of the country, so
as to give it a fair opportunity for a competition
with the productions of countries where labor is
cheaper than it is here.
We are not going to get rid of these difficulties,
as my friend from Massachusetts supposes, by
abolishing custom-houses. Some people think
thatif we can get rid of theduty collected 011 sugar,
it is so much saved to the country. But they will
have to pay it in some other form; and if you get rid
of custom-house officers, you will have tax-gath-
erers more numerous than they are and more op-
pressive, and burdensome,and insolent. I do not
know of anything this Government could do so
detrimental to freedom as to provide gatherers of
direct taxes, going round into every man's house,
and levying upon his cow or his pig in order to get
his taxes. I will say nothing aoout the impossi-
bility of it with your sub-Treasury system. Un-
der that system it would be as impossible to pay
a year's taxes to this Government in many States
of the Union, as it would be to make anew world.
But, aside from all that, I come to the consid-
eration of the present amendment, and to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Mississippi, that he
wants to put tea and coffce, and articles not pro-
duced in the United States, on the dutiable list, and
divide the duties between them and the articles
produced in this country. Every one can readily
see what would be the effect of taxing tea and
coffee. Perhaps the value of the importation of
those articles amounted to as much as the value
of the sugar importation last year. Now, suppose
you took $0,000,000 off the duties on sugar and
put it on tea and coffee, your revenue would be the
same as it is now. That is a fair statement, I pre-
sume. I have not looked at the tables lately, but
formerly the proportion used to be about that.
Now, I ask the Senator if it would make a farth-
ing's difference to the consumers of sugar, tea,
and coffee, whether you levied $12,000,000 on
sugar, or $6,000,000 on sugar and S6>000,000 on
tea and coffee, as a matter of tax? Supposing
these to be as he says, articles of universal con-
sumption: every man can see that the amount of
taxes levied on the people of this count!y would
be pil,000,000 on these articles, whether you im-
pose a duty upon sugar alone or distribute it be-
tween sugar, tea, and coffee? Now, my propo-
sition is, that instead of laying that amount of
duty on tea and coffee which are not produced in
this country, and by no possibility can be pro-
duced here to any extent, we put it on sugar
which is (jroducedin thiscountry; and we thereby
benefit the producer of sugar without impov-
erishing or injuring a single individual 111 the
country. That is the distinction between a judi-
cious system of protection to our labor, and the
foolish theory of spreading the total amount of
revenue you want over all articles of consumption,
without reference to whether they are produced
in this country or not. I take it that the Senator
from .Mississippi comprehends the force of this
suggestion, and that he has public spirit and pa-
triotism enough to know that, whether the duty
be levied equally upon sugar, coffee, and tea, or
whether it be on sugar alone, the beverage will be
just as good when it comes to be mixed, and will
cost no more in one form than the other: and if
you can help the Louisiana planters to that ex-
tent, you do it without its costing anybody a
dollar.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Rhode Island
will allow me to interrupt him. I have so much
more confidence in his knowledge of finance than
I have 111 my own—for trade is a thing to which
I have never paid any attention—that i am ready
to admit that I know very little about finance, i
will say to him that the position which lie as-
sumes, or rather the inquiry which he makes of
me, belongs only to a case of universal consump-
tion, where the duty on one article of universal
consumption is taken away, and the duty of the
two thrown upon another article of universal con-
sumption.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand it so.
Mr. DAVIS. But I think, unless salt be an I
exception, there is no article of universal con-
sumption.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe there is no man,
who drinks tea and coffee, that does not sweeten
them.
Mr. DAVIS. Some persons do not. Some use
maple sugar, some use molasses, some people
drink coffee, and some drink tea; and when you
fall on articles which are of consumption in a
particular class, then I say the application of the
principle is more evident. As the Senator from
Massachusetts argues about luxuries being taxed,
they are taxed, of course, if you lay a duty on ev-
erything—the wealthy use the luxuries, and they
use the necessaries too.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will not take in the Senator
from Massachusetts. This matter is between the
Senator from Mississippi anjl myself.
Mr. DAVIS. I was onfy introducing it for
illustration, that if you take the taxes off luxuries,
and impose thom upon the necessities of life, then
there would be an inequality; but if everything
which is consumed is taxed, and taxed upon a
revenue standard, that, I think, is mote equal than
any distribution which can he made, though I con-
cede to the Senator that if he can find two arti-
cles of universal consumption, and if, instead of
putting half the amount of duty on each, you put .
the whole amount on one, the result will be the
same.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not choose to go about
the country seeking articles. I took the precise
articles indicated by the Senator himself. He said
he would tax tea and coffee, which are now free.
Mr. DAVIS. They are not of universal con-
sumption.
Mr. SIMMONS. They come as near to it as
sugar.
Mr. DAVIS. I would not say that sugar is of
universal consumption. All three of these articles
are of very general consumption, sugar more gen-
eral than the other two; but maple sugar is often
substituted for that 011 which duty is levied
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator comprehends
the position I have taken. I took the precise ar-
ticles which he said, according to las theory, he
would take from the free list—tea and coffee—and
levy a duty upon; and of course if he did so, he
would lessen the duty upon sugar, or he would
be enabled to do it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think it would be more just,
because it would be a distribution among all con-
sumers. Tea and coffee are not of universal con-
sumption. 3n some sections of the country the
people use a great deal of coffee and very little
tea; and in other sections, the reverse is the case.
Sugar is an article of more general consumption
than either of them, but by no means universal.
I do not think, therefore, the exchange can be
made upon the proposition which the Senator
makes.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not believe three arti-
cles could be selected in the whole class of im-
ports of the country of more general consumption
than sugar, tea, and coffee.
Mr. DAVIS. I think so.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the argument pinches, I
know we are about to run off a little. I am not
making these remarks for that purpose; but in
order to call the attention of the distinguished Sen-
ator from Mississippi and others to what I con-
sider to be the true principle. I am not to be got
off from the argument by any compliments to my
knowledge of finance and revenue.
Mr. DAVIS. What I said on that point was
not intended in a complimentary sense, but as due
in justice to the Senator.
Mr. SIM MONS. I say that any man who will
view the subject deliberately, calmly, and candid-
ly, will come to the conclusion that it is right to
discriminate in this very particular, and that you
discriminate for the benefit of your own country,
and to the injury of no living man in it, no matter
where the laborer, the producer is. That is my
ground as a statesman. A man in the remotest
comer of this country, whether he produces, or
ever expects to produce, a dollar's worth in his
life, is just as much bound to yield an incidental
protection of this kind to the laborers of every
other section as if he were a producer himself.
That is the ground I go upon, and I claim it in
return. I have a right to claim it, as an American
Senator and an American citizen.
The clamor that is raised throughout thiscoun-
