1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lis
abuses under it will become so great that you will
have to adopt a provision like that which I sug-
gest, to put a check on fraudulent returns which
may be made in order to get $2,000 at the com-
mencement of a session. Such things have oc-
curred in this country, and I am sorry to say that
I think there is a strong tendency to increase in
matters of that kind. At all events, the legisla-
tion of Congress ought to hold out no inducement
to them.
Mr. POSTER. If this -were a bill to provide
for the payment of any other class of public ser-
vants than members of Congress, I should be
quite willing to sit here and hear it discussed as
long as gentlemen were disposed to discuss it, and
to vote, I hope, on the liberal side of thequestion;
but as it concerns ourselves only, and as it seems
to me we are suffering more than we are gaining,
X move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays on
his amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. BR(j WN. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, because I think it is improper to this bill,
for the reason I assigned before. This bill only
proposes to pay now, what every member as a
matter of course could draw at the close of the
session. I recognize the principle embodied in the
amendment as a proper subject for legislation.
At a proper time and place I shall vote for it, but
I shall not vote for it here.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Under the circumstances
which have transpired in the Senate, I shall feel
constrained to vote against the amendment; but
I do so with the confident expectation that a bill
will be presented by which the law in relation to
the compensation of members will be perfected.
I know of 110 case now pending, to which this par-
ticular amendment might apply; of course, when
a bill is presented and perfected, it can apply to
any case which may arise hereafter.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Clay, Davis, Fes-
senden, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Harlan, Pearce, Polk, Seward,
Trumbull, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Biggs, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Dixon, Doolittle, Duikee, Foot, Green, Hale, Houston,
Hunter, Iverson, Kennedy, King, Mason, Pugh, Eeid, Se-
bastian, Simmons, Slideli, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey,
and Wright—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I have another amendment
to offer:
Jl-ad be it further resolved, That where a Senator who
has attended a special session of the Senate convened by
the President dunng the recess of Congtess, shall die be-
fore the commencement of the next tegular session, his
representatives shall be entitled to receive the compensa-
tion which may have accrued from the end of the last pre-
ceding session of Congress to the time of his death; and if
such Senator so dying shall not have been a member of
either House of Confess at such preceding session, Ins
representatives shall also be entitled to receive the mile-
age to which he would have been entitled if he had at-
tended the next succeeding regular session; and the provis-
ions of this scction shall be extended so as to embrace the
repiesentatives of those Senators who attended the last
special session of the Senate convened by the President,
who have sine© died before the commencement of this
cession.
The object of this amendment is to remedy a
clear and decided defect in the presentlaw which
affects its justice. I am perfectly aware the ob-
jection will be made that this is not the time and
place to do it, and that it will be done hereafter.
If there is no time to do it on this proposition,
where is the necessity of the passage of this res-
olution now. What wonderful necessity is there?
We shall get our pay. Why is it rushed now,
as it was on Saturday, and pressed so eagerly?
What object is there of national moment, of na-
tional importance, or any real interest, whether
we are to pass this resolution now, or pass it ten
days or two weeks hence ? If a resolution comes
from the House of Representatives, in reference
to abill that contains manifesterror, and manifest
injustice to others, ought we not to amend it?
Why wait, in order to have some other bill gotten
up for this purpose ? Is not the exigency of jus-
tice as great as the exigency of hastening time,
where money is to be put into our own pock-
ets?
This amendment has a double aspect. First,
it provides for what is defective in the bill. A
Senator elect of the United States, attending at the
special session in his seat, and dying before the
first Monday of December following, is entitled
to nothing under the law, as it nowstands. That
certainly is wrong—wrong on every principle.
All the amendment provides is, that when he so
dies, his representatives shall be entitled to the
pay up to the period of his death.
The amendment then goes onto remedy another
defect in the law. There is no mileage allowed,
except at the regular session; but if at a called
session, where it is the duty of a Senator elect to
attend, he being not a member of either House,
he must necessarily travel to come here; and if
he travels and comes here, he not only gets no
pay under the existing law, but he gets no mile-
age; and if he dies before the next session, his
representatives can claim no mileage. That is
neither just nor right. The truth is, the bill was
framed in a hurry, and passed amidst the confu-
sion and excitement of appropriation bills. Its
general object is good enough, but it is very de-
fective in many of its provisions.
Many other amendments might well be offered
to the original law, but I have forborne to press
or offer any of them, though I know of several
that might well be offered. I have only offered
those which I thought justice to others (and in
which I have no possible interest myself) de-
manded should be passed. I think this is one
imperatively calling on the Senate and House of
Representatives for its passage. It goes a step
further to provide that, as to three of our deceased
colleagues, who died much to the misfortune of
the country and to the regret of the Senate, since
the last regular session, they should be entitled
to their compensation up to the time of their death,
because, by the terms of this law, their represent-
atives would not be entitled to anything, though
they were all here in attendance with us, and per-
formed their duties at the special session.
Mr. HALE. I stand m the relation of a col-
league to one of those deceased members, and one
of the last things 011 earth I would be guilty of,
would be withholding from the family of my de-
ceased colleague anything to which he might be
legally, equitably, or honorably entitled; butl am
free to confess that I do not look on tins resolu-
tion as the place for that sort of legislation. I am
not entirely certain that it is required. Indeed, I
have the opinion of gentlemen as well conversant
with the construction of these laws as anybody,
that this money can now be paid to the represent-
atives of those deceased Senators, without any
additional legislation. But, whether necessary or
not, I do not think this is the place for it. I be-
lieve a great many amendments oughtto be made
to that law; but as this is a mere resolution fix-
ing and altering the time of payment, 1 do not
think this is the place for them. I have simply
made these very few remarks to relieve my col-
league and myself, who, I think, concurs with me
in the propriety of the vote I shall give, from the
i imputation or suspicion of withholding justice
from the family of his deceased predecessor.
Mr. CLARlt, Mr. President, my predecessor,
Mr. Bell, died on the 26th day of May. I was
elected to fill his place in the following June. 1
do not propose, nor do I understand that I shall
be entitled to take pay for any time before I was
elected. I propose to leave what he would be
entitled to where it is now. Any future law may
dispose of it as Congress thinks fit. I do not
understand that that would make any difference
in regard to this resolution.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 now move the amend-
ment I suggested ill the seventeenth line, to strike
out the words " or any subsequent," and insert
" regular," so that the clause will read, " and on
the first day of the second regular session he shall
receive his mileage as now allowed by law."
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
shall the joint resolution be read a third time?
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
Mr. MASON. I hope the yeas and nays will
be granted.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Biggs, lirodenck, Brown, Chand-
ler, Clark, Doolittle, Durkee, Pitch, Foot, Green, Hale,
Hatlan, Houston, Hunter,Iverson. Kennedy, KingjM&^on,
Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Simmons, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jersey, and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Clay, Davis, Dixon,
Fessenden, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Eeid, Seward, Slideli,
Trumbull, and Wilson—13.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time. It was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. BIGGS, the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 21, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. P. D. Gurley.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
CLERICAL INVESTIGATION.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Maynard,
Davis of Indiana, Ricacd, Corey, and Horton,
as the committee, authorized on Friday last, to
investigate into the accounts and conduct of Hon.
William Cullom, late Clerk of ths House.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of resuming the con-
sideration of the Treasury note bill. Mr. J. also
moved the usual resolution for closing debate in
Committee of the Whole in one hour after it shall
again resume the consideration of said bill, and
demanded the previous question upon the latter
motion.
Mr. GROW. What is the regular order of
business ?
The SPEAKER. The call of States for res-
olutions.
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Both motions of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Glancy Jones]
are in order.
Mr. GROW. Do they take precedence of the
regular order of business ?
The SPEAKER. They are privileged motions,
and will take precedence.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. As it seems to be
the wish of gentlemen around me, I will fix the
•time for closing debate two hours after its con-
sideration shall be resumed, instead of one. I
demand the previous question upon the motion.
The house divided upon seconding the demand
for the previous question, and there were—ayes
89, noes 72.
Mr. BILLINGHURST demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. Billing-
HuRbT and Hawkins were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes 83.
So the previous question was not seconded.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE STATE OF MAINE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to present joint res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Maine,
that they may be laid upon the table, and printed.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon agree-
ing to the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask my colleague to with-
] draw his motion a moment, to allow me to mtro-
j duceabillof which previous notice has beengtven.
! Mr. J. GLANCY JONES declined to witii-
! draw.
\ Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I trust there
I will be no objection to my presenting the joint
; resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
1 Maine.
! No objection being made, the joint resolutions
; of the Legislature of Maine, in relation to indem-
j nity for French spoliations, were presented, laid
i upon the table, and ordered to be printed,
j Mr. FLORENCE. I now ask unanimous con-
i sent to introduce a bill of which previous notice
has been given.
I Mr. PHELPS. I object to anything but the
I regular order of business.
i "Mr. FLORENCE. Is it not a privileged mo-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly not.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will say to the gentleman
from Missouri that it will take but a moment.
Mr. PHELPS, Iinsistupon the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made. The
■question is upon the motion that the debate on the
Treasury note bill in the Committee of the Whole
