1858.]
APPENDIX TO THfe CON6Rffi5SIt>I*AL' 6LOBE.
m
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecomp'toTi Constitution—Mr. Witsi
•on.
Senate'.
that there are portions of the American continent,
provinces in Mexico or Central America, where,
ultimately, that slave population which presses
hard upon the poor whites of the South may find
free homes under the protection of the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. President, the Senator from South Carolina
tells us that " all the powers of the world cannot
abolish" " the .thing" he calls slavery. "God
only can do it when he repeals the fiat' the poor
ye have always with you;'" "for the man who
lives by daily labor, and " your whole class of
hireling manual laborers and operatives, are es-
sentially slaves !" " Our slaves are black; happy,
content,unaspiring;" " yours are white, and they
feel galled by their degradation." " Our slaves
do not vote; yours do vote, and, being the major-
ity, they are the depositaries of all your political
power; and if they knew the tremendous secret,
that the ballot-box is stronger than an army with
Banners, and could corrbine, your society would
be reconstructed, your government overthrown,
and your property divided."
" The poor ye have always with you!" This
flat of Almighty God, which Christian men of all
ages and lands have accepted as the imperative
injunction of the common Father of all, to care
for the children of misfortune and sorrow, the
Senator from South Carolina accepts as the foun-
dation-stone, the eternal law, of slavery, which
"all the powers of the earth cannot abolish."
These precious words of our Heavenly Father,
"the poor ye have always with you, "are perpetu-
ally sounding in the ears of mankind, ever remind-
ing tlicm of their dependence and their duties.
These words appeal alike to the conscience and
the heart of mankind. To men blessed in their
basket and their store, they say, " property has its
duties well as its rights!" To men clothed with
authority to shape the policy or to administer the
laws of the State, they say, "lighten, by wise,
humane, and equal laws, the burdens of the toil-
ing and dependent children of men!" To men of
every age and every clime they appeal, by the Di-
vine promise that" he thatgiveth to the poorlend-
eth to the Lord !" Sir, I thank God that I live,in
aCommonwealth which sees no warrant in these
words of inspiration to oppress the sons and
daughters of toil and poverty. Over the poor and
lowly she easts the broad shield of equal, just,
and humane legislation. The poorest man that
treads her soil, no matter what blood may run in
■ills veins, is protected in his rights and incited to
labor by no other force than the assurance that
the fruits of his toil belong to himself, to the wife
of his bosom, and the children of his love.
The Senator from South Carolina exclaims,
" The man who lives by daily labor, your whole
class of manual laborers, are essentially slaves"
—"they feel galled by their degradation !" What
a sentiment is this to hear uttered in the councils
of this democratic Republic! The Senator's po-
litical associates who listen to these words which
brand hundreds of thousands of tho men they
represent in the free States, and hundreds of their
neighbors and personal friends as " slaves,"have
found no words to repel or rebuke this language.
This language of scorn and contempt is addressed
to Senators who were not nursed by a slave;
whose lot it was to toil with their own hands—
to eat bread earned, not by the sweat of another's
brow, but by their own. Sir, I am the son of a
" hireling manual laborer" who, with the frosts
of seventy winters on his brow, " lives by daily
labor." 1, too, have " lived by daily labor." I,
too, have been a " hireling manual laborer." Pov-
erty cast its dark and chilling shadow over the
home of my childhood, and want was there some-
times—an unbidden guest. At the age of ten
years—to aid him who gave me being in keeping
the gaunt specter from the hearth of the mother
who bore me—I left the home of my boyhood,
and went to earn my bread by "daily labor." '
Many a weary mile have I traveled
" To beg a brother of the earth
To give me leave to toil."
Sir, I have toiled as a " hireling manual labor-
er" in the field and in the work-shop; and I tell
the Senator from South Carolina that I never "felt
galled by my degradation." No, sir—never !
Perhaps the Senator who represents that " other
class which leads progress, civilization, and re-
finement," will ascribe this to obtuseness of intel-
lect and blunted sensibilities of the heart. Sir, I
was conscious of my manhood; I was the peer of
my employer; I knew that the law's and institu-
tions of my native and adopted States threw over
him and over me alike the panoply of equality; I
knew, too, that the world was before me, thatits
wealth, its garnered treasures of knowledge, its
honors, the coveted prizes of life, were within the
grasp of a brave heart and a tireless hand, and I
accepted the responsibilities of my position all un-
conscious that I was a " slave." I have employed
others, hundreds of" hireling manual laborers."
Some of them then possessed, and now possess,
more property than I ever owned; some of them
were better educated than myself—yes, sir, better
educated, and better read, too, than some Sen-
ators on this floor; and many of them, in moral
excellence and purity of character, I could not but
feel, were my superiors. I have occupied, Mr.
President, for more than thirty years, the relation
of employer and employed; and while I never felt
" galled by my degradation" in the one case, in
the other I was never conscious that my " hire-
ling laborers" were my inferiors. That man is
a " snob" who boasts of being a " hireling labor-
er," or who is ashamed of being a " hireling la-
borer;" that man is a " Snob" who feels any in-
feriority to any man because he is a " hireling
laborer," or who assumes any superiority over
others because he is an employer. Honest labor
is honorable; and the man who is ashamed that
he is or was a " hireling laborer" has not man-
hood enough to " feel galled by hisdegiadation "
Having occupied, Mr. President, the relation
of either employed or employer for the third of a
century; havinglived in a Commonwealth where
tho " hireling class ofmannal laborers" are " the
depositaries of political power;" having associ-
ated with this class in all the relations of life; I
tell the Senator from South Carolina,and the class
he represents, that he libels, grossly libels them,
when he declares that they are " essentially
slaves!" There can be found nowhere in Amer-
ica a class of men more proudly conscious or te-
nacious of their rights. Friends and foes have
ever found them
" A stubborn race, fearing and flattering none."
But the Senator from South Carolina tells us
that if the hireling laborers knew the " tremend-
ous secret" of the ballot-box, our " society would
be reconstructed, our Government overthrown,
and our property divided." Does not the Sena-
tor know that an immense majority of the " hire-
ling class of manual laborers" of Now England
possess property ? Does he not know that the
man who has accumulated a few hundreds of dol-
lars by his own toil, by the savings of years,
who has a family growing up around him upon
which his hopes are centered, is a conservative ?
Does not the Senator know that he watches tho
appropriation bills in the meetings of those little
democracies—the towns—-as narrowly as the Rep-
resentative from Tennessee, in the other liouse,
[Geokge W, Jones,] watches the money bills on
tlie Private Calendar ? I live, Mr. President, in a
small town of five thousand inhabitants. Nearly
half of the population are employed as operatives
and mechanics for tho manufacture of shoes for
the western and southern markets. In 1840 we.
had thirteen hundred inhabitants, and the prop-
erty valuation was about three hundred thousand
dollars. Last May we had fourteen hundred
names on our poll-list, two thirds of them " hire-
ling mechanics, "and a property valuation of over
two millions of dollars. Those " hireling labor-
ers," 011 town-meeting days, make the appropri-
ations forschools,forroads,and for all other pur-
poses. Do they not know " the tremendous secret
of the ballot-box r" Have they proposed to divide
the property they themselves created ? No, sir;
no! but I will tell the Senator what they have !
done. Since 1850, they have built seven new 1
school-houses, with all the modern improvements, \
and at an expense of about forty thousand dollars, \
one house costing more than fourteen thousand; j
they have established a high school, where the I
most advanced scholars of the common schools j
are fitted for admission to the colleges, or for the !
professions, the business, and the duties of life;
they have established a town library, freely acces- I
sible to all the inhabitants, containing the choicest 1
\frorks of authors of the Old World and the New/
ofancient and modern times. The poorest " hire-
ling manual laborer," without cost, can take from
that library to his home the wprks of the master,
minds, and hold communion with
The dead But seeptered sovereigns who rule . -
Our spirits from their urns."
The Senator tells us, Mr. President, that their
slaves are " well compensated !" South Carolina
slaves " well compensated!" Why,sir, the Sen--
ator himself, in a speech made at home, for home
consumption, entered into an estimate to show
that a field hand could be supported for from
" eighteen to nineteen dollars perannum"ion the
rice and cotton plantations. He states the quan-
tity of corn and bacon and salt necessary to sup-
port the "well compensated" slave. And this
man, supported by eighteen dollars per annum,
with the privilege of being flogged at discretion",
and having his wife and children sold from him
at the necessity or will of his master, the Senator
from South Carolina informs the Senate of the
UnitedStates,is" well compensated!" Sir, there
is not a poor-house in the free States where there
would not be a rebellion in three daysjif the in-
mates were compelled to subsist on the quantity
and quality of the food the Senator estiftiates as
ample " compensation" for the labor of a slave
in South Carolina.
Turning from his " well compensated" slaves,
the Senator tells us that our " hireling laborers,"
our "mud-sills," are scantily "compensated."
Mr. Clincman, of North Carolina, in urging the
establishmentofcotton manufactories in the South,
says the wages of labor at the North are one hun-
dred per cent, higher than wages in the same pur-
suits in the South. The wages of labor in iron
nulls in South Carolina were thirteen dollars per
month ,m 1850; m Massachusetts they were thirty.
Sir, these hands of mine have earned, month after
month, two dollars per day, in manual labor; and
I have paid that sum to "hireling manual labor-
ers," month after month and year after year.
Financial and commercial revulsions sometimes
come upon us, and press heavily upon all branches
of the mechanic arts and manufactures; but labor
isgenerallywellemploycdand well paid. Atany
rate, the laboring men of the free States have
open to their industry all the avenues of agri-
culture, commerce, manufactures, and the multi-
farious mechanic arts, where skilled labor is de-
manded, and where they do not have to maintain,
as the Senator in his address before the Institute
of his own State tells us the white men of South
Carolina have to maintain, " a feeble and ruinous
competition with the labor of slaves."
Borrowing, Mr. President, an idea, found in a
speech made in the other House by Mr. Pickens,
of his own State, more than twenty years ago, in
which he threatened to preach insurrection to
northern laborers, the Senator asks, " how we
would likeforthem to send lecturers and agitators
to teach our hireling laborers" the " tremendous
secret of the power of the ballot-box," and " to aid
in combining and to lead them ?" Sir, I tell the
Senator we would welcome him, his lecturers and
agitators; we would bid them welcome to our
hearth-stone sand our altars. Ours are the institu-
tions of freedom; and they flourish best in the
storms and agitations of inquiry and free discus-
sion . We are conscious that our social and politi-
cal institutions have not attained perfection, and
we invoke the examination and the criticism of the
genius and learning of all Christendom. Should
the Senator and his agitators and lecturers come to
Massachusetts on a mission to teachour " hireling
class of manual laborers," our " mud-sill3," our
" slaves," the " tremendous secret of the ballot-
box,"and to heIp"combineand lead them," these
stigmatized "hirelings" would reply to the Sen-
ator and his associates, " We are freemen; we are
the peers of the gifted and the wealthy; we know
the ' tremendous secret of the ballot-box;' and we
mold and fashion these institutions that bless
and adorn our proud and free Commonwealth!
These public schools are ours, for the education
of our children; these libraries, with their ac-
cumulated treasures, are ours; these multitudi-
nous and varied pursuits of life, where intelligence
and skill find their reward, are ours. Labor is
here honored and respected, and gieat examples
incite us to action. All around us in the profes-
