1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
must swear fealty to an instrument which declares
the right of a slaveholder to be inviolable, and the
institution of slavery to be before and higher than
any constitutional sanction. All this must he do,
in defiance of his own conscientious convictions
of right, or stand back from the ballot-box. There
was no freedom of suffrage there, except for such
men as were willing to pledge themselves by an
oath that they would maintain, uphold, and de-
fend a system that is founded on piracy and main-
tained by force. Sir, the free State men of Kan-
sas were disfranchised by this test; they could
not vote under it, and they did not.
But we are not left in the dark as to the will of
the people of Kansas in reference to this question.
An election was held on the 4th of January, by
authority of the Territorial Legislature and its
Governor, for the purpose of ascertaining the sen-
timent of its citizens. Its result has been an-
nounced over the hand of the Governor. It shows
a majority of ten thousand votes against this Le-
eompton constitution. It was an indication of
public sentiment, clear, distinct, and decisive—one
that no man can deny or evade. It stamps the
seal of popular condemnation on this document.
It brands it as a swindle that has escaped from the
Territory to deceive with lying pretenses, and
counterfeit with brazen arrogance.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I ask, are members
of the American Congress ready to become actors
and participants in this scheme? Are they,in the
noonday of the nineteenth century, and with the
flag of the free floating above their heads, willing
to commit this great crime against justice ana
right? Are they, with the impulses of manhood
in their hearts and the obligations of oflicial duty
upon their consciences, ready to become parties
to this trickery and fraud ? Will they force upon
an unwilling, a protesting people, a constitution
that is rank with usurpation and rotten with the
leprosy of falsehood and fraud? I will not yet
believe that an American Congress will lend itself
to such despotism, or stoop to such degradation.
I now reach the last point of inquiry: is this
Lecompton constitution republican in its provis-
ions? Let me read one of them. The first sec-
tion of the seventh article declares:
" The right of property io before and higher than any con-
stitutional hanction ; and the right of the owner of a slave to
such slave and its increase is the same, and as inviolable, as
the right of the owner of any property whatever."
Now, I assert that a constitution indorsing and
avowing such a principle is not a republican con-
stitution, m any true signification of the word. I
deny that the institution of slavery is founded on
natural right,or that it has a sanction before and
above any constitutional law. It is a monstrous
doctrine, contravening every fundamental prin-
ciple of our Government, and falsifying the testi-
mony of the living and the dead.
W ashington, when he took his farewell of earth,
left his recorded opinion of slavery as a moral and
political wrong. J efferson denounced "the whole
commerce between master and slave" as "a con-
tinual exercise of the most unremitting despotism
on the one part, and degrading submission on the
other;" and asked, emphatically—
" With vHiat execration should the statesman be loaded,
who, permitting one half of the citizens thus to trample on
the nglus of the other, tian&fonns tho.se into despots and
these mto enemies, destroys the morals of the one part and
the amor pairirz of the other! Can the liberties of a nation
be thought secure, when we have removed their only Jinn
bd-«!>, a conviction, in the minds of the people, that these
liberties aie the gift of God ? that they are not violated but
by His wrath ? Indeed, I tremble for my country when i
reflect that God is just, and His justice cannot sleep for-
ever."
And even southern courts stamp this doctrine
of the Lccompton constitution as false; they de-
clare that slavery is an unnatural right, existing
only by virtue of local laws. It was decided, in
the State of Mississippi, (see Walker's Reports,
86,) that—
"The light of the master exists not by force of the law of
nature or of nations, but by virtue only of the positive law
of the Siate."
In the same State, the court Bay, (Walker's
Reports, 42:)
{£ Shivei'V is condemned by reason and the laws of nature.
It exists and can only exist through municipal regulation."
A Kentucky court, in the case of Rankin bs.
Lyriia, (2 Marshall's Reports,) declare that sla-
very is
*• A light existing by positive law. of a municipal cbarac-
tni, nit ft out- foundation in the law of nature or the unwrit-
ten and common law."
I place by the side of this Lecompton' instru-
ment the Constitution of our fathers—a Consti-
tution that comes down to us as a sacred legacy
from the sages of the Revolution. The men who
framed it avowed it to be their object to establish
justice and secure the blessings of liberty to them-
selves and their posterity. That Constitution you
and I have sworn to support. It is a standard by
which we can determine the political doctrines
of a better day; and when we contrast them with
those of the present, we have startling evidence
of our downward progress. It is a significant fact
that the framers of the Federal Constitution ex-
cluded even words that would imply an idea of
property in man; while this Lecompton contriv-
ance indorses property in man as founded on good
policy and natural right!
Sir, I will never recognize the doctrine that this
Lecompton constitution teaches, or the principles
that it avows. If it had received the sanction of
every citizen of the Territory of Kansas, it would
make no difference with my vote; for a constitu-
tion which places slavery over and above law,
is a constitution which no community or people
have a right to make; and, standing here by vir-
tue of the suffrages of seventeen thousand free-
men, and in their name, I declare that I will never,
by my vote, recognize any extension of slavery
outside of the limits where State sovereignty now
protects it. The motto of my people is," No more
slave States.'' Their position is unequivocally on
the side of free labor and free institutions. They
protest against the extension, by the influence of
this Government, of a system which inevitably
degrades the white laborer, and which gives to the
owner of five slaves political power equal to that
of four of our own free electors. So far as that
unfair advantage exists under the compromises of
the Federal Constitution, they yield to it; but they
go not an inch beyond. They yield to no men in
loyalty to the Union and allegiance to the Consti-
tution, which is our common bond; but they in-
sist that the power of that Union shall not be pros-
tituted in behalf of an unhallowed system that is
at war with the teachings of patriotism and the
lessons of humanity—a system that contains the
elements of weakness and the seeds of disunion.
They protest against a perversion of the plain prin-
ciples of the Constitution to shield a great social
and political evil—an evil that is fatal to economy,
industry, and liberty. They deny the new inter-
pretations which the necessities of slavery place
upon our organic law, and the false theories that
they ingraft upon our judicial decisions. They
abide by the precedents of the past and the faith
of their fathers. They are not yet prepared to
believe that civilization and freedom are failures,
and only slavery and oppression possible upon the
earth; but they do know that but one hope re-
mains, one remedy is left, and that is the remedy
of the ballot—wresting power from the hands of
the slave Democracy, and vesting it with those
whose political creed is founded on the eternal
principles of humanity and justice.
You may talk to these men about secession,
disunion, and dissolution. If you use such lan-
guage for purposes of intimidation, then their
answeris the laugh of scorn. Your threats of a di-
vided Confederacy pass by them like the idle wind.
They realize that this Union is worth much more
to you than it is to them; and that it is worth
too much to every section, it is too dear to every
interest, to suffer any damage when it is adminis-
tered m accordance with the high purposes of its
founders. They realize that the strength and
perpetuity of this Union rest in a faithful adher-
ence to the eternal principles of liberty, justice,
and right, on which it is founded. They know
that it is only weakened and endangered by a de-
parture from those principles; and that when, in
the service of oppression, it becomes powerless
for good and only efficient for evil, then it is a
Union no longer worth preserving. They there-
fore best evince their devotion to the Federal
Union by a cordial support of the principles which
constitute its glory and its strength, and by hos-
tility to an institution which is its weakness and
its shame.
But before I pass by the consideration of this
constitution, let me call the attention of gentle-
men to the section providing for its amendment.
It reads as follows:
"Sec. 14. After the year 1864, whenever the Legislature
shall tlriuk it necessary to amend, alter, or change tills con-
stitution, they shall recommend to the electors at the next
general election, two-thirds of the members of each House
concurring, to vote for or against calling a convention ; and
if it shall.appear that a majority of all citizens of the State
have voted for a convention, the Legislature shall, at its
next regular session, call a convention, to consist of as many
members as there may be in the House of Representatives
at the time, to be chosen in the same manner, at the same
places, and by the same electors that choose the Represent-
atives; said delegates so elected shall meet within three
months after said election, for the purpose of revising,
amending, or changing the constitution; but no alteration
shall be- made to affect the rights of property in the ownership
of slaves
This section makes slavery perpetual in that
Territory. It coils fetters about the people, and
then ties up their hands so that they cannot re-
move them. The edict establishing and protecting
slavery is like the laws of the Medes and Persians
—irrepealable. The institution of slavery is so
dear, so sacred to the men who compose this con-
vention, that they place it above and beyond all
law; and also beyond the sovereignty of the future
State. This section denies any amendment until
1864, by which time it is expected that the " pe-
culiar institution," under the kind care of your
Army, your Supreme Court, and your Executive,
willhave taken deep rootand firm position. Then
it is necessary to secure a two thirds vote in both
branches of the Legislature in order to call a con-
vention; and these conspirators have carefully
guarded against that by giving the pro-slavery
counties representation in both Houses, founded
on fraudulent returns; and then, to guard against
all and any contingencies, they demand that the
citizen shall swear allegiance to this constitution,
which declares plainly and distinctly that " no al-
teration shall be made to affect the rights of prop-
erty in the ownership of slaves." There is there-
fore no mode under this constitution by which the
citizens of that Territory can free themselves from
this evil.
I know that it is claimed by some gentlemen,
that notwithstanding this provision of the con-
stitution, the people of the future State will have
the power to amend it as they deem best. I shall
not argue that question now. Whether they have
it or not, is immaterial, for we all well know how
an attempt to exercise that power will be met.
Suppose that this constitution is forced upon that
Territory, and after it becomes a sovereign State,
its people amend it in another mode than that
which the constitution itself points out, and in so
doing, abolish the institution of slavery ? Why,
sir, the slaveholder will go to the Supreme Court
of the United States and cite the clauses of this
constitution; and no man can doubt what the de-
cision of that court will be, when the slaveholder
goes to it for protection; and that that decision
will be maintained as against this alleged right of
a people to amend its constitution, in violation of
its provisions.
Mr. Chairman, this Lecompton constitution is
not an isolated wrong; it is not the first aggression
on popular rights in Kansas; but it is the neces-
sary result, the fitting sequel, to a series of vil-
lainies and wrongs.
For four years past the Democratic rulers and
the Democratic party, have been engaged in an
effort to extend the institution of slavery into the
Territory of Kansas. The effort has been unceas-
ing, untiring, and unscrupulous; and the means
used have been, in every respect, worthy of the
end to be accomplished. First, the Missouri com-
promise was repealed—repealed by the aid of
Executive influence and by the force of party drill,
because it stood in the way of the extension of
slavery. Then a section of territory, that did not
contain one hundred American citizens, was di-
vided into two territorial organizations, at an an-
nual expense to the Government of §100,000, so
that the southern subdivision might, from its lo-
cation and climate, be better adapted to the insti-
tution it was sought to introduce; then territorial
officers were selected, who were supposed to be
orthodox on the subject of African slavery, and
willing to use their official position in its behalf;
and when they shrank back from deeds of fraud,
and injustice, and outrage, they were replaced by
men who acknowledged less allegiance to con-
science, and more loyalty to party; then armed
bands from the southern States invaded that Ter-
ritory, nullifying the will of its citizens, and elect-
ing a Legislature of usurpers as appropriate in-
struments to forward the unhallowed work.
But it is needless to recur to that catalogue of
wrongs as evidence of a long-3ettled purpose. No
