1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man can now dispute it. It was the design of the
mien who devised and engineered the repeal of the
Missouri compromise to make Kansas a slave
State. It was cloaked over at first in order to
stifle the sensibilities of the northern conscience,
and beguile northern Democrats out of their votes.
When the party was halting and hesitating about
indorsing the Nebraska bill, General Cass as-
sured it that the South never could derive any
benefit from the measure, for no human power
could ever establish slavery in the regions defined
by that bill. These were his very words; but
now when the Democratic party is brought to
the sticking point, the mask is thrown off and he
stands as the very Premier of an Administration
glorying in the avowal " that Kansas is as much
a slave State as Georgia or Alabama.''
Sir, I am not surprised that a portion of the
Democracy finally recoil from the work of usurp-
ation, to which they have so long been parties
by their votes. I only wonder that they have so
long allowed themselves to be instruments in the
hands of the slave power to strike down the cher-
ished interests of freedom. I only wonder that
their indignation has so long slumbered, whilst
these fetters have been forging for their fellow-
citizens in that Territory, and I now regret that
they content themselves with so tame and so lim-
ited a measure of remonstrance. I regret that they
confine themselves to a denunciation of this last
outrage, when every argument that they use and
every word that they employ apply with equal
force to the long chain of usurpations that stain
the pages of our history.
The fraud and outrage involved in the forma-
tion of the Lecompton constitution is not more
odious and sickening than the violption of public
faith and honor involved in the destruction of a
sacred compact. There has been no enormity
perpetrated at the recent elections in that Terri-
tory, which had not its model and pattern in the
first elections under the Nebraska act. The gov-
ernment of that Territory, from its first inception,
has been a despotism, created by armed invasions,
and maintained only by Federal bayonets. The
Legislature of that Territory has been maintained
in power by the same military authority that
interfered to protect this Lecompton convention
from the indignation of the people it assumed to
represent. The laws of thatTerritory have, from
the first, been enforced, at the risk of violence and
bloodshed, upon an unwilling people. The officers
ofthat Territory, from the day of its organization,
have been men selected with reference to their
ability and disposition to do the bidding of the
slave power—men whom the people of that land
never selected—and their task has been to enforce
laws which the people never made. The man
who presented himself to the appointing power
with the blood of a free-State man upon his hands,
was the man favored as the recipient of executive
patronage; and when an official has manifested a
disposition to do half-way justice to the people
—when he has for a moment recoiled in disgust
from the work of usurpation—he has been be-
headed by the executioner at the White House.
The elections that immediately preceded and fol-
lowed this Lecompton convention have been just
as fair, just as honest, just as legitimate, as those
which elected Territorial Legislatures and con-
gressional Delegates. All of them have been alike
outrages on the right of the elector. All of them
have been carried by fraud in voting or in count-
ing, except the election of last October, and then
the usual frauds were perpetrated, but they failed
of their object through the interference of Gov-
ernor Walker and Secretary Stanton; and that
interference lost them favor with the Adminis-
tration, and finally cost them their official posi-
tions.
Mr. Chairman, it may be that this Lccompton
constitution is to be forced through Congress by
the strength of party drill and executive influence.
I fear that result; and, in anticipation of it, the
Administration is asking an increase of Federal
troops to enforce it upon the protesting people of
the Territory. Iam aware that they do not openly
avow this object; and yet they but half conceal
it. They talk about Mormon rebellions and In-
dian disturbances, while at the same time they
retain three thousand, men in the Territory of
Kansas to protect usurpers in their wrong, and
deprive freemen of their rights. The resources
which the Administration has at its command
are abundant for present emergencies, if it will
use them; and I vote not another man noranother
musket to be placed at its disposal.
This great wrong, Mr. Chairman, may be con-
summated; but, if it is, then I rejoice that there
is in this land a power higher than Presidents,
and greater than Congresses—the power of the
sovereign people—constituting a tribunal of last
resort, to which the friends of freedom will take
an appeal with a consciousness of power and
strength that a righteous cause always gives to
its advocates.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man—I trust he will permit me to call him my
friend—from Tennessee [Mr.MiYNARD] has made
a most solemn appeal to me, in consideration of
some remarks which fell from me on a former oc-
casion. Of his perfect sincerity I have no doubt;
and I presume that he will do me the honor to
say that he has as little doubt of my own integ-
rity of purpose. That gentleman and myself,
from the professions we make to the world, rec-
ognize mankind as responsible, in the broadest
sense, as eternally existent intelligences, who are
destined to a glorious future. We recognize that
he and myself, at a future day, will meet face to
face, before the bar of retributive justice, with the
most abject slave that treads the earth. It is to
such men I reply, and not to those who deny those
great and, to the gentleman and myself, import-
ant and undying principles.
Sir, show me any being made in the form of the
Creator, and I will show you a brother, no matter
what maybe his position, how degraded, how
trampled on. If he bears the impress of immor-
tality upon his countenance I recognize in him one
who will stand with me, my equal, at the last day.
True, my first duty is to my wife and children;
next to those around me; then to the State and
nation; and then to mankind in its broadest and
most comprehensive sense, no matter whether
they toil under an African sun, or upon the plains
of India; whether in freedom, or oppressed by
slavery. I see in man, wherever he may be, the
handiwork of God; and I see in him a being des-
tined to immortality. It was this great principle
that prompted those mighty men, J. Q.. Adams,
J. A. Bayard, Henry Clay, Jonathan Russell,
and Albert Gallatin, to enter into a solemn com-
Eact and declaration of sentiment with Lord Gam-
ier, Henry Goulburn, and William Adams,com-
missioners on the part of Great Britain, which I
will read:
" Art. 10. Whereas, the traffic in sl;:ve^ is irrcconcilablu
with liie principles of humanity and justice, and whereas,
both Ins Majesty and the United States are desn onset con-
tinuing tlieir efforts to promote Us entire abolition, it is
hereby asreod that both the contracting parties shall use
their best endeavors to accomplish so deniable an object."
Mr. Chairman, clothed with the opinions of
those illustrious names, Great Britain and the
United States stand committed to the civilized
world to use their whole influence to put down-
not the African slave trade merely—but the traffic
in slaves on our own shores, and among the Brit-
ish West India islands. And, sir, as a member
of the American Congress, as an American citi-
zen, as a Christian, as a statesman, and as a Hum,
I will carry out that solemn compact, that solemn
pledge. It was with these views that I made the
remarks to which my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Matkaro] has replied with so much zeal
and eloquence. It was with the intention of ex-
posing this misrepresentation of our Government
in the length and breadth of its iniquity, that I
called the attention of the country to the fact that
our Minister at the Court of St. James had made
statements to the British ministry that were un-
founded in fact; and I challenged contradiction to
that important assertion, as I did sixteen years
since. I then declared the utterance of our repre-
sentative at the Court of Great Britain as slan-
dereous of the American nation—as false, un-
founded, and a libel upon our Government. I call
upon the gentleman from Tennessee to contradict
that; and my friend had better acknowledge the
fact at once, than to attempt to evade it as he did.
I rise to call the attention of the gentleman and
of the country to the important fact that tlus Gov-
ernment has violated this solemn compact, by its
authorized agent in Gicat Britain. And I called
on British ministers not to be again misled, but
to carry out the solemn pledge which that nation
and our own had thus made to the civilized, the
Christian world. I felt that the British ministry
had violated this pledge by consenting to pay for
men, immortal beings, as property. Now, sir, here
is my position. It is no appeal to this mail or that,
but an appeal to the whole British and all other
nations, to all people of whatever language, what-
ever may be their form of government, that they
stand up in favor of humanity, maintain the dig-
nity of man, and to see that this pledge, so sol-
emnly made by this Government, shall be re-
deemed. Now, will my friend from Tennessee
stand up -to this pledge ?
Mr. -VI A Y,NA RI). I do not understand that
any pledge has been made that requires either to
be redeemed, or stood up to, or violated; or that
there is a category, such as is suggested, to which
it is necessary to respond; but as I am upon my
feet, by permission of the gentleman 
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will my friend redeem that
pledge? Will he use his efforts, so far as he can,
to abolish this traffic in human flesh ?
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will hear
what I have to say 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I only ask the question,
will he carry out that pledge, or will he not? I
do not ask for any other explanation.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will not
give me my own mode of replying 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I only say that Henry Clay,
when he stood before the country as a candidate
for the Presidency, and when I, before the coun-
try, supported him in that canvass, had made this
solemn pledge, that he entered into that compact
to destroy the traffic in slaves.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BARKSDALE obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. May I ask the gentleman
from Ohio a question ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. One single question.
Mr. MAYNARD. _ I was going to ask the gen-
tleman whether he did not understand that this
tenth article of the treaty with Great Britain re-
lated to the slave trade? And then I was going
to ask him whether there was not a very grave
question of casuistry, as to the right and title
under which we hold the lands once belonging
to the Indians, and whether there was not a great
difference between the propriety of getting their
lands now, and giving up what we have already
acquired ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will answer the gentle-
man's first question, but will not answer his sec-
ond question, it having no relation to the question.
Mr. MAYNARD. The question which I asked
was this: whether there is not the same difference
between the question of the African slave trade,
either as a question of ethics or of policy, and the
holding of persons in slavery who are now slaves,
that there is between plundering the Indian tribes
of their lands, and the holding of the lands which
we have now got, and refusing to give them up to
the first Indian who comes along?
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman must meet
my question, or back out. When the gentleman
asks me whether that provision was not intended
for the slave trade, I tell him no; not exclusively.
One man who made that compact declared upon
this floor that it was designed to overthrow the
entire traffic ill human flesh. There is no refer-
ence to the foreign slave trade, nor to the domestic
or coastwise slave trade; and I believe that Mr.
Clay, and those men who acted with him, thought
as much of our own country as they did of Af-
rica; and that they would not say that the slave
trade upon the African coast was piracy, and on
our own coast was a commendable vocation.
They did not hold that crime was to be determ-
ined by the latitude and longitude in which it was
committed; but they held that a man who, upon
our own southern coast, dealt in those who were
created in the similitude of God, ought to be
hanged, as much as those who engaged in the
same trade on the African coast. And let me tell
the gentleman that, if he had consulted the his-
tory of the country, he would have known these
declarations, which were publicly made in the
Halls of Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I ask the gentleman
whether he intends to say that, when the treaty
of Ghent was made, on the 2'lth of September,
1814, by John Ciuiney Adams, Bayard, Clay, Rus-
sell, and Gallatin, they invoked the aid and in-
strumentality of Great Britain acting here in put-
ting down the buying and selling of slaves in our
own country? Sir, such a supposition as that 1
