1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2237
all others, I waive such adjectives, and waive
such application of epithets.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator knew I did not
apply them to any remark of his.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly; I know the Senator
did not apply them unkindly, and therefore I as-
sure him I take no offense, and am replying to him
now in the very best possible spirit. He takes
the case, however, of sugar, tea, and coffee, and
insists that these shall be the articles to which the
standard is applied. As tea and coffee are not
produced at all m the United States, and sugar is
produced here, it would follow that if he coUected
the same amount of duties from the one produced
in the United States that he mightcoliect from the
three, a part of that duty would go into the Treas-
ury; and to get an equal amount of money the
duty must be increased and the people taxed be-
yond what they would be if it was equally col-
lected off those articles which were imported en-
tirely. I say it is an increase of taxation, and it
must be; for if you increase the price of sugar one
cent on the pound, and one half of it is produced
in the limits of the United States, that cent which
is paid upon every pound produced in the United
States goes to the producers and not to the Treas-
ury, and you must increase the cost above the
one cent in order to be enabled to get the amount
which is to be paid into the Treasury. I think it
is a simple proposition. I do not soy it would
be folly to argue the other side, but that is what
I think.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not like to protract tips
debate; but I certainly endeavor to confine my
words as I do my feelings, to respect for the ar-
guments of Senators. The position I took was,
that the day had gone by when there was any ne-
cessity for meeting this question as a question of
protection directly. But the Senator says now,
that if in the cases put—and I agree he puts them
very fairly—we add to the price of sugar by the
amount of duty imposed, we theieby aid the pro-
ducer, as well as put money into the Treasury;
and to the extent that we aid the producer we de-
prive the Treasury of revenue. That I do not
think is a sound position. I say that there are two
considerations on that point. Now, I will call the
attention of the Senator to this tact: suppose we
raised no sugar—and it would not be produced
without the incidental protection the duty caused—
is it at all certain that the price of sugar to the
consumer would be cheapened?
Mr. DAVIS. It might not be.
Mr. SIMMONS. Would it not necessarily be
increased in the absence of competition produced
in the other country? Is it not inevitable ?
Mr. DAVIS. A limited supply might cause
that.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly it would be. It
may be that it would be dearer to the extent of
the duty. In that case we save the entire sum,
and the foreign producer pays the whole tax. I
do not say we save the entire sum; but I do say
there is nu man who ever investigated this sub-
ject but will come to the conclusion, that in the
competition between the foreign and domestic
producer, a portion of the burden is to be inevit-
ably talon out of the pocket of the foreign pro-
ducer; anu you look to all our correspondence
with foreign *ouritries, and sec the eagerness with
which they ei.deavorto getour duties down, you
will find that they so regard it.
Now I am not disposed to prolong this debate.
I am not against commerce. I do not believe,
however, that it is to the interest of any nation to
seek out countries for the importation of articles
it can produce at home. I do not believe there is
any advantage in reciprocal treaties by which we
import breadstuff's from Canada when we cannot
sell half we produce ourselves. These are the
questions on which I am at issue with those who
go on the free-trade doctrine. I am willing to have
a reciprocal exchange of products with any na-
tion in the world; but when you come to get it m
as we have been doing the last five years, it is an
entirely diffeient question. I will not pursue this
subject further. •
Mr. SHI ELDS. I merely wish to say a word
in explanation of the vote I intend to give. I want,
as far as I understand the question, to be prac-
tical. X think that this is not n favorable time nor
the proper way to tamper with the revenue. I
should be very clad to vote for a repeal of the duty
on salt, for 1 regard it like air, light, and water,
as one of the necessaries of life, and if such a
measure were brought up properly I should vote
for it; but on this occasion, and at this time, I am
not prepared to vote for the reduction of any duty.
I shall vote, therefore, against both the amend-
ments. On the other point, with regard to the
bounty on the fisheries, as a general principle, I re-
gard such bounties as very unequal and improper.
I have taken occasion to read the speech of the
honorable Senator from Alabama very carefully,
and I certainly give him great credit for the man-
ner in which he has investigated the subject; he
has thrown great light on it; but I will take the
liberty of suggesting that that honorable Senator
extend his investigation a little further, and not
confine himself to this one particular interest, but
give us ageneral system of retrenchment. I do not
regard these bounties as in the nature of taxes,
duties, imposts, or excises. I differ with the Sen-
ator on the constitutional point. This is simply
a question of retrenchment, and the retrenchment
of a bounty to a private interest. As a general
principle the honorable Senator is perfectly cor-
rect. I think these bounties,as ageneral principle,
should'never be resorted to. There may be ex-
ceptions; there have been exceptions. This has
been considered one of the exceptions; the wise
statesmen of former times regarded it as a pecu-
liar, exceptional case.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator pardon me for
a moment? That has been repeated time and
again here, and as I have regarded this whole de-
bate as merely fighting against time and wear-
ing out the patience and pertinacity of purpose on
this side of the House, which it may be supposed
is not as great as on the other, I have suffered
the remark to be repeated without correction—
but I deny it, and 1 think I have demonstrated,
not only by moral but mathematical reasoning,
that this was not the policy of the fathers. They
never meant to give bounty, but only an allowance
in lieu of drawback; and I showed that the Sen-
ators from the State of Massachusetts, and the
Representatives m the other House disdained to
ask favor, they disdained to claim bounty, and '
declared they demanded but justice. They asked :
nothing more than to be refunded their own j
money. They disdained to come here and beg |
favors, or to beg bounty, or to beg tribute from |
other people. That is what they said. !
Mr. SHIELDS. I have taken great care to j
examine that distinction, and I recognize it fully. !
The honorable Senator presented it as I thought !
very fairly and fully. Certainly, in the first in- |
stance, theallowance was considered a drawback, i
but it has latterly run into what may be consid- i
ered a bounty. !
Mr. CLAY. Since 1830, by the reduction of |
the salt duty. j
Mr. SHIELDS. I was about to say that I am i
unwilling at this time, m the present state of the
prostration of the country, to strike at tins single i
solitary interest, by way of retrenchment, lest we 1
might entirely prostrate that interest. Now, the
honorable Senator says tins bill has been discussed
in the Senate heretofore, and I am sorry that I
may be treading upon ground that has been gone
over before; but not having been here, I hope he
will pardon me. I did not happen to have a seat
in the body when the question was discussed. j
It is an old system; and, notwithstanding it is j
now attacked, it has produced some of the best1
seamen and the bravest men this country has had. !
In addition to that, it was considered one of the ;
best schools in the olden times for hardy, bold, I
gallant seamen,"and the history of the country!
proves that that is the fact. But there is one con-
sideration m which I have not examined it; and
I must vote according to my own notions,utterly (
without regard to whether this is a party question !
or not. I do not care a cent whether it is or not. j
I mean to vote according to my honest convic- 1
tions, I care not on which side of the Senate 1 may :
be found. I am afraid, with my want of inform- ;
ation on the subject, to touch this old historic m- J
terestj if you please to call it so, that has been so l
favored by legislation, considered in the olden •
time as a school of brave seamen—hardy men— 1
men who have manned the decks of your vessels ;
in time of war, and can do so agnin, and will do '
so now, if necessary. To take that solitary in-
terest, and strike it down, I am not prepared to I
do. Sir, systematize retrenchment. This is no i
kind of legislation, in my humble opinion, any- 1
how—taking up a thing by piecemeal, and strik-
ing at an interest in the South and an interest in
the North. I have no kind of respect for such
legislation. Take up and go through with a sys-
tem of retrenchment, and include this in it, and I
will go with you. One man strikes at sugar, an-
other man strikes at the cod fishery. I do not like
such a course of proceeding.
There is an additional fact which influences my
mind. These fishermen who constitute, as I re-
marked , a hardy, hard-working,bold, daring race
of seamen, enter into competition with European
labor, which is much cheaper than our labor, and
if they are to be kept up at all, it may be neces-
sary to give them some encouragement. That
may, or may not, be so. I am not prepared,
however, to give this vote lest the effect might be
to destroy that interest which is now in competi-
tion with the most energetic people in the world.
I shall vote, therefore, against the honorable Sen-
ator's bill, and against the-amendments.
Mr. CLAY. I do not wish the Senator from
Minnesota to place me in a false position. I deny
that I am striking at this interest. That is an
abuse of the word, and it is arraigning me to
charge me with striking at an interest, .especially
when the Senator couples it with my locality, and j
talks of striking at a northern interest. Here isMft
a bounty paid these men out of the Federal Treas-^^
ury, collected by taxing other people; and because
I am opposed to levying tribute off my people,
or off his people, to raise bounty for these men,
he charges me with striking at them, and then
talks ab#out striking at the sugar interest, as if
they stood upon the same basis, when there is no
parallelism between them. A duty is levied upon
sugar for the support of the Government; but here
you levy duties for the purpose of raising bounties
in this instance. There is no parallelism what-
ever in the cases.
Mr. SHIELDS, I did not speak of the hon-
orable Senator stiiking at the interest. I spoke
of my own course—that. I am not prepared to
vote against that interest in its present condition.
That is what I spoke of, not of the course of the
honoiable Senator.
BRITISH AGGRESSIONS.
Mr. MASON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to allow a message which has been
received from the Piesident to be communicated
to the Senate, with a view that it may be printed.
It is a message communicating, m answer to a
resolution of the Senate, information called for rel-
ative to alleged aggressions on ships of the United
States, at Cuba, and in the Gulf of Mexico. I
merely mean to ask that it may be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope it\viil be read.
Mr. MASON. The message is a very short
one, merely communicating documents. I shall
not ask that anything be read, but simply for its
printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) If there be no objection the Chair will
lay the message before the Senate. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. CLAY. I must object to its being read.
I know that the temper of the opponents of this
measure is to defeat it by every sort of parlia-
mentary strategy. I do not complain of that. It
is perfectly fair. It is usual for minorities to 3o
so. But if the Senate has that message read it may
provoke some debate before it is referred, and 1
object. If this bill be deferred much longer I fear
we shall be without a quoium.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator does not in- 
elude me among the opponents of his bill.
Mr. CLAY. Of course not,
Mr. MASON. 1 know it is a measure of pub-
lic interest. *
Mr. CLAY. It is a matter of no great public
concern to have this message referred now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair decided, after calling for objection,
that the message should be road, no one making
objection.
Mr, CLAY. I suppose before it is read I have
a riffht to obiect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama objects to the reading of the mes-
sage.
Mr. MASON. I will state to the Senator that
the message is a single page of paper3 merely
communicating the documents,
