1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
hold to be a calumny. I hold it to be a slander
on the memory of those distinguished statesmen.
They never could have done so. I will never
believe—I will believe anything first—that they
would make a treaty with the Power with which
we were at war; the Power which we met on the
northern lakes; the Power which we met on the
seas; the Power which had impressed our sea-
men, by which that Power, as one of the high
contracting parties, should come upon our own
ground, into our own country, and interfere to
prevent a citizen of the United States from either
buying or selling a household servant as the ex-
igency of his household or the requirements of
his business might make proper or necessary.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to have one minute,
to say that this pledge of Henry Clay, and John
Q,uincy Adams, and Bayard, and Gallatin, was
on behalf of the United States and of this Govern-
ment; not on the part of England, but for this
nation and Government. England owned, at that
time, slave colonies herself, and tolerated traffic
in slaves among her West India islands; and the
British ministers proclaimed their intention to put
down the traffic in slaves in the West India islands.
Now, I appeal to the nation, I appeal to the House,
whether we ought not to carry out that compact?
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask why, if that had ref-
erence to slavery, and not to the slave trade, they
did not use the word "slavery?'' It was as easy
for them to have inserted a word about which
there could be no controversy and no misunder-
standing.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It was because the United
States Government had not the power to abolish
slavery in Tennessee, or in any other State, but
had the jpower to abolish the slave trade on our
coast. Uiey said " trajfic in sladcs," not slavery,
Dot the slave trade.
Mr. BARKSDALE resumed the floor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 ask the gentleman
from Mississippi to give way to a motion that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I prefer to go on now.
Mr. ATKINS. Will the gentleman yield to
my colleague, [Mr. Maynard,] that he may ask
a question of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dint.s ']
Mr. BARKSDALE. For one moment only.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman will also
yield for an answer?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I dislike, Mr. Chairman,
to pursue this course of discussion. The ques-
tion which I desire to propound is 
Mr. HARLAN. I feel under the necessity of
raising an objection.
The CHAIRMAN". By the settled usage of
the committee the floor cannot be yielded without
unanimous consent, except to ask a question.
Objection is made, and the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi will proceed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Mr. Chairman, the third
section of the fourth article of the Constitution of
the United States declares that new States may be
admitted by Congress into the Union; and the
fourth section of the same article provides that the
United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government, and shall
protect each of them against invasion, and, on ap-
plication of the Legislature, or of the Executive
when the Legislature cannot be convened, against
domestic violence.
Under these clauses of the Federal Constitution,
Mr, Chairman, from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment to 18^0—in its purer and better days—in
the daysofWashington, Jefferson, Madison, and
Monroe, of the great men who fought the battles
of the Revolution, and achieved our independence,
free States and slave States were admitted into
the Union without any discussion as to their
domestic institutions. During that period Ver-
mont, Kentucky,Tennessee,Ohio, Louisiana, In-
diana, Mississippi, Illinois, and Alabama, wereall
admitted into the Union on terms of perfect equal-
ity with the original States that formed the Con-
federacy. In 1&2U, however, when Missouri ap-
plied for admission, her application was resisted,
not because hei constitution was not republican in
form, not because there was any objection to her
boundaries, not becausc she did not have the requi-
site population, not because she had not under-
gone a territorial pupilage, but because her con-
stitution recognized slavery.
Here, sir, commenced the agitation of that fear-
ful question of slavery, which, though present-
ing at different times somewhat varying aspects,
remains unchanged in its essence and character,
and is to-day what it was then—a contest for sec-
tional aggrandizement on the one hand, and ex-
istence on the other.
This fierce struggle was finally ended by the
admission of Missouri; but, in order to secure it,
the South was forced to yield to an unjust and un-
constitutional restriction, by which slavery was
prohibited north of 36° 30\
It is unnecessary for me, sir, to repeat the events
of that period. They have been often depicted
during the present session of Congress in the dis-
cussion of this Kansas question, and are well
known to the country. And from that period to
the present, whenever a slave State has applied
for admission into the Union—as in the case of
Arkansas, of Florida, and of Texas, the country
has passed through the same scenes of agitation,
of excitement, and of turmoil, through which we
are passing now.
Mr. Chairman, when a State applies for admis-
sion into the Union, what are the inquiries to be
made by Congress ? First, whether her constitu-
tion is the act and will of the people of that Ter-
ritory, or inchoate State; and secondly, whether
her constitution is republican in form. To arrive
at a satisfactory solution of these questions as con-
nected with the application of Kansas, I propose
to call the attention of the House to certain facts,
the authenticity of which no one can successfully
controvert.
On the 3d of February the President of the Uni-
ted States, in the patriotic discharge of his duty,
transmitted to Congress a constitution formed by
Kansas, with her application for admission into
the Union, accompanied by a message marked
with extraordinary ability, urging her admission.
The question for us to ask is, is this the constitu-
tion of the people of Kansas? Have they made
it? Is it their act and deed, and are they applying
for admission into the Union under it?
The objects of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, intro-
duced into the Senate by Judge Douglas, who
was its avowed champion, were to organize these
Territories, to confer upon the people whatever
powers oflegislation were possessed by Congress,
and to repeal the Missouri restriction—thus estab-
lishing the principle of non-intervention. That
bill became the law of the land. The Missouri re-
striction was repealed, and Kansas and Nebraska
became organized Territories. A Governor of
Kansas and other officers were appointed. A Ter-
ritorial Legislature was elected by the people, and
all the machinery of a territorial*government put
in operation. It has been charged, however, that
there were frauds practiced in the election of the
first Legislature of the Territory of Kansas. I do
not know how that may be. I do know, however,
that before the Kansas-Nebraska bill passed—
after it became evident that it would pass—an or-
ganization was gotten up in the State of Massa-
chusetts, with a capital amountingto $3,000,000,
for the purpose of sending emigrants into Kansas
with a view, not of becoming citizens, butof shaping
and controlling its institutions, and defeating the
objects of the law. Now, sir, what does Judge
Douglas say with refeience to the organization
of this Emigrant Aid Society ?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken in
what he says about a society organized, as he
says, m Massachusetts.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand, sir, what
are the facts in connection with the organization
of this society. Its objects were to defeat the law;
and many of those who went to that Territory
under its auspices, left it, never to return, imme-
diately after the first election.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman let me cor-
rect him ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. No, sir; I do not mean
to treat the gentleman discourteously, but I can-
not yield.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say to the gentleman,
that no such society was organized in Massachu-
setts as he has described.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Why, sir, it has never
been denied before, to my knowledge.
Mr. DAWES. It is denied now. He is mis-
taken about the society.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] boldly avowed it in the
Senate, and it was admitted upon this floor by the
gentleman from Indiana, Mr. Mace, a member of
this House in the Thirty-Third Congress.
Mr. SINGLETON. Mr. Mace acknowledged
that he was the president of the association.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman says that the
Legislature of Massachusetts incorporated such
a society.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I did not say the Legislature incorporated
the society. I said there was an organization
formed with a capital of $3,000,000.
Mr. DAWES. And formed in Massachusetts,
I understand you to say.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Yes, sir; that is my un-
derstanding.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken.
There was no such society formed in Massachu-
setts.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I repeat, sir, that I have
never heard the fact denied oefore. It has been
gloried in by the Representatives from Massachu-
setts heretofore. I recollect that the Senator from
Massachusetts avowed it and exulted in it on the
floor of the Senate. I allude to Mr. Sumner, in
that celebrated speech of his, which gentlemen on
the other side of the House will remember, per-
haps, forever.
And let me state here that the candidate of the
anti-slavery party for Congress, in the first elec-
tion, left the Territory immediately after the re-
sult was made known, and never returned.
The object of that organization, I repeat, was
to defeat the purpose of the law, and to prevent
slaveholders from enjoying their property in that
Territory. Here is what Judge Douglas says:
"The passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act was strenu-
ously resisted by alt persons who thought u a less evil to de-
prive the people of new States and Territories of the right
of State equality and self government than to allow them to
decide the slavery question for themselves, as every State
of the Union had done, and must retain the undeniable right
to do, so long as the Constitution of the United States shall
be maintained as the supieme law of the land. Finding op-
position to the principles of the act unavailing in the Halls
of Congress and under the forms of the Constitution, com-
binations were immediately entered into in some portions
of the Union to control the political destinies and form and
regulate the domestic institutions of those Territories and
future States through the machinery of emigrant aid socie-
ties."
Here, I have quoted the languageof your great
leader in this war upon Kansas and the South, in
in regard to these emigrant aid societies 
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will in a moment set him right in this mat-
ter.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I only have an hour, and
the gentleman will see that I have no time to spare.
Judge Douglas continues:
" In order to give consistency and efficiency to the move-
ment, and surround it with the color of legal authority, an
act of incorporation was procured from the Legislature of
the State of Massachusetts, when a powerful corporation,
with a capital of $5,000,000, invested in houses and lands,
m merchandise and mills, m cannon and rifles, in powder
and lead, m all the implements of art, agriculture, and war,
and emplojing a corresponding number of men, all under
the management and control of non-resident dneetors and
stockholders, who are authorized by their charter to vote
by proxy to the extent of fifty votes each, enters a distant
and sparsely settled Territory, with the fixed purpose of
wielding all its power to control the domestic institutions
and political destinies of the Territory, it becomes a ques-
tion of fearful import how far the operations of the com-
pany are compatible with the rights and liberties of the peo-
ple. Whatever may be the extent or limit of congressional
uuthonty over the Territories, it is clear that no individual
State has the right to pass any law, or authonze any act,
concerning or affecting the Territories which it might not
enact in leferenee to any other Srate. It is a weli-settkd
pnnciple of eons-titutional law in this countiy, that, while
all the States of the Union are united in one, for ccrtain
purposes, yet each State, m respect to everything which
affeet< it  domestic policy'and internal concerns, stands in
the relation of a foreign Power to every other State, Hence,
no State has a light to pass any law, or do or authorize any
act, with a view to influence or change the domestic policy
of any other State or Territory of the Union, more than it
would with refeience to France or England, or any other
foreign State vvitli which we are at peace. Indeed, every
State of this Union is under higher obligations to observe a
friendly foibearauce and generous comity towards each
otiier memher of the Confederacy than the laws of nations
can impose on foreign States."
I have thus established the fact of the organi-
zation of this society by the testimony of Judge
Douglas, who was eloquent in denunciation of its
objects.
The fact that there was such an organization in
existence, I repeat, has never been denied before,
to my knowledge.
Mr. DAWES. I do not deny that
