2238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
Mr. CLAY. It may lead to debate.
Mr. MASON. If it does, I shall waive it.
Mr. CLAY. It will be too late then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will |
take the sense of the Senate on reading the paper, i
if the Senator from Alabama objects. j
The question being put, whether the message i
should be read, it was decided in the affirmative; !
there being on a division—ayes 21, noes 17. ;
The Secretary read the message, which trans- j
mits, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of j
the 14th instant, reports from the Secretaries of <
State and of the Navy concerning the recent
search or seizure of American vessels by foreign
armed cruisers in the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. MASON. I move that the papers bo re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to. i
Mr. ALLEN. I ask for the reading of the '
documents. !
Mr. MASON. I hope not. j
Mr. CLAY. I think that is too late now. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order of j
the Senate having been to refer the papers to a
icommittee, the Chair apprehends they are not
now before the Senate without a reconsideration. j
FISHING BOUNTIES. j
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re- i
sumed the consideration of the bill to repeal the j
fishing bounties. \
Mr. SEWARD. I rise without any purpose i
of prolonging this debate, but simply to«state, in ;
order to guard against any future misapprehen- j
sion, the ground of the votes I have to give in the I
further progress of this question. The Senator [
from Alabama has said, no doubt as sincerely as j
he always speaks, that he sees no analogy be- j
tween the protection of certain branches of in- ;
dustry, which are protected by the incidental effect !
of our revenue tariff, and the protection of the fish- j
eries by bounties. To me, they seem to be but a part '
of the same system, that the principle of protection •
is just as clear and distinct and palpable when you
give a bounty as it is when you give protection by I
imposts upon articles of foreign manufacture or j
production on coming into competition with Amer-
ican manufactures and productions. Regarding I
it in this li^ht, as I have had occasion to state be- !
fore, I shall vote against his bill for abolishing the
bounties upon the cod fisheries. In order to carry !
that measure more successfully through, as I un- I
derstand it, one honorable Senator has proposed ;
to make the loss of those bounties fall lighter upon
the fishermen by remitting the duty upon salt; 1
thus to mitigate the misfortune, or the evil, or the i
grievance of the fisherman at the expense of the
manufacturer of salt. I wish to protect equally
the manufacturer of salt and the fisherman. I am, ,
therefore, opposed to abolishing the duty on salt. :
Another honorable Senator, by hii amendment,
combines the remission of the duty upon sugar
with the proposition to remit the duty upon salt.
If the duty upon salt is to be remitted, then I am
to go further, and go for a general remission of
duties, as far as I can, for the purpose of arrest- ,
ing the whole operation of this embarrassment to 1
the industry of the country. When we vote, I j
shall vote for the amendment to repeal the duties '
on sugar by way of amendment to the remission !
of the duties on salt. When I come to the ques- ;
tion, ifl shall reach it, I shall votengamst there- |
mission of the duties upon cither salt or sugar, or
the abolition of the bounties.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull.]
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 37; as follows:
YF.^S—Mes«rs. Brodeiick, Chandler, Claik, DoohttIr\
Dousia^, Dtiikce, Fe^ondcn, Foster, Hale, Hamlm. Har-
lan, Houston, Johnson of Tenne^ee, Jones, King, Seward,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—.Yln-5-u> . Allen. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Burler,
Bright. Brown, CIov. Ch ?man, Collamer, Crittenden, Da-
vis, Dixon, Fitzp.mick. Foot, Gwin. Hammond, Ilendei-
son, Hunter, lvei-on, Johnson ot Aikan^a?, Kenned v. Mai-
loiy, Mu>on, Penree, Polk. Pn^li, Ivic<;. Sebastian,. Shield-,
Simmons, Slide!!, Smart, Thomson of Vow Jersey, Toombs,
Wright, and Yulee—U7.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. POLK, before the vote was announced,
said: My colleague [Mr. Green] has paired off
with the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs upon the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Allen,] upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted—
yeas 18, nays 41; as follows:
YKAS— Messrs. Allen, Bioderick, Chandler. Collamer,
Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkcc, Fcssetiden, Hamlin,
Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, King,
Stuart, Tiumbull, and Wade—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Brown, Cameron, Claik, Clay, Clingman, Crittenden. Da-
vis, Fitzpauick, Foot, Foster, Gieen, Gwin, Hale, Ham-
mond, Henderson, Hunter, fverson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Kennedy, Mallorv, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Pugh, Rice, Se-
hastian.Sewaid, Shields, Simmons, Shdell, Sumner,Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—
41.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the question was stated to be on concurring
in the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, which is to fill the blank in line one, with
" the 31st day of December, 1859;" and in line
four and five, to strike out the words, " and al-
lowing bounties to," and inserting, " allowances
or bounties upon the tonnage," so as to make the
bill read :
Th n from and after the 31st day of December, 1859, all
act5?, and p.u fs of aets. ffivma allowances or bounties upon
the tonnage of vessels employed in the bank, or other cod
fisheries, be, and the same aie hereby, repealed."
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " 1859," and inserting in-
stead, I8G2."
Mr. SEWARD callcd for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I will simply state that that amend-
ment has once been voted down in Committee of
the Whole. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. HAMLIN. No; that was an amendment
changing it to 1865.
Mr. CLAY. As 1 have said two or three times
before, this bill gives them two years; or, in other
words, about seven hundred thousand dollars of
bounty, provided they realize as much this year
and next year as the average of the last ten years.
This proposition would give them five years,
which would be equal to nearly three million dol-
lars. I give them, in the way of time, as long as
several of the original acts granting the original
allowances were intended to continue. Many of
them were limited to but two years. I give them
but two years, and, in addition to that, they had
notice, more than eighteen months ago, that this
measure would be pressed.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to detain the
Senate, or to subject myself to the charge made
by the Senator from Alabama to-day, that we
, were unnecessarily interposing obstacles to the
! passnge of the bill. I think the charge was not
i well founded. I wish simply to say that the
I amendment extends the time three years longer
| than the Senator proposes. It carries it to 1862,
; instead of 1859, making a difference of three years.
I oiler the proposition in good faith. If we arc
to repeal these bounties which have existed, with
the exception of three or four years, since the
foundation of the Government, 1 think the Sen-
ator ought to be willing to agree to this amend-
ment, and give the capital and persons employed
in the cod fisheries an opportunity to work grad-
ually out of the business, or take such other action
as they please, so that they will be affected a3
little as possible by the change.
Mr. CLAY. I must correct agun, for the fifth
or sixth time, an error of the Senator's. They
never got bounty before 1830, if the advocates of
the allowance spoke the truth. It is only since
II 1830 they got bounty. Now, the Senator speaks
I as if the withdrawing from these men of what
j is said to amount to about twelve dollars a man
j is going to break up the cod fishery. My own
I opinion is, ihat it will not reduce the number
j] of fish caught, or the cod-liver oil that is made,
■ and that wc shall get as many fish as we did be-
ij fore the repeal of the bounty; and as to giving
11 them fire years, or, m other Jvords, upwards of
' | three million dollars instead of the $700,000 I pro-
! i pose to give them, it will only delude them, and
I1 keep them in the business; whereas, if the bill
pass, allowing two years, if they can find a more
profitable employment in the coasting trade, or
mackerel catching, or whale fishing, they will go
into it.
Mr. WILSON. As to the word bounty, the
Senator sayis he has corrected us several times. I
use the word bounties, allowances, or drawbacks,
in the same sense. It is a matter of protection
early commenced by the Government. Now, the
Senator says if the extension I propose be made,
it will be some three million dollars. It will only
be allowing for the whole five years, according to
his own statement, some one million five hundred
thousand dollars and it is only $900,000 for the
three additional years, supposing the amount to
be $300,000 annually. It is less than a million
dollars. I think it fair if the repeal is to take place
at all, as I suppose itis, that these additional three
years should be allowed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 26, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer,Crittenden, Drxon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, King, Sew-
ard, Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade?
and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard,Benjamin,Bigler,Briffht.Brown,
Clay, Clingman, Davis, Douglas, Fitzpatriek, Gvvm, Ham-
mond, Henderson, Hunter, lyerson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tenness.ee, Jones, Mallory, Mason, Pearce,
Polk, Pugli, Riee, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson of New
Jersey, Toombs, Wiight, and Yulee—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment made in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time.
*Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the final passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PJOUSTON. I have heard with some at-
tention the discussion upon this subject, and I do
not intend to detain the Senate by any lengthened
remarks of mine. Under another state of affairs
I might be disposed to vote for the passage of this
bill; but I think the indications of this morning
bespeak for us a prospect of difficulties on the
ocean. The message which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations a few minutes
ago, would seem to indicate that there is, per-
haps, trouble ahead; and that will be, to a great
extent, confined to the ocean; and a marine will
be necessary; and it ought to be the most efficient
we can muster under the auspices of the nation.
Our present Navy I consider as practically abol-
ished or disbanded. It is in no situation to com-
pete with the navy of any nation upon earth in
its present disorganized state. Our seamen and
marines are generally foreigners. They have no
tie that binds them to our service but the pay that
they get. They are mercenaries. They are not
citizens who have at heart the interests of the
country. They do not feel concerned for the
honorof the national flag. They serve where they
can get the best pay. We cannot rely on such
men on board our vessels to the extent that is
necessary in case of a maiitime war. It is essen-
tial, then, that we should pursue that policy which
is best calculated to strengthen our marine. If
war should giow up between the United States
and England it will be mainly conducted—at least
the efficient part of it—by privateers, manned by
active seamen; and I feei satisfied, on reflection,
that this policy, inaugurated under the adminis-
tration of General Jackson was intended with
reference to that very object—to foster and in-
crease our mercantile and fishing marine as fast
I as possible, so as, in the event of war, to enable
us to maintain our position on the seas.
Under these circumstances, and with these im-
pressions, I am prepared to vote against the bill
before us, believing that even if such a measure
were proper, this is not the time to adopt it, as
we shall require the most efficient aids possible
to maintain our position on the ocean as a mari-
time Power; and I cannot believe that any good
will be brought about by this measure.
Furthermore, the multiplication of seamen and
seafaring men will be of advantage to the section
of country which I represent, for it will produce
competition in the carrying .trade. As our pro-
ducts are of a character that require a commercial
marine to transport them, I think the increase of
a marine foice will be of advantage to the South.
Therefore, I am willing to encourage that policy
which is calculated to increase the number of our
seamen and our competition in the carrying trade
m time of peace, and then, in the event of war,
