1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
Territory, against right and against juatice. It
came from the men who had control of the officers
who were to execute that law; and by prescribing
these additional forms, they but added to the
means of deception and fraud. They copied it
after the Toombs bill, for the purpose of prose-
cuting an imposition upon Congress; but look at
the difference between the bill of Congress, as it
was to be executed, and the bill of theTerritorial
Legislature, as that was to be executed. My ven-
erable colleague of that day, Mr. Cass, occu-
pying the seat now occupied by the honorable
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] rose in
his place and stated that he was authorized by
the President of the United States to say, that if
that bill became a law, the President would ap-
point the ablest and best men of the United States
to act as commissioners; and in those appoint-
ments would do justice to every political party.
That was the character of the commissioners who
were to execute that act; but the bill of this Legis-
lature was to be executed by sheriffs and judges
of probate, who had been appointed at the hands
of that Legislature—men whom they knew they
could rely upon to assist them in practicing upon
the people of Kansas this contemplated outrage;
and the end fully justified their expectations.
What was the result? That a part only of the
Territory was represented in that convention at
all.
Now, sir, I must say to my honorable friend
from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] and the majority
of the Committee on Territories, that I regretted,
deeply regretted, two things in their report. I
regretted to see that they saw fit to call the ma-
jority, the free-State people of that Territory,
Abolitionists. I think it better, upon all occa-
sions, to call political organizations by the name
they take to themselves; but in this instance it is
not the fact, as I have shown by documents al-
ready read at your table.
i regret, also, to see that they noticed in that
report a statement, upon the topic I am now con-
sidering, from H. Clay Pate. Sir, we have all
sorts of pates hold of this thing from the begin-
ning; but I had hoped we might have escaped
this Clay Pate. We are told that the potter hath
power over the clay, to make one vessel to honor
and another to dishonor; but the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] told us the other day
that this Clay Pate was already made to dishonor.
What does he say? What is the amount of his
statement when you have done? Why, it is the
statement of Mr. Wilson that two other men made
a statement to him—mere gossip got up for the oc-
casion. It is a mere statement of another person ;
but if it were all true, if you were to admit every
word of it, still it leaves the fact that the people
occupying one half of the counties of the Terri-
tory, be they more or less, had no right to vote
at that election, and did not vote, because they
could not get their names registered.
The Presidentsays that lie is m favor of admit-
ting Kansas under this Lecompton constitution,
to carry out the great principle of non-interven-
tion. I said that, when this controversy began,
we knew the meaning of non-intervention and
intervention* What are the facts? Here is a
people remonstrating through their conventions,
through their Territorial Legislature and Dele-
gate, through their State officers—remonstrating
by ton thousand votes, at the polls, against having
this constitution forced upon them; and yet you
say that to force it upon them is non-interven-
tion ! To take off your hands; to let this thing
fall, a dead carcass; to leave these people, in the
language of the Kansas act, perfectly free to reg-
ulate their own concerns m their own way—that
they say is intervention ! In the language of that
editorial, to force this thing, and force it the
harder the more you are satisfied the people are
opposed to it, that, say the friends of this meas-
ure, is the quintessence of non-intervention! Was
there ever anything more absurd ?
The President says it will localize excitement;
it will banish the question from the Halls of Con-
gress, and produce peace within the Territory,
and throughout the United States; the thing called
excitement in this topic will be dead, he thinks.
Sir, if this project could succeed; if that great
birthright of American freemen could thus be
violated, and this constitution placed upon the
New Seksi:s—No. 12.
necks of that people; when the President should
come to look into the Territory, and when he
should see the people in angry and sullen col-
umns against it; when he should see there those
portentous clouds of darkness which he thinks
are hovering over the country; he might say:
" ' Tis Lethe's gloom, but not its quiet;
The pain, without the peace of death."
He next tells us that this election on the 4th of
January was a nullity. Is it true, sir, that the
President of theUnited States instructed Governor
Denver to see that that election was fairly carried
out; that the people should have a right, peace-
ably and fairly, to vote on that day, against the
constitution, when he intended to regard it as a
nullity? What is the argument based upon this?
We are told that the people of a Territory, in their
legislative capacity, have a right,under the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act, to proceed to form a constitu-
tion and State government. What did they do m
this instance? They authorized an election of
delegates to frame a constitution. Did they au-
thorize them to do anything more ? Iam now
speaking of the mere technical question involved.
They authorized the delegates to frame a consti-
tution to be submitted to Congress; but they
never authorized the delegates to submit it to
Congress; that is not found in the law.
But we are told, that if a people having done
this should find that the delegates whom they have
intrusted to effect this object have made a consti-
tution obnoxious to them, that the power to re-
claim any action over it is gone; that it is an ex-
hausted authority; that although they had that
power under the Kansas-Nebraska act complete,
unlimited, yet, like the kite of the lad, the strms;
is broken; it has passed from their control, and
being whirled about by every gust of passion, lies
torn and destroyed at their feet among the crags
of technicality. What, sir! The delegate got
an authority above and beyond all reclamation of
the people, and this doctrine, at this stage of the
world, a Democratic principle ! The people au-
thorize delegates to frame an instrument, to be
called a constitution, just as you would authorize
your attorney to make out a power of attorney
for you to execute, subject to their inspection,
control, and revision ! But whatbecomes of that
language of the Kansas act upon which so much
emphasis is placed, that the people, in framing
their constitution and formingand regulating then-
domestic institutions, have a right to doitin their
own way? That declaration has been empha-
sized and italicized in messages, in speeches, and
in political newspaper articles. It was " their
way" peaceably to pass a law for an election on
the 4th of January, and under that law to reject
that constitution. Was not that (< their own
way?" Have they not done it ? And yet we are
told, that to regard that act is intervention in the
affairs of the Territory. Admit, sir, if you please,
that, upon legal principles, tins election is a nul-
lity, (and I make theadmission only for the sake
of the argument,) what then ? It is an expression
of ten thousand majority of the people of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas against this constitution. It
comes back to the position that I took in Decem-
ber, that a majority of the people being against
the constitution, you have no power, under the
authority conveyed to you by the Federal Con-
stitution, to admit it into this Union, because " to
admit," implies " consent to a request;" and un-
less the people request it, you have no authority
to say yes.
But the President says this election involved a
strange inconsistency. Air. President, I ask your
special attention to that argument. Just for one
moment recall to mind the then condition of the
people of Kansas. The President in his annual
message had told them that if they did not vote
at the'elections that Congress would and ought
to take it for granted that they consented to be
bound by those who did vote. That annual mes-
sage, we are told, was telegraphed to the Terri-
tory, and read by the direction of Governor Stan-
ton to the Legislature, and published to the people.
Therefore, before this election of the 4th of Jan-
uary they knew that the Chief Magistrate of this
nation, with that power which belongs to a great
man and is incident to his high position, intended
to hold them by the voice of the people, as that
voice might appear through the votes on the 4th
of January. There was a long and heated con-
test'among the people calling themselves free-State
people, whether they would vote at all or not at
that election. Finally, it was resolved to do so,
and about two thirds of them did vote. Now,
what are they told by the President of the United
States? That although under this declaration of
his they voted by ten thousand majority against
the constitution as a whole, yet because at the
same time they voted for, and secured the election
of State officers and members of the Legislature
under it, the President tells them they have rec-
ognized its validity in the most solemn manner.
Why, sir, this reasoning not only carries us
back to the days of Federalism, but it carries us
still further back to the days of witchcraft. This
is the law of witches. This is the law of their trial.
The method, we are told, was to plunge the sup-
posed witch into the stream. If she swam out she
was a witch to be shot with a silver ball. If she
died in the stream, she was no witch. Here is
the same doctrine: if you do not vote at this elec-
tion, I shall hold that those who do vote bind you;
but if you vote, although you may vote by ten
thousand against the constitution, yet I shall hold
that you have admitted that it is a fair and valid
constitution, and that you ought to live under it.
That, I repeat, is the law of witches.
The President, as he thinks, havingestablished
the validity of this constitution upon the principles
of right, proceeds, in his own language, to talk
about principles of expediency, and in the outset
he says that Kansas is as much a slave State now
as South Carolina or Georgia. If that declaration,
had come from any other source upon earth it
would not have been entitled to respectful consid-
eration; but coming as it does from this distin-
guished man, occupying, as he does, this distin-
guished and responsible position, let us see what
it has for its foundation. " Kansas is now as
much a slave State as South Carolina or Georgia."
And yet since that constitution was sent here and
piesented to Congress, or perhaps before it was
presented to Congress, the President had ap-
pointed a Governor for Kansas. At the very mo-
ment when the President made that declaration,
the Territorial Legislature of Kansas was in ses-
sion, passing laws as a Territorial Legislature,
not an officer was commissioned in that Territory
who was not there commissioned either by the
President or elected by the people under territo-
rial law. There was not a State lawin existence,
not a State oilirer m existence, not the slightest
semblance of a State; and yet the President tells
us that it is as much a slave State as South Caro-
lina or Georgia. Why, sir, it was not a State
at all, much less one equal to South Carolina
and Georgia. Was there a Legislature there?
Who weie they? Was there a set of State offi-
cers there ? Who were they? The constitution
useif expressly declares that neither the State offi-
cers nor the Legislature shall assemble, be quali-
fied, or do anv act until Congress has admitted
Kansas under this constitution. In the face of
ail this, the President, in his message to the Sen-
ate, makes the solemn'declaration, that it was
then as much a State, and a slave State, as any
State in this Union.
The true theory, in my judgment, applicable
to constitutions formed in Territories, is this:
whether in vntueof enabling acts, or m virtue of
that right that lies with the people always, they
are foinu'd, but for a particular purpose. They
die founed as the act of the Legislature author-
i ized the delegates at Lecompton to form this one--
| a constitution to he submitted to Congress. It is
i on incipient movement for the organization of a
State; but if Congress refuse it, it is a constitu
lion no longer. Now, sir, take the case in hand.
ThisLecompton constitution itself, as I have said,
declares that no State or legislative organization
| is to be had under it until after Congress has ad-
j muted the State into the Union. If Congress re-
| jects the application, where is the authority to
! organize a State government? Sir, we ought to
! be amazed; the President himself ought to be
j amazed at such an unqualified declaration as that
1 contained in his message.
| Bin, sir, there is a more lamentable declaration
j than that connected with it. The Presidentsays
: that if Congress now rejects this constitution be-
« cause slavery remains in it, it will be offensive to a
