1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
Mr. BARKSDALE. There may have been
frauds in that election. I do not pretend to know
how the facts are. If there were frauds on one
side, there were frauds, doubtless, on the other;
and if Missourians invaded that Territory , it was
for the purpose of counteracting that which had
been improperly and illegally done by the Emi-
grant Aid Society of Massachusetts.
But, sir, how was it? Members of that Legis-
lature were commissioned by Governor Reeder
himself. He issued their commissions and he did
not object to that Legislature upon the ground of
its illegality, until after it removed the place of its
meeting. The Territorial Legislature of 1855,
passed an act, submitting the question to the peo-
ple, whether they desired a convention to be called
to organizeaStategovernmentornot. Thatques-
tion was submitted to the people. Every man in
that Territory had the right to vote; the United
States troops were there to protect them in that
right, if they did not have the courage to protect
themselves. If the anti-slavery party of the Ter-
ritory were opposed to organizing a State govern-
ment, why did they not say so ? They refused to
obey the law; they refused to exercise the priv-
ilege which had been guarantied to them under it;
a large majority, almost a unanimous vote, was
given in favor of calling a convention of the people
to organize a State government. Sir, the object
of these emigrant aid societies was to set at defi-
ance the authority of the Federal Government and
the Territorial Legislature, and they were suc-
cessful.
Sir, are we to be influenced by conduct like this ?
They not only refused to obey the law, but prop-
erty was rendered insecure, and human life itself
was put in constant peril. The country was ever
and anon shocked with accounts of murders and
assassinations committed by the abandoned out-
casts, who were gathered from the dens and pur-
lieus of northern cities and transported into that
Territory by these emigrant aid societies. Arson,
robbery, and murder, and every crime known to
the black catalogue of crimes, were committed by
these outlaws and traitors. Yet we are told that,
because they did not vote, this constitution is not
the will of the people of Kansas. The true people
of Kansas, those who had fixed their homes and
cast their destiny in that Territory, and whose in-
terests were identified with it, decided, under the
forms of law, that a convention should be held;
the succeeding Legislature passed an act requiring
all the voters of the Territory to be registered pre-
paratory to the election; officers were regularly
appointed to register the names; and time was
fiven for every man in the Territory to register
is name. But these men refused to obey the law,
or avail themselves of the rights which had been
so carefully secured to them. Law-abiding citi-
zens of the Territory, however, did observe the
law, to the number of more than nine thousand.
After this opportunity had been given to every
man in the Territory to register his name, an elec-
tion was held for delegates to this convention; the
apportionment having been made by Mr. Secre-
tary Stanton himself. Here, again, was another
opportunity afforded to the free-State men of that
Territory to have secured a majority in that con-
vention, and thus to have made a free-State con-
stitution, or a constitution prohibiting slavery if
they desired to do so. They did not vote; or, if
they did vote, they were in a minority, and hence
a large majority of pro-slavery delegates was
elected to that convention.
In due course of time—the time specified by
law—(he convention met, having been elected by
the people at the ballot-box, every man in the
Territory having had an opportunity of partici-
pating in the election of those delegates. The
validity of this convention was recognized by the
Presidentin his instructions to Governor Walker,
and by Judge Douglas himself in a speech deliv-
ered by him at Springfield, Illinois, in which he
declares that:
" Kansas is about to speak for herself, through her dele-
legates assembled in convention to form a constitution prep-
aratory to her admission into the Union on an equal footing
Willi the original States. Peace and prosperity now prevail
throughout her borders. The law under which her dele-
gates are about to be elected is believed to be just and fair
in all its objects and provisions. There is every reason to
hope and buiieve that the law will be fairly interpreted and
impaui:iliy executed, so as to insure to every bona fide in-
habitant the free and quiet exercise of his elective franchise.
If any portion of the inhabitants, acting under the advice of
the political leaders in distant States, shall choo&etoab&ent
themselves from the polls, and withhold their votes with a
view of leaving the free-State Democrats in a minority, and
thus securing a pro-slavery constitution in opposition to the
wishes of a majority of the people living under it, let the re-
sponsibility rest upon those who, for partisan purposes, will
sacrifice the principles they profess to cherish and promote.
Upon them, and upon the political party for whose benefit
and under the direction of whose leaders they act, let the
blame be visited of fastening upon the people of a new State
institutions repugnant to their feelings, and in violation of
their wishes. The organic act secures to the people of Kan-
sas the sole and exclusive right of forming and regulating
their domestic institutions to suit themselves, subject to no
other limitations than that which the Constitution of the
United States imposes. The Democratic party is determ-
ined to see the great fundamental principle of the organic
act carried out in good faith. The present election law in
Kansas is acknowledged to be fair and just. The rights of
the voters are clearly defined, and the exercise of these
rights will be efficiently and scrupulously protected. Hence,
if the majority of the people of Kansas desire to have it a
free State, (and we are told by the Republican party that
nine tenths of the people of that Territory are free-State
men,) there is no obstacle in the way of bringing Kansas
into the Union as a free State by the votes and voice of her
own people, and in conformity to the great principles of the
Kansas-Nebraska act; provided all the free-State men will
go to the polls and vote their principles in accordance with
their professions. If such is not the result, let the conse-
quences be visited upon the heads of those whose policy it
is to produce strife, anarchy, and bloodshed in Kansas, that
their party may profit by slavery agitation in the northern
States of this Union."
Governor "Walker and Mr. Stanton, who are
now reaping the rewards of their treachery to the
South in the adulation of their Abolition friends
at the North, both repeatedly acknowledged the
legality of this convention.
As 1 said, the convention met and proceeded
to form a constitution for the people of Kansas.
That constitution recognizes slavery, and throws
around it protecting sanction. But it is said in
reference to this constitution, in the first place,
that there ought to have been an enabling act, and
that the Territorial Legislature had no right to
call this convention.
Now, sir, let us look into that matter. When,
sir, did the author of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
and the leader of the forces in opposition to the
admission of Kansas, become a convert to the
doctrine that it is necessary that there should be
an enabling act in order to the admission ofa new
State into the Union ? Why, sir, if it is neces-
sary to have an enabling act, the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill is itself an enabling act. Now let me
read the language of that bill:
"It being the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any Territory or State, or to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the United States.'
Here, sir, was the enabling act, if one was neces-
sary. But Kansas is a portion of the territory
which we acquired from France. It is a part of
the Louisiana territory, and, by the treaty under
which we acquired it, Kansas has a right to be
admitted into the Union. Then, sir, two enabling
acts have been passed already for the people of
Kansas to form a State constitution; and, act-
ing under this authority, the people of Kansas,
through their Territorial Legislature, called a con-
vention to organize a State government.
But, sir, was it necessary that an enabling act
should be passed at all ? What has been the prac-
tice of the Government? Why, sir, seven out of
eighteen States, which have been admitted into
the Union since the foundation of the Government,
came in without an enabling act: Vermont, Maine,
Arkansas, Iowa, Tennessee, Michigan, Florida,
and California. In the case of Tennessee, a con-
vention was called, a constitution framed, and an
application was made to Congress for the admis-
sion of that State, without any enabling act, or
without any authority from Congress. And it is
a fact worthy of note that General Jackson himself
was a member of that convention, and that Gen-
eral Washington urged upon Congress the im-
portance of admitting Tennessee into the Union
without delay.
What were the facts in relation to California?
Acting under the authority of a military com-
mander, an election was held, and delegates chosen
to a convention to form a State constitution, when
no census had been taken, when no registry of j
votes had been made. The inhabitants of the Ter-;
ritory at the time, whether Mexicans, Chilians, j
Frenchmen, or Dutchmen, were allowed to march
up to the polls, and usurp the political sovereignty !
of that vast Territory. Thus it was that Califor- ■
nia, with its one thousand miles of sea-coast, its \
one hundred and fifty thousand square miles of 1
territory, its boundless resources, and vast treas-
ures, was forbidden to the South, and appropri-
ated for the purposes of free soil.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I desire to say
that Florida was admitted under a constitution
adopted by a convention some nine years before
its admission, by a people different from those in
the Territory at that time, and it was admitted
against the wishes and protests of the people of
the Territory at the time of its admission.
Mr. BARKSDALE. That is true, I believe.
Why, sir, it has not been the practice of the
Government to require an enabling act, nor was
an enabling act necessary in the case of Kansas.
But it is said, sir, that this constitution should
have been submitted to the vote of the people, and
that it is not their act because it was not so sub-
mitted. Sir, I would ask, have constitutions been
formed in this way alone, by the people of this
country in organizing States ? A portion of the
States nave submitted their constitutions to the
people after they were framed; but in eighteen
States of the Union the constitutions were not sub-
mitted. And why ? Because here the people do
not act en masse. They act through delegates
elected by themselves. Ours is a representative
government. The convention of Kansas embodied
the sovereignty of the people, carried out the will
of the people, spoke the voice of the people, and
was, in fact, the people'. The Constitution of
the United States was never submitted to a vote
of the people. The delegates to the convention
that framed that Constitution were not even elect-
ed by the people. They were appointed by the
Legislatures of the States. And after they had
finished their great work, it was indorsed and
ratified, not by the people at the ballot-box, but by
conventions of the States, acting for them in their
sovereign capacity. Vermont, Tennessee, Louisi-
ana, Mississippi, Alabama,Arkansas, Kentucky,
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, and Wisconsin,
were admitted into the Union with constitutions
that were not submitted to the people. Kentucky
f resented herself for admission into the Union
efore her constitution was formed or her con-
vention had met; and hence was admitted into the
Union without any constitution.
But, sir, while this constitution was not sub-
mitted as a whole to the people of Kansas, the only
question in dispute—that of slavery—was sub-
mitted. It was submitted to a vote of all the peo-
ple of Kansas. It was submitted, too, in such a
way as to secure a fair vote on that article of the
constitution. Now, sir, what do the gentlemen on
the other side of the House care about the school
question, or the bank question, or the internal
improvement question, in the Territory of Kan-
sas ? Has there been any agitation of these ques-
tions? I ask my friend from Illinois [Mr. Har-
ris] if he is interested in these questions in that
Territory ? The only question in dispute was the
slavery question; and that, I repeat, was submit-
ted to a vote of all the people in that Territory.
Now, I believe that that convention acted un-
wisely in submitting it to a vote of all the inhab-
itants. I believed that a residence of three or six
months should have been required as a qualifica-
tion for voting; but it was the province of the con-
vention to prescribe the qualifications of voters,
and they allowed all to vote who happened to be
there on the day of election, claiming to be res-
idents. If an individual arrived in that Territory
five minutes before the polls closed, and came up
with the sweat and dust of travel upon him, and
claimed to be a resident of Kansas, he was allowed
to vote on the question whether this slavery arti-
cle in the constitution should be retained or re-
jected.
Mr. CURTIS. The constitution says " inhab-
itants."
Mr. BARKSDALE. All were allowed to vote,
as I have already said. And what was the result?
More than six thousand votes were given to the
constitution with slavery, and but a few hundred
against it.
But it is said that the majority of the people of
that Territory did not vote. I do not know how
that may be. The right to vote was given them,
and every safeguard provided. If they desired
Kansas to be a free State, and did not so vote, that
is their own fault. But it is said that Kansas must
be rejected because a majority of the people are
opposed to it. How do we know that? Where
do you ascertain that factDo you find it m the
