2240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19.
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator fropi
Tennessee.
Mr. MASON". I have looked at the bill, and I
find that it has been before the Senate for more
than four months. It is one of a good deal of de-
tail, and a good deal of interest, and I should not
be satisfied to look into the subject at all until I
could have the opportunity of doing so with more
consideration than is allowed us by the mere pres-
entation of an amendment, which, I understand
from the Senator from Tennessee, is a substitute
for the second and fifth sections of the bill. I think
it would be better to pass the bill over, and let the
amendments be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The amend-
ments are not long; they are printed amendments;
they are only a slight variation from the sections
of the bill as they now stand, and I think they
can soon be disposed of.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow; and that
the amendments be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee. The amend-
ments 1 propose are printed. I understood that I
hud the-floor, and I gave way to the Senator from
Vermont to suggest an amendment.
Mr. MASON. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ator. I did not know that the amendments had
appeared in print. I thought they were now of-
fered for the first time. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. These amend-
ments can be agreed upon, and then we shall have
the bill before us in its perfected form.
The VICk PRESIDENT The question then
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment of the Senator from Ten-
nessee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the substitute offered by Mr. Johnson, of I
Tennessee, for the second section as amended,
was adopted. The substitute fur the fifth section
was also adopted.
Mr. CLINGAIAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the fitst section of the bill. It is, after
the word " entitled" in the fifih line, to insert:
—" to have issued to him by the Commissioner of Public
Land* a wauant foi one hutuhed and sixty a<-te^ ot land,
to be located m the same in,inner that undei which the
county land wan ant^ hetetoiore issued have been located on
any of the public hind^of the [rnitod State® -.ubiect to entry,
the applicant being required to make pioof in support of his
chum in ,sin-li mannei and undei such tegulauotisas ma\ be
picscribed by the tfecrtury of the fntenor "
So as to make the first section read:
That any peicon who h the head of a tamily and a cit-
izen of tile United relate*, -dial! be entitled to have i^ned
to htm or her by the (,'omini^Monet of ihe Public Lands a
warrant. See.
It will be seen that this is an important propo-
sition. It will give to every he.id of a family who
is a citizen of the United States a land warrant for
one hundred and sixty acres of public land. 1 am
not at this time in favor of the policy of surren-
dering the public lands in this way. I rather
think that, in the sttaitene d eircumstanccs of the
Government, they ought to be retained and held;
but, if they are to be given away, I think it obvi-
ously right to make,and every Senator will see the
importance of making, such a distribution of them
as is equitable and fair. The operation of my
amendment may be readily seen by an illustration:
probably m the State of North Carolna there is
not one man in twenty who will emigrate to the
new States to settle on a tract of public land; the
other nineteen are just as meritorious; they are
always ready to bear arms in defense of the Gov-
ernment; they pay taxes to support it, and they
have the same interest m the public lands, and the
same equitable tight to them as the people who
may go there. Now, with what propriety can I go
before my constituents,and say to them, "those
of you who may choose to emigrate to a new State
shall have the privilege of talcing up one hundred
and sixty acres of public property, which belongs
to all of you: and those of you who do not think
proper to emigrate, shall have none?"
It is obvious, therefore, that the effect of this
amendment will be to put ail citizens of the Uni-
ted States on the same footing; and it will be no
injury to those petsons whom the Senator from
Tennessee wishes to benefit. On the contrary it
will be more beneficial to them; for if I under-
stand the provisions of his bill he declares that
they must go on the land, remain there for five
years, and cultivate it. This is a hardship. Wc
all know that it frequently happens that a poor
man settles upon a piece of land, and before he
cultivates it for five years he wishes to go some-
where else. He may be disposed to give it up
on account of some misfortune; or perhaps, from
some inducement to emigrate to another place,
he is disposed to abandon the land. In that event,
under this bill, he would lose all his labor and
lose the title, whereas if my proposition prevails
he has his warrant; if he thinks proper to take
possession of the land and cultivate it, he has a
title at once; but if he emigrates he still may sell
the land to somebody else. There is this great
advantage in it: the citizens of the old States who
do not think proper to go may either realize the
money by the warrant, or they may retain it, and
when their children emigrate they may always
avail themselves of it.
I have another reason, Mr. President, for being
in favor of this amendment. The original bill, as
it stands, seems to be an inducement, an encour-
agement to men to emigrate into the new States.
I think all the States ought to stand on an equal
footing, and I do not see why you should tempt
my constituents, or those who live in your State,
sir, to go into a new State. I presume Kentucky
and North C*&ol£na are just as good as the new
States. VVhywot, then, give equal privileges to
everybody? If it is intended, as has been some-
times aigued, unuei this system, to encourage
industry by compelling men to work who do not
want to work, I would inquire of every Senator,
what right have we to compel American freemen
to work land if they do not wish to do it? I hold
that every citizen of the United States should be
free to do as he pleases: and the idea of obliging
men, before you give them title to property, to
perform this amount of labor, I think is certainly
unjust. I do not hold that we, as Senators or
members of Congress, or as a part of the Govern-
ment. have any light to say to our people: " You
are too lazy; we want to stimulate you to go off*
and get to work cutting down trees and culti-
vating land."
I think, therefore, every Senator will see, in a
moment's reflection, that if any such system as
this is to be adopted, an amendment like mine is
free from all these objections. In the first place,
it leaves all the States on an equal footing; it holds
out no unjust inducement to our people to engage
in a particular line of business which they may
not have a fancy for, and it puts those who may
choose to remain in their own States, and attend
to their business there, upon an equal footing. I
ask them if theie be anything more just, if this
system is to be adopted, than such a proposition
as thatp I hope the Senate will adopt it.
Mr. PUUl-I. It seems to me that my friend,
the Senator from North Carolina, misunderstands
the pnneijiie of the bill itself. I propose no gra-
tuity in voting for this bill; nothing of the sort. I
think it will appear, from the Congressional Globe,
that I said here two years ago that I believed the
woik and labor, paid at the oidinary wages, that
had been bestowed in the improvement of the
land, was worth more than the land itself. All
the millions of acres owned by the Government
of the United States are not worth a shilling—not.
one of them—until you put a man on them. No-
body will buy them; they are of no use. But, if
you bring all this vast unoccupied domain into
the occupation of the actual settler, the man who
will improve it; you will improve the revenues of
the country, because the revenue of this Govern-
ment, aftei all, is derived ftom duties—duties on
impoitcd articles. I consider that the man who
will go into the Territories, or unoccupied domain
of the United States, and cultivate one hundred
and sixty acres for five years, has earned thrice,
and more, the value of it.
Mr. CLINGAIAN. i will ask my friend (for
I beLcve he and myself agree in the general prin-
ciples of free trade,) if it is fo the advantage of
this man that he should go there, why not leave
him to decide on it for himself? It has been ar-
gued that you should induce men to manufacture
by holding out bounties or protection to them.
He and I belong to the party that say the people
are capable of judging what is their own interest,
and if they do not choose to embark in manufac-
tures, let us not impose any restriction to encour-
age them in doing so. I ask him if the same prin-
ciple does not no w apply. If it is to the advantage
of these persons to go Westand cultivate this land,
let them go and do it. If it is not, why shall we,
by depriving the Federal Government of this land,
hold out inducements to compel men to go there
when they would not otherwise be inclined to go.
Mr. PUGH. I say again, I propose neither
to drive them there nor to persuade them there.
I really think the prices at which the public lands
are held are too high altogether; and, as I said
before, I believe the man that goes upon the land
and actually cultivates it for five years, has earned
more than the value of the land itself; and I be-
lieve, to-day, that you may take all the real estate
of the State which I have the honor to represent,
and appraise itindependentof the improvements,
and it would not pay for the daily work, estimated
at ordinary farm wages, which has been bestowed
upon it since that country was first settled. I
think there never was such an error 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the gentleman will
see if that be the true view of it, instead of en-
couraging men to go there and do work by which
they will lose, he ought rather to discourage them.
Mr. PUGH. I do not encourage them to go
there for any benefit they will do themselves. I
think it is an absolute advantage to the whole
country; I think it is a great advantage that the
thousands of persons in the various cities, who
are living precariously, should go to some useful
industry, which would relieve the community
fiom the burden of their present maintenance.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will ask this furtlierques-
tion : is not my friend running into the same ar-
gument by which some persons insist that Gov-
ernment shall compel the people to be temperate,
to occupy themselves in industry, and not idle
their time? Do not all sumptuary and restrictive
laws rest on exactly the sort of argument my
friend uses, namely, that the people are neglect-
ing their interest and damaging themselves by
staying in the old States, and he wishes to induce
them to go abroad? Can he defend it on any prin-
ciple that will not cover the other cases to which
I have just alluded?
Mr. PUGH. I stated before, I do not propose
it for any great benefit they will do themselves.
I think it will be a benefit to the whole commu-
nity. I do not propose to compel a man to go to
the new States; but I simply say to every man in
the United States: if you are disposed to goon
the public domain and cultivate one hundred and
sixty acres of land, you shall have it. It is no
loss to us; for, as I said before, the land is wortn
nothing until the man goes there. Besides, I be-
lieve the bill is confined to the alternate sections,
and that certainly gives us all the advantage of
the railroad grant system.
Now, I ask the Senate of the United States what
good all this land will do us ? You are proposing
to donate vast tracts of it for a Pacific railroad.
Why, sir, you will never make a railroad until
the afternoon of the day of judgment by such a
system; but if you allow the country to be settled,
the railroad will be made by the parties inter-
ested. What do we want with the land? What
goodwill it do us? There is a bill on the table
from the House of Representatives granting mil-
lions on millions of acres for the endowment of
agricultural colleges. The public lands of the
Government have become a source of mere plun-
der for every scheme—endowing insane institu-
tions, endowing colleges, endowing literary insti-
tutes. If you give the land to actual settleis, you
are really benefiting the whole country, and you
are rendering more benefit to the cause of agricul-
ture than ten thousand such agricultural bills as
have been sent here from the House of Represent-
atives.
Air. POLK. Allow me to suggest to the Sen-
ator that as I have heard the sections of the bill
read, I do not think it requires any cultivation of
the land at all, but merely that the man shall re-
side there.
Air. PUGH. Five years. I think he will culti-
vate it it you require him to reside on it five years.
I think if you require him to remain on the tract,
and actually stop five years, you will insure a good
deal of cultivation; and that is practically what
the bill amounts to. It is only the principle of
your preemption law, except that you reduce the
price of the land.
Air. POLK. I suggest, if the object is that he
shall cultivate and improve the land, would it not
be better to require him in the act to do that thing?
Air. PUGH. I have no objection to that. That
