130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
paper currency was not then established, and
when, in that latter year, Treasury notes to the
amount of $36,263,000 were issued? Was that a
currency ? Did it go into the ordinary channels
of circulation, ana pass from hand to hand as
ordinary bank bills did ?
Again, these Treasury notes provide for the
payment of interest. Do your bank notes pro-
vide for the payment of interest ? Not at all. You
cannot get the principal even upon a bank note,
a large portion of the time, to say nothing about
the interest.
Mr. BANKS. I beg leave of the gentleman
from Virginia to say that the very feature which
he states as the distinguishing characteristic be-
tween a Treasury note and a bank bill has been
taken from bank bills, by special enactment.
Banks in this country have been prohibited from
allowing interest on their notes.
Mr. LETCHER. So much the worse.
Mr. BANKS. So much the better. Interest
gives them legs by which they walk off to the
distant parts^of the country. The difficulty with
banks is to get their bills out. They would be
glad to pay interest upon bank bills so that they
might walk off, and perhaps never come back.
But the United States gives to its paper money
that characteristic power to walk off so that under
this bill they may never come back again.
Between the paper money he proposes to issue,
and the paper money issued by the banks of the
country, there will be no difference, except as to
the degree of credit attached to the one and the
other. First, this Government money is incon-
vertible on demand; it is receivable for public
dues; the creditors of theGovernment are required
to take it for their dues—at their option I admit,
as to creditors. It is the same as to bank bills.
Creditors in no case are required by the law of
any State to accept bank bills in discharge of their
dues. It is left to the option of the creditors to
take this Government paper, it is true; but the
option comes to a man under such circumstances,
that it results in little less than that he may take
that or nothing. The creditor may have the right
to refuse the paper money; but if he does refuse,
he runs the risk of losing the favor of the Gov-
ernment. So he has the right to refuse a bank
note, and if he does, he incurs the risk of losing
the favor of those who issue it.
Mr. LETCHER. When the gentleman talks
about bank paper in the States not being a legal
tender, he knows that the .Legislatures of the
States have made it a virtual temkT, by declaring
that it shall be received in payment of State dues,
and paid out accordingly. There is not a State
in this Union, that has a bank system ingrafted
upon it, that does not receive these identical bank
notes, created under these State laws, in payment
of taxes, save the States of Arkansas and Missis-
sippi, which have no banks.
Now, sir, if this is a convertible currency, how
r'ues it happen, when the Congresses which 1 have
specified undertook to issue those notes from
J 837 to 1847, a period of ten years, to the amount
of #80,732,000, they never became a part of the
currency of the country ? Does he behove, at that
time, that these notes went into the country as
a circulating medium, and passed from h.uul to
hand ?
Then, sir, so far as the gentlemen on the oilier
side are concerned, their past practice, mid the
practice of the past party friends with whom they
are connected, and the Administrations they have
sustained, conclude them from this objection. My
own belief is, that if it were a bank, we should
hear a very different note from that sung oil this
occasion. The very fact of its being a bank would
recommend it to their consideration, while it
would array against it tiiose upon this side. It
is the very fact that it is not a bank; that it does
not possess the features of a bank; that it does
not issue the currency of a bank, that makes it
objectionable to them.
But I was glad to hear the gentlaman say that
so far as the Secretary of the Treasury was con-
cerned m regard to this stock matter, he believes
he has acted properly, and m accordance with
the requirements of the law. That was not his
complaint; but his complaint was against those
who passed the law under which he acted. I was
astonished to hear the Secretary of the Treasury
arraigned here upon that ground. At the time
when ruin seemed inevitable to all from the pres-
sure of the crisis, the Secretary, with the noble
spirit that became him, undertook, so far as lay
within his power, to relieve the distresses of the
country by an act which was within the range of
his constitutional authority—by the payment of
these stocks. Then it was that the whole country,
from the North to the South, rang with his
praises; and the press upon all sides, even the
party press, proclaimed that he had done a great
duty, and an act of kindness to the country; and
even just now, upon the 18th of this present
month, the National Intelligencer, the organ of
the Whig party in this city, came out in praise
of his efforts. Why is it, then, that he is ar-
raigned here now ? Is party feeling so strong, is
party prejudice so overwhelming, that what was
proper and right two months ago is not proper
and right now' No, sir; if it was right then, it
is right now; and I am glad to hear the gentle-
man from Massachusetts come out and accord to
the Secretary the meed of praise for what he has
done.
Mr. Chairman, I believe I have concluded what
I have to say upon this subject. There were
other thoughts that 1 intended to have presented
to the House; but in this running discussion be-
tween the gentleman from Massachusetts and
myself, my order of discussion has been some-
what deranged; and I now yield the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have,Mr. Chairman,sev-
eral objections to this bill, which I propose to
present, to the committee; but, lest I should for-
get it, as I have taken no notes of what the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] has said,
I want to allude, in the first place, to his remarks
in regard to the Secretary of the Treasury de-
serving the praise of the country for stepping in
so benevolently to relieve the distresses of the
land. I suppose,sir, that people must have been
sorely distressed when they had to be induced to
sell their Government obligations at a premium
of twenty per centum! 1 f they were in distress,
why were they not willing to bring in their notes
and receive their pur value for them? That is
the question; and I would like the gentleman to
answer it. The Secretary of the Treasury had to
present an inducement of from sixteen to twenty
per cent, premium to get the notes in to relieve
the distresses of these men, and, therefore, he is
to be made Piesident for his benevolence.
1 object, Mr. Chairman, in the first place, to the
movements ill regard to this bill, that it is pressed
with such hot and indecent hnsle. An attempt
has been mnde three or four times, if I remember
rightly, by the chairman of the Committee of
VVays and Means to screw us up to a vote upon
it under the previous question, without scrutiny
and without analyzing and sifting this measure—.
the most important measure, probably, that will
come before the House during the present ses-
sion.
A Mkmbkr. Except Kansas.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes; of course. I always
except the "peculiar institution" and its expan-
sion. That is the one paramount thing.
Now, sir, it looks a little suspicious that the
friends of this bill should be so urgent to bring it
to a vote under the parly drill, with which 1 have
no doubt they will secure its final passage. They
cannot let us discuss it. Will not they let us
have time to study and understand and present
the subject' I am glad that there is a little sea-
100m to-day.
Mr. .1. GLANCY JONES. Will the gentle- |
man allow me to ask him a question :
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Has the Secretary
of the Treasury paid out a single dollar at a pre-
mium, except in accordance with the law passed
by Congress ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no doubt that the
action of the Secretary was legal. I did not deny
that, Mr. Chairman. I simply met the eulogistic
assertion of the gentleman from Virginia, that it
was a beneficent movement towards those who
were in distress. I did not deny that it was in
accordance with law.
Mr. 3. GLANCY JONES. I understand the
gentleman to say, then, that all the Secretary has
done in this matter, has clearly been in obedience
to law.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not remember the par-
ticular terms of the law. I was not here when it
was passed. But I judge from hearing it read,
that his action was not contrary to law. The
matter was left optional with him, and, as I under-
stand, the Presidency dazzled him a little, and he
said to himself " Now, I will bless the country;?'
and he blessed it. I would like to be blessed in
that way too.
My first objection, Mr. Chairman, to this bill
is, that it is a deceptive bill. I do not say that
it is fraudulent, in the legal sense of the term, but
' I do say that it is a deceptive bill. It proposes
to do a certain thing, under concealment and dis-
guise. It professes to be one thing, when it is
really another thing. It will be called a loan,
but in reality it is converting the Government into
a great shinplaster machine, to flood the country
with an irredeemable currency, which has, as I
supposed, always been as the broth of abominable
things to the Democratic party, and which is so
to me now.
The gentleman from Virginia seemed surprised
that there were any members on this side of the
House m favor of a hard currency and against
banks. 1 will tell him how it has happened. I
presume he has read the Metamorphoses of Ovid,
and is familiar with them, and he will remem-
ber there a great many transmogiifications and
changes and transmigrations. Now, I will tell
him how this has happened. The real, genuine
soul of Democracy has left the party that bears
the name, and has come to animate the Repub-
lican party. It has left a soulless carcass in
the one place, and a youthful giant, animated
with the spirit of Jeffersonian Democracy, in the
other.
I was saying, sir, that this measure is a decep-
tive measure. It proposes to convert the Gov-
ernment into a great banking concern. And, sir,
I venture to say that the engravings for these
notes are already made. I venture to say that
the head of the venerable President is at one end
of the notes, and that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury will ornament and beautify the other end;
and as a motto, there will be traced on it m legi-
ble characters, "Thanks to the sub-Treasury, the
Government has not failed; we have not become
bankrupt; we pay specie."
Sir, if this Government has become bankrupt,
contrary to the declaration of the President, then
I say let us stand right up before the nation and
the world and own it; let us say we have failed;
and then if you want a loan to the extent of your
necessities, I will vote a loan: though while I
have my senses I never will vote for this bill.
If you want a loan. I will vote you a loan. Just
let the Secretary of the Treasury, if he needs a
loan, ask for a loan. Do the honest, plain, fvatik,
above-board thing; say the Government has
failed, and we must borrow money, and go into
New York and pledge the faith of the Govern-
ment. If that will not do, mortgage the Capitol,
and the other public buildings; and if that docs
not bring the coin, pledge the immaculate and
inviolate faith of the Democratic party, and the
gold will begin to move towards you. [Laughter.]
That would be the honest thing, sir. And what
will be the result? The result will be that you
can borrow this money, whether it be five, ten,
fifteen, or twenty million dollars that you need.
You can obtain it in New York. It is lying there
unused in the vaults. The credit of the nation
will bring it out. Go and advertise for it; and
you will get it. If you can get it for one per cent.,
do not give six percent, to save the country and
bless the poor people ill distress. If it requires
two per cent , give two, and so on up to six per
cent. Make the best bargain you can, and agree
to pay at a certain date, and then take that money
and put it into circulation through the country.
That is Democracy—genuine Democracy, I mean,
which is Republicanism now—and I will vote
for it.
1 object again because I do not perceive, at
present, the necessity for this loan. Why, even
the friends of the measuie say that they do not
know that they will be obliged to issue the amount.
It is a kind of contingency that they are contem-
plating. Gentlemen have said on this floor, and
I want the House to take notice of it, that they did
not know that there should be a single dollar of
this loan needed. Well, then, how can we per-
ceive the necessity of it, if its friends cannot? Why
do they not come forward and make a frank state-
ment here, and tell us why they want the money,
and for what they want the money, and just how
