THE CONGRESSI
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,
WASHINGTON, D.
<?•
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session. THURSDAY, MAY 20, 1858.
New Series No.
141.
is a mere verbal matter. My friend from Rhode
Island [Mr. Allen] calls my attention to the bill.
The word *< cultivate" is in it, in the second sec-
tion:
"Shall piove, by two credible witnesses, that he, she,
or they, have continued to reside upon and cultivate said
land, and still resides upon the same."
I was about to say—and it was only to guard
myself against misconstruction—that I do not
propose to vote for this bill on the ideaof gratuity
to the individual. I think, if lie goes upon that
land,resides there, and cultivates it for five years,
he lias earned the full value. I think it will be
for the public interest. I think it will redound to
the advantage of the revenues of the General Gov-
ernment? whether you estimate unon the princi-
ple of direct taxation, which would bring the land
itselt upon the tax list, or whether you estimate
upon the increase of the duties on imported goods.
I think it will encourage the cause of agriculture
far more than the bill for the endowment of col-
leges sent to us by the House of Representatives.
At present, the public lands are here a source
of plunder. We have granted millions on mil-
lions for the construction of railroads; and we
have not only debauched Congtess itself, but we
have debauched the Legislatures of many of the
States of the Union. It was only last evening that
I saw in one of the New York papers an abstract
of a report made to the Legislatmo of one of the
States as to the amount of pensions, gifts, and
bribes that had been given to the members of the
Legislature of a State to influence it in the distri-
bution of our bounty for railroad grants, by which
it appeared that an absolute majority of the mem-
bers of each House of the Legislature and of the
State officers had been bribed by promises of
stock and bonds of the company for the distribu-
tion of the lands. j
It is well known to the Senate that I have op- j
posed all the railroad grants without exception in j
the beginning, and that I am opposed to the agri- !
cultural bill that has come to us from the House of j
Representatives, and I am satisfied that the only 1
way to remedy the abuse of the public domain is :
to give it to the actual settler, i would rather give
it to him under a preemption law, or if thatis too ]
high, under a graduation law, but I am satisfied j
that it is not sufficient to correct the evil. I am j
willing' to give it to him for nothing, and there- j
fore I shall vote for this bill. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr President, ■
I was in hopes this bill would pass with little or
no opposition. The subject has been before the
country for a considerable length of time.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him. As he is going into the general
subject, I think it due to him and the occasion,
that we should hear him at an earlier hour in the
day. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, JSImj 10, 1S58.
The House met ateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Rogers.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS. j
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am instructed by i
the Committee of Elections to report back the j
memorial of H. P. Brooks, contesting the right
of H. Winter Davis to a seat upon this floor, j
and ask that the committee be discharged from its >
further consideration. _ _ !
While I am on the floor, I wish to give notice
that the reports in the Ohio contested-election case
are printed, and I propose calling up that case in
the House to-morrow.
The motion to discharge the committee from
the consideration of the memorial of H. P. Brooks
was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. BOYCE. I ask the. consent of the House
to present the report of the select committee on
141
the subject of the expenses of the Government for
the purpose of reference.
There being no objection, the report was re-
ceived, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that the report
on the tariff question?
Mr. BOYCE. It is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit the mo-
tion, that five thousand extra copies of that report
be punted.
The motion, under the rules, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. What is the regular
order of business this morning?
The SPEAKER. It is the consideration of the
repoit of the select committee on the Foit Snell-
ing investigation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Will that take pre-
cedence of a motion to call the committees for
reports ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
, * SLOO GRANT.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution;
which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolce<h That the Fie?ulent be, and he n requested, to
communicate to tins Hoiho, u not incompatible with the
public niteicf-t, all i!ic iiifoiumtion winch in.iv l>«  m the
po-^c-sionof the Governmental to the position ot the work
aoio-stlie Lthimnot Tohu.intepec. winch has been heieto-
loie pi adeemed under the J?loc> giant, and all the u^tiuc-
tion® which have hoietofoic been given by the Executive to
the Minister of the United States nl Mexico, touching, or
m anywise affecting, the operations of the said Sloo under
snd giant; and especially whether the Executive of the
United Statps has been privv to the annulling of the grant
to said SIao by decree of the Mexican Executive to that
effect; and that he luuher communicate to tins flou-.c
whether said grunt has pa-^ed into the ha.mU of other par-
ties under the advice or suggestion ot the Executive ot the
United States, or with any othei person connected there-
with, with the know ledge of tlie PiCMdent. If so, who the
said party is, and upon what terms the <iid paity has ac-
quned the c'airn, and s-uch inhumation as may be ;ri pos-
session of the E^eeutiv#1 as 10 the piosecntion ot said work
on the lsthmu->ofTchuaiiUjpccby tbatpait> sincetheohten-
sion of the s,,ud decree, am! ateo whether any mail contract
lias been gianted to the f-aui persons: by this Government
oi any Depaitment theieof, and if so, upon what beeunty
and authority.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to, and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickiws, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 312) to provide for the collection and safe-
keeping of the public archives m the State of Cal-
ifornia.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (S.
No. 230) for the admission of Oregon into the
Union, in which he asked the concurrence of the
House.
JOSEPH CLYMER.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the consent of the House
to submit a motion to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar from
the adverse report of the Cnu 't of Claims on the
case of Joseph Ciymer, and that it be referred to
the Committee of Claims. The report states that
the court has no jurisdiction in the case, leaving
it in the discretion of Congress. 1 hope there will
be no objection.
There being no objection; the Committee of the
Whole House was disehuiged from the further
consideration of the icport, and it was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
CORRECTION".
Mr. JGAYNARD. I rise to a personal expla-
nation. The matter is this: I notice in the Globe
of yesterday that I am not recorded as voting upon
the resolution for expelling the Doorkeeper. I
was present, and voted m the negative.
PRINTING OF AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. SINGLETON. I rise to a privileged
question. I submit from the Committee on Print-
ing the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the House
of Representatives two hundred thousand extra copies of
the rcpoi t of the Commi'sooner of Patents on agi iculture, for
1857, and ten thousand for the use of the Patent Office : Pro-
vided, That the ablegate number of pages contained in said
repoit shall not exceed live hundred ami sixty-eifrht. includ-
ing ten passes of ilhisfiations on wood : Jlndprovided further,
Tmu the entire amount of copy necessary to complete said
re^ott be placed in the hands of the Superintendent of Pub-
he Printing on or befoie the iiist day of August next.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to thatfeport.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no right
to object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if that report has been submitted to the House?
The SPEAKER. A portion of it has.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, sir, I am
opposed to printing one word more than has been
communicated to the House.
Mr. SINGLETON. I will make a very brief
explanation of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask whether this
report lias been ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When?
The SPEAKER. About a week ago.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, sir, I have
been watching this thing all along, and I have
seen nothing of it. X think it is time to stop the.
piinling of these documents which have not been
written, and that we might as well commence now.
Mr. SINGLETON. If I can have the atten- .
tion of the House for a short time, I will explain
this matter. I intend to make no long Speech
about it. The number which we have printed is
identically the same which has been printed of
the agricultural part of the Patent Office report
for some years past — two hundred thousand
copies.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Not more than two.
sessions. The number which was formerly printed
was one hundred thousand. The House at the
first or second session of the last Congress, I do
not recollect which, for the first time printed two
hundred thousand.
Mr. SINGLETON". Well, sir, I know it was
the case for several sessions back.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think it
went back of the first session of last Congress.
Mr. SINGLETON. I have to say further in
regard to the matter, that the Committee on Print-
ing have determined that there shall be no colored
plates m the agricultural report for the year 1857,
as there have been for several preceding years.
We have determined to dispense with these col-
ored plates entirely. This a saving to the Gov-
ernment of from forty to fifty thousand dollars.
We also provide that there shall only be ten pages
of wood cuts in that volume, the cost of which
will scarcely amount to anything. I think the
cost of those cuts will not average over twenty
dollars, and the placing of them in the volume will
cost no more than ordinary printing. The com-
mittee are of the opinion, notwithstanding the
gentleman from Tennessee differs from us, that
this is a work which should be continued for the
benefit of the agricultural interests of the coun-
try. We find that there is a great demand forthe
work; and, so far as my own experience is con-
cerned, I believe it has been a source of great ben-
efit to tho country, and has tended more to create
a spirit of emulation amongst the planters, and to
get up the formation of agricultural societies, than
anything which has ever been done by this body.-
The agricultural interest of the country is much
larger than any other, and the fanners and plant-
eis are, to all intents and purposes, the tax-pay-
ing part of the community. We very well know
that the producer is the man upon whom the taxes
for the support of this Government must eventu-
ally fall. And it does seem to me that, although •
the expense of this work may be considerable, it
is a good investment. The book wilNynot cost a
sum exceeding fifty or sixty cents per volume; and
