1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
much they want, so that we can vote understand-
ing on the subject?
But suppose the money is actually necessary,
which perhaps we must admit, is this the only
mode of raising it? Go sell half of the custom-
houses of the land, where the income does not
meet the expenses. Go to Pensacola, and all along
the coast, and do it. Go to the interior, where
officers were appointed to receive railroad iron,
away out on your inland rivers and lakes, so as
to save the importers from paying the duty for a
few months, till the iron was actually delivered to
them. These officials swarm over the country.
The railroads are now built, and the necessity for
these offices has ceased; but the officers are there,
and the salaries are there. Why not retrench?
Mr. Cobb's report struck me as if it was enough
to excite a smile upon a grave stone almost. Says
he, " the Government ought to practice retrench-
ment. The Government ought to economize."
Yes; I think so too.
Now, supposing the Government do retrench,
do economize; suppose we call in nine tenths or
ninety-nine hundredths of our foreign diplomatic
corps. Are they doing anything now? Have
they any business to negotiate ? As the gentleman
■who represents this Government, at Madrid is to
be removed, that place,forone, can be left vacant.
We will save something there. The probability
is that our Minister and Envoy Extraordinary
there, (and he was certainly a very extraordinary
envoy,) will be recalled, for I suppose there is
nothing to be done there, inasmuch as the de-
pleted state of the Treasury will prevent the pur-
chase of Cuba for the present. I do not know
what our Minister to St. Petersburg has to do
either. Rather than borrow, I think an individ-
ual ought to retrench. Rather than borrow, I
think a Government ought to retrench. I do not
know of any foreign nation where we require a
minister now, but one, and that is Great Britain.
Let us have consuls to look after the commercial
interests of the country, and after the interests of
our citizens who may be abroad; and let us cut
off all these ministers plenipotentiary. We will
save something in that way. I hope that my
friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] is as radical
on retrenchment as 1 am.
I say, therefore, I do not see the necessity of
this loan. I am not convinced yet that the amount
might not be saved by retrenchment. I under-
stood the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to state th*t he had, on the 1st of July,
$17,710,000, and that the collections for the quar-
ter ending September 30, were over twenty mil-
lions; making in all $38,500,000. Now, if he
collect $12,000,000 for the current quarter, which
is his estimate, lie will have bad $50,000,000 to
cover the expenses of six months. Is not that
enough? The income of the present fiscal year,
for six months, according to the estimates of the
Secretary of the Treasury himself, will amount
to about fifty million of Sollars—and this has
actually come into the Treasury. Are we going
to push the expenditures of the Government to
$100,000,000 ? I should like to know that. That
is a new way of retrenchment and economy.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The necessity for
tilis measure arises from the fact that, instead of
dutiable goods being withdrawn from the bonded
warehouses and the duties paid, they are still
kept in the warehouses. In consequence of con-
sumption having ceased, the Secretary has called
on Congress to give him the power to issue these
Treasury notes in the contingency of a continua-
tion of this state of things. Does the gentleman
not know that although estimates may be correct,
yet, in case goods are not withdrawn from the
warehouses, the duties are not paid into the
Treasury? And does be not know that there is
danger of a deficiency in less than a month from
this time ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I take the estimate of the
Secretary of the Treasury, as to what has al-
ready accrued and come into the Treasury; and
it amounts to $3S,500.000 up to the 30th of last
September, and now lit; wants to pile §20,000,000
more on that.
Another objection that I urge is to the amount
proposed to be raised. I would like to call the
attention of the House to this fact, that I have not
heard any gentleman urge anything that squinted
towards the necessity of this §20,000,000. They
do not know that a dollar will be wanted. And
yet they want to give the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the privilege of drawing for $20,000,000, more
than half enough to support the Government,
economically administered, during the entire fis-
cal year. I object, therefore, to the amount. I
want to propose an amendment to insert " six,"
in lieu of "twenty," in this first section. If I
understood the Secretary aright, he proposes to
issue $6,000,000 right off, on these plates that are
already waiting to have the stamp, and then he
propose^ to borrow the rest if he can. I move to
amend the first section of the bill, by striking out
the word "twenty,"and inserting in lieu thereof
the word "six."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment will take
precedence of the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the bill in the fifth
place, Mr. Chairman, because there is no mode
provided to repay this loan. It seems to be a matter
of common economy, that when a man runs in
debt lie shall have some idea of how he is to pay
it, if he means to be honest. There is no pro-
vision here, and no allusion to any mode of re-
paying this indebtedness. How is it going to be
done > The Secretary of the Treasury says that
this state of things is temporary; that this revul-
sion will pass away, and money will flow into the
Treasury, so that he can repay the debt. He
wants some seventy or eighty millions to carry on
the Government. Add to that this §20,000,000,
and you have $100,000,000. Does any sane man
belifcve that $50,000,000 will come into the Treas-
ury during the year? And how is the Government
to be carried on at the expense of $80,000,000,
and then this $20,000,000 additional to be paid?
I should like to know that. There is no way of
doing it. There is nothing more certain—and I
venture to predict it—than that the Secretary of
the Treasury will be here next winter asking a loan
of $40,000,000 at the close of that year. And soon
the Government will get used to it, and the peo-
ple will get used to it, and by-and-by it will slide
into a monster bank, compared with which, the
United States Bank was a mere pigmy. The little
finger of this movement will be thicker than the
loins of the United States Bank, although I rejoice
at the destruction of that institution.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I ask what are the esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury worth?
Not three months ago he was in the market, with
a surplus in the Treasury, purchasing United
States stocks at a premium of fifteen or twenty
per cent. And what was his opinion then ? That
the affairs of the Treasury would go on prosper-
ously and securely, as his own actions show in
the readiness with which he was prepared to pur-
chase the stocks of the Government at this high
rate of premium. What, I say, then, are the esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury worth,
looking at his conjectures for the future by those
in the past? I tell you that there will be nothing
in the Treasury with which to redeem these
.$20,000,000 of Treasury notes, and to enable the
Treasury to meet its current obligations, which
you now propose to authorize it to incur. I pro-
pose to further amend by adding, at the end of
the first section, the following:
Anil that thoie shall be <i l.t.x levied, in the mode pre-
scribed in tho Constitution, for the ledemption ot'the loan
lieiem provided for.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order at this time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I merely read it as a
part of my speech.
Mr. BliSHOP. I merely wish to ask a single
question. The gentleman states, as the ground for
offering his amendment to strike out $20,000,000
and insert $6,000,000, that there is really 110 ne-
cessity for a loan—that the Government will have
ample funds on hand to meet all its expenses.
a proper system of retrenchment were pursued
by the Government. But, sir, do you suppose
I ever dreamed that the Democrats of the pres-
ent Administration would practice retrenchment?
No, sir. I said tljere was no need of a loan if
proper retrenchment were carried out; .but not
that I thought there was any probability it would
be done. But, mark you, it is my honest con-
viction, that so far from being able to pay this
loan when it becomes due, we shall be asked for
another loan before the close of the present year.
And I might as well say, just here, that though
I would be ready to relieve the Government, and
to restore to its former prosperity tho whole coun-
try, and myself in particular, still I do not be-
lieve that any system of partial relief—any meas-
ure of empiriciSfn, will do it. We shall go to the
bottom, and we may as well gink and sink until
we reach the bottom, as to grasp and swim to try
to save ourselves before we touch the rock.
Sir, what is paper currency—irredeemable paper
currency? It is a falsehood. When a bank-bill
goes abroad in the country and, says, " I am
twenty dollars, or I am fifty dollars; I represent
so much specie," it is a falsehood upon its face.
It does not represent what it purports to repre-
sent. It often represents nothing. And when
we put forth paper currency or Treasury notes to
the world, purporting to represent so much specie
in the Treasury, or other places of deposit, when
the specie is not there, it is deceptive. It is like
the Credit Mobilier of Prance. It represents riot
j specie, but the credit of the country. And, if the
1 present Administration follows in the footsteps of
the last Administration for the next four years, I
do not think the crcditof the country will be worth
much. Sir, all these attempts to relieve these
commercial disasters, or to prevent them, by new
issues of irredeemable paper, are like the policy
of the man in Scripture, who built his house upon
the sand; and when the rams descended and the
floods came, and the winds blew and beat upon
that house, it fell. I tell you that all the cobweb
attempts to keep off the storm will be unavailing.
Your bark may sit calm and beautiful upon the
lalic while its waters remain unruffled, but when
the storm comes it will be capsized and will sink.
And so, when you undertake to build up national
prosperity, by means of a paper currency, which
does not represent dollar for dollar, and is not
convertible into specie, it will not stand. But,
sir, when you build it upon hard money, upon a
metallic currency,you have built your house upon
a rock, and it will stand the test of all the storms
that may beat upon it. Sir, I repeat that this
system of putting in circulation mere promises to
pay instead of the money itself, is always unsafe
and unsatisfactory. This kind of a currency is
always found wanting when we need the cash.
But I go further. I cannot vote for this bill
because I do not know what is to be done with
the money. 1 do not know where it is to go, or
for what it is to be paid out. I do not know"what
you are going to do with it,Mr. Secretary Cobb.
Are you going to pay your four regiments which
you propose to raise as a matter of retrenchment?
Are you going to pay for your ten war steamers
which you propose to have built as a measure of
economy ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will respond to
the gentleman with a great deal of pleasure. We
do not propose to pay any of this money except
in pursuance of existing law, and in pursuance
of appropriations made by Congress. If the Sec-
retary of the Treasury wishes to appropriate any
money in the way the gentleman mentions, he will
first have to get Congress to legislate upon the
subjcct. The Executive Departments of Gov-
ernment are only called upon to pay your debts,
and not theirs. They can only pay debts created
by Congress. They have no legislative power in
But now, in his second proposition, he says there >! this Government. Congress contracts the debts
will be no money in the Treasury with which to i! and the Executive, in accordance with his oath
pay this loan, and he proposes to resort to direct
taxation to meet the deficit. I should like to
know how he will go to work to reconcile these
conflicting statements.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. I reckon about as easily as
the gentleman from Connecticut and the gentle- ]
man from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] will reconcile ;
their views in reference to these notes. One says j
they will be currency; the other, that they will j
be a funded debt, and not pass into the currency. |
f stated that there was no necessity of a loan if I
!| of office,must execute the laws with fidelity, lhe
!' Secretary of the Treasury, therefore, only asks
j you to give him money to pay your debts, and
I not to pay one dollar that you have not ordered
| him to pay. I say to the gentleman, therefore,
I that the President asks you to give him money to
i pay your debts with, not one dollar of which will
| be paid except in accordance with the existing
laws tk this Government.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 do not wish to be under-
stood as intimating that any appropriation will
