1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
has since had an existence, and maintained this
Government till to-day—these States will go on to
cover a continent and a Cuba. I have had an abid-
ing confidence that this monstrous fraud would be
by Congress rejected, and I believe it to-day. It
has received the condemnation of some of the
oldest and ablest men upon this floor. The great
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
" Whose head is silvered o'er with ag< ,
And long experience makes him sago,"
has raised his gigantic arm, and struck it a most
fatal blow. Sir, was there ever a time in the his-
tory of this country, when a great emergency ex-
isted, that Kentucky had not men to meet it? The
distinguished Senutorfrom Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
has also wielded his battle-ax, and given it a fin-
ishing stroke. That gallant State, whether at
New Orleans, or elsewhere, has ahvays had a
representative to crush the enemies of the peo-
ple.
Sir, the time is not far distant when there wift
be peace in Kansasand in the country. The time
is not far distant when the people of the whole
Union will understand that such contrivances as
these, when presented to an American Congress,
cannot fail to receive most ignominious destruc-
tion. I congratulate Congress and the country that
that event is near at hand. If asked what is to be
done when you reject this deformity, I answer, in
the language of the Kansas act, leave the people
perfectly free to form and regulate their institu-
tions m the rown way. Sir, they arc doing it now.
This Legislature which lias been called so rebel-
lious has pursued the peaceful and only means of
piesentiug such a constitution here as embodies
the will of the people.
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate long
enough, { said to you m the outset, as I said m
December last, that I rose simply to use whatso-
ever of ability and power I possessed to secure to
the peopn: of Kansas that privilege which they,
alike with all others within our boiders, possessed
of framing a constitution embodying their will. I
said that the controversy was m defense of that
great princip'e, and I was willing to stake my rep-
utation upon its success. Gratified am I, then,
when I cun_congiatulate the country on so near
an approach to its complete success. In a few
dayy, we '-an herald to the people of this Union
that, ahhough feeble,few in numbers, butsteady
in purpose, the men in Kansas, whether for free
State or for slave Stale, have had their rights se-
cured to them in the legislative halls of the nation:
that Lecompton is dead, and the people of Kansas
are fiee. Sir, to have been a participant, how-
ever humble, in this great woik, is a sufficient
consolation to mo.
If the Senate will pardon m^ for a few mo-
ments, [ will Io>>k into a question that has been
Iwou^ht distinctly to the notice of the Senate by
the Senator from Ohio [Mi. Puon] and the Sen-
atoi fiom Indiana, [Mr. Hrioiit.] 1 read fiom my
speech to show that the Senator fiom Ohio was
entirely mistaken when he supposed that in De-
cember I consideied at all the effect of that pro-
"V isicn ofthe constitution of Kansas wlueh limits j
oi seeks to limit the right of ihe people to change |
it. I will tioubic the Senate hut for a few nam- j
vies to submit my views upon that question
I agrue, Mr. President, that there is fair ground
for (]"baic as to the effect of the limitation—that
is to say, whether it is a limitation until 1864, the
language being, that after 1S(>4 the constitution
may be changed in a manner theiem provided;
but I slate, as the inclination of my own mind, ji
that when a constitution piovides a mode of ]'
amendment as to time, place, and circumstance, I
its fair constiuction is to exclude all others. But
the argument of the Senatoi from Ohio does not
stop at that. Me says that no matter what may
be the limitations in a constitution, the people have
at nnyand oil times the right by h gal proceedings
to oveiturn it. To my mind, with great respect
for the opinion of the Senator, that position in-
volves a very great absurdity. If he will take the
giound that the people, without resort to legal
means, have the inherent right to do it, and con-
fine it to a revolutiouai y light, there will be some
consistency in his argument. But by what au-
thonty does a Legislature pass a law which is
prohibited 1 • v the constitution which broughtthem
into existence, and from which alone they possess
the power to legislate at all ? Can that question
be answered? I think not.
The Senator read from the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, which everybody knows was a group-
ing together of revolutionary rights, to prove the
existence of a legal and constitutional right. Mr.
Jefferson and his compeers there embodied those
: great revolutionary principles which, in their
judgment, authorized them to rise, and, by the
power of arms, to resist and throw off the power
of the British Government; and yet, a Senator, a
man learned in the law,reads from the Declaration
of those principles to prove an existing constitu-
tional ri«ht to be exercised under the forms of
law. Why, sir, we have always understood
that a law which violated the constitution of a
State was a nullity—was no law; and yet, it is
said that if the law seeks to overthrow the con-
stitution itself, then it is valid. Well, sir, that
would be an easy way of settling a controversy.
If, at any time, under any causes of excitement
in a State, there should be a controversy among
the people as to whether a gieat bank or any-
thing else should be established, and the minor-
ity of the people should point to the fact that the
constitution inhibited it, the majority could say,
" Very well; we will wipe it out.5' And yet it is
said by the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Hammond] that constitutions are made
to protect, minorities, which is true; although 1
cannot agree with his other conclusion that, there-
fore, minorities ought to make them.
The Senator from Ohio read (and I confess I
was amazed at it) from the gieat aigument of
Daniel Wubstei, made in the ithode Island case,
to prove this position. Without looking into the
casvj, a man would know that that could not he
true of him. Daniel Webster was arguing that
side of the casein Rhode Island which denied the
right to change the government; and to suppose
that in that argument he proved the contrary
would be to suppose what no man would ever
imagine who knew Daniel Webster. But on the
very page from which the Senatoi lead in that ai-
gument, Mr. Webster states his opinions dis-
tinctly:
" Ono pnueiple is that the people often limit their L'ov-
ernmcnt; another, that they oftmi hunt themselves. 'j hey
secure themselves against sudden changes by nieic m:qoi-
ice:--. Tiio ,">th nihele of the Constitution of the touted
Slater is a clear pioot of this.';
And yet the Senator declares that the people
hauj a liirht at all times, without rcgaid to itslim-
itauoiiK, to change their constitution, and he falls
into hi.- u-sc the gieat authority of Daniel Web-
ster to sustain that position. Sir, if any man in
the presence of Daniel Webster had uttered such
an idea as that, and he had turned that immense
bt-ui'i towauls bun, and given Inm one look of
thet immeiw c ye, he would have annihilated the
argument, if he did not annihilate the man who
uttered it. lie never enteitaincd any such no-
tions or opinions as those.
But, says the Senator, (and I mean to be short
on thu pn:nf,) we are the veriest usurpers upon
eauh ourselves if there is any necessity for sub-
mitting a constitution to a vote ofthe people, be- ;
cause ihe Constitution of the United States was !
never bo submitted. Now, sir, let us see how a |
plain t.i!', shall set the honoiable Senator right. !
The 7ih article ofthe Constitution says: j
'• Tne i.iMieai ten of the conventions of nine. States shall '
be <uflr ietit (o« the e-tablnhuient of this Constitution be- i
tween the  Srafe-> ratming the same."' ;
The Constitution itself provided that it should ;
be ratified by the conventions of the States, and i
a vole by the muss of the people would not have j
berji a compliance with its provisions. i
But the Senator says itis not necessary to have '
any constitution at ail in order to admit a State. !
Well, sir, 1 read that as a part of the proceedings
of a meet'ng in Tammany Hall, and when I took *
into consideration the place where it was uttered
and the man who uttered it, I confess that it did
not surprise me; but that here in the Senate of ,
the United States an honorable member, of the in-
telligence and ability of the Senator from Ohio,
should say that it is not necessary in introducing
a State into this Confederacy to have a written con- >
stitution, did surprise me. The Senator says that •
you are under an obligation by the Constitution .
itself to guaranty to each State in the Confederacy j
a republican form of government; and therefore ;
he says it is your duty, and your only duty, to see
that the constitution presented by the State asking
for admission is republican in its form. Well, sir,
if it is not written, how are you going to find it out?
That is the question. If itis nota written consti-
tution, and you are called upon to say whether it
is republican in its character or not, are you going
to send to John Calhoun and Jack Henderson to
take affidavits? Are you going to send outacon-
gressional roving commission to ascertain what it
is ? If you do, how long do you think you would
have to remain here to hear the evidence; and how
do you think that evidence would correspond
when you come to get it here ? Why, sir, with
tins Lecompton constitution written, there is a
very serious dispute as to its effect. I have con-
tended, and it has been contended by men as dis-
tinguished as any in this country—the present
Governor of Virginia contends—that patent upon
its face it is anti-republican, because it says that
the constitution shall be submitted to the people
for ratification or rejection, and that it shall take
effect only after that submission; and yet it sub-
mits it in such a manner that it is impossible it
can bo rejected. Well, sir, I agree with Governor
Wise that that is wholly and totally anti-repub-
lican. By a mere trick, a mere contrivance, to say
to the people, " we submit to you a question for
adoption or rejection, and yet fix it so that you
cannot reject if," is anti-republican; worse than
that, it is the trick of a knave.
I confess I was somewhat amazed at the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator on this branch of
the ease, lie took up the constitution of Minne-
sota, and he read there that when the people of
Minnesota voted upon the adoption or rejection
of their constitution, every man was bound to put
his vote upon the same ballot on which he voted
for State officers. Theie, he said, was a perfect an-
swer to the argument that there was any objection
to the Kansas constitution. In other words, ifyou
are defending a man for murder, it js a perfectly
good defense to show that another man has also
murdered, that you might have got two culprits
instead of one; and that is a sound argument, and
would be a perfect defense! When you come to
lookinto theMinnesotaconstitution.you find that
it was perfectly m the power of the people of
Minnesota to reject that constitution. All there
was about it was this: there were two parties in
Minnesota, as there are everywhere else; they
were voting for State officers, at the same time
they were voting upon the constitution; and the
members of the convention said, and .said wisely,
(if my opinion might be permitted ihere,) that
they would not have a separate ballot, with con-
stitution or no constitution, but they would have
it on the same ballot with that for officers. If
I a majority of the people of that Territory wanted
| to leject the constitution, there was no'thing m
] their way. In this Kansas election, however, it
was out of the power of the people to reject tho
constitution. ff only tlnee men voted for it, it
must be adopted; and yet the Senator, somewhat
with a look of triumph, brought this argument to
our consideration.
Now, sir, as to this idea of amending constitu-
tions, he amused and edified us for a long time
with ancient authorities to prove that the power
that makes the law, can unmake it. f-Je read us
a great deal of ancient Latin and mongrel French
to prove what he could have proven upon the ave-
nue any day by the first man, woman, or child
he met, that the legislative power that makes a
law can unmake it. There is no doubt about
that. We do it every day. Therefore, he says,
there is no difficulty in amending a constitution
any day, although the constitution itself says you
shall not do it. Now, let me test the Senator's
principle with reference to the Constitution of the
United Slates. The Constitution nt the United
States points out a mode of amendment. Does
any man protend that it can he amended in any
other way? Is theie a man in the United States
who dares stand up and sav that the Constitution
of the United States can be amended by a vote
of the people?
But, further, the Constitution of the United
States says that it shall never be amended so as
to affect the right of representation m this body
of each and every State. I commend to the con-
sideration of Senators here the question, are you
