2242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
there cannot be procured, that I am aware of, at
any bookstore, a work containing the same
amount of information for the planter for the same
money. I have much larger applications for this
work than I can answer. I find that not only the
wealthy planters, but the poor men are taking an
interest in it, and that it is creating that sort of
spirit of emulation amongst the planters which
has heretofore been wanting in the community.
I do not know that it is necessary for me to say
anything more in reference to this matter. It
seems to me that every man must be impressed
with the importance or printing the book; and if
we print at all, we should have at least two hun-
dred thousand copies of it. If you reduce that
number, you might as well dispense with its pub-
lication altogether. I presume that every man
has made up his mind on the subject, and I thex-e-
fore call for the previous question.
Mr. GARNETT. I hope the gentleman from
Mississippi,,wiU withdraw the previous question
for a moment, that I may say a few words.
Mr. SINGLETON. I cannot withdraw it for
any one.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, the House was divided. The Speaker
announced that the " ayes'* appeared to have it;
whereupon—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The House was divided on the call for the yeas
and nays; and there were—ayes 21, noes 111; j
when— !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I moved to Jay the
resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
make the motion, as the question had been taken.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I appeal from that
decision. I have rights here which I wish to have
protected. I made the motion before the result
of the vote was announced.
The SPEAKER. The question Is, "Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?" The precise state of facts is this:
the question was first taken by acclamation. The
Chair stated that the ayes appeared to have it; the
gentleman from Tennessee called for the yeas and
nays; the House refused the yeas and nays. The
gentleman then called for tellers on the yeas and
nays. The House refused the tellers. Then the
gentleman from Tennessee moved to lay the reso-
lution on the table. The vote had been previously
taken, and the Clmirannourieed the result, stating
it was too late for the gentleman from Tennessee
to make a motion to lay upon the table after the
House had determined byavoteto adopt there-
solution. From that decision of the Chair the
gentleman appeals.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois, moved to lay
the appeal on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the appeal was
laid on the table.
Mr. SINGLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the House, for the remaining days of this
week, at half pact (oui o'clock, p. m., do take a reeos until
half pact seven o'clock, p in., at which tune the Ilou^e
shall resolve itself mio a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union °encrcrthj, and lhat at such sittings ot the
committee no motion be m order, except that the committee
use.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think it would
be better, if we intend to adjourn in June, to agree
to the resolution, and have evening sessions for j
general debate. I trust, therefore, that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi will withdraw his ob-
jection.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. No, sir; 1 do not
withdraw it.*
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee,
recess.
I object to any
PORT SNELLING.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. Speaker, it will be remem-
bered by the House, that to-day has been set
apart for the purpose of taking up as the special
order the resolution of the committee appointed
to investigate the facts and circumstances con-
nected with the sale of Fort Snelhng. By agree-
ment of the committee it is now desired—and it
is hardly necessary that I should state the rea-
sons—that this order shall be postponed; and I
rise for the purpose of making the motion that
the special order be postponed until Wednesday
of next week.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF BOOKS BY CONGRESS.
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to call
the attention of the House this morning to cer-
tain resolutions that are embodied in report No.
378. Some time since the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Burnett] introduced a resolution ask-
ing the attention of the Committee on Printing to
the propriety of reducing the number of certain
works ordered by previous Congresses. This re-
port is in response to that resolution. It is short,
and I ask that it be read, and I shall ask for action
upon the resolutions accompanying it this morii-
'"mi-. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this a
privileged question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair unSontfands that
it is a report from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. NICHOLS. Yes, sir, it is a report made
in response to a resolution of the House.
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 ask the particular atten-
tion of gentlemen to the report, as we are about
to act upon it.
The Clcik read the report, as follows:
The Joint Committee on Printing, who weie instructed by
a resolution of the flotw oi Representatives of the 5th of
A pi j! last'• to infjuiie into the piopiiety ot suspending the
punting of any bi>oks> which mav have been ordered by any
pievious Congiets ; and it the pi inline: of any of said books
has heen commenced, that they impure how tar the woik
has piogiessed, ami whether it i^propei to discontinue their
publication, and pay tor the woik which may have been
done ; ami that they lepoit by bill or otherwise," icspect-
fully ask leave to submit the following report:
That they have carefully examined into the matters re-
ferred to them, and have found that al! the icpoiU ordeied
to be punted by (Jongiess. previous to the present session,
have eithci been completed, or are in such a state ot for-
wnidness that the .suspension of either of them would result
in the loss of much valuable iufotmation to the eountiv,
which has been collected at veiy gteat expense.
Then investigations, howevet, have 'ed them to the con-
clusion that, while they iccommend the completion of the
print nil? o( all the icpoi ts heretofoio ordered, the number of
copies? may be so reduced upon t-ome of the volumes not
ver punted a* to effect a veiy consideiable savins of the
public money, and, at the *-ame time, furnish a^ many copies
of each as will meet all the lequirements of the Govern-
ment and of the public.
The untiim hed woi ks are three in number ; as follows :
1. The Jlepvit of the result? of the United Slates Naval
Astronomical Expedition to Chili, oidcred to be printed at
the fir.-t session ot the Thirty-Thud Confess. This woik
will compute six volume.-*; four of which aie printed, and
the punting ot the rem.uninir two is piogressmg simulta-
neously. The number of extra copies being small—one
thousand foi the Senate and two thousand fot the House—
the saving of expense to he effected hy ic^cinding the reso-
lutions to ptnit them would be so ineonMdeiable that the
committee do not deem it expedient to recommend any in-
terference with existing oider*.
2. Reports of Krplorations and Surveys to ascertain the
most practicable and economical route for a railroad from
the Mississippi riccr to the lJacijic ocean. These repoits
will make twelve large quai to volumes, (including one vol-
ume ot chails,) elaborately illustrated. The Senate has
ordered the printing of twelve thousand four hundred copies,
and the House eleven thousand five hundied and twenty
copies. The pinning of emht volume® ha- been completed ;
the ninth and tenth have beenneail.v fun-shed; the eleventh
(comprising the nan at lve of Govcmoi StevenOs expedition)
has not yet been commenced, nor the copy furnis-hed, and
the printing ot the twelfth, beinjr the volume of chart?, has
not yet been commenced, though the whole expose ofeu-
giaving the-stj charts on coppet. amounting to about fot ty-
five thousand dollar, has been mcmied. inasmuch as the
volume compiling the nauauve of Governor Stevens's ex-
pedition will not be prepaied in time to commence the print-
ing piovious to the next sc=sjon ot ('onirress. and as a disposi-
tion is mannered to emfail nil experuhtuies in reference to
this woik that can with propnety be made, your committee
submit a resolution heiewifh which dispenses with the pub-
lication of tin-, volume until Congie.-s shall otherwise direct.
The cost of this volume is estimated at $103,000.
The committee also recommend that the number of
copies of the volume of charts be reduced fiom twenty-three
thousand rime bundled and twenty to three thousaiftl nine
hundred and twenty copies, which will give the usual num-
ber of copies for the two Houses of Congiess, five hundied
copies for the use of the War Depaitnient, and fifty copies
heietofore ordered by the Senate to each of the officers com-
manding expeditions. This will effect a saving of upwards
of eighty thousand dollars. Should the wants of the Gov-
ernment hereafter require an additional number of these
charts, they could be piocured at small expense, as the
piates from which they are printed are the property of Con-
gress, and will be pie erved for future use.
3. Report of tke United States Connrci^loner to survey the
boundary line between the United States and the Republic of
Mexico,'ordered to be printed at the first session of the
Thiity- Fourth Congress. This report comprises two vol-
umes, the first of which has been completed. Of the second
volume, the Senate has ordered the punting of two thou-
sand extra copies; and, if the order of the House to print
the report included al&o the punting of the second volume
or appendix, there are required for the House ten thousand
extia copies. This volume will contain about five hundied
pages of text, and two hundred and eighty-two pages of
illustrations; and its estimated cost is $107,000. The en-
graved plates for this volume have all been contracted for,
utider the authority of the Seeietaryof the Intenor. and aie
nearly completed.
As the number of copies oidered appears to be more than
the public interest requires, the committees recommend that
it be reduced to one thousand extra copies for the Senate,
and three thousand for the House, thereby effecting a saving
of about sixty thousand dollars.
There are also six large index maps engraved on copper ;
but as they are not intended to be bound in either of the
volume* of the repot t,and as there appeals to be no general
uiteiest attached to them, it is recommended that they he
tinned over to the Secretaiy of the Interior, who could have
copies printed from ume to time, as the public uiteiest
might require.
The amount required to complete the printing'and bind-
ing of these repoits, with the illustrations, is estimated at
$0-13,423. To stop all of them at present would effect an
apparent saving of piobably lour hundred thousand dollars ;
but fins would cut off entirely the fourth and fifth volumes
of tiie astionouiical lepoit, four volumes of the Pacific
railroad icporta, and the second volume of the Mexican
boundary report, and would render wholly valueless printed
and engiaved matter, winch has either been paid foi or yet
to be paid for, amounting to moie than half a million ot dol-
lars; much of which, doubtless, is absolutely neee«-:ary for
the uses of Government, and all of which is valuable or in-
teresting lo the public. If,howevei, the leeoimnendations
of the eomm'ttee meet the approbation of Congie-!?, I lie sum
of ."$306,000 will complete all the ieports in jedueed num-
bers, (though it is believed sufficiently large fot all neces-
sary purposes,) and a .saving theiehy effected of about thiee
hundred and tint ty thousand dollar.-.
The committee, theiefore, recommend the adoption of the
following resolutions :
Rcsolt ed, That the resolution of the House of Repiesent-
atives of the 14th Febiuary, 1855, directing the punting of
ten thousand extra copies of the reports of the expioiations
and surveys to ascertain the most piacticable and econom-
ical route for a laihoad from the Mississippi uvei to the Pa-
cific ocean, be so f,u modified as that no extia copies of the
volume of chaifs be punted for distribution bv the members
of this House ; and that the pinning of the volume com-
puting the nuuative of the expedition undei Governor Ste-
vens, be suspended until the further o«d«r of the IIou^c.
Resolved, That the resolution of this Llou-e of 15th Au-
gust, 1850, which duects the printing of ten thousand extia
copies of the repoit of Major Emory on the Mexican bound-
aiy sin vev, be &o far modified as to authotizc tiie printing
of three thousand extia copies, for distnbution by the mem-
bers of this Honse, of the second volume or appendix to said
repoit.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire simply to state 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio if ho intends to call the pre-
vious question upon the resolution?
Mr. NICHOLS. That is my intention.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 hope the gentle-
man will do so.
Mi. WALBRJ DCrE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to go on without in-
terruption if I can, and I say it with no disre-
spect to any member of the House. I will yield
to the gentleman to propound a question.
Mr. WALBRIDGrE. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to offer an amendment to his resolution? .
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to make my own
statementin reference to this matter. I will allow
the gentleman to indicate to the House his amend-
ment hereafter, and then decide whether I will
| withdraw the previous question to admit it.
j Wherever a woik has not been commenced,
! wherever no contracts have been let, wherever no
, obligation has been incurred on the part of the
•j Government under the orders of previous Con-
; gross, we strike the work all down. If is our in-
j tention to do so, and I call the attention of the
, House to one single fact in regard to the Pacific
I railroad.
I Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
| Mr. NICHOLS. I beg- the gentleman to un-
' derstund that I wish to dispose of this question
i without interruption to the other business of the
I House". I think I shall anticipate the gentleman's
question before 1 get through. I say that where
1 ever no liability has been incurred, we seek to cut
off the work, fo stop it here, and to save expense,
j But we recommend the continuance of most of the
I work that has progressed so far towards comple-
