180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
prepared to admit a doctrine which, carried out,
will give to a majority of the people, or a ma-
jority of the States of this Union, the right to
take /rom the small States the equality of repre-
sentation in this body? 1 have heard some men
say that could not be done, because this Consti-
tution is a compact, it is an agreement. Well,
sir, did it ever occur to you that a constitution is
above an agreement? A constitution is that form
of organized society which ranks all others. If
a constitution prescribes that a certain amend-
ment shall never be made—like this provision of
the Constitution of the United States, that an
amendment shall never be made to it to deprive
the small States of the equality of representation
in this body—I ask, is there any other power on
earth to change it? I think not. It would require
the consent of every State to be thus affected, or
it cannot be done. Why? Not becausc it is a
compact; not because it is an agreement; but be-
cause it is an inhibition in the Constitution itself,
and because that instrumentitselfdeclares itsown
intent and effect; which is, that it is supreme
within its sphere above alt other constitutions and
laws. As i said upon a former occasion, I do not
refer to this provision in the constitution of Kan-
sas for the purpose of discussing its validity, at
all. I mean that provision of the constitution
which prohibits any change of it to affect slave
property. I declared at the time that I did it for
the purpose of showing the intended fraud upon j
the people; the attempt to do what it was unjust j
to do: that is, to take from them forever all con- j
trol over that or any other question of State !
policy. j
Rut the Senator thought, he had found another 1
very specious argument in the language of that
constitution. I should not have referred to it, but
for the fact that the Senator really undertook to
ridicule the view I or anybody else took. lie
seemed to think it a most ridiculous thing that
anybody should suppose for an instant that that
provision of the constitution of Kansas had any
validity or force; and he said this is the principle:
the constitution of Kansas simply intends to sny
that the slaves who are now in Kansas shall con-
tinue to remain in that condition as long as they
live, but that there shall be no effect upon their
issue. Now, Mr. President, let us see whose ar-
gument ought to be ridiculed, the Senator's or
mine. Here is the constitution of Kansas, estab-
lishing slavery, as we all agree; it is in that form
befoio us, it. piovides a means and a time for its
own amendment, but it declares that no amend-
ment shall over bo made winch shall interfere
with the  i^'.it of property in slaves. Now, I ask
the Senator from Ohio, what is the right of prop-
erty in slaves? Does he tell hie that it is only to
them while they live? Is that the only right, to
property in slaves? Does not the rj^ht of prop-
erty in slaves give to the owner the right of prop-
erty in their progeny.'' Does any man deny that?
Mr. BAYARD. I do.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Delaware
says he does. Well, sir, I shall hear him, when
he explains that question, with interest 1 know
his ability; no man respects or admires it more
than I do, as I trust my honorable friend knows;
but with this constitution adopted, if the right of
property in slaves in Kansas is limited to their
lifetime, then it will beadoctnno new to me, and
will only add another reason why there never
should have been any wish on the part of south-
ern guntlcnmn to have it adopted. Most eom-
pletelyand fully do I agree that there is admtnic-
tion between the right of a State to emancipate a
slave,and to declare that his progeny born there-
after shall be fiec. That is a distinction well de-
fined, cleaily understood; but you must declare
that intention in unmistakable terms. Yon must
limit the light. You must say that the right to
property in slaves shall be limited to their own
existence, and shall not extend to their progeny;
but when you say the reveise of that, when you
say that the right to property in slaves shall in
no manner be affected, then you declare its per-
manency as long as issue shall he born.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
has placed in my hands, and 1 recollect itveiy
well, the first section in this article upon slavery,
in which it is declared:
" The right of property and higher than any con-
stitutional sanction ; and the right of the owner of a slave to
such slave and us mciease is the same, and as inviolable as
the right of the owner of any property whatever."
Adopt that constitution; let that be the organic
law of Kansas, and couple with it the other dec-
laration that it shall never be amended so as in
anywise to affect the right of property in slaves;
and I should like to know if it does not cover their
increase ?
There is one other topic to which I ask the at-
tention of the Senate for a moment, and that is
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio. It is
in these words:
" Sec.— Andbc it farther enacted, That the admission of
the States of Minnesota and Kansas into the Union, by this
act, shall never be &o construed as to deny, limit,or otherwise
impair, the right of the people of the said States, with the
assent of their Legislatures, severaJly, at all umes, to alter,
reform, or abolish their form of government, in feuch man-
ner as ihev may think proper, so that the same be still repub-
lican, and ui accordance with the Constitution of the United
States."
I call the attention of the Senate to that amend-
ment for two reasons. In the first place, if that
amendment is to have any operation at all upon
the constitution of Kansas or Minnesota, then I
want to ask the President and the friends of this
measureifitisnotintervention? I want to know
of them i f it is notintcrvcntion initsmost obnox-
ious form that Congress by any power of its own
can undertake to say what shall be the limitations
contained m a State constitution ? I commend that
to the consideiation of those States who think they
are in a minority in this Confederacy. I commend
to the Senators and Representatives from those
States, are you prepared to say to-day that Con-
gress possesses the power to pass a law to clothe
your people with a right of action different from
your State constitution ? I say if it is anything
U is intervention in its most obnoxious form.
But, sir, we are gravely told by the honorable
Senator who presented it, that it is notanything.
lie tells you that he has been groping away back,
beginning at the very dasvn of Christianity, to
prove that the amendment which he has intro-
duced does not amount to anythingat all. I think
he has been completely successful. I think he
has proven, beyond the power of contradiction,
that nothing in an act admitting a State into the
Union should be, or can be, construed to impair
the right of the people to change their constitu-
tion. He nnghtjust as well have said, nor shall
it impair their right to plow before or after the
1st day of April. There is nothing in the law
of Congress which proposes to impair or limit
tjiat right. 11. simply admits them into the Union.
It does not profess to say a word—it could not
say an effective word if it did—as to the right of
that people to change their constitution. The ex-
tent of the power of Congress under the United
States' Constitution is to admit the State. The
Senator says, <kif I am asked why I presented this
nothing here, I will tell you, sir:' it is to put down
clamor;' " in other words,441 have looked aiound
among my compeers in this body; I have come
to the conclusion that they do not know what the
meaning of this law which we are about to pass is.
1 have eonel tided that they are o mere set of infants.
They have some vague notion that the people of
that Terntory, when they come to be admitted
under thisconstitution, may be hampered m their
legitimate rights to amend it; butitjssuehacon-
fuwed notion that they do not comprehend its
meaning; and I have a little sugar pill here—it
does not amount to anything, it is not anything
—but to stoptheirclamorous mouths, I am going
to drop that pill on their tongues and let them
swallow it." So far as I am concerned, I am pro-
foundly obliged to the Senator for the very great
labor he has been at to pioduce nothing. It
amounts to nothing, and for that reason I shall
vote against lus amendment* If it is anything, I
am against it. If it is not anything, it shall not
receive my attention and vote.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Bp.Knii,] vviili 1 confess some words and
some manner which I thought not exactly proper,
has advocated the dortime, not only of the Sen-
ator from Olno, hut lie has proclaimed here to the
Senate of the United States, and to the country,
that he is opposed to the submission of constitu-
tions to the people atall. I will consider first his
reasons; and, m the next place, his doctrine. I
had heard it said by others, that there was no dis-
tinction between submitting a State law and sub-
mitting a State constitution to the vote of the peo-
ple. Why, sir, the constitution of a State, which
brings into existence the legislative body, points
out expressly, and defines accurately, how the
legislative authority of a State shall be exercised.
When a bill is introduced into one House, passed
by a majority, goes through the same proceedings
in the other, and receives the sanction of the Gov-
ernor, the people, in their constitution, have de-
clared that it shall then be the law. They de-
clared, in that same constitution, that the legisla-
tive authority of the State shall consist of a House
of Representatives and a Senate, to be clccted by
the people. The legislative authority of the State,
therefore, rests in that Legislature, and nowhere
else. Hence, I have contended, when these ques-
tions have arisen in the course of legal investiga-
tion, that for the Legislature to submit a law to
a vote of the people at large, and make its exist-
ence or non-existence depend upon that vote, is
unconstitutional. That is my belief to-day; and
I agree with the Senator from Indiana, when he
says that that is the better legal authority this
day of the country; and those are the reasons.
The people have taken away the legislative power
from themselves en ma se, and have deposited it
in a legislative body created by the constitution,
and that is the only body that can exorcise legis-
lative power.
But, sir, a constitution (that instrument which
the people, being unable to make en masse,appoint
delegates to draw up and to be submitted to their
inspection and adoption) rests upon an entirely
different principle. It rests upon the principle by
which you employ on agent or attorney to make
out your deed. You do notcmpower him to ex-
ecute it. He has only to make it out, to put it
in form, and snbmitit to your inspection. And,
upon this point, sir, let me show what was the
policy and reasoning of the Admiuistiation, ao
stated in their organ, the Washington Union, in
June and July last. June 26th, the following ar-
ticle appeared in that paper:
" When the delegates thus chosen shall have completed
the business for which they shall have assembled, to wit:
the foimanon of a constitution, there will leinam hut one
question for further division and distiaction, and that ques-
tion will be: Is the constitution thu  formed and approved
by the people of Kansas, and does it relied then will on the
question, not only of slavery, but upon all otheis? If it
doe?, everyone will say that with that constitution, whether
slave, liee, or silent oil that point, she should be admitted
as a State, if it does not, then no one will pieiend lot a
moment that a constitution condemned by a n):>jniit> of the
people should be forced upon them, no matter undct what
founs and by what authority adopted Giaiitmg the correct-
ness of the proposition j lift stated, we ask how can that (act,
so important to be known, be ascertained ? We will not say
that there is no other mode of ascertaining it, but we will say
that the most satisfactoiv and conclusive evidence that the
constitution is approved by the people, wi 1 tie the ivilifica-
tion ot it by them at the polls. To tho>e who object to the
submission of the constitution to the people foi l.uifieation,
wc piopound the inquiry : Aie yon w ilhng to abide the de-
cision of the bona fide citizens of Kansas ? \Vc put the 111-
quny, because, upon looking into the complaints of those
who oppose this comse, we discover what appeais to be an
unwillingness to tubnnt to tho decision that a niajouty of
the citizens of Kansas may pionounee. To that eia<> of
fault-fnideis wc have no argument to offer. Om reasoning
is addressed alone to the advocates and defender of the
gieat principle of the Knn<as bill—to tho-e \\ ho intend, in
good faith, to stand by their piineiples, whether it woiks
out a favotdble oi unfavorable result to their petsonal views
and wishes."
And on the 15th of July the following:
" But there is another and suonger reason for the sub-
mission. The delegates aie meie agents for framing a writ-
ten mstiument. To make their act conclusive would be
constituting them the masters instead ot the seivants of
their putieipals.
" No piudent business man confers an nrevocable power
: of attorney v\hete he letaind an inteiest. In the hu-mess
ofhl'e no intelligent man consents to be bound bv a wnttcn
! ills trumcnt, piepaied even by his trusted legal advisei. with-
' out reading and subsequent approval. The puncipal bpn
1 knows what he wishes, and, when completed, he alone can
! telJ whether Ins intentions have been 1 ulIy complied with.
| Under the Kansas taw, the delegates, as agents oi the peo-
i pie, are simply clothed with power to prepaie a draft of a
, constitution, but they are not authoiiml to say that their
i principals shall be hound by what they do. The agent can
exercise no personal views of his own, but is bound to con-
■ foim tothewi^hosof his principal. No conscientiou-.igent
will hesitate or refuse, wnen he can do so, to submit his
: doings to his principal before attempting to bind him by his
■ acts. Such an aiient would natauilly desiie the pievious
' opptoval of what he had done, if right; and if wrong, to
allow the principal an opportunity of coireetion be.oie be-
coming finally hound. If the ptessiire of cncuiestanees
ha< , in rare instances, oceasioncd a different piecedent, it
isceitain that none exist in Kansas which authorize, and
much leFfl demand, that such precedents be followed. Tha
