1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
ing free-State men asked or desired was a perfect
registry and an lionestclcction. Though the ma-
jority of the people, they claimed only equal
rights with their opponents—one man of each
party to fill up the registiy, and make the census
complete. The probate judgo, the very officer and
the only one authorized by the law to correct the
census, to add to it the names of the citizens_ thus
mutually ascertained byachosen representative of
tho two contending parties in each precinct, and
cach party to have one half of the election judges.
What could have been fairer, if an honest, unfet-
tered expression of all the legal voters of Kansas
was really desiied? And even if the requirement
in the election law for three election judges for-
bade their equal division, and the addition of one
to each election board was considered impractica-
ble, the completion and filling up of the registry,
which was to be the test of the eiectivc franchise,
was perfectly attainable, for the election was not
to be held for fifty-three days afterwards.
It is well known in Kansas that Governor Stan-
ton was struck, as he might well have been, with
the fairness and justice of this proffer, and prom-
ised them a reply in writing. This, to the
language of the President in arguing this very
point, <{ was the propitious moment for settling
all difficulties in Kansas." But when Governor
Stanton returned to Lecompton, nnd consulted
with the men there who had taken such pains thus
far to stifle the honest expression of the popular
will so as to perpetuate their ill-gotten power,
they insisted on its refusal; and five days after-
wards he replied m an argumentative letter, de-
clining to interpose his authority, without which
the plan had no prospect of accomplishment. And
a month later, the apportionment was made; that
apportionment which Governor Stanton has so
frankly declared he would have utterly refused to
proclaim, if lie had then known what he has since
learned, the base plot of the engineers of this gi-
gantic fraud. I do not allude to tins refusal to
arraign the conduct of Governor Stanton, much
as it is to be regretted, but to show that U was the
furthest thing possible from the wish of the en-
slavers of Kansas, who were then his only coun- i
sulcus, to allow even a single fair opportunity of ,
voting to be given, in the whole procession of,
events, which culminated in the Lecompton con-
stitution. And in full view of this fact, is it not
extraordinary, to say the least, that a committee
in the other end of the Capitol, who knew of this
correspondence, as they quoted copiously from
Governor Stanton's reply to this proffer, should
use the following language afterwards in their
report:
'•The people liavjnsr, by a direct vote,ordetod the calling
ofa convention to foim a coiirtituuon, the abolition u«ita
tots and dir-uuli"!-- refused to vote at the election of irpin-
bcis of,SiiuJ convention, and I hen, after an obstinate refusal,
mi o<i an ou;ei> that the convention u.is unjustly consti-
tuted iiirwmicn a- they wue not rcpieseufd th<;iei:« ''—
&'mute Jlcj'/ort. p. H.
And this same idea is even more offensively
repeated in a subsequent part of th^ report:
" ?o, nj:un, when the memhois of The conventso-j were
elected, the %dbolitioni$ts shrunk from the coim't. >o, also,
when the question i-.onc up wheihcr there should ot should
not he a clause jetaitied in the constitution allowingts.ivcry
to he estahlUherl in Kiiiwtyffmjcrsuinsbnnkfiomthccw-
test, conscious of then wea'cw^, or liom sinister political
design. "— Senate Repot t. p 10.
The election was held; but during its pendency,
Democratic meetings resolved and reresolved and
promised over and over again that the constitution
when formed should be submitted for ratification
or rejection to a full vote of the people. Numer-
ous candidates for delegates, including the man
who walks the streets ol this city, with thcentire
and despotic power in his own hands, of deciding
who shall be the Governor, State ofiiceis, and
.Legislature of the new State of Kansas, solemnly
pledged themselves to the same action, and de-
clared that the rumored intention to withhold the
constitution from the popular verdict was all a
Republican lie. Governor Walker and Governor
Stanton traversed the Territory, reiterating the
pledge that the people should have the opportu-
nity of deciding for or against the organic law,
under which they were to live, before it should be
submitted to Congress. And the following ex-
tract from the instructions of the Administration
to Governoi Walker was presented to the people
of Kansas as a voucher more solemn and sacred
than any other which could possibly be given:
" When such coastitution --hall he submitted to the peo-
ple of the Territory,they mustbe protected in the exercise
of their ri^ht of voting for or against that instrument,
and the fair expression of ike popular will must not be in-
terrupted by fraud or violence.'3
I look in vain in the President's Lecompton mes-
sage for this most important point in the history
which he has written for our instruction, of the
constitution which he presses upon us for adop-
tion. But the people, who regard presidential
pledges as of too much importance and solemnity
to be castaside,likeactors'robcs, after they have
accomplished theiv purpose, find in this, which I
have quoted, the following points, which Presi-
dents, Senators, Representatives, or organs can-
not write down:
1. That on March 30,1857, the President of the
United States regarded a submission of tlr  con-
stitution to a popular vote as a " right."
2. That this " right"extended to " votingFOR
or against that instrument. ?'
3. That to "interrupt" '' the fair expression
of the popular will" is nothing less than k 'fraud. "
, I appeal, therefore, from the Lecompton mes-
! sage to the presidential instructions to his Exeo-
I utive in Kansas—from the James Buchanan of
Moich, 1858, to the James Buchanan of M\rch,
, 1S57; and I have no fears of the popular verdict
; on that appeal.
: I pass rapidly over the subsequent history.
, Tne delegates elected by an aggregate vote, not
I equcl to a common county in all, assemble atLe-
■ compton and adjourn over till after the election of
i October, 1857. For the first time in Kansas a fair
; election was held. The free-State men swept the
' Held; and though the old game of fraud was played
! to the last, by forged returns, which, if admitted,
1 would have continued the legislative power of the
j Territory in the hands of the reckhv; men whom
j the people, by an overwhelming; v^t*, hod repudi-
' ated, the convention reassembhd with a full and
' unmistakable knowledge of the rctunl will of the
j people whom (hey pretended to represent. I m-
j tend to speak hereafter of some of the details of
j the instrument they framed; but I wish to devote
! this part of my remarks to the history of the elcc-
; tions, by virtue of which this constitution is now
j here, and which the President eulogizes as so
i fairly conducted that it would be impossible for
I the people to have proceeded more regularly in
\ this work. Instead of either framing their con-
| stitution in accordance with the known will of the
1 people who were to live undent, or submitting it
! when framed to their adoption or rejection, they
i outraged their own pledges—the pledges ofthccx-
I ecutivo officers in Kansas, which thev heard made
! to the people without dissent—and the pledges of
; the President, by submitting it "/or the constitu-
! lion with slavery,"' or " for the constitution with
j no slavery;" and fettering even this restricted
ij choice by the extraordmai v provision that no one
I; should be allowed to vote at all unless he was wiil-
: ing to tako an oath to supuort the yet unadopted
II constitution under the pains and pmaities of per-
,;j jury. I must quote here again from the Presi-
! tient:
'-The question of slnveiy w.v< Hibmuted to an election
i; of the people of Kan^a-, on the 21ft December last, in oi<e-
| dience to the mandate of the constitution. Here a< am a
. | Jair opportunity was psesemcd to the adherents of the To-
> i pek.i consiitulion, u' they were the m.gouty, to decide tilts
• i excitmsi question £ in thoirown way/ nnd thus lestore pence
i; to the di^tiaetedTerritory ; but tney az-un refused to exei-
11 cise then light ot popular suveieigniy. and again suffered the
election to pass by default." "They did
• I not think proper to submit the whole of thus constitution to
;' a popular vote; but they did submit the question whether
I; Kansas should be a fiee or a siave State to the people."
The President must have read the Lecompton
' constitution; and have seen there that ccen if
"constitution with no slavery" was adopted. it
was still expressly enacted in the schedule that,
, notwithstanding that vote, " the right of property
insiav.-s now in this Territory shall in no manner
ho interfered with"—(Section seven of schedule;)
I and again, in section fourteen of schedule, that ;
'■ whatever amendments may hereafter be adopted ;
: to the constitution, " r.o alteration shall ever be
!! made to affect the rights of property in the owner- •
!i ship of slaves." And yet, thoush he argues, with ;
apparent gratification, that " Ivansas is, at this
moment, as much a slave State as Geoigia or
' South Carolina," he declares (even in full view
1! of these provisions in the Kansas constitution,
li winch every voter who approached the ballot-box
i j was compelled to ratify if he voted at all, and swear
to Support besides) that the convention fairly sub-
mitted to the people the question whether Kan-
sas should be a free or a slave State! "
An important point must not be omitted in this
rapid review: that no instance exists, during our
entire history as a nation, that I can find by the
most diligent search, where a special clause of a
new constitution was submitted to a popular vote,
that the whole instrument was not also submitted
to the same ordtal at the same time. And the
reason is, that nowhere else in this whole land
have the framers ofa constitution sought or de-
sired to impose it upon a people against their well-
i known hatred and detestation of its provisions.
Where constitutions, in previous generations,
have notbeen submitted to the people, it has been
where the assent to then- principles on the part
of the people has been well known and undeni-
able. This Lecompton fraud is, I rejoice to say,
;i the first instance of the kind in our country, and
ij I trust that it will be so utterly repudiated that it
will be the last. My views in regard to the ex-
:i tension of slavery are known to my fellow-mern-
bers, and need not be repeated: for this is not a
question whether Africans are to be slaves, but
|l whether freemen, of your own race and color,are
|| to be made the serfs of the Lecompton usurpers:
! i whether, in a word, the majority of the people of
Kansas have any rights that Congress is bound to
respect.
Resuming this almost completed history of Kan-
sas elections, 1 must quote a remarkable admis-
sion of the President, where he is speaking of the
future power of the people to amend the constitu-
tion—an admission which destroys his whole
case, utterly and irretrievably:
"The will of the majority is supreme and irresistible v/lirn
expressed m an orderly and lawful mrtnner. They ean make
! and unmake constitution* at pleasure. It would be absurd
to s.\v that tlier can impose fetters upon then own power
whieh they e innot alYenvardy remove."—Lecompton Mes-
sage, p. 7.
Tito President's whole argument, previous to
this admission, was that the Legislature, having
passed an act calling a constitutional convention,
had thereby surrendered to that body all power
over the instrument they were commissioned tu
make; but I meet him on this new ground that
he has taken, and ask, in his own language, if it
is not<e absurd to say that they can impose fettem
upon their own power which they cannot after-
wards remove'" What are the facts? Before
any vote was taken upon the constitution—before,
by"its own terms, it had gone into effect, or pos-
sessed the slightest vitality—for, by section six-
teen of the schedule, it was " to be in force, from
and afier its ratification by the people as herein-
before piovided"—the same legislative authority
which called it into existence, convened and or-
dered a vote of the people for or against its adop-
tion; and, on the 4th of January, a majority of
ten thousand of the people of Kansas branded it
with an indignant repudiation. If their previous"
action, therefore, had been construed to impose-
any " f«tters"upon the people, their action before
the convention's election on the 21st of December
removed these fetters, and enabled the people to
speak their will unmistakably.
But again: if a Legislature of the people, after
a constitution has been adopted, ratified, and eon-
firmed, both at home and by Congress and the
Executive, have then the power to proceed, con-
trary to the terms of the instrument itsejf, in the
necessary steps to amend or overthrow it, as the
President argues " the Legislature already elected
may, at its very first session," proceed to do, m
! it not extraordinary that they have not this some
, power before it has'gone iolo force at all r Is not
I this position, to use the President's expressive
language, "absurd?''
Put I have still another point to make, on this
, head, which will leave the President and hio friends
1 no room to escape from the position he has taken
above. They may say the* the language is that
" the will of the majority " must be " expressed
; in an orderly and lawful manner;" and that the
' election of the 4th of January does not comply
with this condition. The President, in his mes-
; sage, though refusing, as he did also in his in-
, structions to Governor Denver, to recognize its
| result as material, says, " it was peaceably con-
ducted, vndr.r my instructionsBut still more
< conclusive is the following extrsct from the in-
srruetions to Governor Denver, which were dated
December 11, 1857, ten days before there had
i been any voting on the constitution at all, in fun
