1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
view of the fact that a bill would probably be
passed by-the Legislature authorizing the people
to vote for or against it. Speaking of the Gov-
ernor's duty, the instructions say:
" It extends, or* course, to the protection of all citizens
m the exercise of their iu t lights, and applies to one legal
ciectioii as well as to an >thcr The Territorial Legislaiure
doubtless convened on tiie 7th instant, and while it remains
in session its members are entitled to be secure and free m
th^ir deliberations. Unrightful action mustalt-o be respected.
Should it authorize an election by the people for any purpose, ]
ihis election should be held without interruption, no less than i
those authorized by the convention. While the peace of !
the Territory is preserved and the freedom of election is |
secure, there need be no fear of disastrous consequences."
* "* * * " From whatever quarter it is at- i
tempfd to interfere by violence with the elections author- ;
ized by the constitutional convention, or mhi^h maifhe an- \
tkorued by the Legislature, the attempt must be resisted, :
and the security of the elections maintained."
Whatever, therefore, the President may argue
as to the inefficacy of that vote, these instruc-
tions recognize it as a " LEGAL ELECTION," as a
"just right" of the people, as "rightful action
by the Legislature," and as entitled to precisely
the same protection as the elections authoiized by
the convention. And this being conceded by the
President, I contend that that election is decisive
of " the will of the mnjority;" that th.U will has 1
been "expressed in an orderly and lawful man- j
ner;"that the people, whom the President says ;
" can make or unmake constitutions at pleasure," t
have decidedly unmade, this one at an election 1
" peaceably conductcd under the President's m- 1
structions;" and that if they ever did "impose '
tetters upon their own power," by authorizing
this convention to meet, it is " absuid" to say i
that they " cannot afterwards remove" them, as 1
they have done so decisively by repudiating the
convention's work.
I must, before passing to another point, expose
the absolute and emphatic contradiction, on a vital
point, of the two champions m of this
Lecompton constitution. I allude «o the authois
of the senatorial report fioni the Commute*' on
Territories, and the yet undelivered House report
from the srlect Kansas committee, as published
by its author, Mr. STErntA^, of Georgia, in the .
Union. It is in regard to the right and power of
the Legislature calling the convention, to restrict
its authority, or to stipulate, in advance, that
their work should be submitted to the popular
vote.
Says Senator Green, Snys Mr. Stephens,
of Missouri, in his re- of Georgia, in his report
port, speaking of the from the select commit-1
failure to requite the tee of the House:
submission of the con- wniQ L0«i-taiurp did call ■
stitution: a < ouveniuni. They could
« I, T U*«Tr could ,oTe ,« ple:
,1,roct tho convent,,,,, what Thu, lvil, a m;lU(,r rJr ,lmr
:icy should do on one sub- 0K ,, c b , b ,
Ji-ct, It mi?Ut wall equal pro- ... , „ ' *
pacty have given commands
on nil oilier subjects. This
would have been a llagiant
violation or all rules of njjht
and ot'justice to the people."
I would respectfully suggest that, before these
champions of convention omnipotence go before
the people on this issue, they should revise their
reports so as to male 5 them agree instead of an-
tagonizing on this essentui tjiieshoji; and settle
the point, whether a condition that a constitution
should be submitted to the people whu are to
live under it, would or would not be a Ihgrant
violation of all rules of right and of jusifc to the
people."
The next question which confronts us in the
discussion of this question is, wi>cth< r the consti-
tution is " republican in form," The report of
the Senate's Committee on Territories, on page
10, after discussing tho slavery clause, says:
" No ical or valid exception can tie taken to any other
part of the constitution. On this subject President Buch-
anan h.i> well wkI, lit lu-> mesh.i^e:
4 In fact, the general provision* of our reeynt State con-
stitution*, after an cxpei urnce of eighty \e.ii?, are so similar
and so excellent, that it would be difficult to go far wrong |
at tne present day m framing a new constitution.' " j
Yes, Mr. Buchanan; but if there is one pro- ]
vision, more than another, in our recent State !
constitutions, in which there has been a universal !
concurrence of sentiment, it has been in theirsub-'
mission to the people. All parties, all sections,
r.il States, have agreed noon th.w "excellent"
provision. Though in the earlier days of the Re-
public, when the public sentiment was unequiv-
ocal, State constitutions were aliowed to go into
operation, by general consent and universal ac-
quiescence, yet, for over twenty years, no consti-
tution has gone into operation, m any new State
or old, without having been submitted to the or-
deal of a popular ratification or rejection. This
forms the only exception, during the presentgeu-
eration; and the following reason, very frankly
given by the President, on page 4 of his Lecomp-
ton message, does not strike me as either " ex-
cellent" or truly Democratic:
" Had the whole Lecompton constitution beci • ubmiffe.d
to the people, the adherent of tins [the Topekaj oiganiza-
tion would doubtless have voted against it.-"
But, sir, besides the fact that the constitution
is not really republican, because it does not rep-
resent the actual and well-known will of the peo-
ple, I dissent from the senatorial report, in its
assumption that " no real or valid exception can
be taken to any other part of the constitution,"
besides its provisions in favor of perpetual and
irrepealable slavery.
And first, the constitution flatly contradicts it-
self on a most essential point. In section one, of
article seven, itis declared that " the right of prop-
erty is before and higher than any constitutional
sanction"—a new higher law; while section two,
article twelve, authorizes even a soulless corpora-
tion to tnke and pay for pnvate pioperty, even
against the con-sent of the owner, if a jury, which
is nsujlly rather inferior in power to a constitu-
tion, only consents.
And secondly, those sagacious constitution-
makers, in thcirdeep interest for the people,enact
in section five of article twelve, that no bank bill
shall go into force unless it is submitted to a vote
of the people, after its passage by the Legislature,
and shall be fmnroved by a majority of tiie elect-
ors voting at such elections, while they them-
selves lefnse to submit their own woik, binding
up though it does all the institutions, the legisla-
tion, and the interests of the people, to this test
which they command heieai'ter, on a single ques-
tion. Such gross and shameless inconsistency
cannot receive the sanction of my vote. To be
consistent with then idea of a " fair submission,
tiiey should have provided that the Legislature
should oider a vote " for banks with branches,"
and " lor banks without branches," and exclude
all votes of anti-bank men by requiring the voters
to swear fejity io the banks before they could be
allowed to choose between the two.
And thirdly, a single word in this constitution
indicates tho anhnu'} of its frarners. The Consti-
tution of the United States allows the writ, of ha-
beas corpus to be suspended only " in cases of re-
bellion or invasion;" but the Kansas constitution
(section fourteen, bill of rights) authorizes it to
be suspended " m cases of rebellion, insurrection,
or invasion." Tho unconstitutional addition of
that single word, " insurrection," so eapoble of
latitudmous construction, becomes doubly signifi-
cant when we remember what these same men
have considered " msui rections" during the past
four years. And section twelve allows them also
to dispense with grand jones or impeachments,
even in capital or infamous offenses, "• in cases of
rebellion. i;ii v.rrcctlon, or invasion." With the
habeas corpi'.<^ indsctmcnts, and impeachments, all
brushed ami!", they can indeed be "a. iaw unto
themselves,ynd become the irresponsible and
unrestricted Robespunres of the State.
And foint'i'im full viewof the fact that, before
the consulcturn wa--' framed, or even fairly com-
menced, the i-'op'e, bv a vote six times greater
than tha t bv wis1 eh tie"1 delegates had been chosen,
had elected a Legislature, v. Inch, by the act of
Congress, onoioved by the PrefiJcnt, iwd been
clothed with fud power of legislation on oil right-
ful subjects, ilvv at^mptcu to legi^afo through
their constitution, oven before its ratification oy
Congress, and   t; Miimel and r^met the legal
power and autho'Py of a iegish-'v-: body, whose
commissions sosang from as 'Huh an authority,
at least, as thens, Thry debate, in section two
of the schedule, that all laws then m force shall
continur in full force until the State Legislature,
to be elected under the con^^toti^n, should assem-
ble. Such arrogance is in fit unison with the con-
duct of the reckless men who framed this instru-
ment in open, undisguised contempt of the known
will of Kansas, and who a; k us >o force it down
the throats of tlr. people y seel: to punish by
its adoption, ijut tnere is an object in this, and
it was to prevent the repeal or amendment of that
atrocious code which for years this usurpation
had been vainly striving to enforce on the people
of Kansas. Some of Tts features i quote from a
speech 1 had the honor of delivering during the
last Congress; and those who vote to ratify this
rejected constitution, give their willing suffrages
to also maintain and uphold those laws which the
constitution so jealously preserves fiom amend-
ment or repeal:
UI will now invite your attention to acnnrnuthi thep^ial
code of this Territoiy, singular m its c'ia: :;ctui, to say the
very least. Section five of the act punishuisj olTense- again&t
slave propeiu", page 604, enacts as follows:
u ; If any puir-oii shall aid or ubbLt in enticing,di'covunj,
or persuading, or eai ryni" away, or sending out oi tins Ter-
utoiy, any ^lave belonging to another, with ritent to pio-
eure'or effect the lieedom ol Mich t-live.oi with intern to
dcptive the owner thereof of the scivieerf of tueii slave, lie
piuil be adiudeed guilty of grand iaiceny, and oil conviction
tnereof's/ia/i sujjcr death, or be imprisoned at hard laboi for
not less than ten years.'
"•A person who, by a pro-slavery packed jury, is eonvictcd
of aiduij* in persuading out of the Tciritoiy a blave bPlonjr-
ir.c to another, is to suffer at least twice as severe a penalty
a > he who is convicted of committing the vilc*t outrage that
the imnd of man can conceive of on the poison of your wife,
sister, or daughter! Nay, the contract ks slill stionger. The
jury, m the fir^t instance, aie auihonzed even to inflict the
puriichnient oUleath—in the latter, fee page 2LI8, the penalty
is < uotle^ than five yoai*.' Sueh is the contract in Kansas
between tho piotection of a wife's or daughters lionnrand
han|)uu^*«, aad that which is tlnown a-s a piotecuiig angisJ
over ilie propeity of the vlnwholiler!
u Again, oa page 208, you will find that t'le ruffian who
commits nmhcious mayhem, that i-, "aiilio.it provoi anon,
knocks you d(i\N;n m the street, cuts oil >oui no3c and cars,
and plucks out your eyes, is punis>iied 4 not lesstlian five
noi nioie than ten j-ears:' the some deniee of punishment
that is meted out in section beven of the above act, page
605, on a per-oti who should aid, or assist, or even £ haibor/
an escaped ^lave 1"
u On page 500, you will find thftf the man who sits at your
bed^ule, when you ate prostrated bv dtseas-e, and, taking
advantage of join confidence and helplessnes-s, administers
poison to von. but whereby death doe, not happen to ensue,
is to be punished 'not less than five nor more than ten
jeai-V though it is minder in the lieait, if not the deed.
And this i- piccisely the j-ame penalty tN tiiat pic^cnbed by
the eleventh .sction (quoted m my icmaiks above on the
five violations of the Constitution) a^Miii^t one who but
bring-into ihe Teimory anv bonk, paper, ot handbill con-
taimngany * senuiri°nt' {calculated,-* in the eves ol a pro-
slaveiy juty, to make slaves ' di-oidoily.J ri'Jic man who
takes into tho Tci.itoiy Jelter^on's ' No:e- o-j ^'ngima1 can
be. under this law, hurried away to the chain gang, and
manacled, aim to arm, with the murderous poisoner.
On page *210, the Kidnapping and confinement ot a fiee
white pcihon, for any purpose, even, if a man, to pell him
into slavcrv, or, if a woman, for a still baser pmpose, is to
be punished ' not exceeding ten year*.* Decoying and en-
tiling away a child nndet twelve ycais of age fiom its
parents, ' not less than si^ months, and not exceeding five
>ear-\' Rut decoying and enticing (niaik the similarnyof
the language !) a slave trorn hisma^ei is punished by death
oi confinement not less than ten j'eau. Here is the sec-
tion, page 6J4:
"• • Slc.4. If any person shall entice, decov, or cairy awav
out f>( this Teiniory, any >dave belonging to another, wall
intent to deprive the owner thereof ot the semens of«Mnh
slave, or with intent to effeet or procure the fieerloin of
such slave, lie t-hall be ad nidged guiltvof giand Iaiceny, and,
on conviction thereof, shall sit/i'cr pi?atii, or be imprisoned
at hard labor for not less than ten yeanS "
And fifthly, this constitution > section three, ar-
ticle ten, expressly empowers the Legislature,
besides poll taxes, income taxes, and uniform tax-
ation on property of all kinds, to levy additional
taxes on " all persons pursuing any occupation,
trade, or profession.'' Under tins, the gentleman
or the sluggard, who is too wealthy or too lazy
to work, is to be exempt from this tax on indus-
try, while the mechanic,the laborer,the manufac-
! turer—in a word, the men who earn their hvieo-
by the sweat of their brow—are to pay a tax for
so doing, ovcrand above all the other taxes which
they share in common with their fellow-citizens
of every degree. Before I will vote to ratilV <-r
indorse so shameless nnd insulting a discumina-
tion against the free laborers and working men of
Kansas, mv tongu5 shall polsy in my mouth. L'.t
gentlemen on the other side, who insist that we
cannot, look behind the constitution to see how it
was formed or adopted, shut then eyes, if they
can, to this unrepubhean provision which stares
on them from its face.
iVor is this all. The Lecorupton delegates e >-
peored as anxious to rob the United States «.f
their lands in the Territory as thev had the people
of Kansas of their rights. And they have Pent
us an ordinance declaring that, to induce the new
State to yield the right Mie claims of taxing the
unsold Government lands within her hordo.-s,
four sections out of each township, instead oi the
! usual number of one, must be given her tvr
j schools; ail the salt, gold, silver,and i<_ad mines;
i seventy-two sections for a college, and an enor-
