183
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
clauses of that opinion, to show both the terms
of the act upon which the opinion was given, and
the conclusion at which the Attorney General ar-
rived; and shall then endeavor to show there is a
broad distinction in the delegation of power be-
tween the authority delegated by the United States
to the people of the Territory of Arkansas, and
that which is delegated to the Territory and peo-
ple of Kansas by the Kansas-Nebraska act. in
the " Opinions of the Attorney General," volume
2, page 728, on "The right of Territories to be-
come States," this is the language of Mr. Butlers
"The act providing for the government of the Territory
of Missouri, approved June 4, 1812, and which is adopted
in tlie laws relating to Arkansas as defining the poweis of
the legislative department, declares 1 that the General As-
sembly shall have power to make laws m all en*es, both
civil and criminal, fori he good governmentol the people of
said Territory, not repugnant to, or inconsistent with, the
Constitution and laws of the United States.5 "
This gives the language of the act establishing
aterritorialgovernm^ntforArkansas. The con-
clusion at which the Attorney General anived
upon the authority delegated in such terms, is to
be found at page 732, and it is:
" No law has yet been passed hy Congress which either
expressly or impliedly gives to the people of Arkansas the
authority to foun a'Suue government. For the ioa-ons
above stated, I am, therefore, of opinion that the inhabit-
ants of that Territory have not, at present, and thai they
cannot acquire, otherwise than hy an act of Congie^, the
right to form Mich a government."
Now, Mr. President, what are the provisions
of the Kansas-Nebraska act* The delegation of
power to the Territorial Legislature of Arkansas
was that they might make all laws, both civil and
criminal, for the good government of thepeople of
the Territory, not repugnant to, or inconsistent
with, the Constitution of the United States. "When
the Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed, every one
knows that the great object of extending the pow-
ers of the Territorial Legislature was that the
agitating question ofslavery might be withdrawn
from the Halls of Congress. It may have failed
in effecting that object, but the failure docs not
alter or affect the intent and construction of the
law. The Kansas-Nebraska bill, in the nine-
teenth section, after describing the boundaries of
the Territory of Kansas^, provides that the Ter-
ritory withii) those boundaries is " hereby crea-
ted into a temporary government, by the name
of the Territory of Kansas; and when admitted
as a State or States, said Territory, or any por-
tion of the same, shall be leccived into the Union,
with or withoutslavery, as their constitution may
prescribe at the time of their admission.M Sec-
tion twenty-two, in conferring legislative power,
gives it in the bioadest language that is possible
to be employed. It provides that " the legisla-
tive power and authority of said Teriitorv." not
for any particular purpose; notconfmed asm the
case of Arkansas, but " the legislative power
and authority of said Territory shall be vested
in the Governor and a Legislative Assembly.1"
Then insertion twenty-four comes the limitation,
44 that the legislative power of the Tei ritoi y shall
extend to all rightful subjects of legislation con-
sistent with the Constitution of the United Stales
and ihe provisions of this act." The act then
specifies three exceptions; that there shall be no
law passed by the Territorial Legislature, inter-
fering with the primary disposal of the soil; that
no tax shall be imposed upon the property of the
United Slates; and that no greater tax shall be
imposed upon the property of non-i csidents than
on the property of residents. These are the only
exceptions, other than those imposed by the Fed-
eral Constitution.
On all legal reasoning, with a general grant of
legislative power over ali rightful subjects of legis-
lation, inasmuch as this Territory was formed for
the purpose of becoming a future State, is there
not an implied power to take the preparatory steps
for a Sute organization 5 The authority to make
a State is twofold : first the people of a State foi m-
ing a State constitution, which ive have no right
to piesei ibe or form for them; and next, the con-
sent of Congress to the admission of that State
into the Union. Is there not under this law full
authority given to the people of Kansas, under
territorial legislation, to prepare and form a State
constitution ~with a view to admission into the
Union with the consent of Congress ? Congress
did not ielr^a'.e the pnw to f.umc into the Union,
because that would be an infraction of the Fed-
eral Constitution, and the grant of legislative
power is subject to the Constitution. The ad-
mission into the Union must be an act in pra>-
senti—an act of Congress, no matter what its
form. The admission, or the recognition, or con-
sent of Congress, if you so please, must be an act
in prcvscnti after the State constitution has been
formed. Is there any restriction, then, in the gen-
eral grant of legislative power, which prohibits
what the people of Kansas havfe done ? Is there
the remotest lesemblance or analogy to be drawn
from the Arkansas case as to the intent of Con-
gress to authorize the Legislature of the Terri-
tory of Kansas to provide for holding an elec-
tion at which the will of one of these authorities
necessary to form a State was to determine
whether it would form a State constitution 5 The
authority of the Territorial Legislature to ascer-
tain by election the will of the people of Kansas,
comes within the general grant of legislative
power: and most certainly it cannotbe contended
that a general grant of power may not, by neces-
sary implication, convey authority as fully as an
express grant of the particular power in question;
and in reference to the Kansas bill, the expression
of the exceptions out of the general grant renders
; the implication irresistible that all other acts of
j legislation consistent with the Federal Consutu-
j turn legitimately belonged to the territorial gov-
ernment.
Hut, sir, the qualification of the opinion of the
honorable Senator from Illinois is, that they have
no authority to form a State constitution for the
purpose of subverting the territorial government,
without the consent of Congress, Who contends
that they have3 Here is his language as em-
ployed at page 53 of the document containing his
views:
'' tty the Kan«a* Nebraska act the people of the Territory
were ve.-fed with nil the nght<< and piivilc«jr*- of .self govei n-
mcnt ou all i ightltil Mihjeet-. of h ^i-Unou. consistent with,
1 and m obedience to. the online aei; hut they were not
authon/eil. ,u then own will and plea>nie. to i evolve them-
•selve*. into a sovereign power, and to abrogate and annul
the organic act ami temtori.il government e*!abh>lied hy
Congies,*, and to ordain a eouMitutron and State govern-
ment upon then ituut. without, the conscnt of Cungie^a."
I concede, Mr. President that no such power
exists; but the answer is, that no such power was
attempted to be exercised by the Territorial Le-
, gislature and people of Kansas. The subvetsion
] of the territorial government without the conscnt
| of Congress, is an act widely ddfoient from the
i authority exercised by the Territorial Legislature
i in authorizing, by law, the taking of the sense of
i the people of Kansas, who, and who alone, could
! form a State constitution; and-when their wishes
! were ascertained, framing a State constitution to
*go into effect by actual organization under it,
i when, and not until, Congress should agree to
| admit Kansas as a'State. The two things are
j essentially different. It seems susccptiblo of dem-
! onstration, that no act done by the people of Kan-
! sas under the authoiify of the territorial govern-
uient, was intended to subvert that government
I without the consent of Congress; and, therefore,
\ the objection falls to the ground, because it is not
|j supported by the facts of the case.
The hono'iable Senator from Illinois recites a
i, clause of the constitution of Kansas, as adopted
| and sent to us, which declares that—■
j' " This conMiumon shall ta'<e elfeet and he rn foiee fiotn
! and after us ratification by the people, a-s hcrcinholoie pio-
! I vided "
! I
| That is a very proper provision, but the decla-
; ration must be taken in connection with the other
clauses of the instrument; and, referring to them,
1 you find that there is to be no organization of
1 government, and that none was contemplated or
, intended, until Congress should assent to the State
j constitution, and admit Kansas into the Union.
| The object of the clause in question is very ob-
i vious The State constitution was to take effect
; from the time of ratification, provided Congiess
! should sanction the proceeding by admitting Kan-
; sas as a State. If Congress did assent to the
; action of the people under the authority of the
I Territorial Legislature, then the retiospective
; operation would be to give a legal cffect to the
' elections held under the State constitution, and
! nothing more. The validity of the elections was
I made dependent upon the will of Congress; and
the principle involved, and the object to be at-
tained, was m accordance with the principle on
which Congress has frequently acted in admitting
Senators from States, elected before the States
were admitted as members of the Union. Acting
on the principle, omriis ratihabitio retrotrahitxir et
mandato aquiparatur, this declaration was made
for the purpose of giving a retrospective effect
and validity to the constitution, after the action
of Congiess should have called the organization
of the Government into existence. This does not
rest on mere argument. Now for the facts. Pro-
vision is made that—
"This constitution shall be submitted to the Congress of
the United States at its next ensuing session, and as soon
as official infonnation has been received that it is appioved
by the same, by the admission of the State of Kanpna as one
of the soveieign States of the United States, the President
of this convention bhall issue his proclamation to convene
the State Legislature at the seat of Government within
thirty-one <Wys after publication "
It is very evident that no government could
have been contemplated in subversion of the ter-
ritorial government except with the consent of
Congress, because the legislative power was not
to come into existence by organization until after
Congress had approved the law; but the provis-
ions do not stop there; not only is there no time
prescribed for the assembling of the Legislature
until after Congress have admitted the State, but
in the same constitution it is provided:
" The first general election tn this State shall be held on
the day and yeai provided by tins constitution, and all gen-
eral elections thereafter on the day and >ear provided by
subsequent legislative enactment."
Without assembling the Legislature, there can
be no State organization, and no subsequent elec-
tions of any kind: and it is pi ovided that the State
Legislature shall not assemble until thirty days
after proclamation that Congress has admitted
Kansas as a State into the Union. The evidence,
however, becomes conclusive. The twelfth sec-
tion of the schedule declares:
The Governor, and all other officcis, shall enter upon
the discharse of their tespectivo duties as soon after the ad-
mission of the State of Kansas one of the independent
and sovereign States of the Union as may be convenient,"
Sir, with these provisions standing in this con-
stitution, can it be seriously urged that it wasthe
intention of the Territorial Legislature, orthepeo-
ple of Kansas to subvert the teiritonal govern-
ment without the consent of Congress ? They pro-
vide for an election of State officers, but it passes
for nothing, and those officers are never to enter
upon the discharge of their functions, unless Con-
gress shall ratify the act of the Territorial Legis-
lature, and the people of Kansas, by admitting
her as a State into the Union. There is no room
for controversy that the State organization was
: made dependent upon the will of Congress. Then
j the objection, in fact, does not apply. The au-
; thority we delegated was a right to legislate for
i the purpose of ascertaining the will of thepeople
of Kansas, and the right to form a State consti-
tution subject to our consent, and Kansas has
been strictly legal in her course. The Legisla-
ture prescribed an election for that purpose, and
the will of the people was expressed at that elee-
j tion. Subsequently they provided for the election
! of delegates to frame a constitution. The people
' of Kansas elected those delegates, and they pro-
} vided in their own way for the submission of the
I constitution as formed for the ratification of the
1 people; and it was ratified by the people of Kan-
sas.
Can I be toll, then, th-xt the legally expressed
will of the people of Kansas is not embodied rn
this constitution, or that there was anything rev-
olutionary in their action ? That action does not
contemplate the organization of a State govern-
ment, as the Topeka constitution did, (which I
shall show hereafter,) without the consent of Con-
gress. If you choose to reject the Lecompton
constitution, you leave Kansas in her temtonai
condition, and everything contained in it is a per-
fect nullity. It is to go into effect, for all practi-
cal purposes, as an oiganized government, only
after Congress has admitted Kansas into the
Union. Is there revolution in that? Is there any-
thing illegal in such an exercise of power? Was
it not competent for Congress to grant, under the
Nebraska bill, power to the Territorial Legisla-
ture to ascertain the will of the people of the Ter-
ritory, upon a subject-matter on which Congress
