1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lill
mous railroad grant besides of alternate sections
of land, for a breadth of twenty-four miles wide
through the Territory from east to west, and an-
other of the same extent from north u> soui.s. It
is well known that this w Imlesmle " land-grab"
vrould kill the Lecompton constitution in Con-
gress, if coupled with it here; and hence the Presi-
dent has Si nt it to us in a separate form from the
main body of the constitution itself;and the Sen-
report says:
The committee do not approve the ordinance accom-
pav/mi the constitution, and repo t against it- allowance ;
but they do not re«ar>1 it as any pent of the constitution, nor
will its appioval ot disapproval by Congress affect the va-
lidity of that constitution if the State be admitted into the
Union as recommended."
The friends of this Lecompton fraud cannot,
however, rid themselves of this undesirable hand-
iwork of the usurpers. I shall prove that it is
part and parcel of the constitution, inseparable
from it, and will be ratified fully and unequivo-
cally if the State is admitted. For—
]. It is part of the proffer made by the framers
of the Lecompton constitution, on which they
agree to come into the Union.
2. It was framed by a body whose only author-
ity was to prepare a constitution.
But still higher and more indisputable author-
ity is the positive testimony of the chief conspir-
ator, their own witness, John Calhoun, president
of the convention and bearer of the constitution,
whose official certificate they are, by their own
aigument, " estopped" from looking behind. I
quote this certificate, attached to the ordinance,
from page 48, Senate report:
" The within i^ a true and perfect copy of the ordinance
adopted by the constitutional convention, and submitted
as i'art or the con'stirrnoN by the convention winch
assembled at Lecompton un the 5th dav of September, A.
D. 1857. -'J. CALHOUN,
"President Constitutional Convention.
" Lecompton, Kansas Territory, January 14,1858."
" Submitted c>s part of the constitution by the
convention." Gentlemen, can you escape that?
Your Senate committee, in the teeth of this, and
to avoid saddling this extra weight on your con-
sciences, may say 44 they do not regard it as any
part of the constitution." But the Lecompton
convention deelnros that it is. Its President and
mouthpiece certifies most unequivocally that it is.
Nay, more: he says it was part of the constitu-
tion which was submitted by the convention. It
has been ratified by the people, therefore,exactly
as much as any other part. It is of as much va-
lidity as any other section or article. You can-
not, you say, vary in the slightest degree from
the action of the convention, not even to consult
the popular will, not even to adopt the constitu-
tion, subject to its satisfactory salification here-
after. Tin n you cannot vary their proffer to you.
You cannot accept part of the constitution and
reject part. The ordinance is declared in an ofii-
cial certificate of the President of the convention
which framed it tn !>e ii part of the constitution;"
and you will be compelled, therefore, when you
strike down the rights of the people of Kansas,
to strike, at the same time, a heavy blow at the
rights and interests of your constituents there,
and to sanction a land-theft that, uncoupled from
this model constitution, would not command live
votes in this body.
I have not time to noticc other provisions equally
objectionable,but which have been already widely
criticised and condemned; and I must hasten to
another branch of the discussion.
The report of the majority of the select com-
mittee of tins House, as published by Mr. Ste-
phens, of Geoigia, insists that no further enabling
act was necessary to authorize the formation of a
State constitution than the original Kansas-Ne-
braska law itself. In order not to do him injus- i
tice, I quotu his exact language:
u Another objection of the same class is. that no enabling !
act warf pa-ssrf'd by Cori?i<$Fs ; or, ni other ^ouK Unit the !
I.pjjMature of Kansas did not have ihe legal injnt {ocaii Un; j
invention that tunned the oonMniztmn. Tii.* objection !
i.- equally untenable, b..tl) on pom* ph; and authom\. The I
powt'i to call a eonw ntion to iorin a State eoi'-^HP'ior is j
eli*,nly wmini the • niinuul subject*' of legislation granted
m the organic act.-"1 j
Others in debate, in both branches of Congress, !
have deduced the argument that a congressional ■'
enabling act was unnecessary,because of the ful- !
lowing language m another scction of the Kansas- '
Nebia^ka bill: *j
" And wh m admitted as a State or States, the raid T<.r- !
ritory, or any portion of the same, shall bp received into the
Union, \?'irli oi without slaveiy. as their con-tmaiou niay
pie.^ei.be at the time of tneir admi^ion."— United States
Laics, vol. 10, p. 283.
But these gentlemen, perhaps, forget that pre-
cisely the same argument would authorize Utah to
•demand admission without any previous enabling
act. The language of her organic acl, on this
point, is exactly the same as that of Kansas, and
1 copy it here to prove the fact:
" And, when admitted a? a State, the s«ud Territory, or
anv portion of the same, shall he received into the Union,
wah orwiibout slavery,as their constitution may preaenbo
at the tune of their admission."—United States Laws, vol.
9, p. 453.
But, I prefer to meet the gentleman from Geor-
gia on his ownground, where he finds the power,
as above quoted from his report, in the following
section of the organic act:
<cSfc\24. That the legislative power of the Territory
shall extend to all rightful subject* of legation, consistent
with the Constitution ot the United States and the piovis-
10ns of this act."—United States Laus, vol. 10, p. 285.
Passing over the question whether the over-
throw of the territorial government established
bv Congress, is a " rightful subjcct of legislation,
consistent with the provisions of this act" which
established it, I reply to the gentleman from Geor-
gia, that Utah has precisely the same authority,
in the following scction of her organic, act:
"Sec. 0. The legislative power of theTcrritoiy shall ex-
tend to all usrUtkil subject*; of legislation, consistent with
the Constitution of the United States and the piovisionsof
this act."—United States Laws, vol. 9, p. 454.
Do the gentleman from Georgia, and the other
prominent champions of the Administration, dare
to stand by their own argument when applied to
theTerritory of Utah ? Will they maintain, while
asking us for appropriations for the Army which
is to assist in sustaining and upholding the new
territorial officers there, that the whole territorial
government itself can be superseded or trammeled
by the spontaneous formation of a State constitu-
tion in Utah, and the Lecompton-hko election, be-
fore even the instrument itself is submitted to our
inspection of a governor, state officers,judiciary,
and Legislature? And yet the language of the two
acts being identical on the very point where he
finds the authority for Kansas, he must acknowl-
edge ii.-. lallat y,or concede a license to Utah utterly j
destrnu ive of the national authority in that rebel- }
lions T'-nitory. j
I lr-avo the gentleman from G^orrcia to select 1
whichever horn of this dilemma he chooses, and '
ask attention to the two following extracts from
the spcecnes of distinguished advocates of Le-
compton upon this floor.
The gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar,]
in his speech on the 18th of January, lays down
the fo!!<>*ying proposition:
<v The n'-ople act m their sovereign capacity when they
elect ac!"irat^s; and th 1 delegates ihu< elected and con-
vened ni lor all piaencal puipo-e*, identical with the
people. £ii', I take higher £iound«. I noM that the highest
embodiment ofhovejei^nty, the i:;;>-t iinoo-inypolitical as-
seinbi-i'ie kinnoito dtu <,\m-"ntuO(>u and iau>, is a conven- ;
lion ot ihe people lesMHv assembled. not en mas^c—lor Mich
an assemblage w unknown m out iepre-entative system— j
but bv their delegate^, legally elected. When such a body, 1
with no declared limitation upon then powfi?. aie deputed j
to toi in a constitution, and they execute then tmst, the eon- ;
?titunon. ?/,co facto* become^ the supreme la e of the land, ;
unquestionable and unchangeable by an j jh,h era- eut A, *ave ■
th<>t winch oidaincd it '' x * * * j
'• U [ivaiv.a^] is no Ionizer a l^errkori; of these Umfed \
Stales, 1ms. by 3 oui own authoi jand penm-sion, ■
thiown off the habiliment- of terriioin:! d« o< mhujee. and j
fctand* now a Slate, HoJied wi'hall tne aur'imt \s and pew- ;
er* or'a State, and h-k^ adnnwon as an equal m this noble !
con'eueiatioii of £.overciim5<(,,«. V<.u may l.-jeeL l.ei apph- ||
eanon, if you w i!!; but it will b" at jour own pen!. To jj
renuahl her to her territorial eon'iUon ?-ot: cannot, any ;
mce than you can io]l back to their hidden souice* the ,
waters of (h<; Mi>si.sMppi. Kansas n a separate, orzemzed, {
liviair State with ail ilie ncives and arienes of Me in full
development and vigoiousactivity. Between vourlaw.-and
liei people c.• *c caninieiposethe broad and ladiant shield of 1
S?ute soveri icrnty, and may laugh to scorn your enabhn? 1
acts.'' i
Tnegentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Shorter,] ;
just a month later, declared himselt also as lol- i
lov.-s: . j
" When the Ivansa*? and Nebiaska hill was pa-^'-d. tills !
doctiine o: t[>e risl't of tiie people m the Terntoiy t«  e-tab- i
ii-h a slave or a tiec State, and be attainted wno rh? Union 1
free fiom ,i!l eonKrc.-riu:s.:l mtei(ereuce. 'va.- ajopt-'d a-- a ,
fundamen'a! p'ineiple. That bid dfvi<:ir-  tiiat K.UiS-.i'-, as
well as Nebra-Iru, has tiie light oi admi^jon into uie Uiiion ,
a< abovtei^ii tfiate, with or without slavciv. ae-joicmg to i
the Icg.'iUy-Pxpre-scd will of the maiornv o? fv r people.
Kansas to-day presents herself at the door of this Hall with
her constitution, and demands admission into the tTuion."
a*-**** *****
" If the orcamc act establishing a territorial government
for Kansas wa*, as 1 contend, an enabling acl, 'hen slie i3
to-dav a sovereign independent State* arul the Federal ter-
ritorial officers should he instantly withdrawn* She is a free,
independent, sovereign State, outside of the Umony and by
the consent of Congress."'
These, sir, are bold sentiments, daringly ex-
pressed. But when you apply to them the touch-
stone of Utah, their monstrous character, their fa-
tal results, are plainly exhibited to all men. Even
their authors themselves would shiink from car-
rying them out. No more dangerous blow could
be wielded at the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment in our Territories than this. Indorse
them by your ratification of the Lecompton con-
stitution, for which they are the chief argument,
and you, gentlemen'of the opposite side of the
House, will be responsible for the consequences
in the other Territory which you are striving to
force back to its allegiance. In the path that these
gentlemen have marked out for him Brigham
Young can walk, and doubtless will. With pre-
cisely the same enabling act that Kansas has, a
vote of the people could be at once taken on the
propriety of forming a State constitution; an elec-
tion of delegates to a constitutional convention
ordered by a unanimous vote of the Kansas Le-
gislature, even over the Governor's veto, as the
Lecompton act itself was; a constitution framed,
fair and republican on its face; the whole com-
pleted within a very few months; and if Congress
rejected it, the rulers of Utah could tell you, in the
language of Mr. Lamar, that they are "no longer
a Territory of the United States;" that6i you can-
not remand them to their territorial condition;"
that " between your laws and her people she will
interpose the broad and radiant shield of State sov-
ereignty;" and, in the language of Mr. Shorter,
she could declare herself " a sovereign, indepen-
dent State," and could demand that " the Fed-
eral territorial officers should be instantly with-
drawn."
Do you say in reply, gentlemen on the other
side, that these are speeches of only two members
of your party, and do not bind the whole? I will
give you, in addition, the even weightier declara-
tions of the authorized exponents of your party,
the organs of the Senate and House committees
on this subject, to show you to what arguments
even your champions are compelled, in their at-
tempts to vindicate this Lecompton constitution.
The senatorial Committee on Territories close
their leport with the following summing up of
their argument:
" In conclusion, this committee h of opinion that when
a constitution of a ncwly-lormed State, created out of our
own teiiitoiy, is piesented to Congress for adtn .^'on nu 
tiie Union, ft is no nait of the duty or privilege of Confess
eitiiei to appro •c or disapprove the constitution itself, and
ib* various provisions, cr any of them, but simply to see
whether it be the legal constitution ot the new State;
\\ bother u be icpubncan in form ; whether the boundaries
proposed headnnsMhle; and whet'nei the number of inhab-
itants be sufficient to justify independent State organiza-
tion.*'
And the gentleman from Georgia, in his report
from the select committee of this body, also de-
clares :
*• When a new State presents a constitution for admis-
sion, Conine.^-, has? no more power to inquire into the mm-
nei of us adoption than the matter of its substance. The
matter cannot be inquired into fuithe'r than to see that it is
republic,in inform; and the mode and nianrierof its adop-
tion cannot be inquired into only >-o far as to tee that it has
been formed in such way as the people have legally estab-
lished for themselves
• To such extraordinary positions do the neces-
sities of this extraordinary case unwittingly hurry
us ablest defenders. We, on the contrary, who
do not believe that Congress is so powerless, so be-
reft of legislative discretion, so tonguo-ticd, that
it has not even " the privilege" of saying " no,"
when a Statu asks for admission, would meetthe
application of Utah, did sue come here with a con-
stitution republican in form, with proper bound-
aries and ^urneieh1", people us we meet this Le-
compton fmvd—by tnc declaration that, in the
exerei-.''. of our power and authority, we decline
admitting you into the partnership of States, arid
remand you, for reasons good and sufficient to
ourselves, to your territorial condition. You,gcn-
tlt'inen, however, will be " estopped" by* the doc-
ti .nes you have deliberately indorsed; and having
> aiifi -d the humiliating declarationof the Senate's
i thsf n k neither your duty,* nor evun your
