1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■m
The joint resolution was reported, as follows:
Reioh'cd hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of JLmvrvca in Congress assembled, That
when the two Houses adjourn on the 23(1 instant, they ad-
journ to meet on Monday, the 4th of January next.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw the mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As that resolu-
tion conflicts with the compensation law, I ask
the yeas and nays. I want to see who it is that
will vote for it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pond the rules, for the purpose of considering the
joint resolution of the Senate, and resulted—yeas
98, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alii, Anderson, Andrews, Banks, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Boyee, Bryan, Buffinton,
Campbell. Caskie, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Clingman.Claik B.Coclirane, John Cochrane, Coinms,
Cragm, Burton Craige, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dewnrt, Dnnmiek, Dodd, Dur-
fce, Edmundson, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Gilhs, Gil-
man, Gilmer, Groesb^ek, Lawrence W. Hail, J. Moinson
Harris. Ilaskm, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Iloaid, Hopkins,
Ilorton. Ouylor, Keiu, Kelly, John O. Kunkel. Lamar,
Lanciy. Lcitev, Mclvibbm, McCluecn, I-Iumphiey Marsha)!,
Mavnard, Miles, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Edward
Joy Monis. Oliver A. Morte, Mott, Palmer, Parker, Pendle-
ton, Phillips, Quitman, Keilly, Rieaiid, Robbm?, Roberts,
Royce, Itiissel], Scott. Searing, Seward, Singleton, William
Smith, Spmner, StalKvoith, William Stewait, Tappan,
Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Underwood, Waldion,
Ward, Eihhu J$. Washbuine, Whitely, WilbOn, YVmslow,
Wortendjke. and Augustus 11. Wright—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Atluns, Avery, Barks-
dale, Billmghuist, Bocock, Branch, Biayton, Burns,
Bimouslis, Case, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb,
OockenU, James Craig, Crawford, Curtis, Damrell, David-
son, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Miss]?sippi,Dowa«Jl.bihott,
English, Fpiiton, Foley, Fostei ,Gartiell, Goodwin, Granger,
Greenwood, Gregg, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,Thomas
L. Hums. Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewell, Geoice W. Jone?, J. Glaney Jonesi, Owen Jones,
Kollouc, Kelsey, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Leach, Letcher,
LovPioy, Miller, Millson, Morrill. Niblack. iciiols. 1 ettit,
Tevtonl Phelps, Pike, Potter, Puivmrn-e, Ready, Reagan,
Ruffin, Sandidgo, Savage, Scales. Aaron Shaw, John Sher-
man, Judson W. Sherman, Robeit Smith, Stanton, bte-
phens, James A. Stew ait, Talbot, Tompkms, \v:ule, \\al-
brids?e« Walton, Want-n, YVcitkms, Jolm V. Wnght, and
Zoihcofier—S9.
So, two thirds not voting in favor therof, iUe
rules wpre not suspended.
Mr. READY. I move that the House do now
adjourn. , i .
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock and forty minutes, p. m.) the House
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 22, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LAWS OF KANSAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate copies of the laws of the Territory of Kansas
passed at the second session of the General Legis-
lative Assembly, begun and held at the city of
Lecompton, on the second Monday of January,
1857; which, on motion by Mr. Collamer, were
referred to the Committee on Territories.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the petition
of William B. Davis, praying that the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office may be required
to make a statement showing the Territories ac-
quired since the Revolution, and the number of
square miles in each, for publication; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Academy
of Natural Sciences, at Philadelphia, in favor ol
the publication of the report of the geological sur-
vey of the Territories ofOregon and Washington,
made by Dr. John Evans; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a resolution ot
the Legislature of Michigan, in favorof the divis-
ionof that State into two judicial districts: which j
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, ,
and ordered to be printed. ' j
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of,
Sarah Bronson,only child and heir of John Bron-,
son, deceased,prayingfoi compensationforprop- I
erty destroyed during "the last war with Great
Britain; which, with the papers on file relative to
the case, was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Alexander
Miller, one of the heirs of Alexander Miller, de-
ceased, praying for remuneration for property
destroyed during the last war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. ;
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of A. W.
McPherson, praying to be paid for fitting up and ,
furnishing rooms for the United States district ;
court, at "San-Francisco; which was referred to j
the Committee on Claims. |
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of i
James Page, and others, citizens of Philadelphia,
praying that the post office in that city may be ■
located on the site of the present custom-house,
and the custom-house transferred to the site se-
lected for the post office; which was referred to j
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GREEN presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Missouri, piaying that the land on ,
Wolflsland, in the Mississippi river, may be sold ,
by the United States, to settle the question in (lis-;
pute between that State and the State of Kentucky, , j
as to the jurisdiction of that island; which was ;
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed. ij
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,presented the 1
memorial of VA. S. Munday, J. Knox Walker,
and others, members of the Tennessee Legisla-
ture, praying for protection to the overland mad
route through Arizonia; which was referred to the !
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. '
Mr. HOUSTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Texas, in favor of the raisins and
equipment of a regiment of Tl oxhs mounted, vol-
unteers, for the protection of the western frontier
of that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. .
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the memorial of
James M. Wright, and other citizens of Illinois,
praying that protection may be extended to the
overland mail route to California through Arizo-
nia Territory; which was leferied to the Com-
mittee 011 Tei ntories. .
He also presented the memorial of J. Grimes,
i C. A. Wright, and other citizens of Illinois, pray-
in^ that protection may be extended to the^over-
' land mail route to California through the Tem-
; tory of Arizonia; which was referred to the Com- ;;
; mittee on Territories. ij
I ]\lr. POLK presented the petition of Iloiace q
II E. Dimick, praying that an appropriation may hi*. 1
I j made to test his'improvement of the niled cannon , !
!i for throwing both solid shot and shells; which !
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. ;
Mr. FOSTER.. I present the petition of George , j
A. Breast, lately employed in the service of the
Governmental the navy-yard in this city, llie ,|
petitioner states that in the month of September, j
185G, while employed ill launching the steamei ,
Water Witch from the marine railway, he was
struck by the capstan bars as the vessel took a
sudden start into the water, and both his legs
were badly broken, in consequence of which he
was confined to his bed for nearly a yearJ an<i's
now crippled for life. The officers of the yaiu,
who have written some letters on the subject and i
given some certificates, bear testimony to the very j
excellent character of the man. He has a laige i
family. He has been made a cripple for lite m
the service of the Government, without any fault
on his part. It seems to me a case which is en-
titled to favorable consideration, and I hope it;
will receive it. I move the reference of the peti- ;
tion, with the accompanying papers, to the Com- ;
mittee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That tlie petition of Joseph HiU and song, and
the petition of W. M. Ryer, on the files of the Senate, be
leterred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, of New Jer-
sey, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Mary C. Hamilton, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Tensions.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, of New Jer-
sey, it was
Ordered, Tliatthe petition of J. Willcox Jenkins, on the
files ul the Senate, be referred to tlie Committee on Naval
Allans.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of George N. Weston, Com-
missioner of the State of Maine appointed to present the
claims of that State against the United States under the
fourth article of the treaty of Washington, on the files of the
Senate, be refoired to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DURKEE, it was
PAPE11S WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. j
On motion of Mr. PEAECE, it was j
Ordered, That the petition of Susanna T. Lea, widow and
exccnmx of.James Magicnnen, on the files ol the £<e3>ate,
be leferred to the Committee on Military Anairs.
On motion of Mr. JONi^S, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of William Money, on the
fijesof the Senate, be leferredto the Committee on Claims.
Ordered, That the petition of William Blake, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Johnson K. Rogers, on the
files of the Senate, be referred lothe Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BRODERICK, it was
Ordered, That the memotial of Edward D. Reynolds, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee oil
Naval Affaii'S.
On motion of."Mr. FOSTER, it was
Oidered, That Iluldah Butler have leave to withdraw
her petition and papers. ' -
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, gave notice of
his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
confine all future sales of the public lands to actual
settlers, and in limited quantities.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHITTENDEN asked, and byunanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No*.
23) for the relief of Robert Dickson, of the Ken-
tucky volunteers; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 24)
to secure to actual settlers the alternate sections
of the public lands reserved in the grants to States
for railroads; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FITZPATRICK asked,and byunanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
26) to provide for the examination and payment
of certain claims of citizens of Georgia and Ala-
bama, on account of losses sustained bydepieda-
tinns of the Creek Indians; which was read twee
by its title, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. CLAY, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
I X'i. 27) to detach Selma,inthe State of Alabama,
1 from the collection district of New Orleans, and
! make it a port of delivery within the collection
' district of Mobile; which was read twice by its
; tide,and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
I HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked, and by
I unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 25) to grant to every person who is
the head of a family and a citizen of the United
States, a homestead of one hundred and sixty
acres of land out. of the public domain, on con-
dition of occupancy and cultivation of the same,
for the peiiod therein specified; which was read
twice by Ks title. .
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
before the bill is referred, with the indulgence ot
the Senate I beg leave to make a single remark,
for the purpose merely of keeping the hls'°ry?
this j;reat measure right. On the 27th olfMar■ ^
184G, this bill was first introduce^ into■die■&<>*
of Representatives; and on the 12th of May, 1852,
if, passed that House by a majority <twotlhirds.
The I-Tou.:e ol' Representatives passed it sixyeais
two months and fifteen days after its first lntio-
duetion. 11 then received the indorsement of the
other House by a two-thirds vote. In 18j3, the
sime bill, in substance, was introduced by the
H n John L. Dawson, of the State of Pennsyl-
vania, and it passed again by an overwhelming
mnioritv Thus the bill has twice received the
sanction of the popular branch of the Legislature.
It was transmitted to this body, and here it failed
on both occasions. I merely make these remarks
