2246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
what they are. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Lovejoy] may be versed in French. He seems
to have & large amount of Latin on hand to lead
upon occasions of this kind; and in his attempt
to manufacture Buncombe for his constituents, he
made a most unwarrantable and contemptible at-
tack upon the naval and military institutions of
this country. It may suit his purpose, and the
purpose of his constituents, to purchase these
seeds; but I can say for myself that I can see no j
good, as derived by the farmer, commensurate i
with the expenses. Go to the public barn here,
and examine the amount of public building re- ,
• quired for storing these seeds; go through the (
length and breadth of that department and see the ;
army of employes, fed at the public crib, in order ,
to distribute them; and if,perchance, you cannot
find there the seeds which you or your constit-
uents want, you are immediately told that you
will find them at the seed-warehouse. Sir, they
can be always found there, better and cheaper than
they are furnished by Government.
The gentleman himself admits that a large pro-
portion of tho.se seeds are purchased at the seed-
stores of the different citics of this country. . I
know the distribution of seeds is productive of
some good. Undoubtedly they have been, and
so they should be; but we have to pay too dear
for the whistle. The farmers would be greatly
encouraged, too, if we would import and supply
to them the best plows from different parts of the
country; they would be benefited if we would in-
troduce some fine stock; the wool-grower would
be pleased if we would import some fine sheep
for distribution to him; and so as regards other
matters. Now, I am opposed to the Government
going into these operations at all in competition
with farmers. I believe that private interests
would bring about all the advantages desired, and
at a less expense. I am the devoted friend ot the
agriculturist, and no man feels a deeper interest
in his welfare, or places a higher estimate upon
his intelligence.
Mr. CLA.Y, by unanimous consent, modified
his amendment so as to make it read as follows:
Provided, That such cuttings and seed* shall he sent by
the Comims&ioncr of Patents tor di-<Uibution to -aiel! public
institution or society in each congiescionnj dif-tnet as may
be designated by the member of Congress for such district.
Mi\ SEWARD. As the modified amendment
nearly covers the ground I desire, 1 will withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD called for tellers on Mr.
Ci.ay's amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RUFFIN. I move to amend by striking
out lines one hundred and thirty-four, one hun-
dred and thirty-five, and one hundred and tlnrty-
as follows:
bla., (  ivuivho.
<• For drawings to illustrate the report of the Coninus- ,
sionet ot Patents foi the yeai >*, j
I desire to say a word in explanation of the
amendment. I understand that the report ol tlie ,
Committee on Printing recommended that these
illustrations in the Patent Office report were not
to be insetted hereafter. There were great com- ,
plaints made of them here. I know,that in the j
last Patent Office report there was a ridiculous set ,
of illustrations of squirrels, that were not worth
a cent. U seems to me that if these reports are
to be published for the benefit of the agricultural
interests of the country, there is no need of having
a number of the pages filled up with these cuts at
great cost. The reports would be just as valu-
able without them; and I suppose there will be no
difficulty as to striking out this item. It is true
that it will effect but a small s-wing; but still it
amounts to something: and I hope the amend-
ment will prevail. As I understand it, the com-
mittee h.ive taken the ground that these illustia-
tions are wholly unnecessary; and it they arc, I
say they should be stricken out. That is the
ground I put it on—that they arc useless and un-
necessary.
Mr. JGLANCY JONES. If that is the re-
sult of the report of the Committee on Printing,
lhope the committee will accept the amendment.
The estimate was made at a time when we had
no information from that committee. 1 would in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, whether he concurs in the amendment offered
by the gentleman from North Carolina?
Mr. "NICHOLS. I am not chairman of the
Committee on Printing, but I will tell the gentle-
man, as far as I understand it, what the effect will
be. The gentleman from North Carolina entirely
misapprehends the effect of his amendment. The
appropriation confined in this bill is one which
j was inserted in the appropriation bill on my mo-
| tion in the last Congress. This relates not to the
! squirrels, the bugs, and the insects; but it is to
I pay those persons who have in charge the illus-
tration of the patents  .
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I can get at it better
by asking the gentleman a question or two. I ask
the gentleman from North Carolina it his motion
was not to strike out the whole item ?
Mr. RUFFJN. That was my motion.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then I wish to
ask the gentleman from Ohio whether the Com-
mittee on Printing believes that it is expedient and
proper that it should be stricken out?
Mr. WHITELEY. I offer the following as
an amendment to the amendment:
Amend the biti by striking out the woid " six," in line
one hundred and thn ty six, and niseit the word •* sixteen."
Amend the bill by addms, in line one hundred and thnty-
two, the woid " sixtvV and nij-eit after the word <•' dollars,"
in said line, the following woids: "of which sum there
shall be paid to Town-end Glover the sum of $10,000 lor
the putchase of two thousand models of Airieiiean fiuits,
and the matrices lor multiplying the same, lor the use of the
Talent Otliee."
Mr. Chairman,this amendmentisno newthing.
A majority of the numbers of this House rec-
ommended this collection to the Commissioner of
Patents, and by his recommendation the appro-
priation of ^60,000 for agricultural purposes was
increased to 4,75,000, of which sum #1:2,000, as
ij appears from the letter of the Commissioner of
i! Patents, was intended for the purchase from Mr.
'I Glover of these models of fruit now in th  Patent
I. Office, and which (suppose a majority of the mem-
j! bers have seen. The purchase was recommended
! by the Commissioner, and the appropriation was
ii made; but the specific item not being put in, and
i Mr. Glover being away, the appropriation v/as
'■ expended befoie the purchase was made. I think
it just to him, and just to the intention of the Com-
missioner and of the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
that this amendment should be made.
Mr. MASONL What kind of fruits are they ?
Mr. WHITELEY. They are models of all the
American fruits, and are now in the Patent Ofiice.
I will read what the Commissioner says about
them:
United Static Pat * nt Office, May 9, J8,>7.
Pin: In my ab-cncc tiom this ofliee, a communication
W;i„ ji'ldi-;t'd in :,ou to the acting CoinmHMonet, icc|iie.-t-
inn inioi malum in iciation to Mi. Clovei's collection ot
mod' 1> ot i; iui> i have the honor to Mibmit miiuo facts,
1 winch woo iku wiiiun the knowledge of the acting Coin-
! misMonei.
1. The collection conn^ts of over two thousand models,
i finished and eoloicd, and ni.Uucr-* forninltiplyinc the same,
with an eveeedmglv valuable descriptive catalogue. The
collection is entnely unique.
•2. Mi. tilovcr wn-. cm ployed constantly (oi mk yeais. prior
to Iik employment in ihisoli'ice, making ihcse mode Is at his
! own co-t, including hn own time, traveling expenses, ma-
! tcnal. ti nits, and siiiv^tenee.
1 a. The Mi>jia^kcd hy Mi. Glover for the model* and mat-
! rice-*, is j-10,000, winch has been estimated by competent
newjn'wi-. a reasonable puce.
•1. Afr. (ilovei ha- been employed in tins ofhee foi tin op
year*, m anticipation ofihe purchase of hu collection, at a
salai v of # },0U0 pel annum, paying his own naveling ex-
penses. Dunng thispenod he has been employed pimci-
pal'y in invoNtigations lehiting to in^ccts nijuuou-< to vege-
tation, paiticnl.irlv tlte cereal grainy, flints and the cotton
plant. It is proposed that he continue these investigations,
and at such times as he cannot be pi oiitably engaged in that
work, that ho continue the modi hug of' trims, esculents, ,
.inuns and other asjncultuial pioducts5and the abnormal
ot diseased poitionsof the tame.
5. The piactical benefit?. tobedeiived from obtaining and
contmuingthe collection aie a^ tollow^ : The collection \\ nl
I fumi-h a icadv means lor the claudication and ulentihcct-
■ tion ot hints and other agricultiual product; will indicate
| the soil ard locality win re each fnnt oi product wil! best
I thuve; will enable the aaueultuiist to select, by inspection,
; those vaueties which suit his plantation or I arm, and will
j atnaet his attention nut only to the best vaiidie^, but to
1 buc'i now oiks a-> mav be liitioduccd.
The pmehase of tins collection ha* been recommended
hy the pnneipal agucnltuiai and hoiaeultmal ^oeiefc.s m
1 the United Hates, b\ a lar.ro nuuibm of piacucal and influ-
ential public men. among whom aie the nia)onty ot the
I ni'Mnbeis (>i both IIou- c* of the laic Congie", who have ree-
1 omniondfd t!,e paviaent for the cullccrion to be made out
oi the lands oftlusoti.ee, appiopuated for agncultuial pur-
IJ°I would finthei -Ute that in the estimate of $10,000 made
by me to Co 1?.m. fora^ucultuiai puipn-'C^l'^O'JO
wa-i specified for i1ive-!!",afion- of fiiut-* and insects, and
v/as intended to pmehase tl.in collection, and thatthe whole
, $:r,.000 wa" appiopuated.
It deniable that the anangement with Sir. Glover
should ba made atoncc, that ho may lose no time in p.o-
eei'dmg with his woik. MASOiS.
;, To the lion. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
Is this proposition provided for by law, or in any
way, or has it any direct connection with the pur-
chase of seeds or cuttings for the Patent Ofiice?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It is in-
tended for the benefit of agriculture.
Mr. LETCHER. It proposes to buy wax fig-
ures in imitation of fruits; and 1 submit whether
that comes under the range of any law, or under
the head of cuttings and seeds?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the question of order is not well taken, and
that the amendment is germane to the bill.
Mr. WHITELEY. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
have only one word to say further. I have here^
the signatures of more than half the members of
the last House, recommending the purchase of
these wax figures, and I haveparticulaily the sig-
nature of the gentleman from Kentucky, [JVIi.
Marshall,] who pronounced this thing, yester-
day, a humbug.
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman fiom Virginia will permit me to mako
a remark, because the gentleman from Delaware
directly challenges my consistency, at all events.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well, sir.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
know what the paper is which he produces.
Mr. LETCHER. He says you recommended
these wax fruits.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have no
doubt at all that I may have signed a paper pie-
sented to me recommending the article just for
what it was worth, namely, that it was a first rate
representation in wax of that which existed in re-
ality. I suppose that I probably recommended it,
but I had no idea at all that there was any appro-
priation, or anything concealed in this appropri-
ation of $60,000, for the purpose of starting, for the
benefit of agriculture, a museum of wax figures
here at the city of Washington.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, I see very plainly
where all this thing is going to. Gentlemen have
been arguing here, both yesterday and to-day,
that it is very important that we should have seeds
and cuttings for the purpose of distributing them
through the country, that parties by experiments
might ascertain their value. And now, after the
I debate has gone on, and a proposition has been
' retained in the bill for the benefit of agriculture,
the gentleman comes herewith a proposition—to
do what? To spend the public money for the
purchase of representations of fruit made in wax,
to be stored here in the city of Washington, with
a gentleman to take care of them at a salary, and
this is for the benefit of the farmers !
Mr. WHITELEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that they are already in the Patent
Office.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, if they are in the Pat-
ent Office, and have never been purchased by the
Government, it is high time that the officers in
charge of the Patent Office should put them out,
or charge storage—one or the other, [Laughter.]
Are we to be used in this way ? When an indi-
vidual comes here to get his articles off upon the
Government, are they to be deposited in the Pat-
ent Office, and lo be allowed to remain there 111
charge of the officers; and then, after they have
been there for some time, an appropriation is to
be demanded from this House to pay for what
has been left there on exhibition by the party
himself?
Now, let us look at this thing in a practical
I point of view. Can any member of the House
I undertake to tell me how many farmers in the Uni-
i ted States will ever see the fruit? How many of
I them will ever have an opportunity to see these wax
j figures? A gentleman says, eveiy one who comes
■ here. Sir, those who come here are by no man-
i ner of means the best farmers, or a majority even
of the f.irmeis. The best fermers in this country,
| the most thrifty, the most valuable to society, are
those who stay at home and attend to their busi- _
j ness. But, sir, these fruits are to be kept here for
' exhibition to such as may be traveling through
, the country, who casually visit Washington, and
| stroll mio the Patent Ofiice to see them. Guitle-
| men do not pretend that they are of one^ cent s
value to any human being under this Govern-
' lnent; and we all know from the pa?t, that if they
; are put there, it will not be long before we shall
j have to have sonic one to take charge of them, and
