1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
result from the adoption of the resolution now.
However, I have no disposition to press it, but
let it stand as it is.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope, then, it will
stand as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
withdraw the motion to reconsider ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No,sir. That will keep
it in the position in which I desire to have it. Let
it stand on the motion to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to re-
consider will be entered.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. STUART. I desire to call up at this time
the business before the Senate yesterday, being
the motion of the Senator from Illinois to refer
certain portions of the President's message to the
Committee on Territories. I learn from the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] that he
desires to occupy a short time in giving his views
on that subject, and I have consented that he
should do so before I enter on my own. I move
to take up the proposition of the Senator from
Illinois for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the motion of Mr.
Douglas, to refer so much of the President's mes-
sage as relates to affairs in Kansas to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. FITCH. Being indebted to the courtesy
of the Senator from Michigan for the floor, I shall
ask the indulgence of the Senate during but a
brief occupancy of it, for I am anxious, as I know
those about me are, to listen to that Senator, and
to others who can be heard on this subject with
far more pleasure and profit than anything I can
say will afford.
Yesterday, sir, was the day fixed for the action
of the people of Kansas on that portion of the
constitution submitted to the popular vote. We
shall soon know the result, and congressional ac-
tion in the premises will soon be required—assum-
ing, that is, that the election took place, and that
no violence, no fraud interfered to prevent it or
control it. Whatever my views and opinions of
the question of slavery, the unfortunate subject
of so much scctional controversy, may be, I am
unwilling that the character of the decision yes-
terday had in Kansas on that subject shall pos-
sibly be supposed _to control whatever action I
may hereafter take on the question of admitting
that Territory into the Union as a State; and
hence I desire now to state the reasons which will
govern my action. 1 wish to state the reasons in
advance of any possible knowledge on our part
of the character of that decision, that the latter ;
may not bo supposed to color the former. !
My friend, the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. |
Douclas,] who opened the debate, intimated a j
somewhat novel opinion yesterday during the dis- l-
cussion of this subject, namely: an opinion that :
the President had descended from his exalted .
position to devote two columns, more or less, of i
his annual message, to an assault on him, or at
least upon his views, reports, and opinions upon
this Kansas controversy; and further, that any
allusion, even here by Senators in debate, was an
attack upon him, premeditated, and part, perhaps,
of a general design to read him out of the Demo-
cratic party!
Mr. DOUGLAS. Did I say on the part of the
President ?
Mr. PITCH. Oh, no.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I expressly exempted the
President from that combination.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator misunderstood me,
if he understood me as saying that he charged the
President with any design to read him out of the
party. As I shall necessarily refer to the Sena-
tor's argument, at least in the course of my brief
remarks, because the honorable Senator has so
mixed himself up with Kansas affairs that the latter
cannot be discussed without reference to him and
lids arguments and positions relative thereto, I
wish to advertise him and the Senate in advance,
that whatever allusion I may make to him, is not
designed as an attack on him, or as evidence of any
wantof respectfor him. Nor, sir, must it be said
that I have or assert for myself any right or power
—not a scintilla—to read him out of the party; nor
do I know or care where that power is, if it is pos-
sessed anywhere, because I do not believe in the
thing. I grant you, sir, that a man may, by his
own voluntary acts, either by promoting discord
within a party, or some other equally obnoxious
course, place himself beyond the pale of party
organization; but I scarce think the Democratic
party, as such, cares sufficiently for persons, be
they who they may, to put itself to the trouble of
reading or resolving them out of its organization.
The Senator's argument, in his opening speech,
was based upon the assumption that the Kansas
act, repealing the Missouri line, bestowed upon the
people of the Territories the right—ay, even im-
posed upon them the necessity of acting in their
primary capacity on every legitimate subject of
State legislation, embraced in whatever constitu-
tion they might send here, as preliminary to its
recognition by Congress. The fallacy, the "funda-
mental error —I think that is the term—of this
position is manifest from the fact that the right
was not prohibited or questioned by the Missouri
line, or any other congressional enactment, except
upon the single question of slavery. The right was
claimed, admitted, and has been exercised, from
the organization of our Government, of the peo-
ple, to act either masse in their primary capa-
city, or through delegates, as they preferred, upon
all other constitutional subjects of legislation. The
repeal of the Missouri line was, therefore, for the
purpose, and for the purpose only, of placing that
one exceptional question upon the same footing
with all others, taking it from its exceptional
position and placing it under the rule. This is
rendered undeniable by the very language of the
repeal. It proceeds to say:
" That the Constitution, and all laws of the United States
which arenotlocaliyinapplieable, shall have the same foice
and effect within the said Terntoiy of Kansas as elsewhere
within the United States, except the eighth section of the
act preparatory to the admission of Missouii into the Union,
approved March 6,1820, winch, being inconsistent with the
principle of non-intervention by Congress witll s-lavcry in
the States and Territories, as lecogmzed by the legislation
of 1850, commonly called the compromise measures, is
hereby declaicd mopeiative and void."
It need not be said at this day that 11 non-inter-
vention" has been construed from the days of the
Nieholson letter to mean an acknowledgment of
the right of the people of the Territories to decide
the question of slavery for themselves, at least
when they framed their State constitution, and
to decide it untrammeled by any congressional
prohibition or interference. Following the com-
promise of 1850—based upon that compromise—
the Kansas act proposed, its supporters proposed,
its author proposed, merely to carry out the spirit
and principles of the compromise by extending
them to Kansas and futureTemtorics. Non-in-
tervention, when first introduced as a term in pol-
itics, was applied solely to the slaveiy question.
The compromise of i860 was upon the slavery
question. The Missouri lino was only a restric-
tion on the subject of slavery. Its repeal in the
Kansas act was only upon the subject of slavery.
The whole controversy during the discussion,
alike on the compromise and the Kansas act, was
on that subject, and that only. The opponents,
both of the compromise of 1850 and of the Kan-
sas act, endeavored to have that one question re-
tained as an exception to the general rule, which
underlies our Government, permitting the citizens j
of each State to control their own domestic affairs;
and they sought to have it thus retained as an
exceptional one, by endeavoring to induce Con-
gress to prohibit to the people of the Territories,
or the States formed from those Territories, any
control whatever over that question.
Now, sir, we find an effort at this time to so
construe those measures as to make them apply ;
to all subjects of domestic legislation—an effort to j
so construe them as to make it a condition prece-
dent to the admission of any new State that every
proposition in its constitution shall have been sub-
mitted to a popular vote after the constitution has
come from the hands of a regularly organized and
legal convention ! This is a construction incon-
sistent with the circumstances which brought
those measures into existence. It is a construc-
tion not contemplated by their supporters, among
whom, as a private citizen, I was early included.
It is a construction scarcely compatible with their
phraseology. We are said to be a progressive
people. Is this new reading of these measures an
evidence only of our general progress, a part only
of our yearly accruing wisdom ? Or lurks there
behind it some policy of a personal bearing ?
Mr. President, I doubt not that every gentle-
man is governed by the most honorable and pa-
triotic motives in assuming whatever position he
may take on this question. I will attribute none
other to any man. But if there, unfortunately,
be men, high in the Democratic party, who desire
to avail themselves of the present phase of this
question to take a position outside of that patty,
with the hope—by throwing fire-brands into it*
midst, or by directing their artillery against it—-to
destroy it, in return for some past grievance, rflal
or fancied, I would commend to such the lessons
fairly deducible from the result of every such at-
tempt, from Burr's to Van Buren's. The Dem-
ocratic is the great conservative party of the coun-
try—the only national party. It is the only mere
political link in the chain which now binds the
States in one common country. It is so deemed
throughout the world; so known to its own mem-
bers; so admitted even by the more candid and
conservative of its political opponents; and none
of these will hold that man guiltless, who aban-
dons it upon a question having in it so little of
practical importance as there is in this, and, By
seeking its destruction, thereby admits his not
unwillingness that a similar fate should be visited
on tho Union, perhaps, to subserve his selfish
purpose.
The measures to which I have alluded—tsl g
compromise of1850 and the Kansas act—as I' have
said, were'designed to take one question^ pre-
viously, in part at least, an exceptional one, from
that position, and apply to it the same rule always
previously applied under our Government to all
other questions of domestic policy. They were
designed, in fact, to subject that one question to
the same control and the same usages to which
all others were subjected. They did not contem-
plate either the enlargement or diminution of the
powers previously possessed on other questions;
neither an expansion nor contraction of those
powers. They left all other powers in statu quo,
to be exercised as they previously had been, only
placing this one among them, cut now we find
an effort being made to so construe them as tts
make them subversive of the past usages of tho
Government; to make them limit the power pre-
viously possessed by our people, by compelling
them to exercise it in one manner, and one only.
We find an effort now being made,-*in fact, to so
construe them as to deny to delegated authority
the right to form an organic law—a right hitherto
often exercised. This denial is explicitly mads
by Governor Walker in his recent (I am sorry
to say somewhat egotistical) manifesto; one in
which he sustains his position by quoting from
himself only to support it. He makes this denial
explicitly. According to his opinion, the consti-
tutions of more than one half the States of this
Union, and even the Constitution of the United
States itself, are unconstitutional; because in the
case of the former they have been formed by con-
ventions called by acts of Territorial Legislatures;
and because ill the latter, in common with the
former, they have become operative without any
previous action upon them by a popular vote.
Most fortunately for us, his opinion is not the
paramount law of the land; otherwise, a majority
of the most populous and wealthy States of the
Union would be resolved at once into a territorial
condition, and even the Old Thirteen would be
compelled to fall back either upon their original
articles of confederation or their colonial charters.
It was not, to my knowledge, intimated by any
person anywhere, during the discussion of the
Kansas bill, that it was the intention to construe
that bill, as is now declared, so as to initiate an
innovation into the past usage of our Govern-
ment, by requiring the submission of every dis-
tinct proposition m a new State constitution: to
the popular vote after such constitution has been
legally framed by an authorized convention, as a
necessary condition precedent to the recognition
of that constitution here. The Missouri line was
a restriction upon the right of self-government,
upon the doctrine of popular sovereignty, inas-
much as it denied to the people north of that line
any control whatever over the question of slavery.
The Kansas act repealed that line, and therefore
annulled the denial, placing that question in the
same category with, others of a domestic charac-
ter, subject to the same popular will, leaving that
will to be exercised as before, m whatever manner
it chose, either through delegates or by a direct
vote.
