1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to belong. It is the same party now that it was
in the days of Jefferson, Jackson, and of Polk,
and will continue to be the same party for years
to come, if we only steadily adhere to the rights
of the people and the fundamental principles of
popular government; and it is because the unqual-
ified admission of Kansas with the Lecompton
constitution would be a gross departure from those
great rights and principles, that I now object to it.
At the last presidential election, sir, which re-
sulted in theelevation ofMr. Buchanan to thePres-
idency, the Democratic party proclaimed to the
people a principle which it was pledged and bound
to carry out. It was the principle of the Kansas
and Nebraska act. Now, what was that prin-
ciple which was proclaimed by all of our Demo-
cratic orators and presses, both North and South,
East and West—a principle which entered so
latgely into that memorable contest? It was that
the people of each State and Territory should have
the right to form and regulate their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way, subject only to the
Federal Constitution. Now, by that act, was it
intended that the negro question of slavery was
the only one that the people of Kansas had the
right to vote directly upon and to decide? The
act speaks of " domestic institutions," which cer-
tainly embrace more than one—that of master
and slave, if the distinguished author of that
celebrated act had intended to limit and confinc
its meaning, he would have said the domestic insti-
tution of slavery, and then it would have been clear
and specific. But this was not his meaning, nor
his intention. It was broader, and embraced all
domestic institutions of every kind and character.
If the people of Kansas, then, by virtue of this
act, had the right of voting on one question, why
not on another? It is a very narrow and mistaken
idea to suppose that the question of slavery was
the only important one for the people of Kansas
to decide by a direct vote. It is all true that it
has been for some time past the most exciting and
prominent one, overshadowing all the rest; but
are the questions of public schools, banking, tax-
ation, internal improvements, and the like, of no
moment ? These questions are of deep and vital
importance to the people of Kansas, as they are
to the people of every State in the Union; and
ought they not to have the right of voting upon
them, and deciding them for themselves? Are
they not questions which have deeply excited the
people of the several States, giving rise to most
important discussion, and diverse opinions ? What
question can be more importantand interesting to
the people of Kansas than that of common schools
—the system best adapted for the education of the
young? If the stability of our free institutions
depends on the education and virtue of the peo-
ple, the highest and most important question of
all is.the mode of educating the masses. Then
again, in regard to the incorporation of banks—
another question of vital importance, particularly
.at the present time, when many attribute our finan-
cial difficulties to these moneyed institutions—
ought not the people of Kansas to have the right
to say whether they will have banks or not, or
how many? And then again, the system of tax-
ation, a subjcct on which the whole American
people have ever been, and are now, peculiarly
sensitive. Now, upon all these questions, and
many others of like moment, by the action of the
Lecompton constitution the people of Kansas
have been deprived of expressing their opinion
by a vote.
The only way of clearly ascertaining the will
of the majority of the people, on any important
subject,is bya direct vote. This is the fair, hon-
est, and Democratic method, and no other will
ever satisfy a jealous and watchful people of their
dear-bought rights. It was for this reason that
the question of slavery or no slavery was sub-
mitted to the people of Kansas for their decision;
and, for the same reason, the whole Lecompton
constitution ought likewise to have been submit-
ted. Says Prestdent Buchanan, in his annual mes-
sage, in speaking of the Kansas and Nebraska
act:
Did Congress mean, by its language, that its delegates
el<*ued to frame a consutution should have authonty finally
to decide the question of slavery ? or did they intend, by leav-
ing it to the people, that the people ot Kansas themselves
should decide this question by a direct voter'5
On this subject, in the same message, he fur-
ther adds:
" I Confess I had nev^r entertained a serious doubt; and,
therefore, in my instructions to Governor Walker of the
28th of March last, 1 merely said that, when4 a constitution
shall be submitted to the people of the Territory, they must
be protected in the cxercise of their right of votnv* for or
again&t that instrument, and the fair expiossion of the pop-
ular will must not be interrupted by fraud or violence,' "
It is at once seen, then, what was the mean-
ing of Congress and the understanding of Mr.
Buchanan on this sub:ect. He never entertained
a serious doubt about its true meaning; nor did
anybody else. And hence he did nofliesitate to
instruct Governor Walker wiiat to do when the
constitution shall be submitted to the people of
Kansas. It will be perceived that he uses the
word shall, not may—a word implyingan imper-
ative authority on the convention to submit their
labors to the people for their ratification or rejec-
tion. And again, it will be perceived that Pres-
ident Buchanan speaks, in his instructions to the
Governor, of the submission of the constitution,
the whole constitution; not a party but all. This
is what Congress intended should be done—this
is what President Buchanan instructed to be done,
and took for granted would be done; and hence he
says:
My instructions to Governor Walker in favor of sub-
mitting the constitution [not the mere slavery clause] to the
people, were expressed m general and unqualified terms."
Now, why did he give such instructions, and
why did he and the whole Democratic party expect
that this constitution would be submitted to the
people ? Was it not because it was in strict ac-
cordance with the letter and spirit of the Kansas
and Nebraska act, and the intention ofCongress;
and,to use the President's own language, "found-
ed on correct principles ?" Now, what are those
principles?" Are they not the right of self-gov-
ernment, and that the only way of clearly ascer-
taining the will of the people is through their
votes? " In emerging from the condition of ter-
ritorial dependence into that of a sovereign State,"
says the President in his annual message, " the
will of the people can only be known by a majority of
votes." And he gives us the following reason for
it;
<c The election of delegates to a convention must neces-
sarily take place in sepaiate distiicts. Prom this eause it
may readily happen, as has often been the case, that a ma-
jonty of the people of a State oi Territory are on one side
of a question, whilst a majority of the representatives fiom
the several districts into which it is divided may be upon
the other side. This anses from the fact that, m some dis-
tricts, delegates may be elected by small majorities, whilst
m other* tho«e of different sentiments may receive major-
ities sufficiently great not only to overcome the votes given
for the former, but to leave a large majouty of the whole
people in direct opposition to a majority of the delegate-
besides, our histoiy proves that influences may be brought
to bear on the representative sufficiently powerful to induce
him to di&regaid the will of hi> constituents. The truth is,
that no other authentic and satisfactoiy mode exists of as-
certaining the will of a majority of the people of any State
or Teiritoiy, on an impoi taut and exciting question like that
of slavery m Kansas, except by leaving it to a direct vote.
How wise, then, was it for Congress to pass over all subor-
dinate and intermediate agencies, and proceed directly to
the source of ail legitimate power under our matitutioiid !
'• How vain would any other pi meiple piove in practice !
This may be illustrated by the case ot Kansas. Should she
be admitted into the Union with a constitution either main-
taining oi abolishing slavery, against the sentiment ol the
people, this eoutd have no other effect than to continue and
to exasperate the existing agitation during the brief period
requited tomake the constitution conform to the irtesistible
will of the majouty."
Well may the President say that any other prin-
ciple of deciding great and important questions
than that by a direct vote of the people, who are
the legitimate source of all political power, is ut-
terly void. And what question can be higher or
more important than that of a constitution r The
people cannot, a nd never will, rest satisfied, except
bv their own direct action. They will be restless
and excited as the heaving ocean, which is only
stilled by omnipotent power. So with a dissatis-
fied and exasperated people: their own potential
voice alone will quiet their agitated feelings and
give them peace.
If there ever was a Territory in which the whole
people should have a direct vote upon their con-
stitution, it is that of Kansas. The people there
have long been divided in political sentiment, and
bitter and deadly feeimsrs of hate have been en- .
gendered, leading to civil war and bloodshed. If ■
such had not been the case, and the people w-n-e
harmonious in sentiment m regard to their con-;
stitution, no great evil would result in admitting
Kansas as a State, if her people desired it. But
such is not the fact. It is boldly declared that
the Lecompton constitution is not of their making,
but has been condemned and disowned by them
at the election on the 4th of January, by a major-
ity of over ten thousand votes against it.
At the election on the 21st December, the m^yoiity for the
constitution was    5,574
More than one half of which, however, was cast at
those very sparsely-settled precincts in the Terri-
tory, two of them in the Shawnee reserve, on land
not open for settlement:
Oxford, Johnson county   1,266
Shawnee, Johnson county............... 72D
Kickapoo, Leavenworth county  1,017
 3,012
Which being deducted from the pretended majority
leaves in tavorofthe constitution....  9,5($
But assuming this election to have been all fair
and valid, and the returns to have been genuine,
and the voters to have been citizens of the Terri-
tory, notwithstanding the recent developments of
the enormous frauds at the polls and in the re-
turns, how does the case then stand on a compar-
ison of the result of the two elections?
At the election on the 4th of January, the majority against the
constitution was  10,064
At the el ection on the 21st of December, the majority
in favor of the consutution, as presented to Con-
gress, was    5,574
Showing a elearmajorityagainst the constitution, on
comparison of the returns of the two elections,
and supposing each to have been fair and legal, of 4,490
If,from this calculation, arededucted the fraud-
ulent votes, according to the statement of the pre-
siding officers of the two Houses of the Legislature,
who were present at the opening of the polls and
the counting of the votes, by the invitation of the
Presideiit of the convention, there is, then, a ma-
jority of more than eight thousand, or four to one
of all the legal voters of Kansas in opposition to
the constitution.
And here, Mr. Chairman, I would say a word
in regard to the votes cast at the election in Kan-
sas on the 4th of January. We are told by the
President that we must disregard that vote as
being illegal. Whether so or not, wc have the
important fact, that a majority of over ten thou-
sand votes were cast against the Lecompton con-
stitution at that election, and that is the expres-
sion of the will of the people of Kansas through
the ballot-box, spoken at the very first opportu-
nity they had of making it known; foronthe21sk
December last they were not permitted to casta
single vote against the constitution, although at
full liberty to vote for it.
The vote on the 4th January was under a law
of t\n extra session of the Territorial Legislature,
comened bv the late acting Governor Stanton.
at once communicated the fact to Secretary
Cass of the calling of the Legislature, and the Sec-
retary , by the authority of the President, instruct*
ed Governor Denver, who succeeded Stanton,who
was removed, to respect the rightful action of the
Legislature convened by his predecessor. And
fuither more, " should it (the Legislature) au-
thouze an election for any purpose, this election
should be held without interruption, no less than
those authorized by the convention." Here,then,
was on election held by the authority of a legal
Legislature, and protected by the Governor of the
Territory at the instance and by the authority of
the President, and yet the President says that the
votes cast at that election against the constitution
are not to influence or affect our minds; or in other
words, we are utterly to disregard the clear and
emphatic will of the people. Why did he not say
in advance to Governor Denver, that the vote
against the constitution would be considered as
il?egal,and not to regard it > But he permitted it
to go on, and Governor Denver received the re-
turns of the vote, cast them up, and certified to the
result, yet we are now gravely told that the whole
thing is illegal and wrong.
But the vote, Mr. Chairman, on the Lecomp-
ton constitution on the 4th of January, was a le-
gal one. The law of the Territorial Legislature
authorizing it was legal. That Legislature had
full power to make it, and it would have been dere-
lict in its duty to the people of Kansas, not to have
done so. It was the Territorial Legislature which
authoiizfd the holding of the convention that
adopted the Lecompton constitution; and it was
the Territorial Legislature which authorized the
vote on the 4th of January. The convention had
no power to deprive that Legislature of the right
of passing laws for the benefit and protection of
