1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
for the constitution with slavery, the president of
the convention is to submit to Congress the con-
stitution unaltered; but, if " a majority of the legal
votes cast at said election be in favor of the ' con-
stitution with no slavery,' then the article pro-
viding for slavery shall be stricken from the con-
stitution by the president of the convention, and
slavery shall no longer exist in the State of Kan-
sas, except that the right of property in slaves
now in this Territory shall in no manner be inter-
fered with."
The general proposition is, that, if the people
vote for the constitution with no slavery, the arti-
cle allowing slavery shall be stricken out, and that
slavery shall not exist in Kansas, except as re-
gards the right of property in existing slaves.
Such was the question submitted; and I have said
that the only question on which the people of Kan-
sas were divided was, whether the institution of
slavery should be established in Kansas, lhold
the evidence of it in my hand; not a newspaper
report, not a telegraph dispatch, but " the pro-
ceedings of the people of Kansas in mass meeting
at Topeka on the 4th of July, 1856," when we
were deliberating here in reference to their admis-
sion under the Topeka constitution, I take it for
granted that the facts asserted in their resolutions
will not be denied by their supporters here. These
resolutions were sent to me at the time in a letter
from Chicago, and I presume other Senators re-
ceived similar letters during the session of 1856,
inclosing the proceedings of the Topeka mass
meeting, after they had elected their Legislature
and organized their revolutionary government. I
shall refer to another of their resolutions here-
after, for a different purpose:
" We, the people of Kansas, in mass convention assem-
bled at Topeka, Julv 4, 1856, m favor of preserving foiever
the freedom of this Territory and State, and the total exclu-
sion of slavery, do herein distinctly state our position and our
cause, that our fellow-citizens in the North and the South,
at the East and the West, as well as at the Government of
the United States, may rightly appreciate our motives and
conduct.
" 1. We do most solemnly declare before God and our
fellow men, that we have asked no more than a fair and
impartial vote ; a free vote on the part of the citizens of tins
Termoiy as to whether the institution of slavery should or
should not be established m this Territory."
These resolutions were adopted on the 4th of ;
July, 1856. In October, 1856, under a law passed
in July, 1855, by the Territorial Legislature, an
election was held to determine whether a conven-
tion to frame a State constitution should be called,
and the people of Kansas decided that it should
be called. At this election none of those people
voted. They adhered to the Topeka constitution,
and continued in a revolutionary attitude. The
Territorial Legislature, in obedience to the decis-
ion of the people, m February, 1857, passed an
act prescribing the time, place, and manner of
electing delegates to a convention to form a con-
stitution; and the act was framed on the model of
the bill rejected here by the House of Represent-
atives in the summer of 1856. Was this law not
fair? Did it contain any of those test oaths or
restrictions on the right of voting which were the
grounds of objection to voting in 1856? None
•whatever.
The election of delegates, under this act, was
held in June, 1857, and the Topeka party still re-
fused to exercise the right of suffrage, though it
was fully secured by the provisions of the law.
If they had the majority, which is alleged, and
had performed their duties as citizens, they might
have elected a majority of the delegates, and
formed such a constitution as they desired. The
delegates elected by the law-abiding citizens of
Kansas at this election, formed a State constitu-
tion with a view to admission into the Union as
a State. They had the authority, as there was
no restriction in the law under which they were
elected, to form a valid constitution without sub-
mitting it for ratification-, but they did submit tins,
the only question upon which the Topeka party
solemnly aeclaied they asked for a fair and im-
partial vote—" whether the institution of slavery
should or should not be established" in Kansas.
The election was held December 21, 1857, and
still this alleged majority, notwithstanding their
declaration, refused to vote.
The objection that they were compelled to vote
for the constitution whichever way their vote was
cast, is the mere pretense of disorganizes. On
their own declaration, all they wanted was a fair
vote on the question of slavery. It was given to
them; but when it was given, the same spirit of
disorganization which originallyled to the Topeka
constitution existed to a sufficient extent to pre-
vent them, in disregard of their own declaration,
from voting at an election at which, if they had ■
a majority, they might have determined that the
institution of slavery should not exist in Kansas.
It is by their own default and wrong that the
constitution of Kansas presented to us toleratps
the institution of slavery; and unless every rule
of law and order is to be abandoned, that consti-
tution has been ratified by the people of Kansas.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senator from 1
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] with the aid of the hon- ]
orable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] i
attempts to establish that this is all a trick ; that
the constitution as submitted, even if the people
had voted for striking out the slavery clause,
would have left slavery as a permanent institution
of the State, not only as to the right of property
in existing slaves, but as to the issue of all exist-
ing slaves, and would have prevented manumis-
sion. The minority of the committee, in the views
which they present, at page 86, say:
" They framed a constitution establishing slavery in two
form-?—first, for perpetuating in slavery all slaves then 111
the Territoiy and their progeny, and prohibiting abolition ;
second, allowing their unlimited introduction with their
owners for settlement. They then provided for submit-
ting this constitution to the people, professedly for their ap-
proval or rejection on the 21st day of December, 1857, but
m this form only, that they might vote ' the constitution
with slavery,' or ( the coiu-titution with no slavery.' ]f
the former had a majority, the whole constitution was
adopted; if the latter had a majority, it rejected only that
clause allowing the tuither impoitation 01 Maves. They
were not aliosved to vote against the constitution ; «o it was
to be adopted, however objectionable, and to be a slave-
holdmg State, in any event. In this manner the first object
was to be effected."
The honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] in hi.* remarks, is more explicit; and so
is the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
I will read what the honorable Senator from New
York said, because the view taken by both is pre-
cisely the same; and I mean to controvert it. In
the pamphlet speech of the honorable Senator
from New York, at page 9, he uses this language:
" Each voter was permitted to cast a ballotc for the con-
stitution with slavery,' or 'for the constitution with no
slavery;' and it was further provided,that the constitution
should stand entire, if a tnajonty of votes should be cast for
f the constitution with slavery while, on the othei hand, if
the riMjonty of votes cast should be ' for the constitution
with no slavery,' then the eating slavery should not lie dis-
turbed, but should lemam, with u> continuance, by the suc-
cession of its unhappy victim^ by descent forever. But
even this miserable shadow of a choice between foims of a
slave-State constitution was made to depend on the taking
of a test oath."
The allegation is, that slavery was to remain
forever the condition of the issue as well as of the
parents. That is the point in question between
us. I hold that, by the practice of every State in
this Union which has ever emancipated slaves,
unborn issue has never been treated as property.
It is an expectancy; it may or it may not be born.
It might as well be contended that, if the lasv of
primogeniture existed in a State, and there was
an heir apparent, the Legislature could not alter
the law of descent, because, if it were not altered,
the heir apparent would inherit the whole to the
exclusion of his brothers and sisters. The law
of entail affords a more striking illustration; and I
yet most States of the Union have abolished u
without considering that they violated any right
of property. The right of the heir is an expect-
ancy alone; it is not capable of sale; it is not
property. So, too, in the case of slaves, the right
to the issue is a mere expectancy; it is not capa-
ble of sale; it is not property until the issue is
born, because there is nothing upon which the
right of property can attach; and that I suppose
to be settled law. There is no State of the Union
which has not acted upon this principle in abol-
ishing slavery. In my OW41 State, in several in-
stances, laws have been passed setting free the
issue born after a certain day, where the Legisla-
ture would not have ventured to affect the right
of property in the individual who was actually
existing as property.
It is true that, through the ingenuity and ability
of the honorable and learned Senator from Ver-
mont, we are referred by the Senator from Mich-
igan to the first clause of the constitution of Kan-
sas in relation to slavery, as showing what its
framers thought of the right of property in slaves.
By the provisions, however, of the clause author-
izing the vote upon slavery, that article was to be
stricken out, and therefore could have no obliga-
tory effect if the people voted for the constitution
" with no slavery." But the article remains in
the constitution as adopted, butin reality is noth-
ing more than a general declaration, and, like
many other general declarations in constitutions,
has no legal effect whatever. The language of
the first scction of the seventh article is:
" The right of property is before and higher than any con-
stitutional sanction, and the right of the owner of a slave
to such slave and its increase is the same, and as inviolable
as the right of the owner of any property whatever."
But be the construction of this article what it
may, it was, in the event of the vote being in fa-
vor of the constitution " with no slavery," to be
stricken out, and if stricken out, its provisions
could have no legal effect or bearing, even for the
purpose of interpretation, on the construction of
that which remained as part of the constitution.
The construction would rest upon the legal prin-
ciples properly applicable to the interpretation «f
any constitution.
If the people of Kansas had voted for the con-
stitution "with no slavery," the first section of
the seventh article being stricken out, the provis-
ion in relation to slavery reads thus:
" And slavery shall no longer exht in the State of Kan-
sas except that the right of property m slaves now in the
Teintoiyshall in no manner be interfered with."
If slavery is no longer to exist in the State of
Kansas, and the exception merely being that no
interference shall be had with slaves now in the
State of Kansas, can there be a rational doubt that
persons born afterwards are not now in the State
of Kansas,, within the plain import of the lan-
guage ? I do not say that this language would not
cover an infant en ventre sa mere, but it would go
no further. The right of property in issue does
not exist until the issue is born, and by the pro-
vision slavery is positively prohibited, with the
exception, that the vested, right of property in
slaves then in the Territory, is guarded against
confiscation.
The Legislature of every State in the Union
which has abolished slavery, has always guarded
and protected the sacred right of property in ex-
isting slaves precisely as Kansas provided in her
constitution, in the event that the decision of the
people was against the continuance of the insti-
tution of slavery. In an ordinary act of legisla-
tion abolishing slavery after a given clay, and ex-
cepting the right of property in existing slaves,
on no rule of legal interpretation could the issue
of a slave born after that day be held as a slave;
for such a construction would make the exception
overrule the general object and intent of the law,
as well as the natural import of the words, which
is entirely inadmissible. The same iuIcs of in-
terpretation would be applicable to the constitu-
tion of Kansas, if it had been adopted " with no
slavery;" and m that event the issue of a slave
boin after its adoption would have been free, for
a contrary construction would be in conflict, not
only with the language, but the geneial intent of
the clause which declares that " slavery shall no
longer exist in Kansas."
So strong has the conviction of the necessity of
guarding property against legislative confiscation
always been in the minds of the people of this
country that, although the clause which prohib-
its the taking of private property for public use
without compensation did not exist at its original
adoption in the Constitution of the United States,
it was ratified by some of the States with the ex-
press proviso that such a clause should be in-
serted, and it was among the fiist of the amend-
ments adopted. I presume there is not a State
of the Union whose constitution dues* not contain
a provision which guards the right of property
against seizure by the public, except upon com-
pensation given. What more in any legal intend-
ment, or any rational construction, does this ex-
ception in the constitution of Kansas do than
secure the right of pioperty in existing slaves m
Kansas, at the time of the adoption of the con-
stitution. The general provision is that slavery
shall no longer exist in Kansas if the people so
will. If it had stopped there, can any one doubt
