186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
that the effect would have been* as the Consti-
tution of the United States does not interfere, to
set free every slave in Kansas? But then comes
the exception looking to and guarding the right
of property, which is done in all civilized com-
munities, and certainly it would be a reproach to
any State in this Union if she confiscated or de-
stroyed that which was held and treated previously
as property, founded upon any freak of fanati-
cism, or even any real public good, moral or ma-
terial in its character, without compensation to
the owners of that property. That is all that the
constitution of Kansas provides in the event that
the people of Kansas determined that the State
should not tolerate slavery.
If, then, Mr. President, the revolutionary por-
tion of the people of Kansas had chosen to vote
for the ratification of that constitution without
slavery, at this day no slave could exist in Kansas
who was not there in existence at the time when
that constitution was ratified, unless we reject the
constitution, and then slavery will remain the law
of the Territory, under the decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, until the people
of Kansas form a State constitution prohibiting it.
The convention properly and fairly, by no trick,
but in accordance with this very Topeka resolu-
tion, which,in July, 1856,announced, before God
and their country, that the only question which
they desired to see fairly decided by an election
was whether the institution of slavery should be
established in Kansas, submitted to a fairvote of
the people the only question which they said they
desired to have so submitted for their decision.
After the declarations at the Topeka mass meet-
ing of their own protegest the other side are pre-
cluded from saying there was any other question
of dispute bctv/een the people of Kansas than that
of slavery. All they asked was granted, and I
think I give the legal interpretation of this con-
stitution, as it would be decided in any court of
justice in this country.
The honorable Senator from Michigan seems
to admit, apart from the seventh article of this
constitution, that the Legislature would have a
right to abolish slavery without making compen-
sation forunborn issue of slaves. If they have the
right to do that—and it has been done unques-
tioned in every State of the Union which has be-
come a noti-slaveholding State—yet I believe in
every State which has hitherto abolished slavery,
they have sacredly guarded existing rights of
property. They have suffered the existing slave
to remain the property of his ntaster, or provided
for compensation. If I mistake not, in tho State
of my honorable friend from New Jersey [Mr.
Thomson] there are slaves still in existence; and
nlso one or two in the State of Pennsylvania; al-
though slavery has been abolished (here for years.
The men of that day, whatever may bo the spirit
of rccklcss fanaticism in ours, resided pioperly,
no matter what it was founded upon—recognized
property asa thing which no civilized community
could touch without compensation.
Mr. President, there is another question con-
nected with this Kansas constitution which shows
howunjustly there have been attributed to the men
who formed it, designs of fraud, violence, and
trickery, and other terms of opprobrium, which
have been .so lavished upon them by the honor-
able Senator fiom Michigan. 1 am aware that
fraud is a very resonant word, and that repetition
of the charge—mere lepefition—too often creates
a belief in its existence; but it should not be for-
gotten that assei f ion is not proof, nor violence of
invective, evidence of rational conclusions. This
very constitution of Kansas, which, it is said, as
adopted, is meant to establish slavery, does not,
m fact,establish if beyond legislative control. It
only tolerates and authorizes slavery, but it leaves
the Legislature of the State, 011 the principle of
compensation for property, without any change of
the constitution, at liberty to abolish slavery in
Kansas, and to prevent the migration of slaves
into Kansas whenever they see fit. Such is the
provision. 1 will read it, and we shall then see
how causeless ts this outcry about the attempt to
restrict the rights of the people. The right is
given to a Legislature elected biennially by the
will of the majority, on simply respecting exist-
ing rights of prnnetty, if they consider it neces-
sary for the publie benefit whether material or
moral, in their discretion to abolish slavery in
Kansas by the payment of a sum not exceeding
$150,000. Here is the provision. Article seven,
section two, provides:
" The Legislature shall have no power to pass laws for
the emancipation of slaves without the consentof the own-
•ers, or without paying the owners, previous to their eman-
cipation, a fall equivalent in money for the slaves so eman-
cipated."
The article does not establish slavery; it leaves
it in the power of the Legislature, if the owner of
the property consents, or if he does not consent,
on the payment of the value of his property, to
emancipate the slave for the general purposes of
the public. Is that an establishment of slavery?
The further provision is:
« They frhall have 110 powei to prevent emigrants to the.
State from hunting with them such petsons as arc doomed
slaves by the laws of any one of the United States or Terii-
tories, so long as> any person of the same age or description
shall be continued m slavery by the laws of tins State."
These provisions are the only restrictions upon
the legislative control of slavery in the constitu-
tion of Kansas. The Legislature which lias been
elected, when it organizes, upon payment of not
more than one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars, can set every slave free in Kansas, and pro-
hibit the future introduction of slaves from other
States. There can be no doubt of the correctness
of this construction by any intelligent lawyer who
will read the section. It does not provide that
slavery shall not be prohibited by the Legislature
of Kansas, but that it shall not be prohibited ex-
cept with the consent of the owners, or on payment
of an equivalent in money for the value of the slave
emancipated. Itdoes not provide that the Legis-
lature shall not prohibit the immigration of slaves
from other States recognizing slavery into Kansas,
but thatitshallnot prohibitthemaslongas Kansas
has similar property recognized and existing with-
in her limits. Now, we have the authority of Gov-
ernor Walker, which at this moment, 1 suppose,
whatever might be the case formerly, gentlemen
on the other side, or those who differ with us on
this side, will hardly dispute—it is a matter with
which he must have been acquainted—that there
arc not three hundred slaves in Kansas. Sup-
pose we average them at $500 apiece—1 think,
myself, the soil and climate of Kansas are only
adapted to slavery in a small portion of the Ter-
ritory, and the probabilities therefore are, if you
take into consideration the state ofscntiment there
and the insecurities of that kind of property, that
the average would be overestimated, if you value
a slave at $500: you have, then, as the outside
limit the people of Kansas would have to pay for
obtaining this great good, and for getting rid of
this enormous outragewhieh has been fruitful of
so much declamation, $150,000. We have been
told that slavery is established there by this con-
stitution, so that it cannot be interfered with until
18(>4, and yet 1 have shown you that, for $150,000
paid to the owneis of slaves, or probably for a
much smaller sum! the Legislature, without any
change of the constitution, can abolish slavery m
Kansas and prohibit the introduction of any more
slaves into the State by a mftre law, whenever the
people who elect them as the exponents of their
will, see fit to require such action. It is clear,
therefore, that the present constitution of Kansas
tolerates but docs not establish slavery, and that
ii is in the power of the Legislature, on the simple
condition that they shall not violate the right of
property in existing slaves withoutcompensaLion,
to make Kansas a free State to-morrow if they
weie in session.
I am aware, sir, that I have consumed much
time, and I may have to consume much more if
my strength does not fail; for there are many and
varied objections made to the admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution which should
not be passed unnoticed. I have discussed such
of them as I deem most material; but there are
two more which I cannot pass without comment.
The honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
who, I have no doubt, entertains his opinions
quite as conscientiously as I do mine, and always
enunciates them with great frankness and bold-
ness, though sometimes, perhaps, wTTen underthe
excitement of debate, with a harshness of expres-
sion as regards the opinions orconduct of others,
which his own calmer judgment would not sub-
sequently 1 citify—the honorable Senater fiom
Ohio, in the speech which he made in this debate,
alluding to the action of those who organized the
Topeka constitution, (whom I intend to show
were revolutionists and rebels,) said:
" There was no rebellion in the action of these people;
nothing unlawful in it. Whatever they may have &aid—
and I donor know what they said, for I do not watch men's
words much ; their actions are what I take cognizance of;
their actions are what the law takes cognizance of—the peo-
ple of Kansas, in framing that constitution, have done noth-
ing more than they had a perfect light, as American citi-
zens, to do; and I challenge all the legal acumen of this
body to contradict what I now declare."
Again, he said of their action:
" Rut did they promise to organize under it in defiance
of the laws of the United States? Notatall. Fromthetime
they called the convention, they always accompanied their
action with a notice that it was to be submitted to the Con-
gress of the United States for their approval or disapproval.
It took barely the foim of a petition; nothing more nor
les^.'5
Much as I may respect the honorable Senator
from Ohio, I stand at issue with him here. I have
before me the Housedocument which contains the
Topeka constitution, and I intend to refer to it.
I agree with him that actions are more to be relied
upon than words. We are not to judge by what
they said alone, but by the acts which accompa-
nied what they said. The Senator from Ohio de-
clares that the' friends of the Topeka constitution
did not assume a revolutionary or rebellious atti-
tude; that their government was intended to be
provisional only, and not to go into efFcctbut with
the consent of Congress. That is what I have
contended for as to the constitution framed by the
people of Kansas under the authority of the law.
I shall endeavor to show that such is not the char-
acter of the Topeka constitution.
The Senate will recollect that under the Lecomp-
ton constitution no organization is to take place
until Congress have admitted the State, because
the Legislature is never to assemble if the State be
not admitted. No officer is to be sworn in or
enter upon the performance of his duties until
after Congress have admitted the State into the
Union. There can be no doubt that the intention
was to create a government only with the consent
of Congress.
Now, let us examine the Topeka constitution.
In the month of August, 1855, after the meeting
of the first Territorial Legislature, a determina-
tion was made on the part of a portion of the in-
habitants of Kansas, incited, as I suppose, by ex-
terior influences, to set the territorial government
atdefianee. They held a mass meeting; they de-
termined to have an election in disregard and in
defiance of the law of the Territory, and they ap-
1 pointed judges for the purpose of holding this
; election. They did hold it; they elected delegates
to a convention, and they adopted a constitution
which was submitted for ratification to the people
in 1855, and was reported to have been ratified by
a vote of between seventeen hundred and two
thousand persons—the number is immaterial.
Their action was without color of legal authority,
and revolutionary and lawless throughout. In
the schedule which accompanies the Topeka con-
stitution, the provision is:
''The General Assembly shall meet on the 4th day of
Maich, A. J). 18.36. at the city of Topeka at twelve, 111.; at
which tutu: and place the Governor, .Lieutenant Governor,
Secretary of Stare, judge of the supieme court, trea^uicr,
auditor, Slate printer, fepoiter, and eleik of the supreme
court, and attorney general, hhall appear, take the oath of
office, and enter upon the discharge of the duties of their
respective offices under this constitution; and shall continue
in ofiice  n the same manner and duung the same peuod
they would have done had they been elected on the fust
i Monday of August, A. I). 1856."
j Nothing is said as to the consent of Congress;
I no provision is made in regard to admission into
: the Union as a State; but a time fixed when the
j officers are to be sworn in and enter upon the per-
! formance of their duties. Every officer elected
; by these people under their revolutionary action
I was to be sworn into office, and a government to
| be organized withoutapplication to Congress. Is
j not that revolution ? What is the meaning of rev-
olution and rebellion? Iam aware that, in the
| primitive or original sense in which the word rev-
: olution or revolutionary was used, it meant siin-
I ply a change of government; but the words have
| long since lost theirprimitivc meaning. The Eng-
| hsh revolution of 1688 was a revolution. Why?
1 Because it was in defiance of the existing govcrn-
1 ment of the country. The Lords and Commons
