IBS
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
December 22,
The recognition of popular sovereignty by the
repeal of the Missouri line, consisted in the fact
that it placed the question of slavery where all
others previously were. It did not provide, nor
did it contemplate, nor did its supporters imagine,
nor did its author intimate, that it contemplated
the submission of every bank proposition, every
internal improvementprojet, every school system,
every election qualification in a new constitution,
to the people, before the people by and for whom
it was formed should be admitted into the Union.
Any attempt at that time to so shape its language as
to place that construction on it, would have been
resisted—I can venture, forthe truth of this asser-
tion, to appeal to those about me who acted with
its author at the time of its introduction—not only
as an uncalled-for and unnecessary innovation
upon the past usage of the Government, but as in
conflict with that very popular sovereignty which
its author then so ably advocated, and for which
he now declaims, by denying to the people their
right to delegate their power and authority.
If the constitution of Kansas comes here, as
we are told it will, without previous submission
to the popular vote, I shall regret the fact as much
as any gentleman on this floor, or any citizen
throughout the Republic; but yet, if it comes here
under such circumstances, it will no t be an isolated
exception to a general rule. Whence this new-
born anxiety as to the manner in which that
particular constitution shall come before Con-
gress? The rule, on the contrary, has been quite
the reverse; for, as the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Green] so ably told us, a few days since,
a majority of the new States, Indiana, Ohio, and
Illinois, included, have been admitted with con-
stitutions which had not previously received the
popular sanction, and no complaint followed,
either from the States or Congress. Such man-
ner of submission has heretofore met the sanction
of the Senator from Illinois himself. I do not
make this allusion to convict him of inconsist-
ency, because I know not and cate not whether
he has been inconsistent or not. As lie well said,
yesterday, it has no bearing whatever on this
question; and if attempts to convict each other
of inconsistencies are to constitute the staple ar-
gument on this question, I fancy very few of us
will escape unscathed. This manner of submis-
sion has before met his sanction, both positive
and implied; positive, 111 his having voted for the
admission of States with constitutions similarly
formed and similarly presented; implied, in his
having, jointly with others, fiamed .t permissory
act for Kansas, without providing for the sub-
mission of the constitution it contemplated to the
people, before that constitution came here. If
that permissory act had passed both branches of
Congress, and become a law, the result would
have been precisely what it now is.
Emanating as it did, from a Democratic source
—the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] and
the Senator from Illinois—it met the unqualified
opposition of the opposite, or Republican partv.
That opposition would have been manifested in
Kansas precisely as has their opposition to every
other proposition not emanating from the Topeka
faction, precisely as has their opposition to the ter-
ritorial law calling a convention, namely, by their
refusal to vote at the election of delegates to a con-
vention . Such has been the policy and course of the
Topeka faction within Kansas, and their abettors
and sympathizers without. They have constantly
refused to recognize any law in Kansas, except it
was the work of the self-constituted law-makers
of their own faction. They have refused to obey
any law there, or hold it worthy of obedience,
except the will of that faction. Their refusal to
vote at the election of delegates, under the con-
gressional permissory act, would have resulted
precisely as has their refusal to vote under the
territorial act. The same kind of constitution
would have been formed and presented here in
the same manner, without previous submission.
The manner then would have been chargeable to
Congress, especially the Democratic portion, and
particularly the authors of the bill. Now it is
chargeable to the people of the Territory, through
their Territorial Legislature, and chargeable 111
the present case, as it would have been in the
former, because of the omission to provide fonts
submission. If the present constitution h.id come
here under the congressional permissory act, as it
would if that act had passed, in all probability, it
is scarcely to be believed that it would have met
the same reception it has now, from the same
source—that a demand would have been made by
the Senator from Illinois that it should previously
be submitted to the people; that he would have
been as prompt to condemn his own work as he
now is that of others.
It is objected to this constitution that it was
formed by a convention called into existence by
a Territorial Legislature—a body, which those
making the objection believe not possessed of
tho right or authority to make the call. In my
estimation, this objection might have been well
taken in the earlier days of the Republic, but it is
too late to take it now, after the oft-repeated rec-
ognition of this right by admitting new States,
whose constitutions have been similarly framed
and presented. Usage, it need not be said, be-
comes, in legislative matters, law. Moreover, the
Kansas organic act itself refutes this objection,
giving, as it does, to tho people of that Territory,
the right to " form and regulate their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way." Then, if they had
not previously the right to call a convention by
and through the Territorial Legislature, either as
a necessary incident to the right to act through
delegates or representatives, or as bestowed on
them by the past usage of the Government xij
admitting man^ States with constitutions framed
by conventions thus called into existence, that
act explicitly gives them the right.
! The case of Arkansas has been cited here. It
has very little bearing on this. No Kansas act,
no organic law, permitting the people of Arkansas
to " form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way " was enacted for that Territory.
Conscious that this objection has really little
valid foundation, some of those making it resort to
j another, namely, that the Territorial Legislature,
J which called this convention was, in their parlance,
j a " bogus" one, an illegal one, and that, being
; illegal, neither the convention it formed, nor the
I constitution framed by that convention, can be
! legal. The Senator from Illinois (and'I really feel
I myself under the necessity of begging his pardon,
I and that of the Senate, for such frequent reference
j to hini; but it is unavoidable, as I have said,
; because of his previous connection with Kansas
| matters, and because his argument has been the
only one in the Senate on that side of the case, in
'opposition to my views)—the Senator from Illi-
| 1101s does notagree with those who affirm the first
; of these propositions; in other words, he asserts
the legality of the Tenitorial Legislature of Kan-
sas, but he is understood to concur with the
Topeka men in affirming the two latter.
Now, sir, Congress (the Senator from Illinois
I included) having repeatedly acknowledged the
legality of the Territorial Legislature, it is very
| difficult to perceive by what process of special
I pleading we are to avoid acknowledging the legal-
j ity of its acts if they do not conflict with the
■ Constitution of the United States or the Kansas
organic act. That many, and perhaps a majority
i of the citizens of Kansas, did not vote eitliei at
i the election of representatives to the Territorial
( Legislature, or delegates to tho convention, may
j be true. Where is your remedy? You cannot '
compel men to vote. They can only be permitted
j and invited to do so. If a part in any given com-
munity, in order to subserve some particular po- !
litical purpose, to supply pabulum, it may be, for !
some political party, to promote the purposes of i
some partisan leader, neglect or reject the invita- j
tion, and will not vote, is the machinery of Gov- \
eminent hence to stop, and society to resolve i
itself into anarchy > Because some political party
or, perhaps, a sufficiency of them to change a j
majority, will not vote, aro those who will do so i
to be deprived of any government'' Permit such 1
an absurdity, and you deprive New York of any
State government during the period for which its
officers were recently elected. Admit such an 1
absurdity, and you enable any faction to over- '
; turn your Government by keeping away from the
polls, especially if they can substantiate a prob-
ability that the majority and the laws would have
been different if they had voted.
i Our Government is one of checks and balances;
: and some of its cheeks apply even to the people ]
themselves. Among the objects of our Govern- !
. input, one is to protect tile legal rights of the '
; minority against an illegal assumption or deftial I
! of those rights by a majority. While the right I
of the majority to rule is clearly recognized, it
must rule in a legal manner. If a majority re-
solve itself into a mob, and will neither vote nor
observe law or order, the minority who are law-
abiding, who form and obey government, cannot
be deprived of the benefits and protection of that
government by such majority. Is mobocracy to
be substituted for democracy? The denial, by the
Topeka faction, of the legality of the Territorial
Legislature is a part of their plan to subserve a
particular purpose. They design thereby to force
upon Congress a retrospective recognition of the .
Topeka constitution, with the officials created
under its pretended adoption. Hence their pro-
claimed determination to receive no constitution,
not even that framed at Topeka, from tho hands
of the late convention. Its acceptance now would
imply the necessity of a future election, and the
Robinsons and Lanes, and their sympathizers
here, are apprehensive they might not be as suc-
cessful at those elections as they were at such
as were ordered and controlled by themselves.
Therefore they demand the recognition, and of
course the legalization of the Topeka constitution
of the past, with all its attendant anarchy, all its
attendant defiance of the legal territorial and con-
stitutional authorities, and indeed with all its fac-
tious treason. In furtherance of this demand they
take exceptions to certain portions of the present
constitution other than the slavery clause. Tothat
they do not deem it advisable to object, because
being submitted to the popular vote, they know
that it will be expected of them by the world out-
side of that Territory, if they have the majority
they claim, that they show their majority by
rejecting that clause.
A comparison of the features to which they
object in the Lecompton constitution, with sim-
ilar ones in that of Topeka, which they profess to
have adopted, is favorable to the former, showing
that their objections are merely factious. Among
these objections is, that twenty years' citizenship
is required as a qualification for Governor. Their
own—the Topeka constitution—permits a semi-
barbarous Indian to bo Governor! There is a
bank clause in both; and if there be any choice
where, as in matters of banks, all is evil, that
choice is clearly in favor of the Lecompton instru-
ment, because the bank for which that provides
cannot go into operation without the previous
assent of the people. Both contain a clause pro-
hibiting amendment for a certain number of years
in the future. I grant you it is a dead letter in
both, because the people will amend or change
their constitution in their own good time. In the
Topeka instrument this prohibition extends to
1865. The conduct of that Topeka faction, their
resistance to legal territorial and national au-
thority, their incipient rebellion, arc yet too fresh
in the minds of our people to permit a direct
proposition to be seriously entertained for one
moment, to legalize their acts; yet we are called
upon to do so indirectly; we are called upon to
truckle to this treasonable faction, to humbly ask
it whether this oi some other constitution will best
subserve its purposes. We are asked to ignore
the existence of any law-abiding citizens in Kan-
sas to place such men in power and position.
The compromise of 1850 and the Kansas act of
1854 based upon it; both recognize in the people
of the Territories the same right and power pos-
sessed by the people of the States, namely; the
right and power to govern themselves, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States and
the laws necessary to enforce it. The recognition
of this right and power has resulted, in all except'
two of our present Territories, in the formation
of a legal and orderly government of the character
contemplated. The two exceptions are Utah and-
Kansas. Ill the former, usurpation, defiance of
and opposition to the constitutional authorities of
the country have resulted; in the latter, anarchy
and faction, and a determination to yield obedience
to no law except the offspring of faction. The
remedy m the former case is a plain one—it is
force. In the latter the only remedy must be the
recognition of the acts of such law-abiding citi-
zens as have evinced a willingness to be governed
and to govern themselves by yielding obedience
to a constitutional and legal government. The in-
terests, the welfare, indeed I may say the safety,
not only of the neighboring States and Territo-
ries, but of the entire Confederacy, demand that
this Kansas controversy, a local one, should be
