1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2251
here frequently—that requires us to appropriate
money to repair the avenues and streets m this
city? If there is, perhaps it is our duty to appro-
priate this money. If not, I think it is about time
that we should intimate to the citizens and to the
municipal government of this city,that they should
begin to defray some of these expenses themselves.
I know they tell us, when we raise these objec-
tions, that they are already taxed as much as the
law of Congress will permit them to tax them-
ggj yg g
Mr.' J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
will allow me, f will answer his question, for I do
riot propose to debate his amendment. There is
no law requiring us to do this; but, as the Gov-
ernment owns a large amount of property in the
District of Columbia, and in the city of Washing-
ton, and as Pennsylvania avenue is the thorough-
fare between the Capitol and the Executive De-
partments, the Government has been in the habit
of aiding the city of Washington in grading and
repairing; the streets, being part owner of the prop-
erty. That is the principle on which it has been
done; and these repairs are necessary, unless you
choose to abandon your former practice.
Mr. KELSEY. I have heard the same argu-
ment in substance urged here before; arid I want
to know to what extent the people of Washington
expect us to go ? It is true that the Government
is a lars;c owner of property here; but it is also
true, that but for that fact the property of the cit-
izens would be worth nothing at all. The Gov-
ernment gives vahie to their property by putting
its own here, and then they turn round and want
us to bear all the expenses of the city because the
Government has conferred these benefits upon
them.
Now, for one, I am not disposed to go any fur-
ther in this direction, and I want to test the sense
of the House as to how long they are going to
continue this course of conduct towards the Dis-
trict. I heard it remarked, the other day, by a
gentleman on the street, that if we went on much
further, pretty soon we should have to make ap-
propriations to blacken the boots of the citizens
of the District, and it seems to me that we have
nearly reached that point. I shall insist on a vote
on my amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes seventy, noes not counted.
Mr. PEYTON. I offer the following amend-
ment, which is recommended by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds:
For mclosins. with a 'mttahle wooden fenc< , the public
re.-eiration on Mi-nouu avenue, hotwee.i Third and Fout-
and n-haif erects with a view of extending the nurseiy
of plants w.uch the Government has on said* reservation,
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. S?vlITH, of Virginia. I move to strike
out the following clause of the bill:
•• Foi tah'ng care of the grounds south of the Piesident'a
Ilome.contintmiijthe improvements on the same, and keep-
ing (licm in Oidm, $3,0lW."
1 desire information of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. We have passed
an appiopriation for the annual repairs of the
Piesidcnt's House,and the further improvement
of the grounds,and so forth, and here is another
clause for taking care of the grounds south of the
President's House,and continuing the improve-
ment of the same, 43=000. Now, I cannot see
the use of that division of the appropriation. 1
know the condition of these grounds very well,
and I hone this clause will be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I deszte to ask_the
gentleman fromVjrginia if he has notbeen invited
to the President's, [laughter,] because I must
lrally lefer him to my friend from PennsyJvania,
to h-eture him.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman has
a qurer way of showing his friendship.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not think that
this particular appropriation is of any sort of
interest to the President, and I behove that he
wouU be very glad to have it stricken out, if it is
here wrongfully*
[Cries of " Question 1" " GLuestion V']
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Virginia
is mistaken when he supposes that the two clauses
relate to the same pubhegrounds. The first clause
re hi ted to the grounds immediately about the Pres-
ident's House, but this relates to the grounds be-
tween the street south of the President's mansion
and the canal, upon which improvements have
been in progress for some time past. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means thought this appro-
priation necessary and proper.
[Loud cries of " Gtuestion!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is not a dol-
lar of the appropriation in the first clause that
may not be applied to these grounds south of the
President's House.
The amendment of Mr. Smith, of Virginia, was
rejected—ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend by striking
out the words " continuing the improvements of
the same," and reducing the appropriation to
$1,000, in the following paragraph: .
" For taking care of the grounds south of the President's
House, continuing the improvements of the same, and keep-
ing them m order, $3,000."
I offer that amendment in good faith. We are
told that we have not money enough in the Treas-
ury to continue the improvements in our rivers
and harbors, which are necessary for the wants
of our commerce, and for the protection of the
lives and property of our citizens. Wc are told
that there is not money enough in the Treas-
ury to warrant us in continuing the work on the
custom-houses in the various parts of the coun-
try, which are in process of construction, and
which will result in a great loss to the Govern-
ment in the shape of damages, in consequence of
the work being discontinued. And yet the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have reported, in this
bill, items for which there is not a hundredth part
the necessity that there is for those I have named.
Sir, if the condition of the Treasury is reduced
so low that we cannot afford the money to carry
on the ordinary expenses of the Government, if
we must carry on the work of retrenchment to
this extent, I say, let us commence heie in Wash-
ington. If we are not justified, m consideration
of the condition of the Treasury, in continuing
the work on public improvements throughout
the country, we are not justified in making this
appropriation for purchasing trees and plants in
these public grounds. I move, in addition to re-
ducing the appropriation, as I have indicated, to
strike out the words " and for continuing the im-
provements on the same." This will leave $1,000
for taking care of and keeping in order these
grounds, and which I think will be sufficient.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
'• Foi the payment oflaborers employed in shoveling t>now
fiom the wulks to and around tiif Capitol, the Pie^idnnt's ,
House, and the pavement4' along the Government reseiva-
tions on Pennsylvania avenue, £300."
My reason for making the motion is that there
is an abundance of laboreis employed on the pub-
lic grounds, who have nothing to do in the world;
and who can be employed to perform that service.
Mr. CLAY. Will the gentleman*name the par-
ties he wishes to omnloy ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The grounds upon
which the Committee of Way? and Means pagsed
upon these appropriations were these: the esti- ;
mates were sent to them, and they have cut the
amount down to the lowest point. If the gentle- .
man wants the snow to lie upon the walks next j
winter, if there should be snow, then he will vote 1
to strike out this appropriation. It would be a j
still better arrangement if the gentlemen would
provide that there should b^ no snow, and then :
there would be no necessity for the appropriation, i
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORGAN. If you will employ some of ;
the men who are employed by the year, and who ;
are idling away their tune during the winter with ,
nothing to do, there would bo no need of making ,
any appropriation for this put pose. There are :
men enough already employed to do this work, :
without employing: any more. J
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman. If the House ;
want tluswork done next winter, I do not believe j
they can get it done for less money, or in any
better way.
Mr. MORGAN called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment :
was not agreed to. !
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend !
the bill by striking out the following paragraph: j
'•For casual rcpausof the Patent Oince building,$3,000."
I make the motion for the purpose of asking
the chairman of the'Committee of Ways and
Means what casual repairs are needed on the
Patent Office building to the amount of $3,000 ?
I supposed that building was of such a character
that no repairs were needed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The word « cas-
ual," I believe, means incidental or contingent
repairs, which cannot be anticipated.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir, I know;
but what makes the necessity of .providing for
such a contingency? The budding is fire-proof;
and is constructed of marble and granite. I do
not see what repairs can be needed.
Mr. J.* GLANCY JONES. The experience
of the past shows that it is necessary to make*pro-
vision for these contingencies. They will always
arise; and I understand that this is the customary
amount to appropriate.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move to strike out the
following paragraph in the bill:
" For completing the west wing ofthe Patent Office build-
ing, filling up the southwest corner of the square, setting
the curb, ami i .using Ninth street m front of the building to
its pioper guide, .$50,000."
Mr. EUSTIS. I ask the gentleman from Lou-
isiana to withdraw his amendment a moment for
the purpose of allowing me to ask the Chair if
the amendment which 1 proposed yesterday in
reference to custom-houses and marine hospitals
is in order here ?
Mr. D AVIDSON. No, sir; I insist on my mo-
tion. I make the motion for the reason that I do
not think the Treasury is in a condition, at this
time, to warrant the expenditure of this appro-
priation, so long as it is in such a condition that
we cannot appropriate the money which is needed
to continue the work on the custom-houses which
are already under contract in the different parts
of the country.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means have not passed upon a single
item upon the ground thatwc believed,or did not
believe, it necessary*, but because if was required,
or was not required, to carry out provisions of
existing law. Now, sir, there is a law providing
for the erection and completion of this building; and
the money is necessary to comply with the pro-
visions of existing law. If you want to stop the
construction of this building, strike out the ap-
propriation; but if you want to have the building
completed, you must provide the means to finish it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania tells us that the Committee of Ways and
Means had not the power to discriminate; that
the law requires these buildings to be completed.
I ask the gentleman how it is that they discrimi-
nated against the custom-houses ? Does not the j
law require that they shall be completed ? Have
we not already expended thousands of dollars in
their construction ? They reported in favor of one
and not for the other, and I hope this committee
will reject their action.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The estimates for
the custom-houses were not before us.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Then I have to say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania this: that if the ne-
cessities of tins Government are so great at this
moment that the custom-houses under contract
have to be suspended, I do not see why these ap-
propriations for the District of Columbia should
be continued at this same time. Let us put them
ail upon the same footing, and let us wait until
the Government can draw bieath, if she is out of
breath, before we go on with either of them. If
there is no absolute necessity for completing the
custom-house at New Orleans, there is no abso-
lute necessity for completing the Patent Odxce ex-
tension. Ana I think the one ought to be stricken
out as the other has been stricken out; and I make
that motion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out the
words—
" For repining the rence round that po*tion of the Mali
upon which the Smithsonian Institution i  situated,
#1,000."
I do not think we are called upon to pay this
sum, especially as there is no money in theTreas-
uty belonging to the Smithsonian fund.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I desire to know
whether the gentleman desires me to hear any-
thing he saysr
