1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
and imminent danger, but still lead us on in the
path of peace, safety, and stability, as one and a
free people.
Mr. WORTENDYKE. I would like to ask a j
simple question of my colleague upon a matter :
in which I did not exactly understand him. lie j
spoke of the alteration of a constitution by revo- !
lution. I wish to inquire of him, whether the
change of the constitution of New Jersey, in 1844,
was a revolutionary change r j
Mr. A DRAIN. We did change onrconstitu- i
tion, but it was done peaceably, all the people ac- j
quiescingin it. I wish the gentleman to under- ,
stand that when I speak of a revolution, I do not j
necessarily mean that the people must rise and •
engage in a bloody revolution in order to accom-
plish the object they desire. A constitution may
be changed even against an express provision of
the constitution, if all the people acquiesce, yet it
is no less a revolutionary change.
Mr. SEARING Mr. Chairman, I rise, sir,
surrounded with all the embarrassments that ai'e
usually attendant upon the first effort to address
a legislative body; and, sir, 1 feel the position I
occupy more sensibly, from the fact that I see '
around me, in the occupancy of these seats, gen- i
tlemen skilled in legislation, versed in the history j
of the country, and who, from education and ex- i
perience, are most aptly fitted for the discharge
of the high and responsible duties the country has i
enjoined upon them. Rut, sir, I bring to the dis-
charge of the duty which my constituents have
assigned me, very little legislative experience; I
stand heie to-day sustained by none of those ad-
vantages or influences which the collegiate insti-
tutions of my country confer, but spunging di-
rectly from the ranks of the people, with whom,
from my earliest infancy, I have been identified,
and foitified only by the confident assurance on
their part, that here, in my place in these Hails, I
will honestly attempt to give utterance to their sen-
timents, protect their interests, sustain the honor
and dignity of my native State, and by every hon-
orable effort, preserve and perpetuate the har-
mony, peace, and concord, of all the States of the
Federal Union I shall not, Mr. Chairman, at-
tempt to etiter into a long and argumentative do-
bate upon all the points involved m thisdiscussion,
but will content myself with assigning some few
of the reasons which, in all human probability,
will govern my action m the final disposition of
this question.
If a stranger to our political history and insti- ^
tutions should be doomed to listen to all the j
speeches of our members and Senators, and pe- j
ruse the many reports, messages, and statistics, ■
relating to Kansas, her organization as a Terri- ;
tory, and her proposed admission as a State in i
this glorious Confederacy, he would nccessurily ;
consider the question as a grand political puzzle, j
to which there was no beginning and no end; and j
it would seem impossible for him to gain the thread .
or clew of this American labyrinth, and to trace
and follow out correct and sound conclusions to- :
wards its final solution. And, at times, I must ,
confess that the ingenious and spccial pleadings !
of the opponents of this measure seem to cover >
and include the merits of the case. And to clear j
my mind from doubts as to my own duties in the \
premises, I have to refresh my own memory upon
the history of our country and her institutions ,
prior to any serious agitation upon the subject of ;
slavery, and coolly review the obligations each j
part of this great nation must preserve to the oth- ,
ers, whether those obligations are written in the ;
Constitution and laws that govern us, or are made t
. clearly apparent and necessary by the experience ;
of the past, to preserve our existence as a gieat ]
Republic, a free and independent nation, indissol- ,
ubiy bound together in the bonds of political con- ;
cord and union. j
Di°Tefcsing, sir, for a moment from the subject J
at issue, I would say for myself, as a sort of pro-
logue to my remarks, that I am a Democrat; and, j
in°the application of local adjectives, as used too i
much in this House, would be called a " northern :
Democrat." But I cast these local distinctions i
aside; I am a national Democrat; and I will not I
vote or speak m this House upon any question j
unless I can do so m the capacity of a national \
legislator. I come here to actloi the Not th and
the South alike; to act for my country, and my |
whole country. I can well recollect of years by- ,
£^•>0, when Maine, Louisiana, Massacnusctts, !
and South Carolina, members and Senators, met
in this Capitol, with no objects of logishuinn but j
those supported in common hy the representatives ;
of the several parties; and those representatives i
were divided upon the floor of the House and the .
Senate, not by the number of degrees their homes ;
happened to be from ihc equator or the north
pole, but t*e Massachusetts Whigand Democrat
sat down with the Kentucky Whig or Democrat;
and while they differed, in principle and policy,
from their Democratic friends of New York and
Carolina on the other side, all were actuated by
the same national feelings, and sought, in their
own way, (by supporting their respective party
measures,) to promote the prosperity and ad-
vancement of this great nation.
But now, sir, when I am called to act as a legis-
lator for my country, I find that it is only the rep-
resentatives of one of the great, parties of the day
that seem to fraternize now as then. The oppo-
nents of the Democracy seem to herd themselves
together as a party whose boundaries are defined
by the compass and chain, and whose principles
and policies must be shaped by, and subject to,
the passions, prejudices, and interests, of a por-
tion of our people, whose physical constitutions
are inured to a latitude north of Mason and
Dixon's line; and I find, when a great party
measure is to be moved, wherein all our national
men should act in concert, and wherein, of old,
members and Senators elected as Democrats acted
unitedly, that many of those whom the nation
trusted for support become weak and helpless,
and surrender to this geographical humbug their
party fealty. I hope, sir, yet to live to sec this
state of things changed; to once more realize that,
in our national halls of legislation, the terms
Noith, South, East, and West, shall no longer
exist, except to designate the bounds of new Ter-
ritories and States for this glorious Union.
I am not one who fears that this Union is in
danger, until I know thata majority of this House
and theSenate have forgotten theirmanhood, their
love of liberty and liberal institutions, and for-
saken the principles that were taught them by
freedom-loving mothers and fathers, and which
have been preserved by them as the " magna
c/mr/a" of their future hopes and happiness. And,
sir, should the timecome when appearances would
betoken this position, I would cling to the hope
of preserving the Union still; and would struggle
to postpone to the very last year, the lastday, and
the last hour, such a terrible conclusion to the his-
tory of my country.
But to return to "the question before us: to un-
derstand clearly the merits of this question we
must review briefly the position of affairs for a
bnef period pnor and up to the time Kansas be-
came a Territot y.
| The prcsentTurritory of Kansas became Amcr-
| ican tenitory in 1803, by the treaty of France,
I known as the Louisiana treaty. We received
i this territory under an engagement thatit should
I be incorporated in the Union of the United States,
! and admitted as soon as possible, according to
■ the principles of the Federal Constitution; and in
i the mean time the inhabit ants should be maintained
j and protected in the free enjoyment of their hb-
j cny, property, and the religion which they pro-
! fe&st'd—"mean (imc," as I understand it, referring
1 to the time it remained until its population and
! institutions made u suitable to become a sovereign
j State, when, according to the stipulations on our
! pait, it must be admitted on a footing of perfect
' equality with the original States. These treaty
■ stipulations bind us, as a nation, with all their
; oiigirialforce. To be sure, m 3820,ageographicai
j line of limitation was adopted as to a part ot this
! territory, and was acquiesced in for many years,
! for the reason thattherw wasnoopportunity or ne-
[ cessity of enforcing it or claiming it, unless in the
! ad mission ofTexas, which came m under anothei
I treaty than that. But when it was sought to be ap-
1 phed'upon territory acquired by us fiom Mexico,
I the North refused to be governed by this hmita-
' tion; and on the occasion of the admission of the
i State of California, and the organization ofthel er-
ntories of New Mexico, Utah, and Washington,
the enactment known as the Missouricompromise
ceased to be of any binding force, and very prop-
erly, too; for believing, as I do, thereby a geo-
graphical line between one portion of this great
I nation and the other, that never should have been
! established, was virtually repealed, as U -hen
ceased to have any binding virtue upon the North
i or South, although it stood upon our statute-
jbook 
I Mr. OLTN. Did I understand the gentleman
1 to say that either the North or the South under-
; stood that the Missouri compromise restriction
;! was repealed bv the act of 1850?
Mr. SEARING. I said that virtually it was
; repealed.
,i Mr. ATKINS. I will answer ihe gentleman.
It was so understood by Mr. Toombs, of Georgia,
and so declared hy him in an address to his con-
stitutents in 1850.
Mr. SEARING. When the time arrived for
the organization of Kansas and Neb)askas and al-
though it was virtually repealed before, and was
dead and inoperative,still the formal repeal of that
enactment was seized upon as a subject of politi-
] cal excitement and agitation in the North, and
j was perhaps the original corner-stone of the or-
jganization of a sectional party in this country,
I and in my opinion as dangerous and odious a po-
! lineal organization as ever cursed a nation in the
! world. It owed its conception in opposition to
| the law of the land, and to the general principles
I that should govern all our national legislative
| action. And the history of the Republican party
i since*its organization is just such a history as
! might be expected from an origin so illegal, un-
j constitutional and <?n/i-national in its character;
! and the staple articles of its progress have been
j agnation, opposition to law and order,revolution*
iaiy movements, robberies, arsons, murder, and
| crimes in geneial, perpetrated and perpetuated
! under the guise of liberty and freedom. Yet
, Kansas and Nebraska became a Territory with-
i out a geographical line of distinction ^determine
; what their local institutions should be as to the
i question of slavery; and since then Kansas alone
has become the theater where have been played
| the political comedies and tragedies,prepared for
| political effect in regions remote from her borders.
I The game of the Republican party has been the
! anti-law-and-order game from the beginning to
j the present time. They refuse to act and vote un-
j less in the way and at the time prescribed by them
j as a political party, and then only when they can
[insure to themselves the whole game. At one
' time pronouncing the acts of the territorial o/fi-
i cials and Legislature as bogus and not binding,
! and at another recognizing them and acting under
i them, in the election of officers, just as the move
| seemed to be the one conducive'to their ascend-
ency. But in the midst of all these erratic move-
! ments, a legally constituted Terntoual Legisla-
| tuie passed an act to take the sense of the people
! of Kansas on the subject of forming a State gov-
ernment, and asking admission into the Union.
i At this election the vote was almost unanimous
of the people of Kansas in favorofa convention;
and afterwards the Territorial Legislature, by a
two-thirds vote, passed a law providing for the
I election of delegates to a constitutional conven-
;! tion. Under that law delegates were clected, who
i; met in convention and made this constitution,
i! submitting to the people of Kansas, at a special
\ election, on the 21stof December, 1857, the^ues-
tion whether the slavery clause should be stricken
i out or not. At tins election the majority of votes
ji cast were in favor of the constitution as it was
j1 passed by the convention; and now this conUitu-
\, tion comes to us, and the question is, can we re-
!; fuse to admit Kansas under that constitution or
1 Our opponents say, no; Kansas should not
< come in as a State until the constitution has been
■ submitted. I answer, it has been submitted by
'• the fact that the people, by almost a unanimous
i vote, decided and authorized their representatives
! in the Temtorial Legislature to provide by law
! for a convention of delegates to form this consti-
; tution. They said so; ani\ the delegates to that
i convention were elected by the people to form
1 and frame a constitution, and the constitution
i framed by them became the constitution and law
1 of Kansas, as far as we are concerned, from the
time it was made complete and final by them un~
I til the same power, the people, altered that con-
1 stitution. The convention wisely deemed that
the people themselves should finish this consthu-
; tion by their own act, at a special election on the
; 21st day of December, 1S57, and this was also
j done; and we have the constitution of Kansas be-
' fore us, made by their regularly ejected repre-
