142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
I have detailed warranted me in the supposition
that there was an opportunity to return the slavery-
clause in or return it out, just as should be thought
best, and that the convention intended to give that
opportunity by providing, in effect, that the laws
of the Territory, with their penalties, should not
be brought to bear on the offenders, if they did
perpetrate fraud. I thought I saw such a design.
Now, what I alluded to having seen within the
last three days, was this: there were rumors cur-
rent—I did not know whether true or false, and
I do not know now whether they are true or
false—that several gentlemen had started from
here to go by express to Kansas to use all their
power and influence to get the pro-slavery clause
stricken out, so that northern men could vote for
the constitution, whereas it was supposed they
could not if it was not stricken out.
Mr. FITCII. Does the Senator wish to be
understood as intimating that any northern Sen-
ator sent such a message? If so, in the spirit of
his language to the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Bigleii] yesterday, from what source does
he derive his knowledge? Who is his authority,
and who sent the message ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I made no insinuation that
any northern Senators or any southern Senators
had anything to do with it. I stated that the
rumors existed. I saw one gentleman, a warm
pro-slavery man, who was hurryingoff to Kansas
for the purpose of inducing them to strike out the
clause, in order that a vote of Congress should be
received in favor of the constitution. He did not
say that anybody sent him. I heard that others
had gone. Who sent them? Whether they were
sent by anybody, I do not know; but I confess,
taking that in connection with the fact that there
was no penally for fraud, no penalty for false
returns—that the laws of the land which pun-
ished frauds had been set aside by the convention
—led me to doubt whether I ought to have much
confidence in the returns; and hence it was not
worth while for me to wait before I defined my
position until those returns should come. in. I did
not intend to mention the mere rumor; but let it
go for what it is worth. It may be true, or it
may be false.
A word now as to th« action of the convention
which justified the supposition, as I believed, tiiat
frauds might be accomplished without the viola-
tion of law. The frauds at Oxford were indorsed
by the convention when their attention was called
to them. The same members of the convention
who did that, denounced Governor Walker for
having set aside those frauds. A further fact,
which is stated to me by an officer of the Army
who was present, is, that the clerk who was un-
derstood to have perpetrated the Oxford frauds,
was chosen clerk of the convention by acclama-
tion, on the suggestion that his services m John-
son county entitled him to that election. These
facts, taken together, led me to suspect that much
confidence was not due to the returns which should
be made there. 1 merely, by a sort of lapsus ling urn,
expressed that doubt at the time. Since my at-
tention has been called to it, I give the Senate the
foundations on which those doubts existed, and
I leave the country to judge whether they are
right or not. I have no desire to excite prejudice
on this question.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. With pleasure.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senator whether the
twelfth section of the schedule does not expressly
provide for the enforcement at this election of all
the laws of the Territory regulating other elec-
tions, and thereby provide against the commis-
sion of fraud and impose the penalties attached
to fraud in other elections ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not think it does.
Mr. CLAY. That is my recollection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Can the Senator from Michi-
gan inform me as to this point? Has he a copy
of the schedule at hand ?
Mr. STUART. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois and to the Senate, that one
great disadvantage I am receiving from this dis-
cussion is that gentlemen are using a great deal
of my argument, [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. Under that view of the case,
I will take my seat and allow the Senator from
Michigan to proceed.
Mr. STUART. It has been suggested by sev-
eral Senators around me that it is not the pleas-
ure of the Senate that 1 should proceed to-day.
I submit myself entirely to their pleasure.
Several Senators. Go on to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. It is also suggested by the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] that he
desires to have an executive session. With that
view, I move to postpone this subject till to-mor-
row, and I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate
to express my views then.
Mr. DAVIS. I have a word to say before the
postponement. The Senator from Illinois closed
his remarks by saying that he did not wish to
prejudice 
Mr. DOUCfLAS. I did not close my remarks,
but I yielded the floor to the Senator from Michi-
gan. If the Senate is not going into executive
session, I have a few words more to say.
Mr. CLAY. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, I beg to road the twelfth sec-
tion of the schedule, because I think he has done
gross injustice to the convention, and his remarks
are calculated to produce a false impression, and
a very baneful influence, if permitted to go un-
contradicted. I shall simply read the twelfth sec-
tion, and say nothing more, at this time, in reply
to the Senator. The twelfth section of the sched-
ule is in these words:
'' All oflieers appointed to carry into execution tlie pro-
visions of the foiegoing section*, shall, holme entmug upon
thmr duties, be swoin to faithfully pei form the duties of their
offices-; and.m lailure theieot', he subject to the t>ame charges
and penalties, as are piovided, in like cases, under the ter-
ritonul laws."
Mr. STUART. It is true the schedule makes
that provision; but it is equally true that the act-
ing Governor of the Territory, in his opening
message to the Legislature, has said there is no
law in Kansas punishing fraudulent returns.
Mr. CLAY. In reply, I simply ask the Sen-
ator whether the ipse dixit of the Governor is to
prevail over the law?
* Mr. STUAllT. No, sir; but there is no such
law.
Air. CLAY. If what the Governor says does
not override the law, it is of no moment whatever.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am aware that the clause
which has been read was in the copy of the con-
stitution published in the National Intelligencer;
but it was not m the copy published in the Union,
which was said—I do not know how the fact may
be—to have been furnished by the President.
How to account for the variance I do not know,
unless m this way: it was &aid m Kansas that
the convention adjourned without having put the
constitution in form, but appointed a committee
to do that; and it may be that the copy published
in the Intelligencer was the revised copy, while
the Union published the constitution as made by
the convention. Whether thutbe so or not, how-
ever, I say the clause as read does not put the
matter under the territorial laws, as it would have
been if left to the regular officers, who were sub-
ject to penalties for making fraudulent returns.
As I said before, I shall not continue the argu-
ment further to-day, although there aie many
other things that I should like to say.
Mr CLAY. I simply say to the Senator he is
mistaken. I hold in my hand what purports to
be, and what I am assured is, a copy of the Union
containing the schedule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will say to the Senator from
Alabama.that I shall look into the matter, and if
I find that I have been mistaken I shall take great
pleasure in saying so in open Senate.
Mr. STUART. My motion is to postpone the
further consideration of this subject until to-mor-
row.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 22, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. P. D. Gurley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the call of committees for reports,
and that reports were in order from the Commit-
tee of Elections.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed a resolution of
the House, entitled " A joint resolution to amend
the act entitled an ' Act to regulate the compensa-
tion of members of Congress,' approved August
i 1G, 1856."
| EXCUSED FROM SERVING ON COMMITTEE.
| Mr GIDDINGS. I desire to be excused by
i the House from further service on the committee
1 of Claims, in consequence of physical disability
! to perform my duties on that committee, I make
' that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
NEW JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN MICHIGAN.
Mi. WALBRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
il the State of Michigan in relation to a new judi-
il cial district in said State; which were referred to
h the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into tho Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of resuming
the consideration of the Treasury note bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the question is taken
on the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, I desire, unless he intends to submit the
motion himself,'to move that the debate on the
Senate bill be closed in the same time prescribed
by the House for the House bill—in two hours
after the committee shall proceed to us considera-
tion. I submit that motion, and demand the pre-
vious question on it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to inquire whether
the Senate bill has been printed? If it has not,
I do not think the House is prepared to take up
and debate that bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would also suggest a question
of order upon the motion submitted by the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] I do not
think it is competent for the House to close debate
upon a bill which has nevei been taken up in com-
mittee. I think that the rule requires that the
bill shall,at some time previous, have been consid-
eied in committee, before the House can pass a
resolution for closing debate. I do not wish to
insist upon the point of order. I merely suggest
it for the consideration of*thc Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon the question of order.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 will withdraw it.
Mr. BANKS. I make the question of order
that the House cannot clo.se debate upon a bill
which has never been considered m committee. I
do not do it for the purpose of defeating the action
of the House upon the bill. I am willing that the
■ House shall come to a vote to-day upon one bill
or the other; but I desire that our business shall
be taken up in its regular order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the Senate
bill has been printed, and will be laid upon our
1 desks immediately.
i The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
' tion of order raised by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. It is not in order to close debate upon
; a bill which has not been considered in committee.
| The Chair, therefore, decides that the resolution
| of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
j is not in order.
j Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I wish to make
a suggestion, before the question is put, upon
going into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. The House has passed an order
that all debate in Committee of the Whole on the
House Treasury note bill shall be closed in two
hours after we shall go into committee. Now I
wish to suggest that, by unanimous consent, it
shall be agreed that each individual who sp'oaks
shall be limited to fifteen minutes. Theie are a
number of gentlemen who desire to make some
expression of their views upon this bill. Bj' limit-
ing the speeches to fifteen minutes each a consid-
erable number of-gentlemen may be heard, while
the number must necessarily be very limited with-
out such limitation.
