1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
accepting it, so as to give the committee an op-
portunity to vote upon it, but that I thought it
would answer the gentleman's purpose better to
offer his amendment separately.
Mr. PHELPS. I merely rose to know how
the matter stood, that we might know what we
were voting on.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Kentucky does not accept the modification, the
amendmentcannotbe received at this stage'of the
proceedings.
Mr. BURNETT. I am willing that a vote
should be taken upon' the amendment I have of-
fered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What has become
of that omnibus bill ?
Mr. EUSTIS. Here it is.
Mr. BURNETT. I prefer a vote upon my
amendment alone.
Mr. EUSTIS. I understood that the gentle-
man from Kentucky had already accepted the
modification. j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. He says he has not j
accepted it. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is debate'in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I object to it.
The question was taken on Mr. Burnett's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. EUSTIS. I now move, as an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, the following:
Strike out all after the word " for," and insert the follow-
ing :
For continuing the work on the extension of the Treas-
ury buildwig, .9300,000.
Foi continuing the work on custom-houses buildimrat
the following places, viz: at New Orleans, Louisiana,
§350,000 ; and at Charleston, South Carolina, §300,000—
$65^,000.
For the completion of em-tom-houves at the following
placos, viz : at Ellsworth, Maine, 000 ; at Portsmouth",
New Hampshue, £v>0,000 : nt Bristol, lihode Kland. (in-
cluding fencing and grading.) $5,000 ; at New Haven, Con-
necticut, $,:)0,0{m) ; at Oswego, New Yoik, $10,000; at
P!attf4>urg, New York, $10,000 ; at Ncwaik, New Jersey,
,«10,000; at Norfolk, Yitgnua, $20,000 ; at Pens-acola, Flor-
ida, $5,000; at St. Louts, Mis.-oun, §20,000; at Mobile, Al-
abama, (including feneingand paving,) $-30,000 ; at Galena,
lllmoN,,$10,000; at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, $10,000 ; and
for annual lepairs at custom houses, §15,000— $257,000.
For the completion of marine hospitals at the following
places; viz: at Portland, Maine, $'3,000 ; at Ft. Marks-, !
Florida, St-'.500 ; atNevv Orleans,Louisiana, (including fill- '
ingup, giading, and fencing, and tlieintioducnoiiof ga* and
warer pipes and tutuies,) §85,000 ; at Cincinnati, Ohio, .
{$50,000 ; at Galena, Illinois, $5.0(>0 ; and for annual repaiis
or'marine hospital-*, $13,000—$160,500.
Foi grading, paving, and fencing the ground?, and for
furm^lung cu'-tom-boiu-es-, at the following places ; viz : at
JGIUwortli, Maine, §3,000 ; atB.ith, Maine, furniture alone,
$1,100 ; at Builtngton, Vermont, @4,600 ; at New Haven,
Connecticut, §8,500; at Oswego, New Yoik, §7,300T at
Plaftsburg, New York, §9,000 ; at Newaik, N<-\v Jersey,
$•5,200; at Alexandra, Vngmia, $-3,700; at Norfolk, Vir- :
gima.§12,0> 0 ; at Mobile, Alabama, furnituie alone. §2,000; I
at IVnsacola, Flonda, §2,500; at St. Louis, Missouri, !
$'14,601): at Louisville, Kentucky, §3.£W0 ; at Cleveland, ;
Ohio, §7,100; at Galena, Illinois, §3,700; and at Milwau-
kee, Wisconsin, §7.700—§97,100.
For giadmg, pavmg, and fencing, and forfurnishmg ma-
rine ho>pitaK, at the following places; viz : at Turlington,
Vermont, §3,400; at Chelsea, Massachusetts, §19,700'; at >
St. Marks, Florida, §1,200; at Detroit, Michigan, §7.500: at |
Galena, Illinois, §3,300; and at Burlington, iowa^&l.lOO—• i
§39,700. I
For completion of improvements of navigation of the j
Ohio, Mississippi, and Mi-sfeOuii livers, by removing bnags !
and saw.vcis from the same, §250^)00. j
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a point of order. ;
The amendment of the gentleman from Louisiana j
is not germane to the subjoct. As I understand |
it, the latter part of the amendment proposes? an ;
appropriation to improve the navigation of the j
Mississippi and other rivers. That subject be-'
longs entirely to another bill, and therefore I
object to the amendment as entirely out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment to the amendment is not in
order. The Chair would state that there are sev-
eral things in the amendment which the Chair be-
lieves to be out of order under the 81st rule, and
therefore rules it out of order.
Mr. EUSTIS. I will remove the objection to
the amendment by omitting the latter clause of it.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the,Chair?
Mr. EUSTIS. I should like to know the rea-
son for the decision.
The CH AIRMAN. It would be impossible for
the Chair to state all the reasons.
Mr. EUSTIS. I modify my amendment in the
manner which I have indicated.
225a
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided the
amendment gut of order. Does the gentleman ap-
peal ?
Air. EUSTIS. No, sir; I do not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
For the purchase of Adams's lot, $3,000, in addition to the
custom house in the citv of Alexandria; if, in the judgment
of the Secretary of the Treasury, said lot is desirable.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I submit that that amend-
ment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. WOODSON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For completing the removal of the snags in the Missouri
liver, §50,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. ATKINS. I move to strike out the enact-
ing clause of the bill.
Mr. MILLSON. I now raise the question of
order on that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. MILLSON. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Virginia to withdraw the appeal. We
shall have no difficulty m votingdown the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MILLSON. That'may be, but I can never
allow a decision of a Chair, entertaining a motion
to strike out the enacting clause of an appropria-
tion bill, to pass without an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
have the 119th rule read.
Mr. ATKINS. I made the motion to strike out
the enacting clause of the bill for the purpose nf
expediting the public business, but as I find it will
retard it, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to inquire of the Chair
what has become of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Palmer ?]
The CHAIRMAN. The decision of the Chair
covered the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, as well as that of the gentleman from
Louisiana.
Mr. PALMER. I did not understand that the
Chair had ruled my amendment out of order. I
understood that the rulins: of the Chair applied
only to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Eustis,]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York will recollect that the decision of the Chair
ruling the amendment of the gentleman from Lou-
isiana out of order, covered nearly the whole
ground of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York. The Chairdecided that both amend-
ments were out of order.
Mr. ADRAIN. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing clause of the bill:
" For purchasing plants for tbe conservatory at the Pres-
ident's House, $l,o00. 
I think that that is an unnecessary appropri-
ation; and that the $1,000 may well be saved to
the Government at this time.
Mr. KEITT. I was instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to move
to increase the appropriation to $3,000; but if the
committee do not wish to do that,l have nowi.'h
to be importunate. I trust, however, that the
committee will, at'least, not strike out the $1,000.
Ashas been already stated to-day, in consequence
of the Treasury extension, the green-house has
been . torn down, and a new one constructed.
There are very few flowers in it, as I have been 1
informed by those who know, and no rare ones. ;
This appropriation is for the purchase of flowers, j
I am perfectly unselfish in my advocacy of it; for '
I take it for granted that I am the only member |
of the House who does not expect to succeed the ;
present incumbent of the White House..[Laugh-
ter.] I ask it for the benefit of others, and notVor
my own.
But, sir, this appropriation is to be final. An
appropriation of $3,000 is recommended for the
purpose by the Secretary of the Interior and the
Commissioner of Public Buildings. I understand
from them that *-$3,000 would purchase flowers
enough, and that no subsequent appropriation
will bu needed for their preservation.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Are there to be any
Mr. KEITT. No; we want neither sun-flow-
ers, nor morning-glories, nor#sweet Williams,
nor jumping Johnnies, which gentlemen have
spoken of. [Laughter.] I am in earnest in this
matter. I should have liked to have moved to
increase^ the appropriation to $3,000; but if the
House, in a fit of economy, is unwilling to do
that, I do not wish to be troublesome.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman give us
the names of some of the new flowers they want
to purchase?
Mr. ICEITT. The Committee of Ways and
Means have made an appropriation here of $1,000,
and I take it for granted that the gentleman from
Virginia knew what he was making the appro-
priation for. [Laughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. I am as fond of flowers as
any man, but I think this expenditure of $1,000
unnecessary, and therefore I object to it.
Mr. Adrain's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move to stiike out the
following clause of the bill:
"Foi the completion of the Washington aqueduct $800,000;
and. in addition thoieto, so much of the appropriation of
$250,000 ' for paying existing liabilities for the Washington
aqueduct, and pieservmg the wotk already done from in-
jiny,' contained m the act entitled e An act making appro-
pi intions lor certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th June, 1837,' appioved 13th August,
1850, as may not be jequired for the said puipose."
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Lou-
isiana does not want to speak in favor of that
amendment I desire to occupy his time. I am in
favor of that amendment. I)uring the last Con-
gress a large appropriation was made for carrying
on this work. I do not recollect the amount. A
gentleman informs me that it was $1,000,01)0, for
the purpose of bringing the water into this city.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that the gentleman from
Kentucky has no right to speak m favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Louisiana.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the
right to speak in favor of the amendment of the
genileman from Louisiana if he desires.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The rule provides
that the gentleman offering an amendment may
speak five minutes in its favor.
Mr. BURNETT. I will be very brief. I have
no disposition to obstruct the public business.
But, sir, I am opposed to this appropriation at
this time, when we are told by the chairman of
j! the Committee of Ways and Means that we can
11 have no appropriation of money out of the public
! Treasury for the completion of public works which
jj have been commenced, are in a state of progress,
i: and are actually going to ruin and decay oecause
| we cannot have the money to carry them on. Yet
| under these circumstances the Committee of Ways
! and Means report appropriations of millions to
carry on the public works in this city and Dis-
trict. I submit that under these circumstances
we have no right, at such an e.normous expense,
to supply the people of this city with the luxury
of water.
Mr. KEITT. Water a luxury? [Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. To furmph the people of
Washington with an over-supply of water. I ask
whether we are justified in expending $800,000
for bringing water into this city and carrying on
this work ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
The debate has been closrd upon this bill by res-
olution of the House, and the rule provides that
five minutes may be occupied in explaining ail
amendment, but the rule restricts that privilege
to the member offering the amendment. I sub-
mit, therefore, that the gentleman is not in order
in speaking in favor of the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Louisiana.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky
are not in order, and that he has not the right to
speak in favor of the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,
I am opposed to the amendment, and call for a
vote.
:s Mr. BURNETT. If the Chair will permit me,
I will change ray position, and speak m opposi-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the chair-
man oi the Ways and Means Committee whether
this appropriation will complete the work?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The statement made
to the Committee of Ways and Means is, that thia
V
