1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
The SPEAKER. The proposition may be en-
tertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. I will not object if the gentleman
will put it at twenty minutes.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Very well; then
I will put it at twenty minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to twenty minutes.
I have no idea that any gentleman can discuss
this question as he wishes to in twenty minutes.
I do not know that I shall have anything to say
myself upon the bill; but I do not think it would
be good policy to make such a limitation as the
gentleman suggests, if he will put it at half an
hour I will not object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman will
put it at ten minutes. I think I could myself
answer all the objections which have been made
against this bill from the other side of the House
in five minutes. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama object to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Louisiana?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir, I will not interpose
objection. -•
No further objection being made, the propo-
sition was assented to, by general consent; and
the question recurred on the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union.
' Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Before the ques-
tion is put upon the motion to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I wish
to state that the reason why I did not myself
make the motion to close debate on the Senate
bill, was that the same question of order was made
yesterday, and I supposed the motion would not
be entertained. I will say, however, that when
the House shall go into committee, I shall move
to lay aside the House bill and take up the Sen-
ate bill. I shall then move that the committee
rise, for the purpuse of closing debate upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I object to all debate.
The question was put upon Mr. Jones's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself in to the Committee of the Whole 011
the state of the Union, (Mr. Phelps m the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill (No.
4) to authorize the issue of Treasury notes, upon
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Grow] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to lay aside
the House bill, and take up the Senate bill upon
the same subject. j
Mr. STANTON. I hope the House will not ,
adopt the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. I do not think the committee has the
power to consider, at this time, the Senate bill.
The Constitution provides that all bills for raising
revenue shall originate m the House of Repie-
sentatives. That is the effect of this bill, and we
have no right, therefore, to take the Senate bill
into consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the motion is in order.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Grow] is entitled to the floor, and the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
certainly cannot submit his motion until he has
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I made the motion,
as 1 understood it, with the assent of my col-
league, [Mr. Grow.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
motion to be offered with the consent of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, who is entitled to the
floor. If not, the gentleman is entitled to the
floor, and the motion will not be received.
Mr. GROW. It is immaterial to me which I
speak on. I only desire the privilege of submit-
ting some remarks upon the question. Shall I
be entitled to the floor on the other bill?
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yields the floor for the purpose of
allowing the motion to be made, the Chair will
again assign him the floor.
"Mr. SEWARD. I should like to know how
the Senate bill came in the possession of this com-
mittee at all?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Georgia that the bhl was re-
ferred by the House to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose the motion is de-
batable.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, I trust the com-
mittee will not take up the Senate bill. [Cries of
"Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is one re-
lating to the priority of business, and no debate
is in order.
Mr. SEWARD. If the motion to take up the
Senate bill is in order, I want to know how many
bills intervene on the Calendar between the House
bill and the Senate bill ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to all debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
set aside this House bill under the resolution of
the House, closing debate and requiring that the
committee shall procced to vote upon it?
The CHAIRMAN. The resolution adopted
by the House yesterday, requires the committee
to close debate upon the House bill in two hours
after its consideration shall be resumed. In the
opinion of the Chair, the consideration of that bill
has not been resumed, and the motion is there-
fore in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. One question of order is
already pending, raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee. The Chair overrules the question of
order.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to know the condi-
tion of these bills; whether the Senate bill comes
up next in order on the Calendar, if this bill is
laid aside ?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Geor-
gia is not in order, as he has not risen to a point
of order.
Mr. COLFAX. Well, I have risen to a point
of older three several times, but have not been
recognized by the Chair. The Constitution of the
United States declares that all bills for raising rev-
enue shall originate in the House of Representa-
tives; and the Senate bill declares, in the fourth
section, that,
" The Secretary of the Treasury is further authorized,
with the appiobation of the Piesident, to borrow, from lime
to tune, such slims of money upon the uiedit of &ucli notes
as the President may deem expedient."
This explicitly declares that he shall raise rev-
enue upon the hypothecation of these notes. I
raise, then, the point of order that it is a revenue
bill, and should have originated in this House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Indiana. That is a question for the determination
of each member, as he is called to vote upon the
bill, and not for the Chair.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit a pointof order,
with a view to avoid this difficulty. Would it
not be in older to move to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and to insert this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. That question cannot be
: raised at this moment, as there is a motion now
: pending, made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
; vania, [Mr. J. Glancy Jones.]
I Mr. SEWARD. I understand that there are
! several bills on the Calendar before the Senate
j bill. Now, these bills cannot be postponed to
i take up this bill.
! Mr. CLINGMAN. That question does not
| rise now. It will be time enough to decide it
; when it comes up in Older.
Mr. GROW. I desire to understand my rights.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide the
! question raised by the gentleman from Georgia in
its proper place.
! The question was taken on the motion topost-
pone the consideration of the bill, (H. R. No. 4;)
and it was decided m the affirmative: there being,
on a division—aves 9o, noes 73
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
! the House that die Calendar has not been printed.
The Chair was not aware of what appropriation
bills intervened between the bill whieh has just
! been laid aside and the Senate bill; but he is now
informed by the Clerk tbattwoappropriation bills
| —the bill making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government, and
i the Indian appropriation bill—are before the Sen-
: ate lull.
i Mr. GROW. I desire to inquire whether the
' postponement of the bill postponed me with it?
The CHAIRMAN. Of course it does.
On motion of Mr. J. <GLANCY JONES, the
two appropriation bills on the Calendar prior to
the Senate bill were severally postponed.
The next bill in order for consideration was
" An act (S. No. 13) to authorize the issue of
Treasury notes."
Mr. GROW obtained the floor.
The bill was read in extenSo.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be read
by sections, and will be subject to amendment.
The Clerk then reported the first section of the
bill, as follows:
" Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,'That
the President of the United States is hereby authorized to
cause Troasuiy notes for such sum or sums as the exigen-
cies of the public service may require, but not to exceed,
at any time, the amount of $20,000,000, and of denomina-
tions not less than $100 for any such note, to be prepared,
signed, and issued in the manner hereinafter provided."
Mr. GROW. I move to strike out the first
section of the bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask my colleague
to give way for a moment.
Mr. GROW. I hope my colleague will not
ask me to give way again. I have been postponed
and laid aside once already.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It will not come
out of my colleague's time. My object is merely
to have a limit put to the debate. The debate on
the House bill was ordered to be closed in two
hours; and I desire, with the consent of my col-
league to move that the committee rise, in order
that the same limit may be placed upon the de-
bate on this bill.
Mr. GROW. My colleague will not, I hope,
ask me to yield further, as I desire to continue
my remarks now. I think I have been very ac-
commodating this morning, and ought now to be
allowed to proceed.
Mr. Chairman, before addressing myself di-
rectly to the merits of the bill, I desire to say a
word, in reply to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] who yesterday claimed that
the Administration and the so-cafied Democratic
party were not responsible for the expenditures
of the Government increasing within five years
from forty-six million dollars to ov#r seventy mil-
lion dollars. The gentleman's practical economy
in legislation is proverbial, and I trust it will not
be considered egotistic for me to say that since I
have been a member of Congress, upon almost
all questions affecting the expenditures of the
Government, I have voted with him. He will,
therefore, receive my remarks as being made in
no spirit of cavil, but with an earnest and sincere
desire to see a reform in this Government that
shall bring back its expenditures to the economy
and simplicity of its days of early virtue. That
gentleman has been too long in the public service
not to know that no reform in the expenditures
of this Government can be effectual unless it com-
mence in the heads of the Government. It must
begin with the Departments. The gentleman
claimed that the so-called Democratic party was
not responsible for any appropriations for the
last two years, because they were in a minority
in this House. Then no party was responsible
for any of those appropriations, for no party had
a majority in the House of Representatives in the
last Congress. The gentleman knows that a
proper economy in the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment can only be regulated by your Depart-
ments; for they make their estimates and then
ask Congress to make appropriations accordingly,
and if withheld, as we did in a few cases m the
last Congress, you are charged—and I think the
gentleman from Virginia was one of those who
echoed the charge against us—with being faction-
ists and desiring to block the wheels of Govern-
ment and inaugurate revolution.
The Departments first create the necessity for
appropriations, by enlarging their forces and m-
ij creasing the expenditures of the Government, and
i then ask Congress to appropriate the money; and
!: if Congress fails to do it, they divert the appro-
priations made for other purposes to the payment
i of those they desire to see paid, or they come in
; with a deficiency bill, and you are then a:-ked
! to pass it, because, if you do not, the citizen will
' suffer who has relied on the faith of the Govern-
ment, and furnished either labor or supplies.
Sir, the enormous expenditures of to-day are
chargeable upon the Administration that has eon-
