144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22.
trolled the Government during the six years in
which those-expenditures have doubled. Let
them commence retrenchment and reform -by lim-
iting' the estimates, and then you will limit the
appropriations; For, as I said before, you cannot
sto,p these vast expenditures in the legislative de-
partment of the Government, unless you are ready
to meet the charge that you are trying to inaugu-
rate revolution, and block the wheels of theGov-
ernment. We met that charge-in the last-Con-
gress, when we refused to appropriate the money
for some of the estimates, and because we did
so, the so-called Democratic party endeavored to
make the country believe, during the last presi-
dential canvass, that w^wcre revolutionizing, and
that we desired to block the wheels of the Gov-
ernment by-refusing to grant the appropriations
asked for to carry on the Government, though we
believed the appropriation wrong. And, sir, un-
less you have the cooperation of the heads of De-
partments of the Government, such would be the
result' in every case.
The expenses of the Army and Navy have been
doubled within a few years, and so have been those
of almost every department of the Government.
How are you to bring the Government back to the
economy of the early days of the Republic, and
the simplicity that characterized its administra-
tion? The men who have charge of the public
Departments know what branches of the public
service can be curtailed without injury to the
public service; but it is impossible that we should
know all the details of the different Departments
of the Government. No law can be passed that
would not have a discretionary power, to some
extent, in the head of a Department in its expend-
itures and the number of its employes, which
have been gradually increased and converted by
this Government into a secret police force, to stand
guard at the ballot-boxes in the local elections of
the country, in order to control, if possible, the
action of the people. The Administration has
swelled the expenses of the Government from
forty-six to seventy million dollars, much of it in
this way; and to-day, if a subordinate of the Gov-
ernment dares to exercise the light of an Ameucan
freeman in one of the local and municipal elections
of the country, his head falls under the guillotine,
worked by the headsman in Washington. Places
must be provided by the Administration for the
Representatives who, upon this floor and in the
other wing of the Capitol, have been discarded
by their constituents because they betrayed then-
solemn trust in order to uphold the policy resolved
on by the Administration as a party test. In this
way the patronage has been greatly increased,
and to it is to be.attributed much of the cnoimous
increase in the expenditures of the Govern-
ment.
But, as I said before, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will understand that I make these remarks
in no spirit of cavil, but merely to show that the
needed reform must begin in the Departments.
They are responsible for the enormous expend-
itures of this Government; and they are respons-
ible, in the most obnoxious way, by conveitmg
the Government officials into a secret police to
interfere with the elections of the counti y. They
send into the conventions of the people of the
States their chosen minions from the post offices
and the custom-houses to lay down their political
plalforms and, so far as lies in their power, to
control their nominations; and then whatever ofli-
cial of the Government dares to oppose the nom-
inee of the party—even though the "devil in-
carnate"—loses his place, and is no longer fit to
discharge the duties of the office. The manly
exercise of the inalienable rights of an American
citizen to act on his own judgment in the local
elections of the country, if against the wishes of
the Administration, disqualifies him for holding
any office of profit or trust under the Government
of his country.
But, sir, I now turn to the consideration of this
bill and its features. While it is true that a Gov-
ernment, in the exercise of its legitimate func-
tions, should not attempt to shape and control
the business of the country, nor to convert itself
into an almshouse to distribute charity to the
needy and distressed of its citizens, yet it is its
duty—its fust and paramount duty—so to legis-
late, confining itself to its proper and legitimate
functions, as not to enhance any existing derange-
ment of business in the country; but, if possible,
to add to the prosperity and development of its
great interests and resources.
To-day, we are asked by the Government to
provide means to pay its debts. That is a legit-
imate object of legislation. The ordinary sources
of revenue, in the present state of the business
of the country, are dried up, and the Government
is unable to meet its liabilities. While it is a
proper, legitimate duty of the Government to raise
the revenue necessary to defray its expenses, a
sound statesmanship requires you to do so in the
way that will least embarrass the business of the
country, and will add, if possible, to the devel-
opment of its great and material resources.
The question presented is, whether the Gov-
ernment should go into the money market and
make a loan of money to pay its debts, or
whether it will issue paper promises to pay when
there is nothing in its vaults to redeem these
promises. It is only the mode and manner of re-
lieving the Treasury that is in controversy; for
there is no man on either side of this Hall who
would refuse to furnish relief to the Govern-
ment and save its plighted honor by voting the
necessary supplies to pay its honest debts. The
manner of doing it is the only question. And to
answer that question properly, it is necessary to
consider the condition of the country, and now
your proposed law is likely to affect it in its busi-
ness relations.
What, then, is the condition of the country?
In a day we have seen the most far-seeing and
sagacious of our business men reduced from af-
fluence to penury and want, and honest, willing
labor wandering a famished beggar in the streets.
What has produced this unprecedented convul-
sion of'the country? for it becomes a wise legis-
lator to inquire into the probable influence of the
laws he proposes upon the business relations of
life.
Mr. FENTON. I wish the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] to state, if he is in pos-
session of the information, the relative amount
of the specie, and of the paper money in the
country at the date of the late monetary disaster,
and then I would inquire whether, in his judg-
ment, the banks are directly responsible for the
late financial revulsion that has come upon.us; or
whether other causes, growing out of the specu-
lative spiritof the times, not immediately marked
by the facilities afforded by the banks in obtain-
ing money, have aided to swell and hasten this
commercial and financial crisis?
Mr. GROW. I will answer the question of the
gentleman from New York, though I may not be
able to furnish conclusive or very satisfactory
proof of the real cause of the present financial re-
vulsion. Many things may have combined to
produce it, and it might be difficult to specify any
one thing as its cause. Without stopping to in-
quire, except so far as is necessary to notice the
question propounded by the gentleman from New
York, whether it was caused by a redundant paper
currency, or is the result of the financial policy
pursued by this Government for a few years,
or what influence either or both of these causes
have had in producing it, it is in my judgment to
be attributed more to an expanded credit than any
other one thing. What influence the financial
policy of the country for the last few years has
had in producing that expansion, I do not pro-
pose here to inquire; but will merely say that, in
my judgment, the changes made in the tariff policy
of the country during the last Congress, forced
upon the House of Representatives by the Senate,
I were injudicious, and calculated to stimulate this
| overgrown and expanded credit, and add largely
i to our foreign indebtedness, which has augmented
the evil of the day.
The present ensis is likened to that of 1837,
when there is no similarity in the apparent causes
that have produced them. In 1837 there was an
expanded paper currency, with a very insufficient
metallic basis. The banks had a circulation of !
$150,000,000, while they had in their vaults but
$50,000,000 in specie, and outside the banks, there
was but $30,000,000 m the hands of the people.
There was in the country at that time, according
to the most reliable statistics, but $80,000,000 in
specie, so that the bank issue was in excess of the
whole specie of the country, $70,000,000. When
the crash came, therefore, there was no circulating
medium. Gold and silver could not take the place
of paper money, for there was not sufficient of it.
The Government then issued Treasury drafts, be-
cause paper was the only thing that could be sub-
stituted to fill up the void.
That state of things does not exist to-day, and
this-brings'me directly to the inquiry of the gen-
tlemanfrom New York, [Mr. Fenton.] Whether
an'excessive paper currency was the cause of this
expanded credit will be determined by the statis-
tics of .the banks. In 1837 there was a necessity
for some circulating medium, there not being me-
tallic currency enough for the business of the coun-
try. Its whole amount then was abouteighty mil-
lion dollars, while now there arc over three hundred
millions. The coinage of the Mint, from the form-
ation of the Government down to the 30th of Sep-
tember, 1856, amounts to $549,000,000. The im-
ports of coin into the country since 1820, (for
previous to that time there were no separate state-
ments kept by the custom-house,) amount to
$293,000,000; which makes an aggregate of
$842,000,000. That does not include the amount
of specie brought into the country by immigrants,
who seek homes on our shores. Deduct from this
$842,000,000 the entire exports of coin from the
country since 1820—$436,000,000—and it leaves
somewhere in the country $406,000,000. The cir-
culation of the banks in September last was about
one hundred and eighty-seven millions, while they
had in their vaults in specie $60,000,000 Take*
the amount of specie in the banks from the whole
amount in the country, and it will be found that
in September last there was, in the country, in the
hands of the people, not far from $200,000,000 in
specie. The bank issue in September last, by
these figures, was over one hundred million dol-
lars less than the metalliccurrency of the country,
after allowing a dollar of specie for every dollar
of paper. In 1837 the paper circulation was
$70,000,000 in excess of the coin in the country.
To-day the coin is $100,000,000 in excess of the
paper.
Why, then, this revulsion? It certainly has
not resulted from an excessive expansion and
contraction of bank issues, as in 1837; for the
bank issues for the last four years have been
quite uniform: in 1854, $182,030,141; in 1855,
$103,522,705; in 1856, $170,968,903; and in 1857,
$187,000,000. During this period the banks have
had in their vaults about sixty million dollars,
while there have been over two hundred million
dollars in the hands of the people. The first fail-
ure, however, in the beginning of this crisis, cre-
ated a panic, by reason of the expanded credit of
the country, which ended in almost entire want of
confidence in moneyed circles. Hence, the specie
in general circulation was hoarded, and the banks
compelled to refuse further discounts, and finally
to suspend specie payments.
Under such circumstanccs, what is the duty of
a wise Legislature? Is it to send forth an irre-
deemable paper currency, to augment the pressing
evils of the times? What is the duty of a wise
legislator in the present condition of the business
of the country ? Is it to adopt such legislation as
will tend to keep out of circulation a metallic cur-
rency, by substituting a paper currency in its
place which has no metallic basis, and for which
there is no provision for its redemption in gold ?
Will not the paper currency which is proposed
by this bill tend to keep from circulation the
hoarded specie of the country? No man even
on the other side of the House will deny that the
tendency of paper, in any form, as a currency, is
to exclude specie from circulation. The worst
currency always circulates. If a man has two
bank notes, one at ten per cent, discount, and the
other at two per cent., he will, as a matter of
course, pay out the one at ten per cent, first, and
retain m his possession the one of the most value.
So, if you bring the paper currency provided for
in this bill into circulation, you will keep out of
circulation a like amount of hard money, because
that is the best and safest currency.
While the paper currency is sent abroad to fur-
nish the means on which the business of the coun-
try is to be transacted, the specie will continue to
be locked up in vaults and chests, and withdrawn
fromcirculation. You issue these Treasury notes,
as provided by the bill, and they can be imme-
diately converted into a currency that will pass
from hand to hand. All that would be needed is
an indorsement in blank. It would go out repre-
senting the credit of the Government, the same
as a bank note represents the credit of the bank.
