2254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
appropriation will cover the entire contracts for
completing the work.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then I will vote in favor
of it.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the appropriation to $100,000.
I am not in favor of striking out the entire appro-
priation, because it might give rise to a serious
public loss by stopping entirely the work on the
aqueduct; but I think $100,000 will be amply suf-
ficient to preserve the work from loss, and 1 hope
the appropriation will be reduced to thatamount.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 am opposed (o the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina. I
am thoroughly sick of this talk about the condi-
tion of the Treasury, and when gentlemen talk
about suspending the work upon those public
buildings, I want to know how it is that the power
abides in the Executive to suspend the work? Is
he not subservient to the will of Congress, or may
he carry out his own disposition by delaying the
'y work upon these buildings.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if there is no money in
the Treasury, why does not the Piesident send in
here and ask us for the means of carrying on the
Government? That is what we want. Govern-
ment is a borrower, anyhow. The revenue sys-
tem just amounts to this: that when you have col-
lected so much money from the customs, you have
only borrowed that much from the people. There
is no man m our whole country but must know
that in the present condition of our commerce no
money can come into our Treasury until our rev-
enue system is revised. A reduction of five dol-
lars in the expenditure of every family in the
United States, m the purchase of foreign fabrics,
would reduce the revenue of the United States
from fifteen to twenty million dollars per annum.
Then let us meet this question like men, and let
the Administration come up here and tell us of
its difficulties, and ask an appropriation, not only
for carrying on this work, but all the works pro-
vided for by acts of Congress. We had asuiplus
in the Treasury not long since, ami the policy
was to get that money out of the Treasury, anil
1 think they let the money go wisely.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Georgia is not dis-
cussing the subject before the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. I am discussing the means
of raising; the $800,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to the amendment under consid-
eration.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall do so. We are asked
for an appropriation of #800,000, and gentlemen
move to cut it down to $100,000, because we have
not the money; 1 want to have the money rni«ed
I want to see a message come hoe from the Pres-
ident of the Tinitod Slates, asking for twenty-five
or thirty million dollars at least. Then, sir, we
shall have enough to carry on these water-works.
Mr. P.A RKSDALE. I rise to a point of order.
It is not the business of the gentleman from Geor-
gia when he shall send in messages. The Pres-
ident is the judge of that himself.
Mr. SKWAIId. I am to judge, of what I think
the President ought to do; and he is to judge of
what he will do. 1 ha\e a right to discuss the
policy of this Government, and especially when
we have no money m the Treasury. 1 want to
see the money raised, and, though 1 have seen the
President but once tins session, if he will call upon
me for iny opinion, I will volunteer to give it. We
have gi't to borrow the money.
Mr. J. GLAXCY JONES. Will the gentle-
man fiom Georgia allow me to hero read a com-
munication , upon the matter under eonsideiation,
from the ftecretaiy of the Treasuiy ?
Mr. SEWARD. I would be ghd to hear it.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the reading. T
understand that the time of the gentleman from
Georgia is not yet out.
The quest ion"recurring: upon the amendment to
strike out " eight," and insert " one5'—
Mr. GARTRELL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffikton
and John Cochrane wore appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 69.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GOODrE. I move to amend by increasing
the appropriation one dollar. I do itfor the pur-
pose of making an explanation to the committee.
This is a work upon which an immense sum of
money has been expended. A sum of $1,350,000
has already been appropriated, and far the most
part expended • and the suspension of the work at
present would involve the waste of this money. It
would be a serious thing, sir, to suspend the work
under existing circumstances, when the contract-
ors have invested large sums of money in stocks
of various kinds. This bill appropriates $800,000
in addition to what has been previously appro-
priated, and that will enable the Government to
complete this work within the estimate made by
the superintendent. Now, sir, if we do not make
this appropriation, of what use would be the large
sum already expended ? If we do make it, it will
enable the Department to complete the work
within the estimate. Sir, I say it is the cheapest
supply of water known in the history of aque-
ducts. There is no city in the world supplied
with so large an amount of water at so low a rate.
I ask leave to withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the withdrawal of the amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Chairman, I atn opposed
to the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to know how
it is that the gentleman from New York took the
floor from my colleague, who rose and objected
to the withdrawal of the amendment, and who is
entitled to make a five minutes'speech against it ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman fiom New
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. I have only a few words to
say in regard to the subject. I desire to make
a statement for the purpose of removing a mis-
apprehension which, I observe, exists m some
quarters in regard to this work. The impression
prevails that this aqueduct is not likely to be com-
pleted within the estimates that have been hereto-
fore furnished to Congress indicating its probable
cost. I have it from the best sources of informa-
tion, and I think I can state to the House with
entire confidence, that the woik will be finished
within the estimates heretofore furnished to Con-
gress. I think 1 am able to state that the work is
now put out under contract, or at least that it has
been bid for.
Mr. BURNETT. What was the amountorigiu-
ally estimated as the cost of this work ?
Mr. SICKLES. I think $2,300,000; and it is
officially stated that the work will be completed
within that price.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I rise to a'question of
order. The gentleman from New York is not op-
posing the amendment.
Mi. SICKLES. 1 am opposing it. The prop-
osition is to reduce the approniunion one dollar.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. No; the amendments
to increase it one dollar.
Mr. SICKLES. Well, 1 am opposed to in-
creasing it one dollar. I think that $800,000 is
just enough, and is adequate to all the wants of
the work, not too much, not too little. I think it
would be trifling with the interests (if the Govern-
ment, and the people, and would be trifling with
the money already appropriated and expended to
withhold what is now an appropriation adequate
to complete this groat and beneficial work; and I
trust that in view of the ability and integrity, the
skill and economy, with which it has been con-
ducted thus far, and. the guarantees which are fur-
nished from all these circumstances that it will be
completed promptly, and in a manner to reflect
infinite credit on the Government, and infinite good
to the people of the District, you will no longer
hesitate to appropriate the only sum needed for
its completion. This is all the money that will
ever be required, as there is no reason whatever
to doubt that the contracts very recently awarded
for the entire completion of the work can be per-
formed for the sum now asked, and that that
sum, with the former appropriations, will be only
equal to the original estimate.
Thequestion was taken on Mr. GoODE'samend-
ment; and it was rejected.
$ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the oitgmal proposition by reducing the
amount $7,099. I desire, Mr. Chairman, the at-
tention of the committee but on one point. I do
not intend to discuss the original propriety of this
measure; but I desire to call the attention of the
committee to its verdict yesterday on a similar
proposition. When we had up a proposition to
vote something to complete your custom-houses,
nearly every one of which is completed within a
few thousand dollars, you voted it down two to
one; and now, by the vote just taken here, it
seems that you intend to vote'in this $800,000, to
complete your water-works in this city, and to
vote in other provisions of this bill. The next
item is $1,000,000 for the Capitol extension, and
the next is $100,000 for the completion of the Post
Office building. Now, what T say is this: if the
committee is determined to vote these appropria-
tions, I would like to know upon what principle
they can refuse to vote money to complete our
custom-houses all over the country?
Mr. SICKLES. I will answer the gentleman,
if he will permit me. Water is necessary, and
these custom-houses are not necessary.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman from Illinois is not ad-
diessing himself to his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will con-
fine myself to the amendment. The committee
decided yesterday that they would not appropri-
ate one dollar to the completion of the custom-
houses ali over the country. Will we say that
we are willing to vote millions on millions for the
city of Washington, and not vote one dollar for
our own constituents, for post offices or custom-
houses, or for the convenience of our people at
home ? That is the question which I wish to pre-
sent to the committee. My own opinion was, that
we should have voted the appropriations to com-
plete ourcustom-housea. The Government should
act as a reasonable and prudent business man
would act in all these matters. Sir, 1 say if we
refuse to vote for custom-houses and marine hos-
pitals, it is our duty to administer the same jus-
tice to the Capitol extension and to these water-
wot ks.
Mr. GOODE. If the House yesterday violated
all the rules o<'propriety in refusing to do some-
thing which the gentleman thinks ought to have
been done, is that a reason why it should fall into
the same error to-dav ?
Mr. WASHBUR'NE, of Illinois. Does not
the gentleman think that all ought to be put on
the same footing?
Mr. GOODE. If you did wrong yesterday, is
that an argument why you should do wrong to-
day ? If you were a sinner one day of your life,
is that any reason why you should die a sinner?
Sir, the argument has been often brought before
the House, that there have been false representa-
tions made to Congress, as to the amount required
for certain works; hut now I state to the com-
mittee, in this case, that I believe it is within the
pow^r of the Government to close contracts which
would complete the work within the estimates
made by the superintendent.
Mr SICKLES. They are closed now.
Mr. GOODE. Now, why should not this be
done? Why should we condcmn those gentle-
men, who have entered into contract with the
Government, to the losses which they are to sus-
tain in selling off their stock, and commencing at
some future day to reconstruct the work ? Two
years ago we appropriated $150,000 to cover up
tiie works, and to suspend their operation for a
time. We came forward, then, at the next ses-
sion, and appropriated $1,000,000 to prosecute
the work, and, in making that appropriation, we
had to recover from the losses which we had sus-
tained by the sale of the stock. Will the House
thus stultify itself? Will it indulge in this strain
of hostility to the people of the District of Colum-
bia, and refuse to do justice, lest the people of the
District of Columbia should derive any advantage
from it. This aqueduct is not constructed for
the benefit of the people of the District of Colum-
bia, but for the benefit of the Government of the
United States, and of the people of the United
States, for the protection of the public works, and
for the health of the citizens, of ourselves, and of
the olficers of the Government, who reside here.
I hope the committee will sustain the appropria-
tion.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend, by redu-
cing the appropriation to one dollar. Mr. Chair-
man, it is not hostility to the District of Columbia
that controls me. I am not here for the purpose
of discussing the original propriety of construct-
ing these water-works, but I sympathize with the
Committee of Ways and Means in their great
