192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Broderick.
Senate.
government for the territory acquired by the treaty
of peace with Mexico. Mr. Webster said:
" It is of importance that we should seek to have clear
ideas and correct notions of the question which this amend-
ment of the member from V^isconsin has presented to us—
and especially that we should seek to get some conception
ofwhat is meant by the proposition, in a law to 'extend the
Constitution of the United States to the Territories.' Why,
sir, the thing is utterly impossible. All the legislation in the
world, in this general form, could not accomplish it. There
is no cause for the operation of the legislative power in such
a manner as that. The Constitution—what is it? We ex-
tend the Constitution of the United States by law to Terri-
tory ! What is the Constitution of the United States? Is
not its very first principle, that all within its influence and
comprehension shall be represented in the Legislature which
it establishes, with not only a right of debate and a right to
vote in both Houses of Congress, but a right to partake in
the choice of the Piesidentand Vice President? Andean
we by law extend these rights, or any of tliem, to a Terri-
tory of the United States ? Everybody will see that itisalto-
gethcr impracticable. It comes to this, then, that the Con-
stitution is to be extended as far as practicable; but how far
that is, is to be decided by the President of the United Stales,
and therefore he is to have absolute and despotic power.
He is the judge of what is suitable and what is unsuitable;
and what he thinks suitable is suitable, and what he thinks
unsuitable is unsuitable. He is 'omnis in Aoc;' and what
is this but to say, in general terms, that the President of the
United States shall govern this Territory as he sees fit till
Congress makes further provision?
"Now, if the gentleman will be kind enough to tell me
what punciple of the Constitution he supposes suitable,
what discrimination he can draw between suitable and un-
suitable, which he proposes to follow, I shall be instructed.
Let me say, that in this geneial sense there is no such thing
as extending the Constitution. The Constitution is ex-
tended over the United States, and over nothing else. It
cannot be extended over anything except over the old States
and the new States that shall coinern hereafter, when they
do come in. There is a want of accuracy of ideas in this
respect that is quite remarkable among eminent gentlemen,
ana especially professional and judical gentlemen. It seems
to betaken for granted that the right of trial by jury, the
habeas corpus, and every principle designed to pioteet per-
sonal liberty, is extended by foice of the Constitution itself
over every now Territory. That proposition cannot bo
maintained at all. IIovv do you arrive at it by any reason-
ing or deduction ? It can be only arrived at by the loosest
of ail possible constructions. It is f-aid that this must be so,
else the right of the habeas corpus would he lost. Undoubt-
edly these rights must be conferred bylaw, before they can
be enjoyed in a Territory."
In reply to Mr. Calhoun on the same subject,
he argued:
"The Constitution, as the gentleman contends, extends
over the Territories. IIovv does it get there ? I am surpitsed
to hear a gentleman so distinguished as a strict construc-
tionist, athiming that the Constitution of the United States
cxtcnas to the Territories, without showing us any clause in
the Constitution in any way leading to that result; and to
hear the gentleman maintaining that position, without show-
ing us in any way m which such a result could be interred, in-
creases my suiprise."
"One idea fuither upon this branch of the subject. The
Constitution or' the United States extending over the Ter-
ritories, and no other law existing there 1 Why, I beg to
know how any government could proceed, without any
other authority exishngthere than such as is created by the
Constitution of the United States? Does the Constitution
of the United States settle titles tu land ? J.)ocs it regulate
the rights of property? I)oe?> it fix the relations of paient
and child, guardian and ward? The Constitution of the
United States entablishes what the gentleman calls a con-
federation for certain great puipos.es, leaving all the great
mass of laws which is to govern society to derive their ex-
istence from State enactments. That is the ju^t view of
the state of things under the Constitution. And a State or
Territory that has no law but such as it derives from the
Constitution of the United States,must be entirely without
an> State or tcrritoual government. The honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina, conversant with the subject as he
must be ftom his long experience m different branches of
the Government, mu.-t know that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States have established principles in regard to the Ter-
ritories that are utterly repugnant to the Constitution. The
Constitution of the United Slates has provided tor them an
independent judiciary ; for the judge of every court of the
United State* holds his office upon the tenure of good be-
havior. Will the gentleman say that, in any con it estab-
lished in the Tciritotres, the judge holds his office in that
way? He holds it for a term of years, and is removable at
executive di>eretion. How did we govern Loui>iana before
it was a State3 Did the writ of habeas corpus exist m Lou-
isiana during its terntoiial existence? or the right of trial by
jury? Who ever hoard of trial by jury there bufoio the law
creating the terntoi lal government gave the right to trial by
jury? No one. And I do not believe that there is any new
light now to be thrown upon the history of the pioceedmgs
of this Government m relation to that matter. When new
territory has been acquired, it has always been subject to
the Kuvs of Congress—to such laws as Coniriess thought
proper to pass for its immediate government; for its gov-
ernment during its territorial existence, during the prepara-
tory state m winch it was to remain until it was ready to
come into the Union as one of the family of States."
At a later period in the debate he said:
"The huuoiable Senator from South Carolina argues,
that the Constitution deelare* itself to be the law of the land,
and that therefore it must extend over the Territories. ' The
land,' I take it, means the land over which the Constitution
is established 5 or, in other woids, it mean>thc States uni-
ted under the Constitution. But does not the gentleman
see at once that the argument would prove a great deal too
much? The Constitution no moie says, that the Constitu-
tion itself shall be the supreme law of the land, than it says
that the laws of Congress shall be the supreme law of the
land. It declares that the Constitution, and the laws of
Congress passed under it, shall be the supreme law of the
land."
Mr. President, the Missouri compromise was
again reaffirmed in 1848, on the passage of the
act creating a territorial government for Oregon.
The discovery of gold during the same year in
California rapidly gave that Territory a popula-
tion, three fourths of which was from the free
States. The necessity for some form of govern-
ment compelled the people of California to frame
a constitution, which, in obedience to the doctrine
of popular sovereignty, was submitted to the peo-
ple, and adopted with a clause prohibiting sla-
very. There were about five hundred votes against
the adoption of this constitution. This small op-
position did not arise because of the anti-slavery
clause, but because many of the people believed
that the time had not arrived for the formation of
a State government.
When California applied for admission with
this constitution, the South refused her admis-
sion. Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, demanded the
extension of the Missouri line to the Pacific ocean,
and the recognition of slavery on the south thereof.
In the debate on this subject he used the follow-
ing language:
" I here assert, that never will I take less than the Mis-
souri compiomise line extended to the Pacific ocean, with
the specific recognition of the light to hold slaves in the Ter-
ritory below that line ; and that, before such Territories are
admitted into the Union as States, slaves may be taken
there from any of the United States, at the option of their
owners."
This brought Mr. Clay to his feet, who said:
" I am extremely sorry to hear the Senator from Missis-
sippi say that he icquircs, first, the extension of the Missouii
compromise lino to the Pacific, and also that he is not sat-
isfied with that, but requires, if I understood him correctly,
a positive piovisron for the admission of slavery south of
that line. And now, sir, coming from a slave State as I do,
I owe it to myself, 1 owe it to truth, I owe it to the subject,
to say that no earthly power could rnduce me to vote for a
specific measure for the introduction of slavery where it had
not before existed, either south or north of that hue. Com-
ing as I do from a slave State, rt is my solemn, deliberate,
and well-matureddeicinunation,that no power—110 earthly
power—shall compel me to vote for the positive introduc-
tion of slavery either south ornorth of that line. Sir, while
you reproach, and justly too, our Butish ancestors for the
introduction of this institution upon the continent of North
America, I am, foi one, unwilling that the posterity of the
present inhabitants of California and of New Mexico shall
reproach us for doing just what we reproach Great Britain
for doing to us. If the citizens of these Territories choosc
to establish slavery, and if they come heie with constitu-
tions establishing slavety, I am for admitting them with such
provisions in their coi^titutions ; but then rt will be their
own work, and not ours; and then posterity will have to
reproach them, and not us, for forming constitutions allow-
ing the institution of slavery to exist among them. These
are my views, t>ir,and I choose to oxpiess them ; and I care
not how extensively or universally they arc known."
This was among the last debates in which Mr.
Clay took a part. It was among the last great
acts of his long and honorable life. It was the
utterance of such sentiments as these that en-
deared him to the people. They are the views
of a statesman who could forget sectional preju-
dices in a love for his whole country. Could he
come back from his honored grave, and resume
his former seat here, and utter the same senti-
ments, he would be denounced as an Abolitionist.
Strange that the Supreme Court could not permit
one decade to pass after the deaths of Webster
and Clay—those great defenders and expounders
of the Constitution—before it destroyed the meas-
ure that gave peace and prosperity to the country.
Mr. Clay's compromise measures passed, and
California became a State of the Union, despite
the protest often southern Senators, four of whom
[Messrs. Hunter and Mason, of Virginia, Da-
vis, of Mississippi, and Yulee, of Florida,] oc-
cupy seats on this floor to-day.
In their protest they state that the passage of
the bill admitting California is injurious to the
slave States, " fatal to the peace and equality of
the States they represented, and leading, if per-
sisted in, to the dissolution of that Confederacy
in which the slaveholding States had never sought
more than an equality, and in which they will not
be content to remain with less."
After the passage of the compromise measures
of 1850, with the admission of California as a
State into the Union, peace was again restored on
the question of slavery, as every patriot supposed,
forever.
In 1852, the two great parties, Whig and Dem-
ocratic, met in their conventions and indorsed, in
their several platforms, the compromises of 1850.
The questions that formerly had divided these
parties had now been settled by the adoption of
the Democratic policy, and the Democratic party
was in a large majority in both branches of the
national Legislature.
In 1854, Mr. DouGLAsintroduced the Nebraska
bill, to which Mr. Dixon, of Kentucky, offered
an amendment, the effect of which was to repeal
the Missouri compromise. This amendment was
accepted by the Committee on Territories, and
adopted by southern Senators, who objected to
the bill and report of Mr. Douglas, as I have
been informed, for not being sufficiently ultra in
their provisions.
I do not know, sir, why the Senator from Illi-
nois accepted this amendment; but I was inclined
to believe at the time, that he, representing a free
State, saw the beneficial results that were to flow
from it to the people of the North; and it was not
for him to object, when he found almost a united
South indorsing a repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, the effect of which repeal was to devote the
whole Territories of the Union to the control of
free labor. But I will do him the credit to say
that I always thought that he saw, at the time he
accepted the amendment of Mr. Dixon, that there
were to be no more slave States. The South
achieved another victory, as she supposed; the
bill became a law. From the moment of its pas-
sage, slavery and freedom confronted eacii other
in the Territories.
In the passage of this bill the people of the
North felt that a great wrong had been committed
against their rights. This was a mistaken view;
the North should have rejoiced and applauded the
Senator from Illinois for accepting Mr. Dixon's
amendment. The South should have mourned
the removal of that barrier, the removal of which
will let in upon her feeble and decaying institu-
tions millions of free laborers.
In the passage of theKansas-Nebraskabill, the
rampart that protected slavery in the southern
Tenitories was broken down. Northern opin-
ions, northern ideas, and northern institutions,
were invited to the contest for the possession of
these Territories.
How foolish for the South to hope to contend
with success in such an encounter. Slavery is
old, decrepit, and consumptive; freedom is young,
strong, and vigorous. The one is naturally sta-
tionary and loves ease; the other is migratory and
enterprising. There are six million people inter-
ested in the extension of slavery; there are twenty
million freemen to contend for these Territories,
out of which to carve for themselves homes where
labor is honorable. Up to the time of the pas-
sage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, a large major-
ity of the people of the North did not question
the right of the South to control the destinies of
the Territories south of the Missouri line. The
people of the North should have welcomed the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act I am as-
tonished that Republicans should call for a res-
toration of the Missouri compromise. With the
terrible odds that are against her, the South should
not have repealed it if she desired to retain her
rights in the Territories.
Has it never occurred to southern gentlemen
that millions of laboringfree men are born yearly,
who demand subsistence and will have it; that as
the marts of labor become crowded they will
spread into the Territories and take possession of
them. The Senator from South Carolina under-
values the strength and intelligence of these men
when he denounces them as slaves. Would a
dissolution of the Union give these southern Ter-
ritories to slavery? No, sir. It is a mistake to
suppose that it would. A dissolution of the Union
would not lessen the amount of immigration, or
the number of free white men seeking for homes
and a market for their labor. Wherever there is
land for settlement, they will rush in and occupy
it, and the compulsory labor of slaves will have
to give way before the intelligent labor of free-
men. Had the Missouri line been retained, the
northern laborer would not have sought to go
south of it. But this line having been abolished
