1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2255
anxiety to economize. What is the condition of
the country? Wc have,since the commencement
of the present Congress, borrowed $20,000,000.
It is said we will have to borrow another sum.
Whether that is so or not, I do not pretend to
know; bat that the condition of the Treasury is em-
barrassed, all know and all admit. The question
that now presents itself to the committee is simply
this: whether we will appropriate $1,050,000 of
money which we have not in the Treasury for the
purpose of doing what? of bringing water into
this city, which, to say the least of it, we can dis-
pense with for a while. I ask why wo should not
suspend this work as well" as others? Is there
any controlling reason why we should spend
$1,050,000 of the public money for the purpose
of supplying water to this city, while we are
suspending public improvements throughout the
country ? I think not.
Now we are told that these estimates were for
$2,300,000; what assurance have we thatthatwill
complete the woik' Gentlemen express the opin-
ion that it will. They say that the agent for the
Government says it will; but I call the attention of
gentlemen to one solitary improvement in connec-
tion with this Capitol, on which estimates were
furnished. I mean the dome of the Capitol.
Mr. GOODE. 1 desire to say that the Super-
intendent of Public Buildings never made an esti-
mate for that dome. The estimate was made by
the architect.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman from Kentucky is not
confining his remarks to the subject of the amend-
ment.
Mr. BURNETT. I am giving the reasons why
this appropriation should be reduced, and I think
I understand as well as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, whether I am confining myself to the
subject or not. Now, take this dome of the Capi-
tol—I know it was not estimated for by the Su-
perintendent of Public Works, but it is one in-
stance to show an enormous expenditure of pub-
lic money, overand above the estimates submitted
to the House. Now we aie told here, that con-
tractors may suffer. The gentleman from Virgin-
ia, on my left [Mr. Letcher] says there is no
contract made. He is on the Committee of Ways
and Means, and certainly ought to know. He
speaks by authouty.
Mr. LETCHER. There has been a proposi-
tion for bids, and these bids have been made; and
from what 1 understand, the facts are simply
these: that these bid's are withul the estimate
of one million dollars; but that the Secretary of
War, in the absence of the appropriation, has not
completed the contracts.
Mr. BURNETT. Then,.sir, if the contractors
lose anything it is their own fault. I am not here
for the purpose of legislating for contractors with
this Government, f am not here for the purpose
of providing for the losses of individuals who
may undertake public works; but I am here for
the purpose of protecting the interests of the en-
tire country. When we are told that the Treas-
ury has no money in it, and that we must econo-
mize, I am for applying tTie knife where we can
be;t do it wilhoutinjury to the public good. That
is my rule. *
Now, on the subject of this Capitol, we are told
that we have to vote a laige sum of money for it.
Sir, if this economyis necessary, let us commence
economizing at the right place; and 1 know of no
better place to commence than on these two ap-
propnarfions in this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. As there seems to be some
misapprehension in regard to the matter alluded
to by the gentleman from Kentucky, I beg leave
to state a little more explicitly what the matter is,
precisely as I understand it. This proposition
was made for bids for this work. These bids
have been received, they have been examined and
have been approved, and, in the event of an ap-
propriation of money for the purpose of complet-
ing this work, contracts based upon these bids
will be entered into by the Secretary of War.
Mr. GOODE. And these bids are within the
estimates. ,
Mr. LETCHER. So I have stated. But I am
opposed to this thing myself. I voted against it
in committee, and I shall vote against it here for
this simple and plain reason: that I do not think
it either just or right that these individuals who
have property in this District should go scot free
from taxation, while the Federal Government
bears the whole burden.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman
whether the citizens of the District will not be
charged with the water they use?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not understand it to be
so at all. Tlie Government is to lay the main
pipes along the streets, and then the citizens, as
I understand it, aie to be allowed to tap these
main pipes <for their water. But it would give me
a far worse opinion of the whole scheme if«the
Federal Government should go to peddling water
here, around the city. I take it that when the
water comes here the Government will use what
it wants, and whatever excess there may be it
will allow the citizens of the District to use.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I move to
amend by increasing the appropriation $1,000. I
differ entirely from my worthy friend from Ken-
tucky in regard to this matter. Wo are all inter-
ested in the city of Washington, as the seat of
Government. The Government owns property
to the amount of a hundred million dollars in this
District. It is well known to gentlemen who are
familiar with the state of things here, that there
is not a supply of water in this city, and that it
is indispensably necessary for the convenience
of members of Congress, of Government officials,
and of citizens who maybe permanently or tran-
siently here, that there should be a supply of
water. There is rio cliaige of any misapplication
of funds on this woik. The Government has al-
ready invested very largely in the work, and has
spent nearly a million and a half of dollars upon
i it, and now to leave it in its present condition,
! would be the worst sort of economy. It is not
J fair to talk, in connection with this, about cus-
toni-houses in New Orleans, or in other sections
j of the country. We have a right to discriminate.
I Because we have not sufficient funds to complete
| all the public works, does it follow that a gieat
work of this kind, at the seat of Government,
should fall into ruin ? That is not the course of
a prudent Government, or the course of a prudent
man: and I have heard of no sufficient reason why
this appropriation should not be made for this
great work. I understand that this appropriation
will complete it. It may be, that residents of the
city of Washington may derive benefit from this
work; but is that a reason why the Government
should be deterred from the execution of what is
necessary for the interests of its people?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment to
the amendment will not prevail; for the reason
that if it does, it will still leave a large amount
of money to be appropriated. I think that the
amendment striking out the appropriation alto-
gether should be adopted, for I do not believe that
there is any law, or any constitutional power, au-
thorizing us to expend money out of the public
Treasury for any such purpose. When'we take
money out of the Treasury for such a. woik, we
compel the whole people t© replace that money;
and, as the Government owns property in New
York also, we might as well provid?by law that
Mr. Astor, or some other peison in New York,
shall build water-works for that city, as to pro-
vide that the people of this country shall contrib-
ute to the building of water-works for this city.
It is all wrong—the whole of it.
I object to it on another ground. We have sol-
emnly voted down appropriations that were re-
quired to fulfill existing' contracts—valid contiacts.
We suffer the faith of the Government to be vio-
lated, because, as we say, we have not got money
to fulfill those contracts. And yet, in the face of
that, wo are going on to appropriate $800,000 out
of the Treasury for a work for which there is no
contract, merely because we want lo complete this
work this year, instead of next year, or at some
subsequent time. I say, first, that it is uncon-
stitutional; next, that there is no law for it; and
if we appropriate this money for this purpose, and
repudiate our solemn contracts, we shall biing
down upon ouiselvcs justly the scorn of the civ-
ilized woild. Why shall we repudiate ou? con-
tracts, for the sake of violating all sound constitu-
tional principles ?
I hope the amendment to the amendment will
be voted down, and then I hope that the original
appropriation will be stricken out. I feel free to
make these remarks, because this item was in-
! serted in the bill by the Committee of Ways and
j Means in my absence, and I was not committed
to it. I have never voted one dollar for this work,
and I never will. If the work could be completed
for one dollar, I would not vote it.
[Loud cries of " Question ! "]
Mr. Stewakt's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. COBB. I ask the attention of the commit-
tee to what I shall say, for I shall not occupy my
five minutes. I move to strike out the entire
clause.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Alabama that that amend-
ment is already pending.
Mr. COBB. I thought it had been voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to add an amend-
ment at the end of the clause; to which, I pre-
sume, there will be no objection.
Mr. COBB. I wanted to offer an amendment.
I had not, concluded my sentence.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman from
Alabama is entitled to the floor. The gentleman
will please state.his amendment.
Mr. COBB. That is what I want to do if I
can get the attention of the Chair. The pending
amendment, as I understand it; is to strike out
the entire clause.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the pending prop-
osition.
Mr. COBB. Then I move to strike out all but
the words " which may not be required for said
purpose."
The Chair and the committee will see my ob-
ject at once. It is now nearly five o'clock. It is
obvious that, unless we get rid of this clause, we.
may discuss the question for the next twenty-four
hours. The experience of former sessions has
shown that we cannot dispose of tins question in
less than two days Now, my object is to have
the whole clause stricksn out; and I call the at-
tention of the friends as well as the enemies of
the appropriation to it. If we strike out the clause
here, when we get into the House we can have'a
vole taken upon striking it out, by yeas and nays;
and if there is a majority against striking it out,
why, then its friends can sustain it. Iam against
the appropriation; and when we come to-vote on
it in the House by yeas and nays, I shall vote
in favor of striking it out. Now, if the committee
wants to get rid of the question, let the friends
and enemies of the appropriation vote to strike
it out; and then, when we come into the House,
we can have a vote on it by yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON. Notwithstanding the inter-
esting programme of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, I propose toaniend his amendment so as to
perfect the words which he proposes to strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot offer any further amendment at this time.
Mr. COBB. I want a vote on my amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to amend what the
gentleman pioposes to strike out.
Mr. COBB. He cannot amend it; and I want
a vote on my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, if it be to amend the bill, takes
precedence of the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama.
Mr. STANTON. I propose to add to the clause
proposed to be stricken out, the following:
Pro rid Ft1, That no paitof the pura hereby appropriated
shall he expended uutil contracts snail he entered into with
responsible parties lor the completion ot the work; wlmfii,
m the aggregate, shall notexeeed the amount hereby appro-
priated.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Davidsox] moves to strike out the
whole paragraph. The gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] moves to amend the matter proposed
to be stricken out, by striking out all of it but the
iastline. The motion of thegentleman from Ohio,
in the opinion of the Chair, is not in order at this
time.
, Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask for the read-
ing of the paragraph at the top of the 305th page
of the Manual. . , .
Mr. STANTON. I think the Chair is in error
in regard to the question of order. Thegentleman
from Alabamahas proposed an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out certain words. It is in
order to move to amend the matter proposed to be
stricken out before the question is taken'on strik-
