1232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
TOtes, and this in the most open and daring man-
ner. In the late elections for State officers and
members of Congress, it is a matter of history
that these things were so notorious that the Gov-
ernor of the State felt called on to interpose his
authority to protect tihe people in their rights.
Hts late message to the Legislature of Maryland
discloses circumstances (if true, and I have no
reason to doubt them) compared with which the
alleged frauds in Kansas sink into insignificance.
Baltimore is but forty miles from this capital.
She is a great commercial emporium. Her peo-
ple aie civilized and educated. Kansas is far out
upon our borders; and her citizens, though intel-
ligent, in a wild and newly-settled region could
not be supposed, in the very nature of things, to
be so obedient to the laws and regulations of so-
ciety as the people of a gicat commercial city.
Yet, sir, whilst the Black" Republican members
and others grow indignant over the few instances
of violated law in Kansas, as yet I have seen no
outbursts of patriotic indignation about the rights
of the people of Maryland. Sir, is itnot a signif-
icant fact that a whole country is to be aroused,
and the very existence of the Government itself
put in jeopardy by agitators, on account of alleged
frauds in Kansas, when alleged frauds of might-
ier magnitude, occurring wuhin forty miles of the
Capitol, scarcely elicit a passing notice?
Sir, it occurs to me that no man can doubt for
amomentthe lessons which are to be derived fiom
the scene winch is now being enacted in this Cap-
itol. Having an eye to the past histoiy of this
question, and accuiately observing the position
winch men and parties are now assuming, I am
deeply impressed with the conviction that the
lessons which we aie to draw are anything else
but flattering to the futuie welfare of the country.
"Whatever i easons may he assigned l>v gentlemen,
and however specious and accurate their reasons,
for refusing to admit Kansas into the Union now,
I suppose, sir, that no man doubts that the secret
cause which is operating on the minds of mem-
bers to hold her out of the Union, is the fact that
Iter constitution establishes the institution of Af-
rican slavery theic. There may be, anil doubt-
less are, some exceptions to this piopo.sition. If
tliiiJ be so, sir, and / think it was cleaily shown
by my friend from Mississippi, [\Ir. Hap.icsdalk,]
and 1 am sure that a large majority of those who
differ from me on this question will not deny it,
1 n.->k, what is the pioper and legitimate infer-
ence to be drawn by those of us who icprcsent
southern States and southern constituencies here ?
It is this, sir—and it is an inference which must
.sink deeply upon our minds—that henceforward
no more slave States are to be admitted into this
Union, in other woids, that the time has come
when we are to take an inferior position in the
Confederacy; when the Government is to mai k us
and brand us with all the epithets which our Ab-
olition enemies have been heaping on us for yeais;
when we are to be the vassals of the Government,
paying our duo proportion of the taxes, and bear-
ing our part of all the but dens, in peace and in war,
without the right equally to paiticipate m the
bfcsMiigs which the constitution confeis. Sir, if
Kansas is unworthy to come into the Union as a
State because she has institutions like oius, then
ai"* we unworthy of our places here; if Kansas is
unfit for the association of the States, so are we
uefit.
S;r, this is a matter which strikes at the per-
sonal honor of every true southern heart. By
declaring, as did the senior member from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,J in his speech this moi mug, (and
the sentiment pervades his whole party,) that he
is unwilling to associate with any Suite whose
constitution tolerates slavery, he llings a direct
insult into the faces of the south' m people. Born
und^r a southern sky, nurUreu in the lap of a
southern State, which in intelligence ami virtue,
in noble beating, in council, and upon the field
of battle, has shown herself to be equal m every-
thing to the proudest State in the Confederacy,
as one of her humblest children, I stand ready
to iesent the insult and hurl it back into the teeth
of those who oiler it. They aie unwilling to ad-
rait Kansas into the Union, hecau&o hei constitu-
tion tolerates the institution of slavery. Sir, had
this sent mum pre \ axled when the Constitution was
in.uJe, we had had no Government. It did not pre-
vail then. It did not prevail after the Constitution
was made, in the earlier and better days of the Re-
public. It was reserved for the Black Republican
party to announce a doctrine which directly strikes
at the honor and independence of fifteen States of
this Confederacy. These aie conclusions which
must force themselves upon every mind; and if
they be fair and proper conclusions, strange as it.
may seem and re vol ting as it may appear to patriots
everywhere, if mv own native State of Tennessee
were out of the Union she could not get in. No,
sir; bright arid glorious as has been her history,
with the blood of her sons reddening almost every
battle-field since she has been a State, loyal to the
country, true and devoted to the Constitution,
with the bones of her Carrolls and her Coffees,
hei Jacksons and her Polks, quietly reposing be-
neath her soil, under the opeiationof this ptinci-
ple of excluding States, because their institutions
do not suit the tastes of Abolition traitors, were
she to-day out of the Union, and come and hum-
bly ask for admission, she would be hurled back
with scorn and contempt.
If this is to be the ruling in the future, it is but
right that the people who are to suffer from it
should know it. lam not here to threaten or in-
timidate anybody. I expect'every member to be
guided by his own convictions of duty. I speak
for a people who arc not given to threatening, but
who always deal candidly with friends and with
enemies. Hut when the startling fact is made
known to the people of Tennessee that hereafter
they are to be considered as inferiors and not as
equals in the Confederacy, whilst I do not assume
now to say what they will do, I am warranted,
from their past history, in asserting that they will
take a position. It will be a position, too, not in-
consistent with their honor, their independence,
or their past history. And when they plant them-
selves upon a principle, they will stand by it. I
say, sir, I do not know what they may do; but
w hatever steps my native State ma-y see proper to
take, I expect to go with her, and stand by her
thiough stoim and tluough sunshine, though her
footsteps mav lead through lire and blood and
desolation. I have thought pioper to say thus
much, sir, but not in the spirit of unkmdness or
menace. I trust that wise and prudent counsels
may govern us; and, above all, 1 call upon mem-
bers to remember to do justice to every pai t of the
Conftderaev. If- is only through just measures
that the spint of our Constitution can be admin-
istered. 1 call upon you of the North who have
the courage, to stand up boldly in the midst of
the storm, to heed not the appeals of demagogues,
who urge you to falter in your devotion to the
constitutional rights of the people.
in some of the remaikw which have been made
on this subject, gentlemen have attempted to de-
pict to those Demociats of the North who are
standing by the Piesah nt in this issue, tie.' polit-
ical graves to winch their course is loading them.
Sir, might we not infer from this that questions
of political success, and not of principle, govern
those gentlemen m their course on this question 5
And ma y we not come to the conclusion that it is
" fear," and not " duty," which actuates them in
opposing this measure of justice ? The true hero
j is he who, when he knows the right, pursues it
I with a fiim step and a steady eye, and lets con-
j sequences take caie of themselves, in morals, in
| politics, end in war, he is a coward who consults
i anything else but his own convictions of duty.
{ Had "Washington listened to the " Mivn song" of
| those who counseled selfishness, the Revolution
ij would not have been fought, nor Ameucan nule-
h pendence achieved; and had the immortal hero
;j of the Hermitage heeded the warnings of false
II friends or the threats of coward foes, the crown-
mg act of his life would ba\e proved a failure,
.land Ins great name would ha\e beenshoui of
|l half its glot y.
Then i ask you again to bo guided alone l:^ your
jj convictions of duty. Remember that perhaps
!j upon the fate of this question depends in a great
i! measure the confidence which one portion of the
![ Confederacy, the weaker one, is to repose for the
| futuie m the justice of the dominant section. For
| if you succeed, as I trust you may not, m fully
; convincing the mmds of the people ofthe southern
j States that they have no hope in the Confederacy
'j but in degiadauon and oppiessio't, you know too
Ii well the spirit which animates the clulmvnof the
revolutionary fathers to doubt the result. The
j! crowning feature of our Confederacy,and thatone
' which wins for it admiration throughout the civ-
ilized world, is equality. I ask you not to destroy
this, but let your energies be aroused, and your
arms nerved, to maintain it and perpetuate it for-
ever. if this be done, then will we not bring
shaine upon the memuiies of those who staked so
much in the achievement of our libei ties. But,
sir, if tyranny and oppression arc to take the
place of independence and equality; if. one sec-
tion of this Union is to assume to govern the other
because that other is the weaker; if, in shoit, the
unbridled will of mere numbers is to rule without,
constitutional authority, then is the glory of our
system departed, and we shall soon see the hegin-
nmgof those scenes which foretell and foreshadow
an end too dark and sad to contemplate without
shuddering.
Let us hope, sir, that a spirit of justice and
moderation may prevail,and that soon, very soon,
our constituents may be made glad by the an-
nouncement that their Representatives have so
guided and directed public affairs as to bring peace
and quiet to the whole country, and give new as-
surances to the world ofthe wisdom of the framers
of our noble form of government, and our high
appreciation of the blessings which it confers.
Mr. MORSE, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
the gentlemen who have spoken on this side of
the floor, on this Kansas policy, have stated all
the facts. I shall not go over thatgiound. I re-
gard this whole business, from the repeal of the
Missouri compromise to the measure which is
now sought to be forced through this bodv, as
one undivided indivisible crime, and so it Is re-
garded everywhere in the free States. We care
not to dwell on the odious particulars; as a whole
and in all its parts, from its inception to the depth
to which it is now sunken, it is a blot on the face
of this continent. That picture of fanaticism and
ignorance which disfigures the basin ofthe great
Siilt L ike, described in nervous and graphic lan-
guage some time ago by my friend and colleague,
[Mr. Tiiomp'-ox,] lias in it no colors and group-
ings so frightful and forbidding as that scene
which, for four years past, has been presented
on the soil of Kansas. In Utah we witness a
social system, orgamzed by men who, by their
ignorance, low culture, and mental and spiritual
debasement, belong to the ninth century, rather
than the nineteenth, and its developments are the
natural outgrowth, in any age, from any body of
men so low and homogeneous in their civilization.
In Kansas, on the contrary, the events are unnat-
ural and monstrous, m the degree in which the
actois and instigators are enlightened and exalted.
The one spectacle we look at as on any slough in
the abhorred past, which mankind has struggled
through, but in which they were once mired. The
other we regard as a violent assault on all that is
best in our piesent life. The one is an excres-
cence on the Ameiican soil; the other dishonors
the American name.
The facts, Mr. Chairman, I say have been stated,
but the question recurs, why have these facts hap-
pened ? "Why, in the last four years, has the
moral sense of the nation received shock after
shock, till faith is weakened, not only in the stabil-
ity of our institutions, and in the integrity of our
public men, but in the virtue of mankind in our
day ? Four years ago an act was done here, which
five years ago would have been looked upon evei y
where, South as well asNoith, as an impossible
crime; and yet we find here a Congress from the
people, with amajontyto sanction and even laud
the act, and a President ofthe United States elected
by the people, seeking to carry it to its ruthless
consummation. The primal instinctive idea m
the breast of every American man and boy, the
centra! idea on which his citizenship rests, is that
the election precincts should be sacred as a tem-
ple. Yet that idea has been mocked at, that sacred
place invaded and defiled like butcher's shambles,
and now wc find a hundied men on this floor,
who, if they do not excuse it, not only rcfiam
from denouncing this violation of the most dis-
tinctive idea of American life, but are willing to
avail themselves of it as an auxiliary to then* ends.
Where would thisKansasquestion be now except
for tiie profanation of the ballot-box? It would
not he in this House.
I know the special pleading, the fine-spun the-
ory, under which men here claim the light to
avail themselves of these fiauds, but their reason-
ing is a flimsy form of words, satisfying neither
themselves or others. I shall not attempt to reply
