SIGNAL GLOBE.
THE
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS
OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,
WASHINGTON,
D. C.
Thirty
Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 21, 1853.
New Series...
.Nq.142.
the bill by striking out the two hundred and twen-
ty-fifth line, as follows:
tc For United States Capitol extension, §1,0005000.''
I make that motion for the purpose of dispos-
ing of this question. Otherwise it would be dp-
bated here another day, and we should end the
debate where we began it. If gentlemen are in
favor of the appropriation, they can have a chance
to vote upon it in the House; if they are opposed
to the appropriation, they have the same iisjlit in
the House. I think the Committee of Ways and
Means are as competent to decide on its necessity
as we can possibly be who have given less atten-
tion to it. If we strike it out, we can pass on to
other items of the bill; and we will have an op-
portunity in the House to record our votes for
or against this item. In the anxiety to dispose
of the public business, I hone the committee will
proceed to vote on my amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man  
[Loud cries of" Question !" "Question!"]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I under-
stand my right here to be to offer my amendment,
and the right of gentlemen on the other side of
the House to n-ject it if they sec fit. I propose
to amend by adding this amendment:
Provided, That this appiopnatmn >1uiii not be expended,
in wlioJo or in pait, upon tlie emhs'llifinnpnt or deeotanou
of t!ie Capitol rxt.'iiMon, culun by pamui g 01 ^culpinic in
the panels or niches oi the Setuu- or Jjmj ,r, 01 m tho pi d-
nnont* of the poiti 01 in tlu> fjni-!i <>•' the h.il!-, ci'in-
niitf'Mi roonw, 01 pavase-*, nnle —. the <h>Miin i<u such em
IvHi-hnji-Mit and decoration thall have been fn-t "-nfom'Mod
to a.id accepted by .1. ommitLee. lo be t by 111c IV's.
j.lent, compo-fd of th.iui di^tm«ni-lHMi .11 ti-i-. cm/ens of
tlie i anted tiuue*, winch committee *hali be employed by
the President lor the puipo-e of cxaminum and dotei mming
tip"fi stKh d^?i<rnsa > -hall be adopted lor the embeilHmient
of' the Co p.to! extension : Jlnd inoiidcri further, Paid com-
mittee of airwt* shall act m connection with and ^ubotdi-
jiate to tne Joint Cotnmiiioo on tho Lilmoy o! Coupe-!?,
and shall not be authorized tnconeinde ;>nv contract for the
execution of such design without the direction of said com-
mittee.
Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to say to the commit-
tee, if this amendmentdoos not explain itself, that
it is my purpose, 111 offering the amendment, to
place the embellishment of this Capitol in the
hands of out Joint Committee on the Library, but
to interpose so as to have the dftu^ns lhaf aie to
fill these panels and niches submitted to artistic
taste before they are adopted, if you appropri-
ate for this Capitol extension a million dollars,
and permit it 10 £0 unguarded in this appropria-
tion bill, this million dollars may be expended, m
whole or m part, by those who have heretofore
conducted the embellishment and decoration of
this Capitol. The panels around this Hall may
ail be filled with this money. These niches may
" all be filled with sculpture of the selection of gen-
tlemen who have no experience m such matters;
and I think, myself, it ought to be guarded.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will listen to me for a moment, I would suggest
that instead of his three distinguished artists he
refer this matter to the Joint Committee on the
Libiaiy.nnd they can consult witlidistinguishetl
artists if they choose.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. X would say
to the gentleman that I ha\e brought the commit-
tee of artists that! have designated under the con-
trol of the Committee on the Libraty so far as to
pievent the artists from executing designs until
they shall be approved by the Joint Comniittce
011 the Library. But I have brought the Joint
Committee on the Library under the contiol of
artistic taste to the extent that the designs that
are to be submitted to them shall have passed the
examination of men of some professional skill.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky what amount of pay his
amendment provides shall be given to these ait-
ists?
Mr. MARSH ALL, of Kentucky. Nonoatall,
sir. I am proud for American artists to say that
they want no pay. A"!i ihey ask is that their
country, in erecting an edifice bke this, and in es-
tablishing a gr^at national monument like this,
142
may do as other countries have always done—
encourage art so far as to give their artists some
opportunity to transmit their names to future
times, in connection with this national edifice, and
not to have the panels of this Hall filled with daubs
like that. [Pointing to a specimen of fresco in
one of the panels of tho. Hall.]
Mr. J. GLA.NGY JONES. I wish to say to
the gentleman from Kentucky that I approve of
his amendment, and hope it will be adopted; but
I wish to remark that tho money which will be
required for the decoration of this Hall is not in-
cluded in this appropriation.
Mr. MARSHALLj of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, I believe I have the floor. The gentleman
is so compendious in his remarks, th-u a single
sentence deserves a reply. [Laughter.] Let me
say to the gentleman,
" There are more tiling in heaven and earth, Horatio,
Than aredieaml of in yom philosophy/'
Sir, if this appropriation is not guarded as I
propose, these panels will be filled 
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I do not propose
to reply at any length to the icmarks of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky; but when he proposes to
call into requisition the high degree of artistic
skill which he eulogizes so much, I may refer to
some of the. exhibitions of artistic skill here, that
have provoked the criticism and animadversion
of me m be is ever since we. have oceupnd this
Hall. It is claimed by these artists that tins Hall
exhibits the highest dp^ree of that artistic skill
which is again tn be invoked to decorate and adorn
thus Capitol. Now, I am not disposed to confide
much in that kind of artistic skill by which this
Hall and this Capitol extension have been dec-
orated. I much prefer to rely upon the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library, or a joint committee to 'oe
raised for the purpose, than upon these three dis-
tinguished artists.
Mr. M ARSII ALL, of Kentucky. None of my
men had anything to do with this Hall,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If we place the
matter under tho control of such a committee,
who wili, of course, consult such artists as they
consider to be distinguished artists, 1 think we
shall arrive at better conclusions than by confid-
ing the matter to the unlimited control of three
distinguished artists, who are kind enough to vol-
unteer their services for no compensation but the
distinguished honor of having their maiks upon
this national cd ifice. I think the fact that they arp
willing to give their services without pay isqu 1 to
conclusive evidence that their services would be
worth just what they ask for them. [Laughter.]
I hope the amendment will be modified, so as
to place the matter under the direction of a joint
committee of Congress; but if it be a fact, as stated
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that this
appropriation docs not apply to the decorations
of the Capitol, then the amendment is altogether
unnecessary.
. Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would like
to know where the control of tlie matter is now ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I suppose that the
control of it rests with the architect of the Capitol.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I understand"
dint it rests with the Committee on the Library.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. And that commit-
tee have never consulted on the subject, as t un-
derstand,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. And never
will.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There is no law
directing the supervision of the matter by the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The archi-
tecture of 1 l,o Capitol rests ultimately with the
President of the Cnited Slates, by law. The act-
ual supervision of the architectuie has hee j tin re-
ferred to 'he Secretai v of War, and by him to
Captain Mts^s. And when the y put a thing like
that painting "over there on plasty, ihey c..ii it a
part of the architecture, inasmuch as n~rt «f it is
fresco work.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then, if the con*
trol of the matter is fixed by law, the gentleman
amendment, according to his own statement, is
not in order, as it changes the existing
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, Not *8$ all.
There is no provision of law about the embellish-
ment and decoration of the Capitol, to which my
amendment is confined.
The amendment to the amendment, proposed
by Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky, was agreed to.
Tlie question was taken; and the motion to
strike out was agreed to.
Air. SINGLETON. I move to amend, by in-
serting after line two hundred and twenty-five, the
following:
For fcncinc, grading the ground*, painting and otherwise
fiin.-'lnn? the marine iio^pifai at Vicfcsfwrg, m the State 01'
Mi^M-ssippi, .$5,000.
Air. LETCHER. That amendment is i)ot in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides-the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. X propose
to offer the amendment which was just voted into
the clause which has been stricken out, as: an inde-
pendent amendment.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order. The clause has been
sfi icken out of the hill, leaving nothing to which
the gentleman's amendment is germane.
Mr. J. GL ANCY JONES. I am instructed by
tho Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of the
bill:
For repaiimg the «a!oon in the old portion of the Patent
Office building for the lecrption of models of patents, and
for fitting up dud ftuni-lung the &mue with &uitdb(e casct=,
§10,000/
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
Thin amendment is not gfrmano to this bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
from Georgia will hear this letter upon the sub-
ject, I think he will see that it is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Report what it hitches to.
Mr. SEW A [ID. It does not hitch to anything.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it does not hitch, then I
object to it. [Laughter.]
|| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
Si amendment is in oider.
}! Mr. XIOUSTOiN. I make the point of order
i] that that amendment is not germane to any por-
'! tion of this.bill and cannot be in order.
I! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it need
I not necessarily be germane to any portion of the
| bill to make it in order. The Chair thinks it io
' in order.
| Mr. SEWARD. Pis not to carry out any ex-
i isting law, and ). appeal from the decision of the
! Chair.
! The question was taken on tho appeal, and the
: derision of tlie Oha>r was sustained.
I Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now send up the
following letters, which Will explain the whole
, matter.
; The following letters were read:
: Treasury Department,
I February 19,
j Sut: I have the honor to transmit herewith a oommwni-
; cation from Hon. j. Thompson, Secretary of the Interior,
! with ineiOMites, by wlnen an :uidu onai appropriation is
' leqfKHtcd of .$-!<>,OU.'J,t: for preparing the saiomi of the ofd
j poitum of tlie Patent OiTice building ibr the reception of
i uiodrK for patent;, and for fitting up, lepairing.aml turm*h-
1 ui£ tin1 same with tunable ea?e>."
' Verv ie*pectluliy, jour obediunt servant.
" HOWELL COBE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Jamfs L. Ork.
1 b peak a 0/ the House of Reprcscntatiies, fyc,
DCP 4RTMENT OF THE INTERIOR,
j Washivg-ton, Fcbrunrxi 18,1853
Sir: I have the honor to jneloso a copy of a letter tu^-
- diesstii me on ihe 16th instant by tne Oommi^onei o«
1 Fato.i'-, iir-kitt!* that such steps mav be taken oa may w-
oih-nr to obtain an appiopiiaiion for fmins up ihe p.'ij-j.ojj
oi th,- Puu-nt O/iice buddrs heretofore occupied by tn<>
eo!!','<Mioi.> of the exploring expedition, tor the iccepuon oi'
objpQt fpr which the expenditure is pro-
' posed to bcMiiade, I have the honor to request that tho fo!-
