1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m7
been paid in, the debt which they represent is
bound to be extinguished. When a note for one
hundred dollars or five hundred dollars is paid
into the Land Office for the purchase of a tract of
land in the public domain, the receiver indorses
its receipt upon its back, and it is bound to be ex-
tinguished and cannot go into circulation again.
Is that a characteristic of bank paper? Is that an
element of ragocracy ?
And yet the gentleman talks about two classes
of Democracy into which this House is divided.
But, sir, the gentleman did not apprehend into how
many divisions the House is separated. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] gravely*
speaks of the Democracy on that side of the House.
I would like very much to know what Democracy
that is.
Mr. BANKS. The Democracy of the Consti-
tution, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Exactly. The De-
mocracy which thinks it is right to " let the Union
elide," 1 suppose. [Laughter.] That Democracy
which seeks the safety of the white and black
races in the " principleofabsorption.5' Ifthatis
Democracy, I loathe it from my very soul. That
is a Democracy of which I know nothing. But
may be the gentleman clcaves to some of the les-
sons of wisdom which were taught him when he
was m the bosom of the great Democratic party.
We can, however, only r$fer to the history of
the country to ascertain the characteristics of this
pretended Democracy.
Now, sir, this proposition is necessary to sup-
ply the immediate wants of the Government, to
meet existing emergencies. It is requisite to have
$6,000,000. Nobody is bound to receive these
Tieasury notes except at par—except as gold
and silver.
But the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Abbott]
over the way, who, though fresh in this Hall, sets
up for a teacher, gravely undertakes to lecture the
Democracy on the subject of retrenchment, for
something that has taken place m the little town
where he lives, away down east, where it is so
cold that they have to cut a hole through the ice
to allow the sun to rise. [Laughter.] He says,
that there has been great extravagance there, and
expects that wc are to recover the means for meet-
ing the present crisis by retrenchment in that little
town of his. Does not the gentleman know that
these reforms cannot be effected at once? Does
he not know that the relief now asked for is to
meet an exigency which now exists, and that any
measure of retrenchment which might be inaugu-
rated could not accomplish its desired effect before
the Treasury notes, which it is proposed to issue,
were needed' Yet, sir, the gentleman gets up
here and gravely tells us that he wants us to re-
trench to the amount of $20,01)0,000. I rejoice
from my very heart that we are getting new re-
cruits. I do not care for the gentleman's change
of position. I rejoice that we have new recruits
in the great work of retrenchment. I will with
him who goes furthest in that work. I will go for
cutting down the sinecure offices in the gentle-
man's town and elsewhere; and I shall hold the
gentleman to his obligation. I will test his sin- (
cerity in his desire to carry out these works of I
retrenchment. 1
But that is not all. Without dwelling longer
upon these subjects, because i am anxious to con-
clude my remarks, and give others an opportu-
nity, I beg leave fora moment to refer to a remark
made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Love-
joy.] That gentleman got up here, and, from his
manner, gave us assurance that the House was
about to be enlightened. But the gentleman had
not gone far before we were satisfied thata'* second
Darnel had come to judgment." He went on to tell
the House and the country what reforms he would
make. He would strike down our whole diplo-
matic staff at '• one fell swoop." He then wont
on to present his \iews to the House, and said
that he would allow us to retain a representative
in one foreign court. I waited with much anxiety
to ascertain at what, court he would allow us to
maintain a representative. I expected to hear him
announce that the only representative which this
country should be permitted to maintain abroad
should be at the great imperial Government of
Hayti or St. Domingo. I expected to hear him
proclaim, in this assembly, that that was the only
foreign nation where we should be permitted to
retain a vestige of representation. But to my
surprise the gentleman told us that we occupied
so intimate relations with Great Britain, with the
mother country, that we should maintain a rep-
resentative there.
Mr. Chairman, I will not dwell upon this sub-
ject, but I submit to the gentleman from Illinois
that he has no right, as a Representative here—
as one seeking to perform his duties in that spirit
of justice and charity which covers a multitude
of sins—ay, sir, covers a multitude of sins—to
present his surmises and insinuations against a
public officer, for no cause known whatsoever.
He has no right to expect this House to follow
such suggestions as these, founded in suspicion
and surmises, when we have the^ official records
of the conduct of these officers before us.
I had intended to have made more extended re-
mark upon this subject, but I do not deem it ne-
cessary, and I cannot do it m courtesy to those
around me who desire to address the committee
upon this bill. I shall therefore close, by calling
the attention of the committre to a single view
which I shall present; and what is that view? It
is to ask gentlemen to come up here in the spirit
of that Constitution which I reverence, whether
the gentleman from Illinois does or not; and, al-
though the gentleman from Illinois yesteday in-
voked it in a solemn manner, and called upon
us to rally under its broad folds, yet I have heard
that that gentleman regarded it only as a rotten
rag, which ought to be trampled under foot.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I thought the gentleman was
just now saying that I ought not to insinuate
anything against a public officer. Ought tho gen-
tleman to insinuate against members of this House
because of what he has heard?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. From what I have
heard? Certainly; how else can we know facts
but from what we hear ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. How else can I know that
the Government has been corrupted, except from
what I hear?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh! thathasnoth-
mg to do with the question. Did the gentleman
ever say that the Constitution was as worthless
as a rotten rag, which ought to be trampled under
foot?
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Or anything like
it?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Nor anything like it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I acknowl-
edge that I have done the gentleman wrong. I
am here to make no unjust aspersions. I am glad
to hear that the gentleman is sitting here under
our glorious flag, now floating over the Capitol,
and is prepared to stand by the Constitution in
its true and genuine spirit. I am glad of it from
my very soul; and if the gentleman will only con-
tinue to do that, there will be less of that distrac-
tion which now exists, and which has existed
h ere to fore.
What, then, is the question ? We propose to
issue these bills for $20,000,000 for the purpose
of raising money; and although the minimum
amount is too small, m my judgment; and although
I shall move, at the proper time, to increase the
minimum from $100 to $500, yet it is a loan ren-
dered necessary by the exigencies of the coun-
try, and only intended to relieve its distresses.
What brought these exigencies upon the coun-
try ? Not the executive branch of the Govern-
ment, certainly. It is the duty of that branch of
the Government to submit annual estimates of
those sums requisite for the support of the Gov-
ernment, and they are responsible for those es-
timates, and they are responsible no further.
When those estimates are overruled and disre-
garded, and appropriations are made exceeding
them, Congress takes the responsibility. And
even the estimates of the Departments are fre-
quently submitted upon a cail of those who make
these appropriations. Congress makes appro-
priations to commence works which arc abhor-
rent to the sense of the Executive, and they
become law by riding over the veto. They are
works of policy, and not of the Constitution.
Subsequent officials are bound, after the com-
mencement of such works, to submit estimates
for theircompletion; and these estimates made by
the executive branch are m no measure to be re-
garded as measures recommended by them, for it
is only carrying out existing laws—laws which
they have disapproved, or even vetoed, as was
the case in the instances referred to by rtiv col-
league, [Mr. Letcher.]
I have said nothing in reference to the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,}
and the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.]
I should like to do it, but it is unnecessary. My
colleague [Mr. Letcher] caught the wily gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell]—I say it in n©
spirit of disparagement; but he caught that gen-
tleman, yesterday, upon that very question, and
held him to it notwithstanding his writhings and
efforts.
I- have made these remarks in no spirit of un-
kindness. We want this money,and this bill is
framed in the best manner to raise it.
Mr. ADRAIN. I propose to say but a few
words upon the bill now under consideration.
This bill has given rise to a wide range of discus-
sion. Almost every question has been dragged
in—the bank, the tariff, the Pacific railroad, "Utah
with her Mormons, and almost every conceivable
subject, which I apprehend has very little to do
with the merits of the bill under consideration. I
have been accustomed to discuss points in legal
tribunals; and when I came here and discovered
the wide range of debate, it struck me that gen-
tlemen try to get as wide apart from the real ques-
tion before the House as possible, and that it was
not expected that gentlemen would speak to the
question, bu t rather upon any other question upon
which they can speak most easily and'most agree-
ably to themselves.
I shall not follow that range of debate, but con-
fine myself, if possible, to the merits of this bill.
It is a bill, sir, that is demanded by the exigen-
cies of the Government, and the President of the
United States intimates that it will be necessary
for Congress to provide the necessary means to
carry on the operations of the Government. The
Secretary of the Treasury, m his report, intimates
the same views; and, in fact, he recommends that
a bill should be passed for the issuingofTreasury
notes to the amount of $20,000,000; and in the
letter which he has sent to this House, he reiter-
ates the same thing, and says it is necessary that a
bill for that purpose should be passed, and passed
at once. And it is for this House to determine,
and to determine to-day, whether we will meet
the difficulties of the Government, or whether we
will permit the credit or efficiency of the Govern-
ment to be destroyed.
The first consideration is in regard to the neces-
sity of this measure. Can any gentleman deny
it? Can any gentleman, who looks into the real
facts of the case, dispute that such a bill as this
is necessary, either in the shape of a loan, or in
the issue of Treasury notes? I was very happy
to hear the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] who addressed the House yesterday,
admit that such a bill is necessary, and that he is
perfectly willing to vote for it, if it can be made
to concur with his views. There is no need,
therefore, in wasting time in this committee in
discussing the question whether there is a neces-
sity to pass this bill to supply the Government
with the necessary means of carrying on its op-
eration.
Now, sir, what are the objections to this bill?
It is objected that the sum is too large; that
$20,000,000 are unnecessary to be raised. The
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr 
Grow] moved to reduce the sum to $10,000,000.
Who is the better able to judge of the real neces-
sities of the Government, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania or the Secretary of the Treasury?
I am willing to defer to the judgment of the Sec-
retary rather than to any gentleman who occupies
a seat upon this floor. The Secretary asks us that
$20,000,000 of Treasury notes be issued, as the
exigencies of the Government require. It is pro-
posed to give authority to the Secretary to issue
them at once;, but he proposes, when that power
is given him, only to issue such an amount of
notes as may be absolutely needed. In his letter
he says it may be necessary that the whole
amount, $20,000,000, should be issued, but he
wishes sufficient placed in his hands, so that if
the exigency requires it, he may have the whole
amount for the purpose of carrying on the oper-
ations of the Government.
Another objection raised to the House bill was
that there was no time limited as to the issue of
these Treasury notes; and an amendment was
offered to the House bill by the gentleman from
