148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
December 22.
Massachusetts to limit the time. It was a proper 1
amendment; and although I have confidence in
the Secretary of the Treasury and the President,
-we ought not to confer upon any man unlimited
power, where it is not necessary; and it is not
necessary in this case, because, after January,
1859, if it is necessary to continue theissue, Con-
gress will be in session, and they can authorize
it to be done.
Again, it is objected to this bill that it would
be preferable to make a loan than to issue Treas-
ury notes. That was another suggestion thrown
out by the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from New Jer-
sey will allow me to correct him in the statement
which he makes. My amendment only proposes
that the President shall have authority to make
a loan, if he thinks proper, and just to the extent
that he thinks proper; and, at the same time, that
he shall have authority to issue Treasury notes
just to the extent that he shall think proper within
$20,000,000. It proposes to give the President
authority to do either, as did the bill of 1847.
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 understood the gentleman
perfectly, and I believe that I was stating just
precisely what he has now stated, that he pro-
poses to give authority to the President of the
United States to make a loan or to issue Treasury
notes, and I have no objection to that.
Mr. BANKS. That is all I ask.
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman misunderstood
me. I have no objection to leaving it optional
with the President, cither to make a loan or to
issue Treasury notes, and I am very glad that
the gentleman fiom Massachusetts has as much
confidence in the President as I have. It is a
very happy admission, and 1 trust, that as long
as he occupies a seat upon this floor—and 1 am
sorry that his service here will be shortly term-
inated—he will continue to repose the same con-
fidence in the President of the United States as
lie exhibits in relation to this bill.
But, Mr. Chairman, although it is proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts to leave it
discretionary with the President cither to make a
loan or to issue Treasury notes, yet 1 apprehend
that the President, although he speaks in his
message of a loan, intends that it shall lie in the
nature of Treasury notes; and as a bill to author-
ize the issue of such notes has been introduced
here by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, I presume it has been done with tiic
approbation oi the President.
Now, it is said that a loan would be preferred
to the issue of Treasury notes. Mr. Chairman,
is a loan necessary? Would it be wise for this
Government to go into the market and make a
loan for ten or twenty millions of dollars, when
perhaps it may not actually be needed? There
is no certainty that the issue of these Treasury
notes to the full amount will be needed. Is it not,
therefore, better, as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury suggests in his letter, that this bill should
pass as it is—a mere temporary measure to meet
a temporary deficiency in the Treasury?
Mr. GROW. The gentleman is mistaken in one
point, and 1 wish to correct him. The amend-
ment which I had read proposes that the loan
shall be made only as the exigencies of the Gov-
ernment require.
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 certainly do notsuppose that
the loan would be made unless it was necessary
to meet the wantsof* the Government. Nobody, of
course, proposes that. But 1 say it is wiserto have
these Treasury notes issued than for the Govern-
ment to go into the market and make a loan for
a certain number of years, when, perhaps, the
money loaned may not really be necessaiy to
carry on the operations of the Government. This
is a mere temporary measure, as I said before, to
meet a temporary deficiency in the national Treas-
ury.
But, Mr. Chairman, do not let us confound
ideas about what constitutes aloan. I apprehend
that these Treasury notes are a loan. They are,
in fact, as much a loan of money to the Gov-
ernment as if the Government were to borrow
from individuals, ten or twenty millions of dol-
lars, and issue stock for that amount. Suppose,
for instance, that the Government owes an indi-
vidual $1,000. It has nGtgold and silver on hand
to pay that$l,000,and,instead of gold andsilver,
gives to that individual Treasury notes to that
amount. Now, if that individual chooses to take
these Treasury notes, and leave that amount of
gold and silver with the Government, is it not
loaning so much to the Government? Is it not
really, and in fact, a bona fide loan, just as if the
Government actually borrowed $1,000 from the
individual? I cannot, therefore, see how gentle-
men can object to the issue of Treasury notes on
the ground'that it is not a loan.
But, sir, the chief objection that has been raised
by gentlemen upon the other side is, that if these
Treasury notes are allowed to issue they will add
to the paper currency of the country. It may be
that they will do so. Now, sir, I am in favor of
having as much gold and silver in the country as
possible. I desire that the banking institutions
of the country shall have a sufficient supply of
the precious metals, to prevent them from pro-
ducing these suspensions that are continually oc-
curring to the injury of the business of the coun-
try. Perhaps these notes will circulate as a me-
dium, and if there is a small interest attached to
them, I have no doubt they will circulate as a
medium of exchange. But why should gentlemen
object to that? It will be a relief to the business
community, and also to the banking institutions
| of the land. It, is proposed by the bill that these
I notes shall be received in payment of duties due
to the Government, and hence gold and silverwill
| not bo called for to pay the duties of the Govern-
i ment, but these Treasury notes will be received,
I and, therefore, it will benefit the business com-
! munity, and the banking institutions of the coun-
' UT-
Gentlemen upon the other side must not sup-
pose that the Democratic party is opposed to
banking institutions. It is not true. They are
only opposed to those institutions when they do
not confine themselves to the legitimate objects of
banking. One would suppose, from the speeches
which have been made upon this floor, that the
President of the United States had made a violent
and denunciatory attack upon the banking insti-
tutions of the country. Lias he done it ? Is there
a lino iu Ins message showing that he is unfavor-
able to those institutions? No, sir; but, on the
contrary, he expressly declares that they are so
interwoven with the business of the country,and
that business men are so dependent upon them
that it would be unwise and impolitic to do any-
thing to strike down these institutions. Itistrue,
sir, thai the President of the United States conies
out most emphatically against the establishment
of a United States Bank. We are opposed to such
an institution as that, and are opposed to it upon
goodandsubstantialgiounds. Such an institution
lias existed before in this country; it was put down
by that great and glorious man who then stood
at the helm of this Government—Andrew Jack-
son; and 1 am glad to see that the present Pres-
ident is following in the footsteps of thatgreatand
illustrious man, and that we shall not have that
noxious institution making the people and the
Government the slaves of its imperious will.
It has been said, Mr. Chairman, that, instead
of passing this bill, we should dimmish the ex-
penses of the country. I fully concur in the re-
marks which have been made by gentlemen upon
the other side of the House upon the subject of
retrenchment in the expenditures of the Govern-
ment. Let the greatest economy be exercised.
The President of the United States, in his mes-
sage, says that economy will be observed, so
far as he is concerned, in all the branches of the
Government; lie inculcates economy upon both
Houses of Congress, and he tells us he is determ-
ined that all publtc works shall be suspended
which are not absolutely necessary to be earned
on for the public interests and the public defense.
We find, Mr, Chairman, that a committee has
been appointed by this House, for the purpose of
inquiring into the printing, and engraving, and
other matters pertaining to the subject, for the
purpose of saving expense to the Government;
and I was very happy to learn this morning from
the gentleman who is chairman of the Committee
of Elections that that committee does not intend
to employ a clerk. 1 hope that other committees
which have been authorized to employ clerks will
not employ them, if they can possibly transact the
business themselves. I voted against the reso-
lution to authorize the employment of clerks. I
hardly think it necessary in all cases: it may be
in some; but wherever it can be dispensed with
it ought to be, for the purpose of saving money
to the Government.
Some allusion has been made, Mr. Chairman,
to the appropriations of the last Congress. I was
not here, and know very little about them, except
what I saw in the reports of the proceedings. I
care not who is to blame for the appropriations;
I care not whether the Democratic party, or the
Know-Nothing party, or the Republican party,
is to blame for it. It is wholly immaterial to the
question before the House. Suppose there has
been the greatest extravagance; suppose appro-
priations have been made that ought not to have
'been made, and for objects that were unwise and
uncalled for: is that any reason why we should not
supply theGovernmentwitii the necessary means
to carry on its operations ?
Mr. Chairman, I said when I rose that I only
intended to occupy the time of the committee with
a few remarks, and therefore I will bring them to
a close. But I cannot sit down without express-
ing my trust that gentlemen on this floor will not
raise captious objections to the passage of this
bill, but that they will come up magnanimously
and patriotically to its support. It may be that,
on some great political question, we may differ
and not yield; but on a question of finance, such
as is here presented before the House—a question
which is to save the credit of the Government—
will gentlemen stand out, and place themselves on
mere party ground ? Is it not better for them to
come up and support a bill of this character ?
I regretted very much to hear the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] who addressed the
committee yesterday, say that he would rather
his right arm should wither than vote fortius bill
to carry on the operations of the Government and
to sustain its credit. It was a remark which he
ought not to have made.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I beg leave to correct the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. I made no such
remark. I said that I would sooner my right
hand should wither, and my tongue cleave to the
roof of my mouth, than vote the Government
money to forcc an infamous despotism—the Le-
compton constitution—on the people of Kansas.
Mr. ADRAIN. That was the remark? That
wn^ worse than the other.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Very well; I stick to that.
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman says he would
not appropriate a single cent to force the Lecomp-
ton constitution on the people of Kansas. Why,
who proposes to do it? The gentleman has lost
sight of the object before the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The Administration pro-
poses it.
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman's remarks
might do very well on the stump, but they are
not of the right stamp for a house ©f legislation
| of this kind. There is no attempt, on the part
j of the Administration, to cram the Lecompton
constitution down the throats of the people of
Kansas. The vote on that subject was taken
yesterday, liow it has resulted I do not know.
1 hope that the election has passed oft fairly and
honestly, and that a fair opportunity has been
ven to the people theie to express their will.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will not occupy the time
of the House further. It is necessary that this bill
should be passed The Secretary of the Treasury
calls on us to pass it, and 1 trust there will be no
further delay in giving the necessary means to the
Government to sustain its credit and its character.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. 1 am in favor
of this bill, Mr. Chairman, because I recognize in
it the first step toward the return to a system
which, as long as it existed, was adequate to all
parts of the nation. It is the first step to the re-
turn to that policy with which the Government
commenced—the policy of providing by the Fed-
eral Government a national currency.
For one, however widely I may differ with
others, T avow it frankly that I am in favor of a
national bank, with proper restrictions and proper
guards, such as General Jackson said might have
been framed. I rejoice to see that the present
Administration recognizes its duty to supply a
national currency; for notwithstanding the fact
that the Treasury notes proposed to be issued are
not to be of a lower denomination than $100, yet
so far they will supply a national currency. We
have now a full sense of the mischiefs entailed on
the country, according to the President's message,
by the currency issued by fourteen hundred local
