196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
that the honorable Senator could,hardly make
himself be heard.]
Mr. STUART. I am aware of the very great
difficulty ofj)reservingorder;but still I think that,
by a suggestion from the Chair, gentlemen in the
galleries and about the lobbies would do it. They
can do it if they will. The honorable Senator
from Illinois speaks with difficulty, at any rate,
and I hope there will be sufficient order preserved
that he may be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has ob-
served a good deal of disorder about the central
door of the main gallery. It is quite obvious that
there are as many persons there as can stand
now, and therefoie it would be well for gentle-
men not to press in. They are lespectfuily re-
quested to preserve order and decorum.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If further evidence was ne-
cessary to show that the Lecompton constitution
is not the will of the people of Kansas, you find it
in the action of the Legislature of that Territory.
On the first Monday in October an election took
place for members of the Territorial Legislature.
It was a severe struggle between the two great
parties m the Territory. On a fair test, and at
the fairest election, as is conceded on all bands,
ever held in the Territory, a Legislature was
elected. That Legislature came together and re-
monstrated, by an overwhelming majority, against
this constitution, as not being the act and deed of
that people, and not embodying their will. Ask
the late Governor of the Territory, and he will
tell you that it is a mockery to call this the act
and deed of the people. Aslc the Secretary of the
Territory, ex-Governor Stanton, and he will tell
you the same thing.- I will hazard the prediction,
that if you ask Governor Denver to-day, he will
tell you, if he answers at all, that it is a mockery,
nay, a crime, to attempt to enforce this constitu-
tion as an embodiment of the will of that people.
Ask, then, your official high Government agents
in the Territory; ask the Legislature elected by
the people at the last election; consult the poll-
books on a fair election held in pursuance of law;
consult private citizens from there; consult what-
ever sources of information you please, and you
get the same answer—that this constitution does
not embody the public will, Is not the act and deed
of the people, does not represent their wishes;
and hence 1 deny your right, your authority, to
make it their organic law. If the Lecompton con-
stitution ever becomes the organic law of the State
of Kansas, it will bo the act of Congress that
makes it so, and not the act or will of thejicople
of Kansas.
But we are told that it is a matter of but small
moment whether the constitution embodies the
public will or not, because it can be modified and
changed by the people of Kansas at any time as
soon as they are admitted into the Union. Sir, it
matters not whether it can be changod or cannot
be changed, so far as the principle involved is con-
cerned. It matters not whether this constitution
is to be the permanent fundamental law of Kan-
sas, or is to last only a day, or a month, or a year;
because, if it is not their act and deed you have
110 right to force it upon them for a single day.
If you have the power to force it upon this peo-
ple for one day, you may do it for a year, for ten
years, or permanently. The principle involved is
the same. It is as much a violation of fundamental
principle, a violation of popular sovereignty, a
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
to force a State constitution on an unwilling peo-
ple for a day, as it is for a year or for a longer
time. When you set the example of violating the
fundamental principles of free government, even
for ashort period, you have made a precedent that
will enable unscrupulous men in futuie times,
"under high partisan excitement, to subvert all the
other great principles upon which our institutions
rest.
But, sir, is it true that this constitution may be
changed immediately by the people of Kansas ?
The President of the United States tells us that
the people can make and unmake constitutions at
pleasure; that the people have no right to tie their
own hands and prohibit a change of the constitu-
tion until 18G4, or any other period; that the right
of change always exists, and that the change may
be made by the people at any time, in their own
way, at pleasure, by the consent of the Legisla-
ture. I do not agree that the people cannot tie
their own hands. . I hold that a constitution is a
social compact between all the people of the State
that adopts it; between each man in the State, and
every otherman; bindingupon them all; and they
have a right to say it shall only be changed at a
particular time and in a particular manner, and
then only after such and such periods of deliber-
ation. Not only have they aright to do this, but
it is wise that the fundamental law should have
some stability, some permanency, and not be
liable to fluctuation and change by every ebulli-
tion of passion.
This constitution provides that, after the year
18G4, it may be changed by the Legislature, by
a two-thirds vote of each House, submitting to
the people the question whether they will hold a
convention for the purpose of amending the con-
stitution. 1 hold that, when a constitution pro-
vides one time of change, by every rule of inter-
pretation it excludes all other times; and, when
it prescribes one mode of change, it excludes all
other modes. I hold that it is the fair intendment
and interpretation of this constitution that it is
not to be changed until after the year 1864; and
then only in the manner prescribed in the instru-
ment. If it were true that this constitution was
the act and deed of the people of Kansas—if it
weie true that it embodied their will—I hold that
such a provision against change for a sufficient
length of time to enable the people to test its prac-
tical workings would be a wise provision, and
not liable to objection. That people are not ca-
pable of self-government who cannot make a con-
stitution under which they are willing to live for
a penod of six years without change. I do not
object that this constitution cannot be changed
until after 18G4, provided you show me that it be
the act and deed of the people, and embodies their
will now. If it be not their act and deed, you
have no right to fix it upon them for a day—not
for an hour—not for ail instant; for it is a viola-
tion of the great principle of free government to
force it upon tlicm.
The President of the United States tells us that
he sees no objection to inserting a clause in the
act of admission (ieclaratary of the right of the
E;ople of Kansas, with the consent of the first
egislature, to change tlfls constitution notwith-
standing the provision which it contains, that it
shall not be changed until after the year 1864.
Where docs Congress get power to intervene and
change a provision in the constitution of a State ?
If this constitution declares, as I insist it does,
that it shall not be changed until after 1864, what
right has Congress to intervene, to alter, orannul
that provision prohibiting alteration ? If you can
annul one provision, you may another, and an-
other, and another, until you have destroyed the
entire instrument. I deny your right to annul; I
deny your right to change, or even to construe
the meaning of a single clause of this constitution.
If it be the act and deed of the people of Kansas,
and becomes their fundamental law, it is sacred;
you have no right to touch it, no right to construe
it, no right to determine its meaning; it is theirs,
not yours. You must take it as it is or reject it
as a whole; but put not your sacrilegious hands
upon the instrument if it be their act and deed.
Whenever this Government undertakes to con-
strue State constitutions and to recognize the right
of the people of a State to act in a different man-
ner from that provided in theirconstitution; when-
ever it undertakes to give a meaning to a clause
of a State constitution, which that State has not
given; whenever the Government undertakes to
do that, and its right is acknowledged,farewell to
State rights, farewell to State sovereignty; your
States become mere provinces, dependencies, with
no more indepondenceand no more rights than the
counties of the different States. This doctrine,
that Congress may intervene, and annul, con-
strue, or change a clause in a State constitution,
subverts the fundamental principles upon which
our complex system of government rests.
Upon this point, the Committee on Territories,
in the majority report, find themselves constrained
to dissentfrom the doctrine of the President. They
see no necessity; and, if I understand the report,
no legal authority on the part of Congress to in-
tervene and construe this or any other provision
of the Constitution; but the distinguished gentle-
man who makes the report from the Committee
on Territories has, in his own estimation, obvi-
ated all objection by finding a clause in the con-
stitution of Kansas which hethinkg remedies the
whole evil. It is in the bill of rights, and is in
these words:
"All political power is inherent in the people, and all free
governments are founded on their authority, and instituted
for their benefit; and therefore, they have at all times an
inalienable and indefeasible right to alter, reform, or abolish
their form ofgovernmentin such manner as they may thmk
proper."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will pause for a moment. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will go up and close the center door of
the ladies'gallery; shut it, and keep it shut,so as
to admit no more persons there.
Mr, DOUGLAS. There appears to be some
difficulty at the southern door of the eastern gal-
lery, and I hope the Chair will direct that to be
closed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
sentan officer to thatdoorto close it, and preserve
quiet there. The Senator from Illinois will pro-
ceed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Missouri,
who makes the report of the majority of the com-
mittee, is under the impression that this clause in
the bill of rights overrides and changes the pro-
vision in the Lecompton constitution which de-
clares that there shall be no change until after
18f>4, and then only by a two-thirds vote of the
Legislature. How does he make that override
the prohibition ? By taking the clause in the bill
of rights, which is intended only to assert abstract
rights that may be exercised by the people when
driven to the last resort, to wit: to revolution.
1 That is an abstract principle, intended to assert the
right in the people of Kansas to change their form
of government, under the same law, the same au-
thority that our ancestors resisted British power,
and overthrew the British authority upon this
continent. It was under that principle that our
fathers threw the tea into Boston harbor. It was
under that principle that our fathers burnt up the
stamps, and sent the stamp agents out of the
country. It was under that principle that our
fathers resorted to arms to maintain the right to
change their form of government from a monar-
chy to a Republic—change by revolution because
they had arrived at the point where resistance was
a less evil than submission. That the people have
a right to appeal to the God of arms to over-
throw the power that oppresses them, and change
their form of government whenever their oppres-
sions are intolerable, and resistance is a less evil
than submission, is a great truth that no Repub-
lican, no Democrat, no citizen of a free country,
should ever question. But, sir, that clause was
never intended to furnish the lawful mode by
which this constitution could be changed, for the
reason that the same instrument points out a dif-
ferent mode than the one therein asserted; and
when a specific mode is prescribed, and time is
to elapse before that mode can be resorted to, that
excludes the idea that it can be done in any other
mode, or at a prior time.
But, sir, this article from the bill of rights
proves entirely too much. The President says
you may put into this bill a clause recognizing the
lU'Jit of the people of Kansas to change their con-
stitution by the consent of the first Legislature.
What does the bill of rights say ? That it is the
inalienable and indefeasible right ofthe people, at
all times, to alter, abolish, or reform their form of
government in such manner as they may think
proper, not in such manneras the Legislature shall
prescribe, not at such time as the legislative au-
thority, or the existing government may provide,
but in such manner as the people think proper in
town meeting, in convention, through the Legis-
lature, in popular assemblages, at the point of the
bayonet, in any manner the people themselves may
determine. That is the right and the nature of the
right authorized by this bill of rights. It is the
revolutionary remedy, not the lawful mode. There
are two modes of changing the constitution of a
State; one lawful, the other revolutionary. The
lawful mode is the one prescribed in the instru-
ment. The revolutionary mode is one in violation
of the instrument, The revolutionary mode may
be peaceful, or may be forcible; that depends on
whether there is resistance. If a people are unan-
