1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
depths He untold wealth and strength and knowl-
edge and purity and glory; political wrongs and
lies and barbarities will drop therein like rain, and
disappear; it winds through all channels of society;
it pervades the North; it will penetrate the South;
it will dispel all false lights; and it will shame
and rout and confound that other principle, and all
its hosts, which has so long controlled the action
of this Government, and with which we are now
contending on this floor. The most sagacious
statesmen of the South have long seen this com-
ing result. When Mr. Calhoun, a few years be-
fore his death, advanced the doctrine that an equi-
librium between the northern and southern States
should be maintained, he discerned the prepon-
derating, though then in many respects latent,
power of the North, and thought to check it by
an abstraction; but he overlooked the fact that
the North derived its strength, not from any con-
stitution or statute, but by her men working in
conformity with a law higher than all constitu-
tions or statutes. Other statesmen think this
growth can be balanced and checked by adding
to the Union new Territories near the tropics; but
they do not realize that infinite nature cooperates
with the North; that her subtile forces transcend
any lines of latitude and longitude; and that there
is more wealth and national power in the little
Merrimac river than in the Territory of Arizona.
Others endeavor to -.contend more directly, hand
to hand, with this power; but the example of
Kansas shows how futile has been this, and ever
will be any such attempt. That country has now
concentrated in it a larger share of the best spirit
of the North than any other equal portion of the
West: and, instead of being conquered, has been
made the vigorous, tried, and intelligent advanced
guard of the best northern ideas. Others, and
perhaps all, have endeavored to resist this power
by controlling it through the Federal Government;
but the result they have now reached demonstrates
how feeble and powerless 13 legislation against
just ideas—official influence against a living prin-
ciple.
Sir, the result of this contest has never been
doubtful to men who looked beneath the surface
and considered the principle from which the energy
and growth and wealth of the giant North eonics.
It h.is been obvious that, for a long time, the na-
tional power has been kept from the North, not
by the proper stiength of those who kept it, but
by political stratagem and management. The con-
trol of this country cannot permanently be held
by such means; bat when, at length, force and
fraud aie piacticed to such a degiee as to make
all former party meanness and trickery seem le-
gitimate and respectable, the consummation, the
fidn de se, has been reached The special message
of the President has inaugurated a new era. Al-
ictuly do we feel, while he and Ins paity are still
in office, that the scepter has been taken from
them.
The success or defeat of this measure can have
little bearing now on the doom of this national
Demoeiaey. The fact is apparent that the paity
wh'tb lepies'mts the sentiment of the Noith is
about to hike possession of the Government; and
wiiat parry or c!as«. North or South, has not 1ea-
so'i Jo ie\nrd this event with satisfaction ?
What t-hould be the feeling of the masses of the
Democratic paity at tho North towauls it? tlave
tiny not reason to rejoice at the emancipation
which awaits them? There is no despotism like
thai of party. The constitution and temperament
of most men incline them to yield to it, though
they may at heart repudiate it. In no country
has there ever been a thraldom more tenaf 10ns
and binding than the disciplineof this Democratic
pai ty. Its subjects or victims, from year to year,
have been compelled to sacrifice their personal
independence and freedom of political thought.
Many yielded their assent to national legislation
which their judgment assured them was preju-
dicirl, not only to the interests of the country,
but to their own private interests. Others—and
th( y number by thousands—have been forced by
this master to reject and degrade the very corner-
stone of their faith, and to sacrifice their highest
moral convictions as to their duty m the guardian-
ship of the Territories. They saw the whole in-
fluence of the party and of the Government, the
Constitution, the judiciary, and the Army, per-
verted and abused in repeated attacks on the tia-
ditions and conscience of the free States, and on
their own proclaimed and cherished principles;
and yet they still sat mute, abject, and helpless,
under this party control. An exodus escaped
from it when the Missouri compromise was re-
pealed. The shock of the act startled many into
a consciousness of their true position, of their
recreancy to themselves and humanity, in longer
adhering to a party which made the approval of
such a deed a test of political faith. Still, there
were enough left in the party to return fifty mem-
bers to this Hall from the free States; and to
bring this remnant to a like consciousness, a still
stronger and more cffcctive remedy was needed.
That remedy has been administered. They are
now required to approve of, and make themselves
parties to, directly or indirectly, all the crime and
turpitude of these Kansas transactions. They
are specially required to approve of this message
of the President, a document which cannot be
characterized by language fit to be used in this
Hall. This is a lower deep to which not even
party discipline could carry the masses of its most
conservative adherents. At last their manhood
has aroused itself, and they, too, have thrown
off these fetters.
I say, then, is there any portion of the Demo-
cratic party at the North who can regret that this
domination is at an end? As they look back at
the hard and barren path which they have been
drilled and marched through with bleeding feet,
will they not rejoice to find themselves out of it ?
and will not even the most undying adherents of
party, who would cling to it as long as it had any
life, lejoice to be relieved, by its death, from a
fidelity which must be so odious? I say, then,
that the Democracy of the North are ready for the
advent to power of the party representing the ideas
of the North.
I would like now, sir, to consider what will
be the sentiment and action of the South at this
change ? Will our countrymen of the South dis-
solve the Union when they find the Government
m the absolute control of the most advanced
northern thought?
While the .southern people, for the most part,
I believe, have given up the notion that what they
call abolitionism extends to the interference with
slavery m the slave States, they charge that we arc
Abolitionists, because we object to their carrying
their slave property, and the laws which regulate
it, into the Territories. The Territories, they say,
are their property as well as ours; but that if we
prevent their carrying their slaves thither, we
liecfssanly exclude them from their share of the
estate; for the effect of this exclusion, as they con-
tend, will be to concentrate and hem in their re-
dundant and increasing slave population within
the limits of the present slave States till that pi op-
erty becomes valueless and unmanageable. They
admit that though slave labor, as they say, pro-
duces quick and large profits, it exhausts the soil,
and hence requn es an indefinitely laige area to ex-
pand upon and exhaust. Therefore, they claim
the right to take possession of these Territories
fortius purpose. Whether or not this pretension
is ajustone has been the issue before the country,
and as it has bien decided against them, what
will they do in the advent to power of a paity to
catry out this decision ?
The party of the free States contend, on this
point, that this admission of' the slave owners is
conclusive against them, for they can have no right
to injure and exhaust the sod which we hold in
common with them. We do not exhaust it; we
dig into it and fertilize it; we ransack science
and art to fructify it; we publish newspapers and
books, and institute societies, to illustrate the best
mannerofirnpiovmg it, and therefore can never ad-
mit that it is the privilege of our tenant in common
to wa^te it. l( Then," say our coowners, ''divide
it; give us our share to use after our own fashion,
and you take yours." We answer, " the division
was once made: you took your part and have it
still, and now claim ours. Henceforth, nil this
property, acquired, as you say, with our common
blood and treasure, shall be held in common, and
neither party shall use it to its detriment, it shall
be used as the lands of all civilized nations are
used. No rude, barbarous, blighting tread shall
crush the pi ocesses of industry and science, \v Inch
alone can develop the wealth hidden 111 its depths.
Its wastes and wildernesses shall be made the
homes of happy men, the homes of southern men
as well as northern: and it shall not he converted
into an empire of negroes, from which the indus-
trious sons of the South, as well as the N<>nh,
will be alike excluded." Though firm in this
determination, the North is not indifferent to the
problem as to what shall be done with slavery in
the slave States if excluded from the Territories;
they are far from being indifferent over the appre-
hensions of the South on this grave question.
The condition of the "South no man can regard
without deep solicitude. No nation was ever to
a more painful strait. Every pulsation of slavery
is against the law of production, and where i'
exists it will waste and dry up every source aed
spring of prosperity. It can only flourish by < x
pansion; but expansion over fertile and IvnHtnu'
virgin lands, in like manner to curse and bbohr
them, is an alternative which the voice and aim
of the North and of the nation will never permit.
As an offset to this evil of slavery with them,
southern gentlemen on this floor have adverted to.
and quoted statistics to show, the huge masses of
poverty, degradation, and want in the northern
cities. The existence of the frightful facr we
admit to its fullest extent. It is, as our southern
friends charge, a cancer on the fair face of the
North. It, like slavery, weighs heavily 011 our
national life; and both seem beyond removal by
this generation. What may be their ultimate fare,
who can determine? For myself 1 would say that
my faith is, that science is now a child; and when
its power shall grow, these and like evils will h<
resolved by its resistless analysis. But as 10 tin
course now to be adopted, of one thing only we
are positive: if we cannot remove them, we can
and should prevent-their extension. Slavery and
poverty both come from the same sluice—1 b<
fruitful source of all evil; they comc from per-
verted and vicious ideas of the value of human
labor; and their removal can never be effected
while those ideas are fostered, fought for, and de-
fended as eternal truth. In reference to ibis mat-
ter of slavery in the slave States, a suggestion has
been made on this floor wluc h is worthy of scien-
tific and careful scrutiny. There are tropic d and
equatorial lands on this continent suited to n> gn?
labor; and in the developments of the future, it may
be that this redundant negro population will flow
in that direction, and leave our southern brethien
free from that incubus, and at liberty to join us .1;
the North in a right career.
But, sir, the South accept none of these views.
They deny and villify them, and threaten that a
party which avows or tolerates them shall
control this country. The answer to these tin eai.s
is a brief one. When the party of the North ceasi s
to act in obedience to the great principle which
underlies the civilization of the North, it will find
no support there; but while it does so a< t 11 will
commend itself to the candid, thoughtful, con-
trolling men of the South. Wo do not el,.im thac
this party will be, or is, spotless. We do not pre-
tend that there are not, and will not be in it, sordid,
selfish, sectional, narrow-minded men; and that
men of that character will never hold office under
it of trust and dignity. We know too well that,
in the North as well as the South, every straiun
of society is crowded with men of low aims and
instincts. But I say here, and in saying it I utter
a truth that finds its home in the breasts of thou-
sands of noble men, that the one grand aim of tin
Republican party—I will not say of the Republi-
can party, I will discard all party m stating tee
fact—the one aim of the intelligence, thought, re-
finement, spirit, and genuine true life of the Not in
which now finds its best expression through the
Republican party, is to bringthis whole nation—
the South us well as the North, the slave States as
well as the free, Kansas and Ivj ississippi, Ueoi gia
and New Yoik—under thedominion, not of auv
party called by any name, new or old, or origin
ated m any latitude, North or South, hut uod<  
the dominion of just ideas and eternal pi maples
under thedominion of that incessant pi e^an <•*,
which, brooding over the concerns of men, has
already lifted this nation to a new plane of' na-
tional iife, and will carry it, and every part of it,
I yet higher, in spite of all ignorance, obloquy, and
' prejudice in the southern States. This now dom
mailt party, I assert, has no sectional ends in
view; us sole purpose is to give full scope and
i developments the power of human mdustiy, and
| through that, as the only possible instrumeiiudjtv
j to add to the strength and well-being ofeverv cma-
! munity. Its devotion is not to the interests ot a
