2258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
lowing estimate therefor be submitted by yon to Congress,
to wit:
For preparing the saloon of the old portion of the Patent
Office building, for the reception of models for patents,"and
for fitting up, repairing, and furnishing the same with suit-
able cases, $40,000.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. Howell Cobb, Secretary oj the Treasuty.
United States Patent Office.
Pcbinary 16, 1858.
Sift: I have the honor to submit, for your consideration,
the inclosed communication from Mr. Edward Clark, archi-
tect and superintendent of the Patent Office buildi ng. Should
his suggestions in regard to the new cases, &e., which will
be required, meet your approbation, I hope it will be alloc-
able to you to place the matter in such a position before Con-
giess as will secure the requisite appioprlation.
I ain. very respecifuUv, >our obedient servant,
J. IIOLT,
Commissioner of Patents.
lion* Jacob Thompson, Secretary oj the Interior.
Patent Of?ick Brn.nixo,
January 25, 18.">8.
Sir : At your request I have examined the cases now in
the saloon of the old portion of the Patent Office Building,
and find them defective and unfit for the reception of mod-
vis.
The present caf es are so high That another tier cannot be
placed above them, as there i*> no head-room to pass under
the architraves.
By making new cases of less height than those now m
the room, and putting a gallery arid an additional tier above,
.ion will have nearly twice the room foi model* that you
now have.
I would, therefore, most respectfully suggest that new
eases be made similar to tho*e in the wing*, and Unit the
walls and ceding of the saloon be repaired and painted.
To carry out tins object an appropriation of $40,000 will
be required.
Vcrv respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD CLARK,
Superintendent Patent Office Building,
IIoi.t, Esq., Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. BURNETT. What law is there author-
izing this appropriation ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The law requiring
the Patent Office to be built. The law requiring it
to be fitted up and furnished. I will state that the
saloon in the center building has been occupied j
with curiosities, but they have recently been re- j
moved into the Smithsonian Institution, and this j
appropriation is now necessary to fit up the saloon j
for the reception of models. There are twenty laws j
upon the subject of thePatenH)ifice,anyof which !
would authorize this appropriation. i
Mr, BURNETT. 1 he gentleman says'this is !
authorized under the appropriations for the ex- !
tension of the Patent Office building, and under
tho law which authorized the building of the Pat-
ent Office. Now, sir, that portion of the building
for which this $<10,0(H) is asked, has been finished
for years. This is a separate and independent ap- !
propriation of money Tor the purpose of putting ;
cases in the hall of the PatentOfJie.e that has been i
made vacant by the removal of the museum to the
Smithsonian Institution. I take issue with the j
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and tell him there is no lav/ authorizing the ap-
propriation. I ask the gentleman to show me upon
the statute-book any statute which authorizes an
appropriation of $40,000 by Congress for the pur-
pose of putting cases into the central hall of the
Patent Office.
Mr. J. GLANCY TONES. In reply to the gen-
tleman I will say, that there is not a single law
upon the statute-book authorizing the furnishing
of any building, either an executive building, the
Presidents House, or this Capitol. The furnish-
ing proceeds upon the principle that it is an inci-
dent to the erection of the buildings themselves.
Mr. BCJRNETT. This is notfor furnishing
the Patent Office.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It is.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman what
evidence he has that it is necessary that we should
expend $40,000 for the purpose of putting cases
into that hall ? Where are the models to nuiinto
them? The building is now full of cases, and
those cases are not now fully oocupicd. Now, 1
ask the committee if they will go on and appro-
priate $40,000 to put additional cases info a room
which has been mode vacant by removing the
museum to the Smithsonian Institution ? I think
it should not pass.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I want to
<-<?• r an additional section to the bill.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move that the committee
liseand report the bill, with the amendments, to
the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in or-
der.
The question was being put on the amendment
of Mr. J. Glancy Jones, when
Mr. BLAIR said: I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
" Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the com-
mittee rise. I do not want to be kept here all night
upon this bill.
Mr* HUGHES. The motions are not in or-
der, as the committee were dividing on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. J. Glancy Jones; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I have an amendment which I
desire to submit. It does not require an appro-
priation of money; but it is to correct some mis-
takes in an appropriation of money by the last
Congress.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Pkc\ . Jfnd be it fnrfhor enacted, That the balance of
the appropuation of $2,£0i), for fl.iggmg foot way, m the
congie^ional btilying giomid, troiri the en?ranee ot the same
to the Government vault," l>> act .improved 3d March, 1857,,
may he applied in extending the flagging the whole length
of the avenue, a* ongmallv intended, and that the appropri-
ation of $l,f 0l> "for the construction ofihe wooden bridge,
with a double track, acro^ the canal, m the line of the main
avenue," may be applied to the erection of a foot-bridge in
lieu thereof, as recommended by the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Budding:*.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I now offer
the amendment which i before offered, in relation
to the decoration of the Capitol, and which was
struck out under a misunderstanding.
The amendment was road.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
Inasmuch as everything connected with the ex-
tension of the Capitol has been stricken out, this
amendment is not geimane to anything in the
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the question of order is well taken.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The question being, c< Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee.'"
it was put; and decided in the affirmative.
So the opinion of the Chair was sustained,and
the amendment was ruled out.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
committee rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Smith, of Tennessee, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to oider, had
the state of the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly House bill (No. 200) mak-
mg appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1850, and had instructed him to report the same
back to the House, with various amendments,
with a recommendation that they do pass.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. ( move the pre-
vious question upon the adoption of the amend-
ments.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me, before he calls the pre-
vious question, to offer an amendment which was
.agreed to by the committee unanimously, but was
voted out afterwards by mistake.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I W no objection
to allow that amendment to be offered, if I do not
lose the floor thereby.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasuie of the
House, the proposition will be received.
There wns no objection, and the amendment
wo5 entertained,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move the previ-
ous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by winch the mam question was ordered;
and also moved to lay the sauuon to reconsider on
the tab'e.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on maiiofi of Mr. BARK.SDALE,
the House (at six o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 20, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Samuel Rogers.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HAMMOND presented the credentials of
Hon. Arthur P. Hayne, appointed a Senator by
the Governor of the State of South Carolina, to
fill, until the next meeting of the Legislature, the
vacancy occasioned by the death of Hon. Josiah
J. Evans; which were read; and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Hayne, he took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS AJVD MEMORIALS.
Mr. IVERSON presented a memorial of the
State of Georgia, praying that the money ex-
pended by that State m the payment of troops
for the protection of the frontiers of that State,
from hostile incursions by the Indians, between
the years 1793and 1818, may be refunded; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
Mr. POLK presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of St. Louis, Missouri, pray-
ing that the remainder of the lands granted to
Iowa, for the improvement of the Des Moines
river, may be applied to the Keokuk? Fort Des
Moines, and Minnesota Railroad; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a memorial of the
executive board of the American Indian Aid As-
sociation, in the city of New York, praying that
such laws may be passed as wiil protect and im-
prove the Indian tribes in the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs;
and a motion by him to print it was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
He also presented a memorial of the American
Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions,
praying to be leleased from the condition of tho
fourth article of the Cherokee treaty, made at N,ew
Eehota, December 29, 1835; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of P. J.
Hickey, praying for the payment of a sum of
money due him under an agreement between him
and the United States, and indemnity for losses
occasioned by a breach of that agreement on the
part of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMMOND presented the petition of
Clark Mills, praying for an amendment of the act
of Congress of January 25, 1853, authorizing the
erection of an equestrian statue of Washington;
which was referred to the,Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 230) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Daniel Hay, deceased, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 330) grant-
ing a pension to Joseph Vance, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted an adverse repoit;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Eliphalet Lyman,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; which was agreed to,
Mr. STUART,from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. It. No.
3i8) recognizing the assignment of laud wairnnt
No. 35,956, issued to John Davis, as valid, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 375) to create two
additional land districts in the Territory of Wash-
ington, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CLAY, fi om the Committee on Commerce,
to whom were referied a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota praying that an appropriation
may be made for the improvement of the St. Croix
river: a memorial of the Legislature of Minnesota
praying that an appropriation may be made for
the removal of the Beef Slough bar, in the Mis-
sissippi river; a memorial of the Legislature of
Minnesota, praying that an appropriation may be
