1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1235
section, but to a principle—a principle on which i
all that is valuable in the world rests. j
Why should the men of the South resist this j
sway ? They have tried the operation of the. op- |
posito principle; and are they satisfied with the i
experiment? Has it carried them to the heights j
of this century ? Has it given them riches equal
to the North? Has it invited population among
them ? Has it driven penury and ignorance from j
the masses of their people through their broad
country ? Has it dotted their land with schools
and colleges' Has it given them a literature? Has
it infused among them an enlightened, catholic
perception of the best thought of the present day ?
I do not wish to underrate the gains of the South.
I am not unmindful that that great country, in
many parts, exhibits wealth and growth, and
that in every part it is adorned by men of high
aims and culture; that the virtues and graces of
hospitality, charity, and good will, abound; and
that patriotism and a generous enthusiasm find
there a natural soil. The men of the'South, in
blood, lineage, and'endowment, like the men of
the North, are foremost in the files of time; they,
\vith us, are the inheritors of the ages; and, of
course, under any circumstances, however ad-
verse, must collect around them much that is val-
uable. and elevating. But the most superficial ob-
servation shows, and statistics prove, that, though
they have as fertile a soil, a more genial climate,
and are under the same political institutions, yet,
in their progress and prosperity, they halt far be--
hind their sister States. They have had the con-
trol of the Government, and have used it for their
own benefit; but the trouble- in their midst has
proved beyond all remedy or relief from that quar-
ter, as administered by them. The .North, gov-
erned in its most essential economy by a principle
discarded at the South, presents a boundless pros-
perity, ever young and vigorous; while the South,
under the other control, presents the picture I have
hinted at, and which it is painful to dwell upon.
These two systems have been tested. The South
have ever existed under the one; and will they
now refuse to receive any influence and aid from i
the other? Is the fruit of the tree under which !
they live that of the tree of life 5 _ !
Here on this point, and in reference to this mat-
ter directly before us, let me ask how they relish 1
this Kansas-Lecompton policy of the Administra-
tion, the. necessary legitimate product of that tree ?
How do they lilje being compelled to keep silent '
at that violation of good faith committed ill their ;
name by the repeal of the Missouri compromise ? !
How do they fancy being made the allies of that
horde of ruffians who elected the Kansas Legis-
lature in luj5? How do they feel at being obliged
to take John Calhoun to their bosom, anil to keep
sileiitover tin. fi.iuds, villainies, and outrages com- !
nutted hi Ivan^as, m furtherance of what is sup- ^
posed to be their interests ; They see ill all their ;
deformity and ludeousiiess the fads on which ;
rmr opposition to this Lecompton constitution is ,
founded, and must regard the policy under which j
that instrument is enforced as disgraceful to them-.
selves and the age under which they live. The men
of the South claim to be men of honor; thathonor ^
is their star; that their skies are not brighter and 1
purer than is the escutcheon of their sons. We,
too, admit that honor is not a tradition among
them, but a living, vital essence; it marks their
popular life at homo and accompanies their Repre-
sentatives to this Hall; and therefore, I ask, are
tiieynot restive under this necessity of upholding
these Kansas transactions; the offspring of brut-
ish, vulgar men, marked by meanness, lying,
treachery, and blood, as well as by the violation
of lav/ and the rules to which civilized men con-
form? Do the men of the South willingly uphold
these villainies ? Do they voluntarily uuite them-
selves with such foul allies? Do they wish to
advance what they conceive to be their interest
in the Republic by the sacrifice of all law and
principle and precedent, and by the aid of force
and fraud and crime? I ask, are the people of the
southern States, their gentlemen, their men of
honor, willing to stand 111 the presence of the sun
as the aiders and abettors of these deeds? Are
they satisfied to be recorded in history as seeking
to promote even what they may regard their rights
by means so slianietulI cannot believe that the
li"ht of honor—the neculiar glory of the South—
hps become so faded and dim in our southern
hoi-k.on. 1 believe it would be a hllel to say that
the people of the South, in their own home con- |]
vietions, do not repudiate these deeds, and revolt !!
at being dragged through such foul waters. !j
Mr. Chairman, what is the meaning, then, of |
the fact that we have no expression from the peo- j
pie of the southern States denouncing all this j
business done m their name ? Why is it that these i
things are either defended, as the President defend-
ed them, and as they are defended on this floor, and :
in the southern press, or else an ominous sih nee
is observed ? Why do we wait ill vain for a loud,
indignant, trumpet-tongued disclaimer of all parti-
cipation in this unclean thing ? I will do them the
justice to say that I believe they abhor it, but that
they are forced by this, their evil genius, this (
principle and law under which they live, into this |
startling submission and acquiescence; and, I ask,
can they see no reason to be reconciled to the ne-
cessity which is now upon them, of trying some
other policy of government and life than one
which produces such results? While I do not
claim for the North any special exemption from
the vices of meanness and illiberality, or from any
other vices, greater or smaller; and while I may
admit that in their personal dealings and inter-
course with each other and the rest of mankind,
they are marked by no higher and more scrupu-
lous sense of honor than their southern fellow-
citizens; yet 1 assert that this Kansas policy never
for one hour would have been tolerated by north-
ern men if attempted in their name, and by an
Administration controlled by their influence and
for their interest. They would not touch with
gloved hands, they would abhor as sacriligious,
accursed, and ill-gotten, any acquisition by such
disreputable measures. The southern constituen-
cies would not be obliged to send Representatives
to this House, chosen with the sole intent to pre-
vent such a policy. They would not now be
watching the proceedings of Congress from day to
day with painful apprehension lestgiosser wrong
may disgracc the nation. The sentiment of the
North would itself rebuke the outrage, and put
it to shame, and take care that no stain from it I
should be left on the garments of the people. Such [
instrumentality to aid northern progress would i
be regarded as destructive to its own end, and no !
party which adopted and approved it could sur- j
vive one election. _ ]
The contrast here presented is a fact which is j
well worth the study of our southern friends; and
it is commended to their consideration in view of j
the other fact, that the Government henceforth is |
to controlled by the ideas of the North. If this
^assertion which I make be a fact, ib) they not rec- i
ognizo in it a true thing, and fel that the spnit i
which calls it out is that whii.li will and should
pos.iess the Government5
Sir, there is no contest by the North with the
South, though the southern people persist in as-
suming that there is one. The contest which the
North is waging, and will cariy oil from genera-
tion to generation, is with the obstacles which
delay human advancement, and in this fight they
desire to meet the South as allies, and not as foes.
It the institution of slavery is one of those ob-
stacles—and however gentlemen may argue here
and elsewhere, the experience of the southern
Slates proves that it is a mighty one—they arc
ready to aid, as far as possible, ill obviating the
evil it engenders. They believe in tile nicxh iiist-
ible power of science, and that when its calculus
is brought to bear on this matter of slavery, a
way in which the southern States may rid them-
selves of it will be discerned. But iney engage
in no Cluixotic enterprise, and believe the south-
ern people will have to study and solve the prob-
Jem for themselves. But while this is true, the
Noith have more than a mere negative opposition
to slavery. Like every other impediment to tne
oroaress of man, it is hateful to the North. Ke-
eardino- it as the offspring of a principle deadly
hostile°to their own highest life, they will drive
if, and every influence arising from it, from then-
borders. When the southern people claim the
ri<>-ht to introduce it in the Territories, it is con-
sidered by the North that they are not asking any -
thin0* valuable and beneficial for themselves; but
are claiming the right to obstruct the expansion
not of the North and nortneru interests, but of
those principles which contain the oest and h onest
hopes of the South as well as the North Vuao
not claim the right to exclude slavery from tne
Territories to increase northern political power;
but to hasten the civilization of the continent, and
the redemption of rasn from, the thraldom and
barbarities that have hitherto beset him.
Our southern friends may be unable to see, or
may refuse to see, the earnestness and integrity
of these connections and purposes; but whether
appreciated or not, and though they may be mis-
represented and maligned, they cannot be shaken;
and we shall continue to>%ht the battle, for the
South and the North, and Kir humanity, in resist-
ing the introduction of slavery into the Territo-
ries. Hero we take our stand. No interference
with slavery in the slave States, except that which
science and sympathy wUl necessarily create; no
influence from slavery in the free States; and no
print of a slave's foot on the soil of the Territo-
ries.
Are all these principles so odious to the south-
ern people that they will not try their operation?
or will they try them, and submit, submit not to
the North, but to the truth and eternal law?
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, in
rising to address the committee on the all-exciting
and engrossing subject, the admission of Kansas
into the Union under the Lecompton constitution,
I do not flatter myself that I can say anything
new or that will interest the members of this
House; but I owe it to my constituents and to
the people of my State, that my views should be
known and declared on this question. Sir, I
earnestly protest against the issue which is at-
tempted to be made in this House upon the Kan-
sas question—that it is a question of slaveiy and
anti-slavery. So far as I am concerned, and so
far as the Democratic party of Illinois is con-
cerned, the question of slavery has nothing to do
in the admission of Kansas into the Union. We
are as ready to take Kansas into the Union icitk
as without "slavery. The only question with us
is, " Does the Lecompton constitution express the
views and wishes of the majority of the bonafide
settlers of Kansas ?" Thai, is the only fact we
want to know. That was the question upon
which the late presidential contest turned—the
right of the people to form a constitution for them-
selves, unawed and unmolested. While I believe,
with the President, it to be the true policy to lay
down a rule that no new State shall be admitted
into the Union unless its constitution has been
submitted to a vote of the people, and approved
by a majority of the actual settlers thereof; still,
in this case, satisfy me that the Lecompton con-
! stitution embodies the wishes of a majority of
! the Actual residents of Kansas, and I will vote for
I1 admission to-morrow; but until I am convinced
ij of ihat, 1 cannot and will not vote for the admis-
, sioe.
j. The Lecompton constitution is evidently obnox-
ious, not only to the people of Kansas, but to a large
,1 majority of the people of the whole country. To
'! show this, I shall quote from some of the promi-
nent public journals North and South, aniUVom the
: opinions publicly expressed by many of the dis-
|j tinguished Democratic statesmen, who have long
i; stood prominent in the ranks of the party, and
'■ whose* eminent public services have gamed for
■ I them the admiration and confidence of the people
;j throughout the. Union. When i find opinions
!i expressed by distinguished Democrats agreeing
u with rnyown, I prefer indorsing them toexpress-
1 in«' my own.
' I quote from Mr. Bancroft's eloquent letter to
'j the people of the city of New York, in reJntion to
the admission of Kansas into the Union under the
Lucon.pton constitution- Ho says:
The policy of enfoicmg the L.-oompion confutation on
:• an iiiiwiMniij jwoplo i-4 lioithoi ww. noi expedient. noi pos-
'! bible. IVino'pi" is ?!h' Hue divnierV \v uul, by uhsen the
!! President of a fiee poople sway- i!w million-, and n-ciue*
! mujonin* tor Ins meai<> _ Thenrideetpt
11 principles fos tenip.ni/isns* c\p"dnM«ey <ti\v:urs lo-es the
' [ re ■'pc t of majorities m (Jonui* and nut of it. Tin; ship
ij of Siate ^ wntci-'o-^ed; thimv tin- fraudulent l,ecomptmi
!j contution oveiboaid ; let principle tuSve the helm, and the
i: h-'irk will spnn<? forv/aid on its way us in the best yeais.
'! ot out Republic. Ouls is the cau-e ot peace, of ordei, ot
|l true Demofuacv, of union, fiu'dom. Ail good omens are
• ' with us, Foi our part, we are icsolved to walk m the een*
!' tial nau o! humanity, shunning sectionalism arid Sanat-
1 icuWi on the one Mile, and subt-ervicncv to dictation on tno
i1 othen. Tine Democracy insonbeson its banner the rt£bW
I i of til-" Btates and the sovereignty of the people; it upnoicte
n ta-edom totho individual m the State,freedom to the fc>tat<?
i m lii-i Union, and the indefeasible right or t.ie iaajo«ty,
"i whethei m a State or m a Territory, calmly, deliberately,
I and undisturbed, to fonri and aecept, or reject, a ccmi&uw
;i non toi themselves."
'■ Mr. Bancroft is too well known as a statesman
