1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
140
banks. I rejoice, then, to see that the Administra-
tion, adopting at least one principle of the Whig
platform, when it was in existence, comes to the
rescue of the country, and, overruling these four-
teen hundred banks of issue, with all their con-
flicting currency, gives us, for the time that these
Treasu ry n otes will be i n existence, a national cur- j
rency. For, sir, disguise it as you may, one of
the great arguments in favor of this hill is that
these Treasury notes will constitute a convenient
form of remittance, and will supply a medium of
exchange that can be furnished from no other
source whatsoever.
I rejoicc, then, that the policy of the founders
of the Republic is recognized as a rightful one;
and that we are returning, step by step, to the
wisdom and the sound virtues of the past.
But, Mr. Chairman, while the Secretary of the
Treasury directs this application to us to supply
the deficiency in the Treasury, the President of
the United States ascribes all the financial evils
of the country to bank expansion and to bank
credits. Sir, I take issue with the President on
that point. The evils under which the country
now labors are to be ascribed to the policy of the
Democratic party, inaugurated with the adminis-
tration of General Jackson, and resolutely per-
sistedand persevered in to the present day. Over-
banking ! When did it take its rise? When the
Bank of the United States fell there were little
more than five hundred banking institutions in
the United States; now there are fourteen hun-
dred. When it fell, the banking capital of the
country was little more than eighty million dol-
lars; now the circulation of the banks is over two
hundred milliondollars. While the Bank of the
United States existed there was a national cur-
rcncy, equally good abroad and at home; now
we have a currency that is of no particular value
beyond the point, where it is issued, and the value
of which is constantly fluctuating.
Beyond that, it is the system of low tariff that
is advocated by the Democratic party. Take up
the statistical tables of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and you will find that, concomitant with
the- establishment of low tariff, are bank expan-
sions. Why, sir, it is well known that the foreign
importers of the country, to a great extent, live
on bank capital. You offer stimulants for specu-
lation which is taken advantage of by importers
for the purpose of obtaining funds with which to
import foreign goods. The banks, eager to share
in the profits of trade, lend their capital to the
importers and speculators.
But, sir, 1 call the House to some facts show-
ing the workings of the different tariffs adopted
by the Government. In the first three years,
under the tariff of 1816, the imports of the country
rose to #368,000,000, asum greater by $120,000,000
than during the three following years. The im-
ports were greater than under the high protective
tariff of 1824-25. The consequences ot the over-
trading superinduced by that tariff weie, first ex-
pansion, and then contraction, which continued
until the adoption of the protective tariff of 1824,
when the circulation of the banks again fell. And,
sir, the circulation of the banks again rose under
the low tariff enacted under the compromise of
1832, when the importations rose §120,000,000,
and the average bank circulation to §149,000,000.
Again, after the enactment of the tariff of 1846,
we find that the imports for the three yeais follow-
ing, from 1846 to 1849, reached $127,000,000, and
the bank circulation $113,000,000: going on up,
until, in 1856, the imports reached $270,000,000,
and the bank circulation $195,000,000.
I say, Mr. Chairman, that figures prove that
as you encourage importation by low tariffs you
will necessarily encouinge bank expansion. Now,
sir, we seethe Government stimulating an expan-
sion of currency, extending credit to an enormous
extent, stimulating an overtrading and specula-
ting mania in every department of business, and
especially in the public lands, by exposing valu-
able lands for sale at a mere nominal price, and by
disposing of valuable tracts of land at private
sale for almost nothing—what is the consequence
of such a course of policy ? The consequence is
to keep the country continually at a fever heat,
to bring on excessive importations, bank expan-
sions, and speculations in the public lands. Then,
sir, by your warehouse system, you now have
bonded in your warehouses goods to the value of
$40,000,000, which may be poured upon the coun-
try at any moment, overwhelming the rising man-
ufacturers of the country, when they are once
again upon their feet.
[Here the hammer fell, the time fixecl by the
House for closing debate having arrived.]
The CHAIRMAN stated that the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means was, un-
der the rules of the House, entitled to one hour
to close the debate upon the bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Secretary of
the Treasury has made a report to this Congress,
at the opening of the session, upon the state of
the finances of the country; in which, he tells us
that, in consequence of the peculiar condition of
the country, and in consequence of the extreme
difficulty in estimating the exports and the im-
ports of the country, and the revenue which will
be likely to come into the Treasury for the cur-
rent fiscal year, it may become necessary for the
Government to resort to a loan—not to issue
Treasury notes for the purpose ofa currency, not
to facilitate the exchanges of the country, cer-
tainly not to furnish a circulating medium. He
did not even assert that the money asked for
would be wanted; but he asked that Congress
should furnish him with the power to negotiate
a loan, and nothing^more or less than a loan. I
bear upon this point particularly, because the dis-
cussion upon this question has taken a ve^y wide
range. While I tTo not intend to occupy the time
of the committee for more than fifteen or twenty
minutes, I certainly do not intend to follow the
range of that discussion.
My colleague over the way, [Mr. Grow,]
challenges'the consistency of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and talks about the Democratic party,
which he says now are calling upon Congress
to furnish them with a paper currency. The
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] dweltsomewhatatlength upon the point,
and centers his mam objections to the bill upon
the ground that it is a currency bill. He told the
House that he was in favor of a loan: that he was
in favor ofa hard-money currency, and he could
not possibly vote for this bill, because it was to
furnish a paper circulating medium
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me to correct him, my objec-
tion to the bill was that there was no precedent
for it in the form in which it is now presented in
this House; and, therefore, J desired that author-
ity should be given to issue a loan, instead of
issuing Treasury notes. I also objected that,
whether the geYitlenrm fiom Pennsylvania and
the friends of this bill intended it or no, these
Treasury not^s would become a paper currency.
Mr. .1. GLANCY JONES. I so understood
the gentleman. I ask him whether the opinion
he has expressed is not founded upon the single
fact, not that this act contemplates making these
notes a currency, but that the credit of the Gov-
ernment at this particular time, and in the condi-
tion of things m the country, may convert it into
currency? I might say to" the gentleman from
Massachusetts that his own negotiable note might
be convertible into curiency. Will the gentleman
say of an individual negotiable note drawn at
twelve months, with interest, that because the
credit of the drawer is so great tin* country will
use it as currency, and that that constitutes it a
currency ?
Why, what is thisTieasury note bill? I con-
fine myself to points of objection. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts will search in vain all
the books to find a single instance in which a ne-
gotiable note id declared to be currency. He will
find that promises to pay upon paper, especially
if interest be added at the end of one year, though
good and assignable, are nowhere regarded as
currency, either in books of law or political econ-
omy.
1 do not wish to pay any attention to the dis-
cursive range of political discussion which has
taken place upon this bill. The subject of the
tariff has been brought into this discussion. What
has that to do with the business before the House?
An Administration, which was inaugurated but
a few months ago, finds itself without money in
the Treasury. It wants no money for its own
use. It does not come to Congress and ask it to
appropriate money to pay its expenses. But
your Congress passed a series of jaws which the
President is bound, under his oath of office, to
execute. These acts require a very large expend-
iture of money, and then a revulsion comes over
the country before he is four months in office.
The revenue falls off in an extraordinary degree.
In addition to that, just before the adjournment
of the last Congress, you reduced the duties by
your tariff act of March 3d, 1857. So you had
the effect of the tariff in reducing the revenue one
quarter of what it was under the act of 1846*,and
in addition to that, you had the entire prostra-
tion of the commerce of the country. Now, not-
withstanding all this, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury tells you in his report that he believes that
the revenue will come up by the close of the year
ending the 3d of June, 1859. He estimates that
at the end of the year there will be a balance of
$429,000 in the Treasury, provided the imports
are not suspended and the goods not warehoused.
But, in addition to this, another startling fact
exhibits itself. Twenty-eight million dollars of
imports arein the warehouses of New York alone,
under bond. How long that state of things will
continue, no mortal man can tell. And the gen-
tleman over the way, who was yesterday cap-
tious enough to find fault with the Secretary of
the Treasury, will find that the Secretary himself
has submitted the basis of all his estimates. Who
could have foretold the presentstateof things one
month before the bank suspension occurred?
What man in the country could then have formed
any idea of the state of things now existing? The
Secretary states the basis upon which he makes
his estimates. He informs the country that ac-
cording to the ordinal y imports of the last few
years, we may calculate upon an importation of
$370,000,000 of goods in the next fiscal year. But
he says that m oonsequcnce of the warehousing
of goods, and that in consequence of the tariff
act of March, 1857, reducing the duties at least
twenty-five percent, there is a possibility of what ?
Not that the imports of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June,3857, will not be sufficient to pay the
expenses of the Government, but that there may
be such a suspension duiing that time that the
Treasury may be found without funds; and that
is the particular reason, Mr. Chairman, why this
loan is asked for in this form. It may not be used
at all. Certainly no gentleman here supposes that
the President or Secretary will issue one dollar of
these Treasury notes, unless there is a necessity
for it.
I find upon all sides of the House different
opinions in regard to its relation to the currency,
judging from the effect it will produce, and not
fi om the character of the bill upon its face. I find
that some gentlemen object to the bill because the
notes are to draw interest. Gentlemen upon this
floor take the ground that the Tieasnry notes will
not be currency. So I think. On the other hand,
gentlemen who object to these noKs drawing in-
terest, say that they will be hoarded, and not
become a currency. So objections are raised to
them on one side because they will be currency,
and upon the other side because they will not be
currency. The interest upon their face, destroy-
ing their convertibility, is a formidable objection
to some men. •
The peculiarity of the bill, referred to by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
consists in the simple fact that the Treasury De-
partment is anxious to get this money at the
lowest possible rate of interest; and 1 am surprised
that gentlemen should suffer themselves to fall
into the delusive idea that this bill creates a cur-
rency, when, upon its very face, it is declared tft
be a loan.
J am anxious to bring the committee to a vote
at the earliest possible moment. Hence, while it
would be a very easy matter for me to occupy the
time of the committee for an hour in the discus-
sion of the subject of Treasury notes, and their
relation to the business of the country, I prefer to
confine myself to the practical question before the
House. We want the money. We do not want
to furnish currency. We want money at the
cheapest possible rate it can be had for^the Gov-
ernment "We do not propose to issue Ireasury
notes as a circulating medium. We want to
bonow gold and silver, and the currency of the
countryisto be confined to gold and silver, ex-
cept where the creditor may prefer to have Treas-
ury notes instead of gold and silver. The bill
proposes to borrow gold and silver; to convert
those evidences of debt into hard coin, but not to
circulate as a medium of currency.
