150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to a point in this investigation which
has not been presented, and which I think has a
direct and important bearing upon the very point
upon which he is now speaking. I understand
that a portion of the stocks of the Government
now outstanding is what are called coupon bonds,
and that the coupons for the half-yearly interest
may be detached by the holders of the bonds, and
used in the payment of debts or in circulation,
without any limitation or restriction whatever.
And again, sir, under the existing law—and it
is to be found in the Independent Treasury law
itself—the Government of the United States have
power to use at any point where there is a de-
mand for it their transfer drafts—such drafts as
are paid out every day by the Sergeant-at-Arms
of this House to the members, which transfer
drafts pass from hand to hand, like promissory
notes or Treasury notes.
Now, sir, I desire to call the gentleman's atten-
tion to this point, in order to show that, under the
existing law, and in the very body of the Inde-
pendent Treasury act itself, is to be found a prin-
ciple by which we sanction, to a much greater ex-
tent, the circulation of paper as a currency, than
isproposedin the bill now under discussion. These
coupons maybe detached from the bond, held by
the party in whose name the bond is issued, and
pass from him withoutassignment, and they may
be kept out to the end of the Government, if it shall
ever have the misfortune to terminate. These
transfer drafts, furnished by the Government, and
which are paid to us by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
when we draw money,and desire to remit it, are of
the same character, and much more likely to enter
into the circulation of the country than Treasury
notes bearing interest; because a Treasury note,
bearing interest, is necessarily clogged in its trans-
fer, and prevented from entering into the ordinary
channels of circulation, for the reason that a cal-
culation ot' interest is necessary at each and every
transfer of it.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I think one farming out of the Hour at a time is
sufficient. I object to anybody speaking except
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Glancv
Jones] during his hour.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Indiana
proposes to ask me a question.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is making one speech during the hour al-
lotted to thegentleman from Pennsylvania, and I
ouject to another being made inside of that.
Mr. HUGHES. I merely desired to ask the
gentleman from Alabama his opinion in reference
to the point made by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] as to the want of constitutional
power on the part of the Senate to originate this
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. My reply to the gentleman's
question is, that m the contemplation of the Con-
stitution, a revenue bill means a bill to lay taxes
in some of the modes recognized by the Consti-
tution upon the people, by which money is raised.
It does not mean a loan in any shape. A loan
not being a tax, in the sense of the Constitution,
but only the use by the Government of its credit
by which it anticipates the receipt of its revenue
raised under proper revenue laws 
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is, that the gentleman from
Alabama is not entitled to the .floor to answer any
question while it is in the possession of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. Glancy
Jones.]
Mr. HOUSTON. The question was propound-
ed to me without objection, and I supposed I had
a right to reply to it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The question of order is not
debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I went on to show that the
objection urged by the gentleman from Ohio is
not valid, in my judgment.
Mr. SEWARD. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I did not propose
to go into the discussion of the objection referred
to by the gentleman from Alabama, because it
has been debated at great length in this House,
and also, during the last Congress, in the Senate.
The question was decided some twenty years ago
in this House. I had supposed that it was settled,
almost by the unanimous consent of the members
•of both Houses, that the right to originate rev-
enue bills, from which the Senate is excluded, is
confined to bills for taxation; and the reason for
it is very obvious. The right of taxation is the
highest power the people can confer upon the
Legislature; it comes home to every man; and
the Constitution intended to impose a restriction
upon the other branch of the legislative depart-
ment of the Government, and to give to the pop-
ular branch alone the power to originate meas-
ures imposing taxes upon the people.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. STANTON. I insist on the point of or-
der. The gentleman from Alabama made it him-
self 011 the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Ritoiiie] half an hour ago.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to ask a question,
and a very short one, and I suppose I have aright
to do so.
Mr. STANTON. I object, if it is notstrictly
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor to the gentleman
from Alabama?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will yield to al-
low the gentleman to ask me a question. I be-
lieve I have a right to do so.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
another question; whether the Treasury note law
of 1837 did not originate m the Senate,-drawn up
by Mr. Silas Wright, who was then a Senator
from the State of New York?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
has answered his own question, and it is nut ne-
cessary that I should reply to it. 1 believe the
facts are as the gentleman has stated; but I under-
stand the question to be settled, that, except bills
to tax the people, appropriation bills, or bills of
this kind, may originate in either House.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I believe that I have
passed over pretty nearly all the objections that
iiave been raised,so far as I can understand them;
but I hope, if any gentleman present has any ob-
jections to the bill, as it stands now, that lie will
put any question to me whilst I am now upon the
door. 1 bhall only reiterate that the Tirasury
Department want this loan in thisshapeand form,
m order that they may be able to obtain the money
at tile lowest rate of interest; aful that, in the
second place, the loan is limited to one year, with
power, after advertising for sixty days, to stop
the interest, so that, they maybe able at any time,
by stopping the interest, to bring them back to the
Treasury for redemption.
Thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
made a point as to the peculiarity of this bill. 1
am giving the reason why the bill was drawn up
in that form. It was for the purpose of enabling
the Government, with an exhausted Treasury, to
obtain gold and silver at the hi west rate of interest,
that the limitation of one year was fixed so as to
prevent the debt being funded into a permanent
debt, and so as to allow these notes to be recalled
into the Treasuiy at the earliest possible time.
Gentlemen object that these notes may become
currency. Anything may be converted intocur-
lency. A piece of bullion, with a stamp of value
placcd on it, may pass for currency. The nego-
tiable note of any gentleman in the House, whose
credit is good, payable at the end of one year with
interest, may be used for currency.
Gentlemen also object to what they suppose
will be the effects of this bill. I hope they will
not holdusresponsible foreftects which they may
anticipate. But let them take our own reasons,
and our own views, and let the Government have
relief in this shape in order that it may obtain
money at the lowest possible rate of into est, and
may be able to withdraw its notes in the shortest
period of time.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I would ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if
there ever has been an instance in which this Gov-
ernment has resorted to an issuance of Treasury
notes, that before it was enabled to command or
control the redemption of the notes, it did not
have to resoit to a funding act? I would ask him
if when, in 1812,1813,1814, Treasury notes were
issued, we were not under the necessity of pass-
ing, in 1815, an act by which their holders were
authorized to convert them into Government
stock? And again, in 1837, 1838, 1839, 1840,
1841, 1842, did not the notes remain in circulation
till the act of 1843 was passed, authorizing the
holders to present them to the Treasury and ex-
change them for Government stocks? Again, in
1847, when $23,000,000 were authorized to be is-
sued, did not the act itself embrace the funding
clause, by which the Government was enabled to
recover them again from general circulation ? And
again 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I yielded the floor
to the honorable gentleman that he might ask me
a question, but not to propound a long string of
propositions. I had just closed my remarks; but
I am willing to answer any one proposition of the
gentleman, or as many of them as I can think of.
The gentleman asks me if the Government was
not under the necessity, in all former acts for the
issue of Treasury notes, to resort to the system
of funding? Well, that may be so. It is in the
former Treasury note bill; but I am not aware
of its having been put there for that purpose.
Nearly all the cases to which the gentleman re-
fers occurred in times of war. Though the ex-
igency might be a very sudden one, and money
might be wanted badly, yet no one could tell
whether it might or might not be necessary to
Convert the temporary loan into a permanent
debt. In every instance where the funding pro-
vision was inserted in the bill, it was because
Congress could not tell whether that which was
said to be temporaly might not necessarily be-
come, in a very short period of time, a permanent
debt.
Now, the peculiarity of this bill arises from the
fact of our living in peculiar times. We are not
asking for a war loan. It is not intended to be a
permanent loan. The Secretary of the Treasury
is authorized to issue §6,000,000 in notes, and, in
addition, to make a loan of $14,000,000. We may
not want to use it at all; and if we do, we maybe
able, at the end of the year, to redeem every dol-
lar issued. These are times of peace; but they
aie times of financial revulsion, and no man can
foresee what is to happen. The reason, there-
fore, why this bill is made peculiar, or is contra-
distinguished from other Treasury note bills, is
that, so far as the Government is concerned, we
want to avoid the appealance of making it a per-
manent debt, in funding it at all.
Now, if it shall be necessary to issue these
notes, and if they cannot he recalled, then it will
be time for the Government to resort to a funding
system. I cannot, I confess, foresee the contin-
gencies that may arise. It may possibly be that
this temporary'loan shall become a permanent
one. It may possibly be that we will have to
resort to the funding system for the purpose of
bringing in these loans. But I say that the bill
has been drawn under circumstances that are very
peculiar, and to meet the exigencies of the case;
and while it lays itself open to objections of vari-
ous kinds, on all sides of the House, it is the
least exceptionable form in which this Govern-
ment can avail itself of a loan to meet the exigen-
cies of the Treasury that may arise, to furnish to
the Government gold and silver at the lowest pos-
sible cost, and to place within the hands of the
Government the power to redeem them at the ear-
liest possible period of time. With these remarks,
Mr. Chairman, I close.
Mr. GPiOW. I propose to modify my motion.
I move to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and insert 
The CHAIRMAN. The bill must be first con-
sidered by sections. Amendments are now in
order to the first section of the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the first
section of the bill by striking out the words
" Treasury notes," and i'nserting the words
" Government stocks," so that it will read—
TJiat tlie President of the United States is hereby author-
ized to Government stocks for such sum or sums aa
the cxi^pucies of the public service may require, but not
to exceed, at any time, the amount of $20,000,000, and of
denominations not less than $100 for any such note, to be
prepared, signed, and issued m the manner hereinafter pro-
vided.
If Ihad been so fortunate, Mr. Chairman, as to
have obtained the floor before the debate closed,
I had intended to have made some reply to the
gentleman from the Norfolk district of Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] The floor, however, was not
