2260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mr. KING. If there is any report in the case,
I ask that it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no report;
.but there js a statement from the Treasury De-
partment.
Mr. KING. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Treasury dfipart.me.nt,
Fourth Aodii'or"& Oki-ice, March 3, 1858.
Sir: On the 13th of February, 1855,ajointreeolution was
passed by Congress. directuTgthnt Lieutenant C. Catter,
of the Navy, should be allowed, in the settlementol his ac-
counts, sucti expenses as wcreineu' icd by him, wis tie acnrig
ii^ purser on board the United States hhip ? la-^achtHc>tts,
undergoing repans at San Fianeisco, piovided the amount
should not exceed $l,FS9 05. Accoidmglv, on the settle-
ment of his accounts, he was allowed by the accounting
officeis such expenses as were pioved to have been inclined
by l.i'11 while the Massachusetts was undeiyoinj| repaid at
San Fianciseo, which,however,amounted oniv lo
Mr. Carter contended that he should have been allowed the
w hole sum winch the resolution provided should nor he ex-
ceeded, although fvome of the expenses weie contracted
while the M-is^.u-hu^etts was not uudeigoing iepai^,and he
appealed from the decisions of the accounting o'heois to the
head of the Depaitmeitt. This appeal hn-s nevei been de
cided, and while it is pending, I can, of course, take no tur-
thei action m the matter without >oui express pei minion.
The bonoiable Mr Gwin who wo* chairman ol the com-
iniitec that icpoited the joint resolution in the Senate,
has leeent!} alined nie, that although the uuenuon of the
committee may not have been accuiaiely expie-^ed in the
resolution, it \v.i< e<;i tainly designed that Mr. Cuitei should
b'i allowed the who'" amount of the vouchers that weie
presented to ibein, winch amount was ^l,8dD 05. While I
have not the lea* t misgivim? as to the coriectness of the eon-
stuiction placed by the accounting officer*. upon the ie-o- 1
lution agreeably to wliat weie considered e.-tablohed pun i
cu>l".« o( legal inteipreratton, and although f know that, it is
nor legttnn ur in ascertaining liie meaning of a law to he in j
llu.'need bv fne statement of one or in hantets to what 1
•u e- intended. } ct in this v <w, to • a\ e r. f.it t**i the time i
and liouble. which would lie lequned to obtain ;l ■supple-
mental ordor-iaiatoiy I iw. winch would ptobably he gunned 1
it applied io , I have concluded to recoiwdei the ea^e and ■
allow ium tne amounts limitod bv the loolution, n* \ou
slioiiid see fit to pei nut him to \s uhdiaw his appeal and pie-
M'ut the subject anew to tin- office. |
Very respeetfullv, youi obedient servant,
A. O DWTOW S
Hon. Howei.i, Cobb, Secretary of the rI\eaHuy.
.Mr. GW1N. I will state thai the original res- :
olution,as it came from tin, H nuse of Represent- j
atives, did not limit the amount to the vouchers :
before tlit? committee; but wo amended it so that j
the allowance should not exceed that sum; and !
it covered the very vouchers that were there. We :
did not so wo id tt that it should be eniiiely for i
repairs. There were some other expenses that he
incurred that covered the whole amount. It has
been so construed as to cover only expenses in-
curred while the repairs were going on. In the
hurry of altering it in Ihe Committee on Naval ■
Allans, a woid was left out wiue.li was intended '
to he inserted.
The joint resolution was reported to the .Sen- ,
ate without amendment, ordered lo be engrossed ,
fora third reading, read the third time, and passed.
DELIVERY OF LETTERS. |
Mr. KING. I ask that the resolution which ■
I offered yesterday, and laid over with the con- 1
currenee of the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, be now taken up,
and passed. 1 presume there will be no objection
\v hatever to n,
There being no objection, the Senate pi oca eded
to consider the following r< solution, submitu d
by Mr. ICiN'f., yesterday:
llnclrd, That th" Committee on the Pott Office r\nd
Pn-t Koa^K be ins. t ucted to iihjuu e u hothet the po i olliee
laws authorize a po^um-ler to relume to deliver let lei.- to a
pesoe. million-/,"d to receive them by the pei«.on to whom
the lelUM.i ate addn wd. and whether any legislation w '-e-
qiuied on thn Miajeet, and to repoit by bill or oihorwi-e.
Mr. BIGLER. I would suggesttothe Senator
fiom New York (hat the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads have had that subject under
confide ration.
Mr. KING. The chairman of the committee,
I believe, has no objection to the lesoluiiou, and
1 hope it wiil be passed.
.Mr. BiGL£R. Very well.
The resolution was adopted.
ANTHONY CASLO.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move that Senate bill
No. 255 be now taken up. It will not occupy
thiee minnies of the time of the Senate. It is a
biil for the relief of Amnony Casio, n soldier of
the war of 1812.
Mr. SLID8LL. I hope the Senate will carry
out the understanding; of yesterday, and proceed
with the Private Calendar in regular order. A
rule was adopted for that purpose. I presume I
shall have no objection to this hill; but it occupies
more time to be taking up bills in this way, out
of their order. It can probably be soon reached
in its regular order on the Calendar.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope this bill will be
taken up, with the understanding that we shall
then go on regularly.
The motfbn of Mr. Chandler was agreed to;
and the bill (S. No. 255) for the relief of Anthony
Casio, a soldier in the war of 1812, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It provides for the allowance to Anthony Casio,
otherwise known as Anthony Castle, an invalid
pensioner, an amount equal to $2 68 per month,
from May 25, 181G, to May 25, 1851, the date at
which his name was entered on the roll of invalid
pensioners.
Mr. PUGH. Is that a bill to grant a pension
from 1816 down ? I should like to hear the reason
for it. Is there a repoil?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Secretary to road the
report.
The Secretary rend the report made by Mr
Jones on the 13th of April, fiom which it appeared
that Anthony Casio, or Castle, is a native of
France, and for several years was a soldier m the
French army; he wos taken prisoner in Spain
during the Peninsular war, and carried into Eng-
; land, where he was induced to enlist in a regiment
! bound foi Canada, with the hope of finally get-
; tmg into the Uuiled States. In February, 28j 4, he
' left the Ornish service, and joined the American
militia, but was soon retaken, and tried for deser-
| tion, and condemned to be shot, which sentence
was finally commuted to whipping. As soon as
< he was able, he again deserted, and enlisted in
; the Army of the United States, and was attached
' to the twenty-sixtl) regiment of infantry, and was
soon promoted to a sergeantcy. In the sortie at
■ Fort Erie, on the 17th September, 1814, he was
badly wounded by a musket ball in the left side,
■ and was discharged on the 17th day of June, 1815,
: as being unfit to perform the duties of a soldier by
reason of such wound.
i The petitioner applied fora pension in 1816,
| but a pension was denied him; and in several snc-
, cessive applications he was still denied, on the
ground, as was alleged, that his name did notap-
pearupon the rolls. Tins was subsequently found
. to be an error of the Third Auditor of the Treas-
; nry-
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SL1 DELL. I am obliged to say that I am
cntiiely happy to find that my objection to the
! consideration of this bill has not prevailed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
• amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
; reading, read the thud time, and passed.
| SHERLOCK AND SHIRLEY.
| Mr. BRIGHT. A bill for the relief of Sher-
, lock & Shirley was laid on the table on my mo-
tion the other day. If it would come up in its
order, I should not call it up now, but it will not
be reached on the Calendar, as it is on the table.
I suppose there will be no objection to taking it
up. 1 understand that the Senator from Flonda,
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office I
and Post Roads, has an amendment to offer that j
covers the point in dispute, if it is debated, I will 1
give way; but I am quite sure there wiii be no ,
debate. U
Mr. POLK. The difficulty is, that there are a
great many bills on the Calendar that are entitled
to be heaid, and have as much claim on the con-
sideration of the Senate as that one.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will say to the Senator from
Missouri, that this bill is on the table, and would
not be reached m order. If it leads to debate, I
will not insist on it.
Mr. YULEE. I will state to the Senate, that
I have prepared an amendment, which wiil prob-
ably be satisfactory.
The motion of Mr. Bright was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the biil (S. No. 27d;
for the relief of Sherlock & Shirley; the pending
question being on the amendment offered by Mr.
Benjamin.
Mr. YULEE. The amendment of the Senator
from Louisiana, I presume, will be withdrawn. I
have prepared an amendment, which I have ex-
hibited to that Senator and to the Senator from
iMissouri, who befoie objected to the bill, which
is satisfactory to them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing to withdraw
my amendment, another one having been pre-
pared covering the object.
Mr. YULEE. My amendment covers the
whole point contended for, and is in harmony with
the views of the committee and the practice they
have adopted in similar cases, it is to add at the
end of the bill:
Provided, That the teevammation heieiuabove author-
ised *-hall be confined to cases of fines which havenot been
heietoloic reexamined and finally decided by the former
1'oM.upmci Geneial upon the application ol the contractors
tor lemission. *
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that bill will lie over. It
must consume the day if it is taken up.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. Jt is up. Does the
, Senator from Mississippi move to postpone it?
i Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone it until to-
| morrow.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Missis-
sippi will not press that motion. I understand
that this is simply a case which was not decided
at the expiration of the term ofthe late Postmaster
General. Why not have it decided now ? It is
all ripe for a decision; the officers can promptly
examine and promptly decide it. Time and again
it has been delayed on the ground of receiving
proposals for new mail routes, or rather new ser-
vice on mail routes; and these parties have been
delayed and put off, first by the neglect of the De-
partment, and now by the new Postmaster Gen-
eral referred to Congress, and when they come
to Congress they are to be delayed again. It does
not open up anything at all, but just continues
the appellate court; for that is what practically
it is.
Mr. DAVIS. I see nothing of merit in this case
at all. It is quite apparent, from the statement
; made by the Senator from Ohio, and frequently
! by others on the same side, that if the case has
j not been decided, as they say, there is no diffi-
culty in the present Postmaster General taking it
up and decjdmg it.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator understood what
was stated by the chairman of the committee, and
what was stated here at the last Congress, when
we passed one or two amendments to the Post
Office appropriation bill, he would remember that
the Postmaster General, without some suggestion
I from Congress, will not examine any case that is
j left untouched or undecided by his predecessors.
| Whether ho can or cannot do it, he does not
, do it.
! Mr, DAVIS. The Senatorfrom Ohio certainly
| mistakes the position of the present Postmaster
General. He is a man of enlarged views and very*
obliging temper, and he never could have taken
the position that he would not decide anything
his predecessor hftd not decided, but only that he
would not reverse the decision his predecessor
had given.
Mr. YULEE. I am satisfied that, the Senator
from Mississippi, when he understands the facts of
the case, will perceive that the principle for which
1 he contends is not violated at all, but that the le-
gislation proposed is in precise harmony with it;
and I will say that the views of tiie committee are
in entire harmony with those of the Senator from
Mississippi, and we have so acted in reference to
all cases which have come before the committee.
This case, which is proposed to be submitted by
this bill to the Postmaster General, was never
actually decided at all by the Postmaster General;
has never been seen by him; and yet, technically,
it will be_a reexamination; and technically theie
is a practice which prevents the present Postmas-
ter General, in his view of the matter, from ex-
amining and passing upon it.
Ihe difficulty arises m this way: by a practice
winch was peculiar to the late Postmaster Gen-
era!, Mr. Campbell, and which was contrary to
that pursued by all former Postmasters Genera!,
fines weie permitted to be entered up by the clerk,
and sent to the Auditor without ever undergoing
the inspection of the Postmaster General, and
without receiving his sign manual, or assent; and
yet they were considered as decisions of the De-
partment. Against these parties, -fines were en-
tered up in that manner, never going before the
