1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*237
ton constitution, and the impolicy of reading them
out of the Democratic party:
"That among the one hundred and odd German Demo-
cratic papers published in the Union, but three are sustain-
ing the Kansas policy of the Administration, namely: the
Philadelphia Demociat, the Buflalo Democrat, and the St.
Louis Chronik; and, if it should be found necessary, it can
be proved that the just-named three papers are 4 m for it,3
for very material reasons at that. Now, if you like, gentle-
men on the Lecompton side, read the millions of heretofore
faithful German Democrats out of the Democratic ranks!"
Mr. Chairman, it is both the right and duty of
a political party to lay down principles and estab-
lish. platforms; but it is not the right of either a
minority or majority of such party to compel its
members to violate the principles agreed on as
rules of action, and, on their refusal, to deny them
the name, and dismiss them from the party whose
principles they would maintain.
To speak of reading out the Democracy of Il-
linois from the party is absurd. Sir, they have
fought many a hard battle in that cause, and have
always come ojf conquerors; while the Keystone,
the Empire, and many southern States, have, at
different times, fallen in the fight. The men who
fought at Buena Vista and Cerro Gordo, and their
friends, are not to be driven from the support of
measures which they know to be just and Demo-
cratic, by the fear of being read out of the party.
They stand upon the Cincinnati platform, and will
abide by the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska
Hit, and are adhering to that principle, which the
President admits to be correct. He says:
tc I trust, however, that the example set by the last Con-
gress, requiiing that the constitution of Minnesota should be
subject to the approval and ratification of the people of the
proposed State, may be followed on fuiuie occasions."
Those of us who oppose the admission of Kan-
sas under the LecompLon constitution, are not to
be driven from our course, because, on this ques-
tion, the Republican party are found voting with
us. We oppose the admission for different rea-
sons. We, however, agree on one point—that the
Lecompton constitution is a fraud upon the peo-
ple of Kansas; and being such, we rejoice in their
aiding to prevent the outrage of forcing a consti-
tution upon a people against their wishes or con-
sent.
I read from the letter of a distinguished Demo-
crat, published in the Bardstown (Kentucky) Ga-
zette, to show the position of a huge portion of
the southern Democracy on the Lecompton ques-
tion. The writer says:
"Let the friends of the Adtmnisuatiou attempt reading
out of the paity those who will not bow down and woi*hip
the Leconipton swindle,and they had as wed assign. They
had better never been bom. If Lecompton ha-j become the
test of Democracy, the paity is dead sure enough. [ am op-
posed to such a test. Let us differ, it necessary, and do so
without quarreling or lighting. Douglas ^ right. as sure as
the sun shines. Harney is ught, and id Wi«.o, and so is
N. The South seems mad. Pass Lecompton. and all faith
in southern honor m the North is destrojed. Read Doug-
las and <?o. out of the pany, and w •- art* much section-
alized as was Bam iu ;G6.
" But, say the Lecomptonite-. Douglas !<• acting with the
Black Republicans! Demolishing lojnel Biaek Republi-
cans eat good dinners—ergo, DoroiA^ must confine him-< lf
to baw-du^t pudding, or he not a Democrat. Free-Soilers
drink good wine—ergo, poor Dough*: and Co. mu>t con-
fine themselves to extent wafr. or tlu v excite suspicion.
Pshaw! for sueh sophit-try ! and p«h<uv 1 for the «is,sfs that
use it. Let us ftand by (he light, whether the Black Re-
publicans are for or against it. We are pledged bv our
platform, by our solemn ptomise ro the North, t> leave this
cursed question of slaver) to the people of the Terutory—
this, as well as all others" An overwhelming majority of
the people of Kansas are opposed to tiie Leconipton consti-
tution. Then, as a Democrat, I utu opposed to it—opposed
to forcing it upon a protesting people, even if they are Free-
Soilers.
" One word by way of prophecy. Pass Lecompton, and
not insult Douglas and Co., and we may survive. Pass
Lecompton,and ostracise Doughs and Co.,and the Dem-
ocratic party is broken down; and when it perishes, our
glorious Union, perishes too."
Mr. Chairman, the anti-Lecompton Democrats
stand precisely where the Democratic party stood
in the late presidential contest—fighting for the
right of the people of each State and Territory to
regulate their own affairs in their own way, with-
out any interference from abroad. We shall be
found in opposition to all those who disbelieve
the doctrine of popular sovereignty, be they who
they may, Republicans or southern ultraists.
The Kansas question was the great, indeed the
only, question at issue between the parties in the
late presidential contest-, and I hazard the asser-
tion that if Mr. Buchanan, after his nomination,
had declared the views expressed in his mes-
sage accompanying the Lecompton constitution,
no free State m the Union would have given
him its vote. Illinois was carried for Mr. Buch-
anan, by convincing the people that we intended
in good faith to carry out the principle of the
Kansas-Nebraska act; that the actual citizens of
the Territory should have the power and means
of determining the form of constitution which
they would adopt. Mr, Chairman, the recent
election in New Hampshire shows the effect upon
the free States of the position of the Administra-
tion on the Lecompton constitution, and proves
the position I have taken, that if you admit Kan-
sas with the Lecompton constitution, you will
defeat the Democratic party in all the free States
except Illinois. There the Democracy arc united
against Lecompton, and will maintain their as-
cendency. I read from the Concord Patriot, the
leading Democratic paper in the State, of the 10th
instant. Itaays:
"The Kansas question has again crushed us with its
ponderous, blind, unreasoning power. Before the Lecomp-
ton constitution question was brought before the country,
our prospects for success were highly"flattering; ourtuumph
seemed to be certain; that matter, with the course of the
Administration upon it, fell like a wet blanket upon the
rising courage and earnest zeal ofourfriends, and from that
day we were doomed: our defeat was certain and apparent
to all well-informed persons. Yet the Democracy, hoping
against hope, continued the struggle with a courage and zeal
never before excelled by them, even under the most en-
couraging circumstances. They hoped the people might be
induced to think and act with reference to their own imme-
diate interests, and they labored to direct their attention to
the sole questions to be affected by the election ; but their
labors were vam. 'Kansas' and 'Lecompton' were the
magic words which directed the action of thousands of
honest voters."
It was charged by the Republicans that the re-
peal of the Missouri compromise, and the pass-
age of the Kansas-Nebraska act, were for the ex-
press purpose of making Kansas a slave State.
They wished slavery excluded from Kansas by
an act of Congress; we were for leaving that, with
other points, for the decision of the people of the
Territory, subject to the judicial tribunals and
the Constitution of the United States.
Daring the canvass I was repeatedly questioned
in regard to my course in Congress on the admis-
sion of Kansas, if I should be elected. My reply
was ever, that if Kansas applied for admission,
and presented a constitution which was republi-
can in its provisions, and I believed acceptable to
a majority of the actual settlers of the Territory,
I should vote for admission, with or without sla-
very; butif fraud or improper influences had been
used in procuring its adoption, and if it were not,
in my opinion, in accordance with the desire of a
majority of the people, I should vote against it,
without regard to any clause it might contain.
This was the stand taken by Democratic speakers
in southern Illinois during the campaign of 185G;
and the reason of my present opposition to the
admission of Kansas is, not that the Lecompton
constitution admits slavery, but that it is a wan-
ton violation of the principle of popular sover-
eignty, since it does not express the views of a
majority of the people who are to be governed by
it, and should not be forced on them by Congress,
when every member here must be aware that more
than three fourths of the people are strongly op-
posed to its provisions.
T quote from the New York Freeman's Journal,
a Catholic and Democratic jcmrnal. It says:
" What is the practical difference between the £ royal pre-
rogative' claimed by the weak and tyianmeal Stuarts, and
the executive influences so impiudently Haunted in our
faces by the advocates of the fraudulent constitution of the
Lecomptonites? The only difference is, that this 4 execu-
tive influence5 is viler in its natuie, more demoralizing, and
rnoi e potent, than the { royal prerogative,'winch lives, m the
execration of free men. We have been told, day by day,
by the servants and the seekers of the Government pell, that
some ten millions of dollars of patronage are to be employed^
m buying the absence or the votes of a sufficient number of
the Representatives of the people, to secure the passage of
an act deadly to the interests of the country, and to the
fundamental principles of our institutions.'"
Mr. Chairman, it is argued by many in favor
ofadmissionunderthe constitution presented, that
the people could have voted for delegates to the
convention which framed it, and not having done
so, have no right to complain of its provisions.
Let us hear what Secretary Stanton says on this
question:
" On inv arrival in the Territory in April last, m advance
of Governor Walker, I confess that I had an imperfect
knowledge of the real condition of affairs. I supposed the
question of slaveiy to be the only cause of dissension and
difficulty among the people; and, in my brief inaugural ad-
dress of the 17th of April, I treated this as the ehief subject
of difference upon winch a submission to the people would
be likely to be demanded, I soon found, however, that this
view was altogethertoo limited, and did not reach the true
ground of controversy. The great mass of the inhabitants
of the Territory were dissatisfied with the local government,
and earnestly denied the validity of the existing laws. As-
serting that the previous Legislature had been forced upon
them by the fraud and violence of a neighboring people,
they proclaimed their determination never to submit to the
enactments of legislative bodies tlms believed to be illegiti-
mate and not entitled to obedience."
After the arrival of Governor Walker, Mr. Stan-
ton says:
"I was often with the Governor when he addressed the
people, and gave my best efforts in aid of the great purpose
ot conciliation. It was too late to induce the people to go
into the June election for delegates to the convention. The
registration required by law had been imperfect in all the
counties, and had been wholly omitted in One half of them;
nor could the people ot these, disfranchised rounties vote tn
any adjacent county, as has been falsely suggested. In such
of them as subsequently took a census or registry of .their
own, the delegates chosen were not admitted to seats in the
convention. Nevertheless, it is not to be denied that the
great central fact, which controlled the whole case, was the
utter want of confidence by the people in the whole ma-
chinery of the territorial government. They alleged that
the local officers, in all instances, were unscrupulous par-
tisans, who had previously defrauded them m the elections,
and who weie ready to repeat the same outrages again; that,
even if intruders from abroad should not be permuted to
overpower them, they would be cheated by false returns,
which it would not be possible for the Governor and Sccre-
taryto defeat. Although, at that time, these apprehensions
seemed to me to be preposterous and unfounded, it was im-
possible to deny the earnestness and sincerity with which
they wore urged, or to doubt that they were the result of
deep convictions, having their origin m some previous ex-
perience of that nature.
Mr. Chairman, let it be admitted that many
who had the right to vote for delegates to the con-
vention did not exercise thatright. Their reasons
for that neglect may be justifiable. Great excite-
ment existed at the time, and violence and out-
rage were constantly occurring in their Territory.
Fear of personal injury, or the thought that aid-
ing in the election would in a measure commit
thom to the constitution which might be framed,
may have prevented many from voting for dele-
gates. They may have believed that taking no
part in the election would tend to conciliate their
opponents, and that their wishes might be more
regarded were they to remain quiet, and if the
constitution framed did not meet their wishes,
they could then, as in the case of Minnesota,
have the power of voting against its acceptance.
Be this as it may, the only question which it
seems to me Congress now has to determine, is,
whether the Lecompton constitution expresses
the opinion of a majority of the residents in Kan-
sas, and whether they have been left free to form
and adopt a constitution for themselves.
In what manner were they required to vote on
the adoption of the constitution ? I will read the
clause prescribing the mode of voting:
" The voting shall be by ballot, those voting for Kansas
as a siiiv i State shall vote a ballot with the words ' eon,-ti-
tution with slaveiy,' and thot e voting for Kansas to be a
free State, '•ha'l vote a ballot with the words*(constitution
with no slavery.1 '*
Sir, when the people found that the convention
refused to submit the whole constitution for then-
ratification or rejection, they urged upon acting-
Governor Stanton the necessity of calling a ses-
sion of the Legislature to protect them, and pro-
vide for submitting the constitution to a vote of
the people. I quote from Senator Douglas's mi-
nority report. He says:
" The power of the Territorial Legislature over the whole
subject was as full and absolute on the 17th day of Decem-
ber, when the law was enacted providing for the submission
of the cv.astitution to the people at the election on the 4th
of January, as it was on the iOth day of February, 1857,
when the Legislature passed the act calling the Lecompton
ronwntion into existence. The convention was the crea-
ture of the Territorial Legislature, was called mto existence
by its mandate, deriviul whatever power it posseted fiom
enactment, imd was bound to conduct all its proceedings
'in stijet suboidination to the existing territorial govern-
ment,'as well as 'in entire subserviency to the power of
Congress to adopt, reject, oi disregard them at their pleas-
ure.' "
The Legislature, in addition to the law provid-
ing for the submission of the constitution to a
vote of the people, adopted a preamble and reso-
lutions, setting forth the facts in relation to the
election of delegates to the convention, and pro-
testing against the admission of Kansas into the
Union under the Lecompton constitution. Copies
of this preamble and resolutions were forwarded
to the President and both Houses of Congress.
a Preamble and jvmt resolutions t  relation to the cowlitji*-
tion framed at Lecompton, Kansas Territory, on the ith
day of November, 1857.
" Whereas a small minority of the people living in nine-
teen of the thirty-eight counties of this Territory availed
