152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
may exist upon the part of some of the members
of the House.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Mr. Chairman, I do
not believe that the amendment proposed by the
honorable member from Mississippi, [Mr. Quit-
man,] will accomplish the purpose that he and T
both wish to attain. I believe that a paper issue,
destined to go into circulation, founded upon any-
thing else than gold or silver, will be liable to
occasional and great depreciation. Should the
Government credit at any time be affected to the
extent of reducing this paper the slightest shade
of depreciation below par, it might all be precip-
itated at one time, and at the most inopportune
time, upon the Treasury for redemption. Sir,
there never has existed an instance m this Govern-
ment, in which Treasury notes have been issued
under circumstances hko these, that the Govern-
ment has not been reduced to the necessity of
passing a funding act to return them again to the
Treasury.
This bill proposes ,itis true, that these notes shall
bear interest for twelve months, andforsixty days
after the Secretary of the Treasury shall give no-
tice that he is prepared to redeem them. Bat what
takes place then ? The bill provides that then the
interest shall cease. What will be the condition
of the thousand dollar Treasury note under these
circumstances? It will have accumulated inter-
est to the amount of seventy dollars, and it will
pass for all purposes of exchange as $1,070. If a
New York capitalist, holding this paper, wishes
to go into the cotton market at New Orleans and
purchase cotton, he will have the option to return
the notes to the Treasury for redemption, or remit
them for the purchase of the cotton. Will he de-
mand the gold for them, and pay the freight upon
the gold toNew Orleans? or will he send his thou-
sand dollar Treasury note to New Orleans, and
make his payment free from charge of freight?
Raising the denomination of these notes to $1,000
will not prevent them from passing into circula-
tion. Whenever the Treasury note ceases to
bear interest, it will then pass, as long as the
credit of the Government is good, as freely into
circulation as any other paper of like denomina-
tion; and, as lias heretofore been proven by the
history of the Treasury operations of the coun-
try, you will never recover this paper so long as
the credit of the Government is maintained, until
you pass a funding act authorizing the holders of
these notes to present them at the Treasury and
convert them into Government stock bearing six
per cent, interest, running for a period of time—
say not less than live or ten years. You must
hold out this inducement to the owners of large
masses of capital, seeking permanent investment,
to tempt them to gather up these notes and return
them to the Treasury
This, sir, will be the case so long as the Govern-
ment credit is good; but if exigencies shall arise
impairing the Government credit to the slightest
extent, the whole mass of this paper may return,
as the old continental money used to return, to the
Treasury for redemption. This may occuratthe
most inopportune time", and when the condition
of the Treasury may cause them to be greatly
depreciated. It will be the worst description of
paper cvei established by the Government. You
have an illustration of what may occur with this
issue of $20,000,000 in the history of the old con-
tinental money. Though I think the gentleman's
amend mentis a step in the right direction—though
I think Treasury notes ought not, perhaps, to be
issued of a less denomination than $1,000—yet, I
think that the amendment of the gentleman from
Mississippi would fall far short of averting the
evil which the gentleman and myself both desire
to avert. I would prefer to insert in the bill the
funding clause embraced m the Treasury note act
of 1847.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
the amendment by substituting " five hundred"
for " one thousand." The committee will under-
stand, Mr. Chairman, that the question is simply
an issue between $1,000 and §500. Whichever is
preferable of the two, in the judgment of the com-
mittee, will, of course, receive Us assent, if either
of them does.
I think myself, sir, that these Treasury notes,
which it is proposed to issue, will not be a worse
currency than gold and silver. I believe they will
be better. These Treasury notes will not appear
in the ordinary circulation of the country. They
will be used in the payment of duties; they will
go West, and be invested in the purchase of lands.
And when they are thus invested, what will be
their condition ? They will not only be unfitted
for the duties or functions of currcncy, but they
will be directly withdrawn. What says the sev-
enth section of this bill ?
"Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted. That everv collector
of the customs, receiver of public moneys, or other officer
or agent of the United States who shall receive any Treasury
note or notes in payment on account of the United States,
shall take fiom the holder of such note or notes a receipt,
upon the back of each, stating distinctly the date of snch
payment, and the amount allowed upon such note; and
every such officer or agent shall keep regular and specific
entries of all Treasury notes received in payment, showing
the person horn whom received, the number, date, and
amount of principal and interest allowed on each and
cveiy Treasury note received in payment; which entries,
shall be delivered to the Treasury with the Treasury note
or notes mentioned therein, and if found correct, such
officer or agent shall receive credit for the amount, as pro-
vided in the la->t section of this act."
Now, Mr. Chairman, you will see, and the com-
mittee will see, that the function these notes will
perform will be to pay the public dues, and when
those dues are discharged, the notes are by their
use extinguished; they are icceipted upon; there
is an end of them. I propose to reduce the
amount of the notes to #500, instead offixing it at
$],000, lis the amendment of the honorable gen-
tleman fiom Mississippi provides, because it will
afford greater conveniences to those having to deal }
with the Government. A thousand dollars is too j
large an amount for many of those, for instance, :
| who want to make investments in western lands, j
Five hundred dollars is a much more convenient ;
amount, and if they are employed in the manner ;
I have stated, they will not perform the functions I
of a means of exchange. How many functions j
do the bonds of the Government perform in that I
way ? We know very well that the savings in- !
stitutions have derived their capital fiom invest-
ments in bonds of the Government.
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to ask my honor- j
able friend from Virginia, whether a hank of the ■
United States or a fiscal agency would not answer j
the purpose better ? |
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I |
think that my remarks do not justify any such i
criticism. A bank of the United States would |
issue notes that would not be extinguished by ctr- !
dilation, as Treasury notes are extinguished by
circulation and use.
A Membf.r. They can be reissued.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is true; but
nevertheless they are extinguished. So you can
reissue bonds. But when "the Government de-
sires it, they maybe extinguished. I insist upon
it, sir, that there is no similitude whatever be-
tween this transaction and a Government bank,
j I think my amendment would be for the public
: convenience; for the convenience of remittance, if
you choose; for the convenience of paying duties
at your different sea-ports, and for the purchase
of land at your land offices.
Mr. J.GLANCY JONES. I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
will not prevail. The amendment, and the speech
based upon it, as also the amendment offered by
the honorable gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Quitman,] contemplate no change in the prin-
ciple or character of the bill. The Treasury note,
as to all its characteristics, will be just tiic same,
whether it be $500, or $100, or $1,000. It is still
a Treasury note, payable in one year, with in-
terest. The modification proposed by either of
the gentlemen will not alter the character of the
bill in any single particular. There is no prin-
ciple involved. It is a mere question of expedi-
i ency. Now, I would suggest to these honorable
I gentlemen that the bill does not provide that the
\ Secretary shall issue Tieasury notes of the de-
, nomination of $100, but it simply provides that
: he shall not issue Treasury notes of a less de-
ttoaunation than $100. It certainly can do no
; harm to leave this discretionary power in the
| hands of the Secretary. I am convinced that he
I is just as much opposed to making these notes
i current as any gentleman here can possibly be.
It is not his desire to do so. He wants to have
! the power to issue, if necessary, notes as low as
' $100. I am willing to confide in the Secretary of
! the Treasury. 1 know that he will do anything
| in his power to prevent their becoming currency.
Another reason why I do not wish the amend-
ment to ptevail is, that we are now acting on the
Senate bill. If we pass it as it is, there is the end
of it, and it only needs the President's approval
to become a law. If any amendments be made
to it, it will be necessary for it to go back to the
Senate. At the same time, there is a pending
resolution for both Houses to take a recess. 1
am very anxious to have a vote on this bill, and
that we may either pass it or reject it to-day. I
hope, therefore, that the amendment to the amend-
ment will not prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment to the amendment, offered by Mr. Quitman,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to amend the first
section, by striking out the words <£ not less than
$100 for any such note," and inserting m lieu
thereof the words, " of $100, $500, and $1,000 re-
spectively. " I offer this amendment, Mr. Chair-
man, in good faith.
Mr. QUITMAN. I submit the question to
the Chair whether that amendment is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips] is
not, at this time, in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Mississippi,
by striking out the words " one thousand," and
inserting the word " fifty." Either this bill is au-
thorized by the Constitution of the United States
or it is not. The amount of the Treasury drafts
cannot affect the power of the Government under
the Constitution 
Mr. QUITMAN. I would submit the ques-
tion whether the gentleman is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Seward] submits an amendment to the
amendment, and is m order, discussing it.
Mr. QUITMAN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man, in courtesy, not to embarrass an amendment
which I proposed in good faith. He will have an
opportunity of voting directly on his own prop-
osition afterwards.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer my amendment in just
as good faith; and the House will determine be-
tween the gentleman and myself. If this bill is
unconstitutional, then you cannot issue the Treas-
ury note for any amount. The difficulty cannot
be removed by the proposition of the gentleman
from Mississippi to enlarge the amount, because,
if $1,000 notes arc issued, the wrong would be ten
! times greater than if $100 notes were issued. But
j I am opposed to issuing large Treasury notes,
' and I piefer to see them all in $50 notes, because
I want them to go into circulation as money, in
the present financial condition of the country.
The uses that the people may make of these Treas-
ury notes, if issued, cannot affect the constitu-
tional power of Government to issue them. They
arc not bank bills, because they are paper pay-
able twelve months ahead,and drawing interest.
If the people think proper to use these bills as
money to control and regulate exchanges, and for
the transmission of money, so much the better;
and that is one reason why I am in favor of the
bill.
I am not afraid of being charged with favoring
a Bank of the United States, because I think that
that is an entirely different thing from this bill, in
any aspect m which you can view it. A Treas-
ury note would be no more a bank bill than the
Government stock which gentlemen talk about,
because these Treasury notes aie payable at twelve
months, drawing interest. Every man knows
that stocks are put m the market every day and
sold. They are exchanged every hour in Wall
street, and are used, if not for the purpose of cir-
culation, at least for the purpose of raising money
on, just as these Treasury notes can be used.
So that in any shape you can putit, the Treasury
securities will become, to someextent,a circulat-
ing medium. You cannot avoid it. Therefore,
I think it much better to have small notes than
large ones. I am in favor of that for another
reason. I want some of these notes to go down
South. If they are issued of the denomination
of $1,000 and $5,000 and $10,000 and $50,0(10,
the notes will stay in the northern States, and
! give relief there to the detriment of the South,
; and will produce the same mischief as the United
States Bank. Therefore I want them to be issued
! of small denominations
j Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Chairman, if I under-
' stand the amendment proposed, it is to insert
! " fifty" instead of" one hundred.*' lam opposed
