1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
themselves of a law which enabled them to obshucf and
defeat a fair expression of the popular will, did, by the odi-
ous and oppressive application of the pi ovisions and parti-
san machinery of said law, procure the return of the whole
number of the delegates of the constitutional convention
recently assembled at Lecompton j and whereas, by reason
of the defective provisions of said law, in connection with
the neglect and misconduct of the authorities charged with
tiie execution of the same, the people living within the re-
maining nineteen counties of the Territory were not per-
muted to return delegates to said convention, were not
recognized in its organization, or in any other sense heard
or felt in its dehbeiations; and whereas it is an axiom m
political ethics that the people cannot be deprived of their
lights by the negligence or misconduct of public officers;
and whereas a minority—to wit, twenty-eight only of the
sixty members of said convention—have attempted, by an
unworthy contrivance, to impose upon the whole people of
this Territory a constitution without consulting their wishes
and against their will •, and whereas the members of said
convention have refused to submit their action for the ap-
proval or disapproval of the voters of the Territory, and in
thus acting have defied the known will of nine tenths of
the voters thereof; and whereas the action of a fragment of
said convention, representing as they did a small minority
of the voters of the Terntoiy, repudiates and crushcs out
the distinctive principle of the Nebraska-Kansas act, and
violates and tramples under foot the lights and the sover-
eignty of the people ; and whereas from the fotegoing state-
ment of facts it clearly appeals that the people have not
been left' free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way,' but, on the contrary, at every stage
in the anomalous proceedings recited, they have been pre-
vented from so doing:
" JBe it therefore resolved by the Governor and legislative
•Assembly of Kansas Territory, That the people of Kansas
being opposed to said constitution, Oongiess lias no rightful
power under it to admit said Teirnoty into the Union as a
State; and the representatives of said people do heiebv, m
their name and on their behalf, solemnly protest against
such admission.
" Resolved, That such action on the part of Congress
would, in the judgment of the members of this Legislative
Assembly, be an entire abandon ment of the doctrine ot non-
intervention in the aOans of the Territoiv. and a substitu-
tion in its stead of concessional intervention m behalfofa
minority engaged in a disreputable attempt to defeat the
will and violate the rights of the mnjoriiv.
" Resolved, Thatthc people of Kansas Territory claim the
right, through a legal and fair expression of the will of a ma-,
jority of her citizens, 10 form and adopt a constitution for
themselves.
" Resolved, That the Governor of this Territory be re-
quested tofoiwaid a copy of' the toirgomg pieainble and
resolutions to the fie<jdfut of the Umf'-d States, the Vn>*,~
ident of the Senate, the Speaker of the Uoihc of Represent-
atives,and to the Delegate inC'ongiess Irom the Ten lioiy "
From the facts sot forth in the fomroms; pro-
amble and resolutions, it is evident that the Le-
compton constitution does not express the wishes
of a majority of the people of Kansas. They were
not allowed to vote for or against the constitution.
If they voted at all, either for or against slavery,
they mubt vote for the constitution; the.y could not
vote against it.
I will read what Governor Wise says on this
point in his letter to the Philadelphia convention:
" No man was allowed to vote for shivery who did not
also vote ior the constitution; and" no man was allow',} to
vote against slavery who did not vote for the constitution,
lie might i eject slavery or adopt it, piovided he would \ o!e
ior the constitution: In-* vote foroi against slavery was not
allowed to be counted.
" iiut it is aniiK'd in the menage that the people, if op-
posed to Mavei v, mrrht have voted it out of the constitution
on the kJNt of Ih-eembct. 1 den\ that they could have
voted fot oi a'iain ,t 5-lavet\ under this.schedule, unles,:-. they
voted also for the constitution. V- I inve Mud, nme bun-
dled and inneh' nine nil;ht.havcgone to thcpolNaud voo>d
lor oi ayanet -iaveiy, aud yet have nreti out-voted by one
man, if ihey vote.} again.-: the cojiMiiuiion ami the one voted
foi it. In a old, no on" who voi e.i airai u-t the <. o:i-,tnu-
tion e<>uid v ote at all : lion uaia.i, then, to ci"" that those
who weic opposed to the constitution. thoog.> (or or a aue.i
slavery, staid away tiom the polls on Ui" 'Jlst ot Decembei,
and let the election go by default. Could they have voted
at all U they were against the constitution > Could the) be
counted (or oi against slavery, unless they voted tor the
< on^titution ? Why hold the people rej-pon-ible foi nor at-
tending the poll';, when, if they had attended them, fhev
were not allowed to vote but in one way, not all allowed
to vote m their own way, and the minority of one was given
the niajoiity of one over a thousand ? Do you call tins elec-
tion ? Election has which of the two ' at least to choose.'
Hut here there was no alternative but in respect to slavciy,
and thai was not allowed unless you voted the one way on
the constitution. Such monstrous injustice and inequality
never offended the moial sense of tieemen befoie m fins
country."
Mr. Chairman, it does not scorn wise or states-
manlike to force upon a people a constitution ob-
noxious to them, even though they may have
commuted an error, or nuirhi have prevented a
wrong. if ilmy have committed cut error in fail-
ing \o exercise a right m the election of delegates
to the convention, could our act be called by &o
inild a name if wc forced upon them a constitu-
tion to which four fifths of them are opposed?
Now, sir, I ask if there is any member of the
committee who lias any doubt on this question r
if any one lias, I would refer him to the voce
given at the election on the 4th of January, in ■
accordance with the law of the Legislature of the I
Territory. This was a legal act, and the Presi-1
dent instructed acting Governor Denver to protect'
the rights of the people at the ballot-box.
The result of the election of the 4th of January
on the ratification or rejection of the Lecompton
constitution was officially announced by the Gov-
ernor and presiding officers of the two Houses of
the Legislature of the Territory, in the following
proclamation: :
" In accordance, with the piovisions of an act entitled
' An act submitting tiie constitution framed at Lecompton
under the act of the Legislative Assembly of Kansas Ter-
ritory, entitled " An act to provide for taking a census and
election of delegates to a convention,"' parsed February 19,
A. D. J 857, the undersigned announce the following as the
official vote of the people of Kansas Territory on the ques-
tion as therein submitted on the 4th day of January, 1858:
the vote against the Lecompton constitution, 1D,Q26 ; for
the Lecompton constitution with slavery, 138; for the con-
stitution without slavery, 24.
" January 26, 1858."
From the official proclamation it is shown that
the Lecompton constitution was rejected by the
people by a majority of 10,064 votes.
At the election held on the 21st December, the
reported vote for the constitution with slavery
was 6,143, and for the constitution with no sla-
very 589; leaving a majority in favor of the con-
stitution with slavery of 5,574, as presented to
Congress for admission.
It is stated in the same proclamation that more
than one half of this majority was cast at those
very sparsely settled precincts in the Territory,
two of them in the Shawnee reserve, on land not
open for settlement, viz:
Oxfoid, Johnson county..     3,2fi6
Shawnee, Johnson county    729
Kickapoo,Leavemvouh county   1,017
Total 3.012
At the election on the 4th of January, the majority against
the 'Constitution v.'.i- 10,004
At the election on the ')lst ot December, the majority
in favor of the constitution, as picsemed to Con-
gress ivas   5,574
Showing a clear majority against the eon°tittmon, on
comp.u ison of the i etunis of the two elections, and
.supposing each to have been fair aud legal, of.... 4,490
ilation, we deduct the fraudu-
X to the statement of the pre-
if, from this eah
lent votes, accoidi
siding officers of the two lTout.es of the Legisla-
ture, who were present at the opening of the polls
and the counting of the votes, by the invitation
of the president of the convention, v/e have a ma-
jority of more than eight thousand, or four to one
of all the legal voters of Kansas, m opposition to
the constitution.
Mr. Chairman, I consider it the duty of the
American Congress to reflect the will of the ma-
jority of the people m their legislative acts. It is
m thus that our (government d'ilers from others,
and is superior to them. It is a just cause of pride,
that our Government confers upon every citizen
enjoying its protection, the right to have a voice
tn the election of those who are to make the laws
that are to f/oveni him.
It is one of the cardinal principles of the Dem-
ocratic party, that the repiesentative is bound in
honm to cany out the wishes of the people he
ivpiesents. I believe this to be corrcct; and sir,
I would not retain an office one hour, after know-
ing that I could not carry out the clc.irly expressed
views and wishes of a majority of my constitu-
ents. No question has arisen since 1 have been
in public life, on which the people m our State are
so nearly unanimous as on this. The friends of
the Lecompton constitution in Illinois " are few
and far between." Of some sixty Democratic
papers published in our State, over fifty are against
the Leco upton constitution, and five or six in its
favor. Ail, as I believe, who support it, either
hold office under the Administration, or have Gov-
ernment peonage, or expect by their course to
obtain it. I will icad a few extracts from the
Democratic Union at Peoria, to show how that
paper stood on the Kansas question at the open-
ing of Congress, and its position now:
" We arc loth to give credence to a thousand rumors afloat
that l're?jdini Hucimnan sanctions the outrage which the
convention of Lecomptvn is attempting to mtpooe upon tl.e
peonle of Kan&av
'•The Wa- htngton Union claims to be the oigan ot the
Admhuctiation. We do nov beiK ve, nor t an w t- believe,
without evidence ln-j suid what we have yet seen, that Pies-
Idem ihicnanan tubocubca to its gros^y ami-Democratic
sentiments. They belie the political professions of his whole
life. They speak a language which has never, on any oc-
casion, come from his lips oi his pen; a language that no
southron would utter unless he had first become besotted
in his mad devotion to the pecuhai institution; a language
which no national political organization could proclaim and
live for a twelvemonth; a language moie revoltmgly sec-
tional to the northern mind than the insane ravings of the
wildest Abolition enthusiasts. That President Buchanan
approves of sentiments so utterly subversive of State sov-
ereignty, and which, if nationally predominant, would carry
slavery into every one of the northern States, we do not for
a moment credit."—Peoria Unio?i, December o.
"The Democratic party will see that the Nebraska bill
triumphs in the assertion of that great Democi atic piineiple,
that the people shall make their own laws and establish
their own institutions. They will frown out of existence
the work of the Lecompton convention, because it attempts
to ovenide the voice of the people, and they will establish
upon an impregnable basis the right of the freemen of Kan-
sas to govern themselves m their own way."—Peoria
Union, December 9.
"Admit Kansas, we say, under the Lecompton constitu-
tion, and her people will be left' peifeetly free to regulate
then domestic institutions in then own way,' and this evei-
lasting agitation will coat-e. The South will be satisfied m
having earned this abftraetion, their honor untarnished.and
the North will be content with the puz's and the harmony
of the party and the peacc of the Union will be restored."—
Peoria Union, February 8 and 9.
The editor came here to procure public print-
ing, and said he would have it. He succeeded,
and his paper now advocates the admission of
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution.
I read from the Johet Signal, a Lecompton
paper, to show the popular will of the Democracy
of Illinois. This editor is postmaster at Joliet.
His remarks are candid and temperate, and I fear
it may lose him his office:
" That a great majority of the Democratic patty of Illi-
nois sustain the views of Senator Douglas relative to the
Kansas nnbioglio, is doubtless tiue. Evidence of this
comes to us from every quaiter. The Democracy of lilt-
nois are proud ol then distinguished Senator, and will stand
by him as Ions as he locosrmzes ins paity obligations, and
is devoted to the great national piincipl.-s winch have uni-
ted the paity since the days of Jeffeis-on
" The tact that a huge majonty of the Democratic party
thi.s State should indorse Senator 3)oi'olas\s couise, is no
evidence that they aie not devoted to the gieat national
party, and to its head a.s implemented by the present Chief
Magistrate of the nation.
"The Demoeiacj of Illinois have never wavered tn their
defense of the Constitution, the tights of the States, and the
gieat national piinciplc? emollcd upon the Demociatic
banner Amid the eonfn-aon which has reigned m the
political arena, and the yielding to sectional and factious
temptations which has been manifest in other quartets, the
Demociatic party of this State, with true devotion to the
national platiorm, has ever been found faithful. There has
been no pandering to populai prejudice, nor bending to pres-
ent pohe.y , displaj ed in our State contests but the enemv
have been met on broad national giound and vanquished
Again I read from the Bureau County Demo-
crat of February 18, 1953:
" We have, for weeks pavt, expected to be lemoved, and
we expect it still, and say, let it come ; but, out leader will
leatn, when the blow comes that we can look above and
beyond the mere bound* of personal feelings and coiiMdei-
attons We do not think the Punceton pc^t odiee, or our
own pnvate ieelings or interests of so great impoitaucc as
the peipeuiation of the Demociatic paify, and, in no event,
will we make opeu war upon the Admimttiation, or advo-
cate or appiovc any course of action that would tend to the
disruptmeof the paity. As to the present Kansas diffi-
culty, wo think it wou'd have been pioper <u> we)! a> poli-
tic to submit the Lecompton constitution to tiie people ; \v e
believe th-u Mr. Buchanan acted unwiseiv t i committing
lnm^elf and the Admmisttation to that con^titut'on.n^und
ot tneiely pvmg all the fact4- ot the ca<c and turning if ov >r
to Connors to ho decided upon its merits lather than to be
decided upon an Admmi-tiatiou meanu.\ We th<nk
Mi l)i c<r', view of the ea^e ac com!.- with the s-puit of
the Cincinnati platlo:m, and we regret that le- news h;ive
not beuucairicd out."
Since this article was written I believe Mr.
Pine has seen 7ieiv light, and goes for Lecompton.
The minority on this question, m my district,
is so extiemcly small, that it cannot well be said
there are two opinions on the subject. I know
the opinion of my constituents, and, although I
regret to be found in opposition to the majority
of my Democratic friends here, I slnll sustain the
views of my people, and vote for what I behevo
correct principles, resistingany attempt to oppress
or trample upon the dearest rights of the people of
Kansas. TsTo power could induce me to vote for
the admission of that Territory into the Union,
under the Lecompton constitution, while I believe
three fourths of the people are opposed to its pto-
visions. Mr. Chairman, I would rather have the
approval of my course by the people I lepresent
on this lluor, than, by misrepresenting them, to
receive the highest oilice or honors in the gilt of
the Administration.
I am somewhat surprised at the anxiety of my
southern filends to bring Kansas into the Union,
j under this constitution, when, I believe, they ad-
