1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
to the amendment, though I am in favor of an
alteration of the section. I also am in favor of so
altering it that the sums for which these Treasury-
notes shall be issued shall be fixed by law, and
not left to the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury; not that I doubt that a wise use will
be made of that discretion, but because I think
that such an alteration will be the means of saving
the Secretary of the Treasury from much annoy-
ance, and at the same time make these Treasury
notes much more valuable for ail the proper pur-
poses for which they ought to be issued. I propose,
sir, to move, at the proper time, that these notes
shall be issued in sums of $100, $500, and $1,000.
The bill itself provides that they shall not be issued
in sums of less than $100; but it does not prohibit
their issue in fractional suras over $100. If they
can have any valuable effect upon the community,
though they may not be legitimately issued for that
direct purpose, let us put them into a shape by
which that effect may be realized.
T take this occasion to say, Mr. Chairman, be-
cause I think it is germane to the subject, that
these Treasury notes, in my judgment, are the
very things which ought to be issued. The Pres-
ident of the United States, in his annual message,
commends to the attention of Congress the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury which recom-
mends them; and my colleague, [Mr. Ritchie,]
in stating that the President did not recommend
them while they were recommended by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, has fallen into a mistake;
not intentionally, of course. His view,as I un-
derstand it, is that the President, in the body of
his message, speaks of a loan, and, with respect
to Treasury notes, merely indorses the action of
the Secretary of the Treasury. If my colleague
will look further he will see that the President in
his message speaks of a temporary loan in case
vthe exigency of the public service should require
it;and certainly he will admit that in commcnding :
the recommendation of the Secretary ofthc Treas-
ury to the noticc of Congress, the President in-
tends to lefcr to what he had stated previously—
that, whenever the exigency of the public service
requires that which he has called a temporary
loan, it shall be realized in this manner.
But why should this loan be made? Why
should these Treasury notes be issued ? My col-
league from Pennsylvania [Mr, Grow] tells this
House that it had better beginto retrench. Does
he recollect that every dollar now asked for is
asked for to pay the debts of a Congress in which
he was one of the majority? Does he not know
that the appropriations to be made by this Con-
gress will be made at a late period, and for the
fiscal year to commence in July next? Does
the gentleman forget that an appropriation bill,
demanded by the real wants of the country,
the Army appropriation bill, was, during the last
Congress, three times rejected ? Why is it, Air.
Chairman, that this side ofthc House is reproached :
with advocating measures of extravagant appro- '
priation, when we only ask fur means to replenish
1 the Treasury in order that the debts contracted by
the gentleman and his friends may be paid. We '
do not say to the creditor of the Government that
he must accept these notes; but the bill very
wisely provides that unless he chooses to accept
them he need not do so.
I shall take the opportunity again of saying a
few words on this subject, unless by doing so I
shall embarrass the action of the committee on
this bill. I prefer that the amount of these Treas-
ury notes shall be fixed, and for that reason I
shall vote against the amendmen t of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Seward.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think the debate lias
gone far enough on this bill. I move to strike out
the enacting clause.
Mr. QJIlTMAN. I ask the gentleman that
he will not apply the previous question upon this
bill in committee, which will have the effect, if I
understand it, of cutting off a vote upon the amend-
ments which are ponding.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am disposed
to make a question of order upon the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina. I know it has
been the practice established during the Congress
before the last to entertain such amotion in com-
mittee; but I did not believe it was in order then,
nor do I believe that it is in order now. I believe
it is trampling down the rights of this House to
permit a majority* by striking out the enacting
clause of a bill, to cut off all debate upon any ques-
tion whatever, no matter how important. If the
motion can be applied to this bill, it can be applied
to any bill. If it can be applied at this stage of
the proceedings, it can be applied in any stage of
the proceedings in committee. No matter how
important the measure, the gag may be applied in
Committee of the Whole atany time, if the Chair
rules the motion in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order submitted by the gentleman from
Maine, and decides that the motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina is in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CLINGMAN. At the request of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] I will
withdraw the motion for the present.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to; and the question recurred upon the
amendment offered by Mr. Quitman.
Mr. WARREN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi, by strik-
ing out "$1,000" and inserting "$1,500." The
object which I have in view in offering this amend-
ment, is simply, in a few words, to give my opin-
ions m reference to this bill. I dislike very much
to oppose the bill in any shape in which it can
possibly be presented, but unless some amend-
ment of this charactcr is made, I shall feel myself
bound to oppose it.
My object and that which my friend from Missis-
sippi seeks to accomplish, arc precisely the same.
It is to provide thattheseTreasury notes shall not,
by any possible contingency, be made a circulat-
ing medium in this country. It has been the
policy of the party to which I belong, as I have
understood it—it has been my policy atany rate—
to oppose any proposition upon the part of this
Government, by virtue of which any thing other
than gold and silver shall bccomc a circulating
medium. I propose, therefore, by the amendment
which I have introduced, to make the lowest limit
for these Treasury notes so large as to prevent
the possibility of such an occurrence.
I desire not to oppose this measure, and I have
very reluctantly taken the position which I have
in objecting m good faith to this feature of the
bill. I hope the amendment will be adopted, be-
cause I desire to aid, by my vote, the Govern-
ment in currying on its affairs. But, sir, I will
not do it in opposition to the firm and fixed prin-
ciples for which I have contended all the preceding
days of my life. If this amendment be adopted,
the desire 1 have will be accomplished; otherwise
I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Arkansas. I am opposed to the issue of any of
these notes, and 1 ask a vote upon the ques-
tion.
Mr. EUSTIS. When the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. ClingmanJ withdrew his
motion, I renewed it. The Chair did not hear
me,- but I now renew the motion to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill. I made the motion
before, distinctly to the hearing of gentlemen
around me.
Mr. STANTON. I submit that the motion is
not in order, pending the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Arkansas.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
motion is in order. " A motion to strike out the
enacting words of a bill shall have precedence of
a motion to amend."
Mr.BANKS. I trustthegentlemanfrom Lou-
isiana will withdraw the motion, in order that we
may take one or two votes upon propositions we
propose to offer in good faith. There is no desire
to defeat the bill by procrastination.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the motion submitted by the gentleman from
Louisiana at the time he submitted it, otherwise
the Chair would have entertained the motion.
Mr. EUSTIS. I made it distinctly at the time,
but inasmuch as gentlemen desire to take some
votes in good faith, I withdraw my motion.
The amendment of Mr. Warren to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Quitman,
Mr. QUITMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Quitman,
and Smith of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported'
—ayes 76, noes 105.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BANKS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the first section of the bill;
And be it further enacted, That tho President, if >  his
opinion it shall be the interest of the United States so to do,
instead of issuing the whole amount of Treasury notes
authorized by the first section of this act, may borrow, otr
the credit of the United States, such an amount of money
as he may deem proper, and issue therefor .stock of the
United States, bearing interest at a rate not exceeding six
per centum per annum for the sum thus borrowed, redeem-
able after the 3fst day of December, 1859: Provided, That
the sum so borrowed, together with the Treasury notes,
issued under the authority of this act, outstanding, and the
stock created under the authority of this act, shail not in
the whole exceed .$20,000,000 : And provided farther, That
no stock shall be issued at a less rate than par.
I will not, sir, detain an impatient House by any
extended remarks. The amendment gives to the
President all the authority that his friends claim
for him under the bill to issue Treasury notes.
But it superadds also the authority, that if he shall
deem it for the interest of the United States, he
shall also have authority to issue United States
stock for any part of this amount of $20,000,000;
that both the stock and the Treasury notes issued
shall not together exceed $20,000,000; and that
no stock shall be issued below par.
This will be a precedent for the Government in
future time, and stand upon the authority of the
Democratic Administration of this year. There
has been no bill passed of this character, under a
similar condition of the country; and every pre-
vious bill, giving the President authority to issue
Treasurynotes,has proceeded and been defended
upon the admitted fact that a loan was impracti-
cable at the time of the issue of the notes. Now
this will be as a precedent, that if the Treasury
notes be issued, a loan will, at the same time, be
authorized; and, if the act shall be temporary in
its character, that it may extend two years instead
of one.
As for the authority upon which the Democrats
upon this side of the House stand, to which the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] alluded, I
ask leave to read to him the words of one stand-
ing in the position of authority to that gentleman
and his friends. I read an extract from a letter
of Andrew Jackson, to the editor of the Globe,
dated July 23, 1837. He says:
"I hope no Treasury notes will be issued. The Treas-
ury drafts upon actual deposits are constitutional, and do
not partake of paper credits, as Treasury notes, which aie
subject to depreciation by merchant? and banks, and.shavers
and biokeis, and will be, if issued; and the Government
cannot avoid it."
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed to tho amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts. I
think, however, that it presents to the committee
the real point in controversy. There are certain
gentlemen here who advocate a loan in preference
to the issue of Treasury notes. Well, if the
amendment really has the effect of providing for
a loan, redeemable in twelve months, it will be
identically the same as if you carry out the policy
proposed in the bill. It is the same as the bill,
exccpt that the matter is to be. left at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury; but
if you were to adopt the bill in the shape pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, I
take it that capitalists would hesitate to take tho
notes, because they would prefer a loan for a
long time.
Now, let us see how it will operate. The times
are hard, and I have no doubt that those who
have money with which to make investments de-
sire a movement of this kind. If the Secretary
of the Treasury shall be compelled to take a loan
for ten or twenty years, capitalists will come for-
ward and take the stock, perhaps at par or a little
more. In six or twelve months, when money
matters get easier, these stocks will go up ten,
fifteen, and perhaps twenty per cent., and will be
sold in England and elsewhere, and several mil-
lions of dollars will be realized by these capital-
ists. Well, your debt is then outstanding, and
some two, three, or four years hence, when we
have a surplus in the Treasury, the Secretary of the
Treasury will be authorized to buy in the stock,
and he will have to give a premium of twenty per
cent, for it, and the men who hold it will derive
a further advantage from it. The effect of the
amendment, therefore, would be to enable capital-
ists to make large sums of money at the expense
of the Government. I do not say that that is the
