1858,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289
mil thai a majority of the people are not in its ;
favor. What permanent advantage will, in that
case, accrue1 is it believed that it will give peace
to Kansas to force her into the Union with a con- ;
stitution which she has unmistakably repudiated :
by her vote of 4th January? . , . !
Let me here quote from Governor Wise s letter, i
In answer to the deceptive suggestion that the ;
people of Kansas may at cuce repudiate the con-
* sutuuon, when Cougiess accepts it, and they have ;
acquired Stan- r>overe_ignty, the Governor says: ;
" fn other \vt>!<b. Con«fie-^ is to do a thing m order thai ;
it may l>e immeitnfh nednre ! Why do it to he undone ? t
Is Conine-* to gi\e \U" Terntory a constitution obnoxious ;
to a majority, m order Thai that mmonty may have State .
sovereignty to put it m t!i*  tortuieof it* indignation ? Why ;
not r.itlier iillow th" people, directly and at once, 1
to select for tlrm-elve? the foim of government they pie- ;
fer, instead of Milniuum  to their passions an instrument ,
which the argument admits they abhor." ;
The Governor pu's a case to show that now it
is the southern bull that is goring the anti-slavery jl
ox Supposing the majority in the Territory were t
pro-slavery, the minority anti-slavery, and the j
minority were oppressing the majority, as now m
Kansas, he asks what would be the consequence, ;
and thus answers: 1
<c I telJ you that every southern man would have been m
arms, and would be rmWd to the sdieddui" ofbiood, rather j
than submit to Congress fastening upon a majority ot pro- t
slavery people an arbitrary n^cnpi of a mure convention, '
unauthorized to proclaim its constitution without an e.vpi ess
grant."
Supposing further that the swindle should be ;
forced through Congress, the Governor goes on ;
to predict the consequences: .
"The uiteuor effects uf adopting the Ltromptcn con-n-
tution, with its schedule annexed, will he woi^e than re-
ferring back the question to teimonal th-c^ion. ft will
arraign this Admuu-uaiion and the Detiiootaoy and tiie
South fur demanding more than is nglu, and ioi foicin^ u*-
sistance to wroii" It will be jasging the hon of a majority
whilst the hand of a minority is m his mouth. It u ill return
the chalice to our own hp* when the Kansas question again
and again arises in North rfVva=,in New Mexico, in Manila
Valley, and in all our boundless domain of unsettled and ta-a
settling territory. It will dnve from us thousands ot honest ,
Democrats in the Nuitli, who would willingly stand by us
for justice and equality, hut who mu-t leave us when we
demand more, and refuse justice and equality to otheis. It 1
will raise the Black Republican flag over the Capitol, in the
next struggle forpowei,and that then will raist* the last
dread issue of union or disunion1 Are not some aiming to
dnve us to such extremities as will rai.se that i*sue past
being laid."
No one can doubt Governor Wise's devotion
to the South,and all hei interests and institutions.
His long and distinguished public services have
given evidence of this, and entitle his opinions
on this question to great weight.
The Memphis (Tennessee) Eagle of the 4th
instant repeats, " m the most earnest manner, that
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution is a preepdent fraught with immi-
nent peril to the South. There are gieat const!
tutional landmarks Greeted by the fatheis of the
Republic by wlu«'h the priceless blessings of lib-
erty and law are perpetuated to after times. But
breakdown those haulers against illegal party
enactments, und the future will bring nothing but
anarchy and mui." The New Orleans Kiuietm,
one of the most sellable and steadfast btate-rights
journals in the Sou! ii, in reterring to the jLecoinp-
ton constitution,say
" While dentin" that K;m<a> m.i\ be ."ini'Jed, m o«d<>r
to get rid of the whole ve.\e<l que-tiou, we tia:ikiy eoisi.:s>
that we think the PifMdent 'ahor-- tinder a 'grave eisoi'
in thinking that On- m-m anient lepse-eiii^ the r.-al v. is'i^
of Kansas m any p'up'M sen-e. It seem-- to uv clear as
noon-day that it dnp-s not. The testimony on thi> point
comes from vauous <ouice«. and is entiielveoe'JnHve that
the people of K.uwt-. do not recognize tht^ in-n iiaciu as
then?, do not approve it, and do not \vi?h to route u:to the
Union under it. Shall they be toreed to 5 nut of twenty
newspapers or theieabout-^ pubh.-bfd in the 'JVii.toiv, only
one, it is alleged and not conttad'ctod, is m favoi of the
Lecompton con.-tnution. The State othcers ju>t elected
under this constitution have formally protected a«aiu-t ud-
mission undei it.
" Was such a phenomenon ever before witnessed m ilu«-
country of forcing a Territory into the l:inon a:Mm>i the
solemn protect of'(•* public repic&entatives, of its public
pr"?s of thteo fourths,at least,of ib, voters? And was such
a threat ever hefoie heard, tliat unlo«? Kaih-a*- be nor. thu^
fotced in against her will, the Union be di-solved?
Oul why did not the ieirai voters, of Kun-as exercise their
elective franchi-e when they could have done it > 'I he
Present, it -eons t«  u<?, is in a mighty fog upon this powil.
The'real iea&«iMi seem* beyond dispute, woa Ui.u they
thought thev could not do so without >tuiiuying them-
selve- Thev weie actually compelled to \ote for the con-
stiumun or not at all. However obi.o.u.ms pmuon, o tlu
itistiiuneni might lie to them, tliuy «i-i« ut.ligeil to \ot< tor
u or not vote at all.
None know better than those in < ingress who oppo.r I
the Leeompton instrument that the quo.. ion of slavet 5 «)i no
s-lavery m Kansas is not,in fact, involved m the quos-uon of
its recaption at all. That question was settled ioegago.
Wise, Shiugfeflow, and every otln^ southern man, know
tineas well as the Black Republican-!, do. The rejection of tne
Lecompton instrument, if lejected at all, will be due to the
failure of its friends to submit it to the legal voter0 of the Ter-
ritory ; and they foolishly refused to submit it, because they
undoubtedly felt sure that it would bo indignantly rejected
by them. And yet we are told that if Kansas be not ad-
mitted into the Union under this extraouhnary and unpre-
cedented state of thing*, it will show a settled purpose on
the paitof the N'oith to admit no more slave Ftates, and^
will be good giound upon which to (ii^solve the Union. IS
the politician^ attempt thiv latter game, weimagme the peo-
ple will have a woid to say m the matter."
Many of the pro-slavery journals of Missouri
are very severe upon the Lecompton constitution.
The Northwest Democrat, published at Savan-
nah, Missouii, 1ms the following comments on the
subject:
" As tor our<elve>, as citizens of a slave State, and op-
posed to the nmtation of thatk pestileious question' bete,
we should have pie'erted similar institutions for our neigh-
boun« Territory , but we say frankly we are not, and have
never been in favoi of forcing that, or any other institution
on them, against their sovereign will. We go further. The
late election, which appeals to have been as fair as tin; na-
tme of the case would admit, indicates a large tree-State
m.tionty, and that being so, as is generally admitted, that
maiouty should havo the undoubted democratic light of
molding their own institutions to suit themselves.
" We think the convention gravely em:d 111 refusing to
submit their work to the voice of the people to be governed
bv it. To deprive the people of their inherent right of pass-
ing on their oisjanic law, is to strike at the very iounddnon
of our Government, and the attempt must piovc futile. As
well attempt to <tav the waters ot Niagara with a leather,
a-^ to stem the will of the majority with mere parchment. It
would have been better policy, because more eorreetin prin-
ciple, for tlie whole const 1 tut .on to have been voted on direct,
ay or nay; and if the majonty voted it down—there let it
hiy. To sav thev shall 4 not vote at all,'beciu>e it e-feated
they are opposed to it, 1- to concede at once that it does not
spung fiom the popular will And if that is so, vam will he
: every expedient to stave off the inevitable icsult. ft will be
onlv a question of time ; vooner 01 later the popular toirent,
' gatheimg onlv additional impetus by the attempted ob^tiue-
rion. will bieak tluough everv barrier, and irresistibly vin-
dicate that great axiom of our Government—the nght of the
majority to rule."
Gentlemen will be deceived if they hope to
strengthen the South m this manner. Instead of
strengthening thu South, you will prostrate the
i northern Democracy, throwing them into a min-
1 oritv in eveiy free State in the Union. You will
; render powerless a class of men who have always
j stood firm and unwavering in defending the rights
! guarantied to the South by the compromises of
! the Constitution. Stake down the national De-
■ mocracy of the North, and where is the safety of
! the South r Where is the safety of the Union?
The perpetuity of the Union depends on the con-
| seivative doctrines and principles of the Demo-
, ciatic partv being in the ascendant. I am-sur-
i prised to 'find gentlemen from the South so
strenuous in having a free and a slave State admit-
: ted at the same time into the Union, and seeming
. to fancy thai this course is necessary in order to
protect'them in their right--? ah{} to preventaggres-
fcicv.h frnni the North ujion their domestic institu-
tion. 1
: Their security is not m this. It lies in tne deep
; devotion of tlie northern Democracy to sustain
1 and sacredly protect a!! tne lights conferred by
•the Constitution upon every part of our Union:
not as conferir-g a fuvor, but as fulfilling an obli-
gation under \\ Inch we v.vie placed by our fath-
ers, who achieved for us Lberty and independ-
ence, and framed for us a Constitution which, if
we are true to ourselvs and worthy of being their
: descendants, we shall eheiish and preserve at ail
i U'mi\ GARNETT tlien obtained the floor; but
yielded it to ,
! Mr. BONHA.M, who moved that the commit-
, tee rise.
Tlie motion was agreed to.
i • So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
1 resumed the chair, -Mi. R«c ock reported that uie
1 C.immitte.: nf tl.c Whole on the state of the Union
h;ul srcordih" 10 order, had the state of the Union
! t'enerf'Uv undei consideration, and particularly
I th- bill (IT 11 N" 30G) to supply dehctencies m
i the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
| year emlnk the  Mh of June, !Ma8, and had come
:j to no coiielu^iou thereon , p,
1 And then, on motion of Mr. I t.Y I> (at f.f-
j teen minutes p.ist iiiuc, p. m.,) tne ijouse ad-
|] journed till iMoiuluy next.
IN SENATE.
Monjjay, March 53, 1858.
Prayer bj' Re%r A. Hoi.mead.
The Journal ofSaturday was read andapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid beforethe Senate
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting a report of John Claiborne, special agem
appointed by the Commissioner of X'atents, to col-
lect infon.i.itiou in relation to the consumption of
cotton in Europe; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED. tT
The bill (No. 313) to provide for the organiza-
tion of a regiment of mounted volunters for the de-
fense of the frontiers of Texas, and to authorize
the President to call into the service of the United
States four additional regiments of volunteers,
was read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill for the
admission of the State of Kansas into the Union
was made the special order for ten o'clock to-day.
If, however, Senators have* petitions to present,
or reports from standing committees, and insist
upon it, they must be received.
Mr. BRODERICK presented the memorial of
Andrew Glassell, praying compensation for serv-
ices as assistant United States district attorney
for the northern district of California in the year
1856; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
ADMISSION OP LADIES.
Mr. SEWARD. There are a great number of
, persons attending who take an interest in this de-
; bate, and 1 move that the rules be suspended so
that ladies may have the privilege of access to the
floor.
Mr. PEARCE. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rules cannot
be suspended, except by unanimous consent.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 161)
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union.
Mr. STUART spoke for nearly three hours in
opposition to the admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution.
Mr. BAYARD entered into the general argu-
ment in support of the bill.
Mr. BRODERICK followed in opposition to
■ the bill; and, at the close of his remarks, theSen-
i ate took a recess until seven o'clock.
! On reassembling, Mr. DOUGLAS proceeded to
: address the Senate; and he occupied its attention
' for three hours in a general review of the various
! topics that enter into the Kansas controversy,
i Mr. TOOMBS replied, and his observations
j elicited comments from Mr. King and Mr. Stu-
| AR[Tl*>ese speeches will be published in the Ap-
i prndix ]
At o. ere ii o'clock the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 29,1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Dean.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HICKMAN. It has been brought to my
notice that in the proceedings of the House of the
L2th instant, reported in the D.uly Globe of the
13th instant, my colleague [Mr. Phillips] an-
nounced to the "House,"that in consequence of
indisposition I was absent from the House, and
had paired off with Mr. S'Ckles. At the same
time, or immediately thereaUer, Mr. Shorter an-
nounced that I had paired off with Mr. Moore.
I desire to say that I paired off with Mr. Fickle,
on that occasion, and not with Mr. Mouitk.
JOHN W. WOLCOTT.
Mr. STEPHENS, ot'Georgn. I wish to offer
to the House a resolution, relating to the case o.
