1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecomplon Constitution—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
what becomes of the sovereignty of the States ?
When the time comes that a Senator is to account
to the Executive and not to his State, whom does
he represent ? If the will of my State is one way,
and the will of the President is the other, am I to
be told that I must obey the Executive and betray
my State, or else be branded as a traitor to the
party, and hunted down by all the newspapers
that share the patronage of the Government, and
every man who holds a petty office in any part of
my State to have the question put to him, " Are
you Douglas's enemy? if not," yourhead comes
off." Why? " Because he is a recreant Sena-
tor; because he chooses to follow his judgment
and iiis conscience, and represent his State instead
of obeying my executive behest.'' I should like
to know what is the use of Congresses, what is
the use of Senates and Houses of Representatives,
when their highest duty is to obey the Executive
in disregard of the wishes, rights, and honor of
their constituents. What despotism on earth
would be equal to this, if you establish the doc-
trine that the Executive has a right to command
the votes, the consciences, the judgments of the
Senators, and of the Representatives, instead of
their constituents? In old England, whose op-
pressions we thought intolerable, an Administra-
tion is hurled from power in an hour when voted
down by the representatives of the people upon
a Government measure. If the rule of old Eng-
land applied here, this Cabinet would have gone
out of office when the Army bill was voted down,
the other day, in the House of Representatives.
There, in that monarchical country, where they
have a Queen by divine right, and lords by the
grace of God, and where republicanism is sup-
posed to have but a slight foothold, the repre-
sentatives of the people can check the Throne,
restrain the Government, change the Ministry,
and give a new direction to the policy of the Gov-
ernment, without being accountable to the King
or the Q.ueen. There the representatives of the
people are responsible to their constituents.
Across the channel, under Louis Napoleon, it |
may be otherwise; yet I doubt whether it would
be so boldly proclaimed there that a man is a
traitor for daring to vote according to his sense of
duty, according to the will Of his State, according
to the interests of his constituents.
Suppose the Executive should tell the Senator
from California [Mr. Gwrtj] to vote against his
Pacific railroad bill: would lie obey? If not, he
will be deemed a rebel. Suppose the Executive
should tell the Senator from Virgina [Mr. Mason]
to vote for the Pacific railroad bill, or the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] to vote for the Army
bill, or the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
to sustain him on the neutrality laws: wo should
have more rebels and more traitors. But it is said
a dispensation is granted, from the fountain of all
power, for rebellion on all subjects but one. The
President says, in effect, " do as you please on
all questions but one;" that one is Lecompton.
On what principle is it that we must not judge
for ourselves on this measure, and may on every-
thing else? I suppose it is on the old adage that
a man needs no friends when he knows he is right,
and he only wants his friends to stand by him
when he is wrong. The President says that he
regrets this constitution was not submitted to the
people, although he knows that if it had been sub-
mitted it would have been rejected. Hence the
President regrets that it was not rejected. Would
he regret that it was not submitted and rejected, if
he did not think it was wrong ? And yet he de-
mands our assistance in forcing it on unwilling
people, and threatens vengeance on all who re-
fuse obedience. He recommends the Army bill;
he thinks it necessary to carry on the Mormon
war; it is nccessary to carry out a measure of the
Administration, and hence it is an Administration
measure; but he does not quarrel with anybody
for voting against it. He thinks every one of the
other recommendations to which I have alluded
is right, and therefore there is no harm in going
against them. The only harm is in going against
that which the President acknowledges to be
wrong; and yet this system of proscription, to
subdue men to abject obedience to executive will,
is to be pursued.
Is it seriously intended to brand every Dem-
ocrat in the United States as a traitor who is op-
posed to the Lecompton constitution ? If so, do
your friends in Pennsylvania desire any traitors
to vote with them next fall ? We are traitors if
we vote against Lecompton; our constituents are
traitors if they do not think Lecompton is right;
and yet you expect those whom you call traitors
to vote with and sustain you. Are you to read
out of the party every man who thinks it wrong
to force a constitution on a people against their
will? If so, what will be the size of the Admin-
istration party in New York? what will it be in
Pennsylvania? how many will it number in Ohio,
or in Indiana, or in Illinois, or in any other north-
ern State ? Surely you do not expect the support
of those whom you brand as renegades! Would
it not be well to allow all freemen freedom of
thought, freedom of speech, and freedom of ac-
tion ? Would it not be well to allow each Senator
and Representative to vote according to his judg-
ment, and perform his duty according to his own
sense of his obligation to himself, and to his State,
and to his God ?
For my own part, Mr. President, come what
may, I intend to vote, speak, and act, according
to my own sense of duty, so long as I hold aseat
in this Chamber. I have no defense to make of
my Democracy. I have no professions to make
of my fidelity. I have no vindication to make of
my course. Let it speak for itself. The insinu-
ation that I am acting with the Republicans, or
Americans, has no terror, and will not drive me
from my duty or propriety. It is an argument
for which I have no respect. When I saw the
Senator from Virginia acting with the Republi-
cans on the neutrality laws, in support of the
President, I did not feel it to be my duty to taunt
him with voting with those to whom he happened
to be opposed in general politics. When I saw
the Senator from Georgia acting with the Repub-
licans upon the Army bill, it did not impair my
confidence in his fidelity to principle. When I
see Senators here every day acting with the Re-
publicans on various questions, it only shows me
that they have independence and self-respect
enough to go according to their own convictions
of duty without being influenced by the course of
others.
I have no professions to make upon any of
these points. I intend to perform my duty in ac-
cordance with my own convictions. Neither the
frowns of power nor the influence of patronage
will change my action, or drive me from my
principles. I stand firmly, immovably upon those
great principles of self-government and State sov-
ereignty upon which the campaign was fought
and the election won. I stand by the time-hon-
ored principles of the Democratic party, illus-
trated by Jefferson and Jackson; those principles
of State rights, of State sovereignty, of strict
construction, on which the great Democratic
party has ever stood. I will stand by the Con-
stitution of the United States, with all its compro-
mises, and perform all my obligations under it.
I will stand by the American Union as it exists
under the Constitution. If, standing firmly by my
principles, I shall be driven into private life, it is
a fate that has no terrors forme. I prefer private
life, preserving my own self-respect and man-
hood, to abject and servile submission to execu-
tive will. If the alternative be private life or ser-
vile obedience to executive will, I am prepared to
retire. Official position has no charms for me
when deprived of that freedom of thought and
action whioh becomes agentleman and a Senator.
Mr. President, I owe an apology to the Senate
for the desultory manner in which I have dis-
cussed this question. My health has been so
feeble for some time past that I have not been
able to arrange my thoughts or the order in which
they should be presented. If, in the heat of de-
bate, I have expressed a sentiment which would
seem to be unkind or disrespectful to any Sen-
ator, I shall regret it. While I intend to main-
tain, firmly and fearlessly, my own views, far be
it from me to impugn the motives or question the
propriety of the action of any other Senator. I
take it for granted that each Senator will obey
the dictates of his own conscience, and will be
accountable to his constituents for the course
which he may think proper to pursue.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall detain the Senate but
a few minutes. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois having declined to address the Senate in the
earlier stages of the debate on this bill, and hav-
ing been prevented by providential causes from
addressing it within the last few days, it had not
been my purpose, as it would have been my pleas-
ure, to respond to some of the points which I un-
derstood he had, in the early part of the session,
advanced against this measure. I did not intend,
on this occasion, to do so; but that Senator hav-
ing arraigned, in my judgment, and unjustly ar-
raigned, the section of this Union from which I
come, for the purpose of his own defense, I desire
to be heard for a short time upon his course, and
in vindication of theirs.
The last two hours of the Senator's speech have
been devoted to two single points. The first was
an article in the Washington Union of the 17th
of November. I should have let the Senatorsetlle
his difficulty with that newspaper in his own way,
either here or elsewhere; and I think it would have
been more consistent with the dignity of the Sen-
ate and of the subject to settle it elsewhere than
here. Still, it would have brought no comment
from me, I should have stood the infliction, if the
Senator had not connected my own section of
the country with that article in the Washington
Union.
Mr. President, no man in this body knows bet-
ter than the Senator from Illinois that no such
principle as he attacked has ever been asserted
by a single slaveholding State in this Union, or a
, single Representative of the slaveholding States.
If they have, I demand of that Senator now to
say so. Sir, they have not. He cannot show
that one of those States, through any of its au-
thorized organs, not even though its newspapers,
through none of its Senators, and through none
of its Representatives, has ever asserted the right
to carry slaves into a sovereign State against its
constitution. This being so, he has spent one
hour of his speech in order to make capital in Illi-
nois, and that is all. That is the beginning and
the end of it. That Senator has no right to ar-
raign my constituents or the men of the South for
an article in the Washington Union—none, sir,
none. He has not a right to make it the occa-
sion of making capital for himself, by seeming to
be the defender of the principles of the constitu-
tions of the free States, when no man at the South
has over assailed them. Ho defends what nobody
assails; and he assails what nobody defends.
The last hour of his speech was occupied in
defending his Democracy. Well, Mr. President,
I do not profess to sit in judgment over Demo-
crats; but I think his Democracy needs gome de-
fense, and probably that was time well spent. He
intimates that other gentlemen have abandoned
the party, when they voted against what he
chooses to call Administration measures. 1 have
never considered it necessary to defend myself
against that charge. I believe my friend from
Virginia has not; my friend from Mississippi has
not. We have voted as we pleased; we have ex-
ercised our rights as Senators; we have no griev-
ance with the Administration. They have rec-
ommended what, in their judgment, was thepuhlie
interest; we have voted for what we thought was
the public interest. The account has been settled;
neither side has a word to say. Why should the
Senator from Illinois take an hour and a half to
settle his account? There must be something
more in it than voting against Administration
measures. He must be dissatisfied with his own
position, or suppose that other people are. Sir,
I have no defense here to make to the Senate for
my votes; I have none to make to the Adminis-
tration; 1 have none to make anywhere, except
the reasons that I choose to give in my place in
the Senate; and I give them neither to newspa-
peis, nor to Presidents, nor to people. What I
have done is done; what I have said is said; there
stands the lecord; and I need no one hour, nor
two hours, to defend my conduct here, or any-
where else.
But, sir, I choose to review some of the reasons
which the honorable Senator has given for his
course, as I felt it my duty, during the progress
of his remarks, to take issue with him on one im-
portant fact connected with this matter. The
Senator started ten years ago, and said that in
1848 we voted to extend the Missouri compro-
i mise line to the Pacific. I admit it: but how
