2264
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
without (Observation. The general rule with us
has been to grant d. pension for a term of years,
or life, or widowhood. It is a departure from the
principle of the pension laws, to grant it in any
other circumstances. We are not making a mere
donation. It is for the support of the widow or
for the support of the minor children. Conse-
quently the pension ceases,in the case of a child,
when he or she reaches a given age, and in the
cage of the widow it ceases whenever she has any
other method of maintenance, so .that when she
is married again, and is supported by her hus-
band, then the bounty of the Government ought
to ce'ase. That is the principle of our pension
laws, and adopting any other is overthrowing the
whole system. 1 hope the Senate will see to it
that while we are passing this bill, to which, in
general, I have no objection, we do not introduce
a new element into a system Jiat is already over-
grown. As to th* suggestion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, that it discourages matrimony, I do
not think any woman, if she had a good offer,
would hesitate on the ground of $320 a year pen-
sion.
Mr. CLAY. I will say but a few words ex-
planatory of the purpose of this bill as I under-
stand it, and in support of the amendment winch
is proposed by the Senator fiom Ohio, which I
think is a very proper one. I will premise by
buying that, as is geneially understood by the Sen-
ate, I am against the whole pension system, re-
garding1 it, as I do. as opposed to the theory and
spirit of this Government and demoralizing m its
character. Under existing laws, pensions are not
allowed to the widows of officers of the Army
lukless they are killed in time of wur, or die of
wounds or disease contracted in war. in respect
to widows of otHccrs of the Navy, pensions are
..ranted them if they die in the service, even in
time of peace, in the line of thoir duty. If I am
incorrect in my representation of the ehnraeterof
this hill, the Senator from Connecticut wi!i inform
me. As I understand it, this hill is to place the
widows of officers of the Army on the same foot-
ing with the widows of officers of the Navy. Am
i ri«;ht in that?
Mr. FOSTER. There is in the bill no refer-
ence to the officers or to the law regulating pen-
sions for the Navy. It recognizes the existing
laws and extends the pensions to the widows of
officers and soldiery, where they are now by law
.'/ranted for five yeai s. It renews them and grants
them during widowhood,and possibly during life.
U has nu reference at all to the laws granting pen-
sions for the INavy.
Mr. CLAY. It does not extend, then, beyond
those who have drawn their pensions for live
years?
Mr. FOSTER. Not at all. It introduces no
new principle as regards* embracing cases not^m-
braced by existing laws.
Mr. CLAY. Then it does not make any new
cases, but only extends all existing cases ?
Mr. FOSTER. It renews those now existing,
Mr. CLAY." Well, I think the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio is a very proper
one, for the reasons which he has suggested. Ail
our pension system originally was based upon the
idea first of public service rendered by the invalid
pensioner himself,or, in case of a widow or minor
children, rendered by the ueccased husband and
father; and, further, upon the idea of either in-
firmity or disability to provide for themselves.
The Lws never contemplated providing for those
who con'd provide for themselves, or who ought
to be abie to provide for themselves. I think that,
so far from discouraging marriage, or being any
restraint on marriage, (as suggested by the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin,) it is rather a restraint upon
injudicious marriage. No woman ought to marry
a man unless she has some assurance that he can
provide for her; and no man ought to marry a
woman for the sake of the bounty which the Gov-
ernment gives her; and I think that whenever she
does marry, it ought to cease, both lor her sake
as well as for the Government. I do not believe
there is an instance on the statute-book, so far as
I know, unless it be on some of these special cases
—I know it is not in respect to any general law—
where a pension continues after a woman mar-
ries. The fraBiers of the law, therefore, seem to
have presumed that when she marries a man she
provides for herself. I trust that the amendment
will pscvail.
Mr. PUGH. As this bill, in this respect, is.
introducing a new system in the pension laws, 1
ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. The only reason which origin-
ally constituted the difference between the Army
and Navy has long since ceased to cxisfc; and I,
think there is now a stronger argument for allow-f
ing pensions to widows of officers and soldiers
of the Army than to those of the Navy itself. I
should be glad, therefore, if the bill went further
than it does, and put the families of officers of the
Army on the same footing with those of officers
of the Navy. The amendment, however, which
is pending, is to insert the words "or widow-
hood," the effect of which wouid be, in the event
of the marriage of a widow of an officer, that his
minor children would lose the support which had
/been previously granted to them by the Govern-
ment. This, I understand, my friend from Ala-
bama considers as proper, because, when a widow
gets married, she has provided a support. For
herself, perhaps she has; but it does not follow
that the children will be benefited. In nine cases
out of ten the children will be worse. So far,
therefore, as it is intended to withdraw the sup-
port ftom the minor children because the widow
has got married, I object to it.
Mr. PUGH. The proviso covers that. The
proviso at the bottom of the page, if the Senator
will look at it, provides that in case of marriage,
the pension may go to the minor children.
Mr. DAVIS. Does not the effect of the amend-
ment extend to them r
Mr. PUGtl. No, sir. If my amendment be
added to the hill, if a case of marriage occurs,
then the pension will go to the children under six-
teen years of age. The difficulty with the bill
as it now stands is, that if there are no children
under sixteen years, it will then continue to the
woman, notwithstanding her second marriage.
That is what i propose to cut off.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 agree to C
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am opposed to this
restriction altogether. We have had a great many
conventions of late to settle and determine the
rights of women; hut there is one right which has
long been universally conceded, and that is the
right of marrying. Laws in restraint of marriage
are always considered odious; and from the time
that I read of the great Shakspeare, who loft to
his wife her choice of his bed and some other little
article during her widowhood, I have felt an in-
vincible repugnance to all the attempts made by
testators to tie up their widows from marrying,
by saying they shall have so much during their
widowhood, and when they please to marry again,
andaa-tbrm a part of the great social body, they
shalPcease to have it. Now sir, there is not much
policy in this; all the policy is a little saving of
a little money. If you wish to benefit the widow,
a;ive her the pension and let her marry with it.
You say it shall go to herchildren when she mar-
ries. 'through whose hands shall it reach those
minor children? Is some guardian to be ap-
pointed? Who is so good a guardian, who so reli-
able and faithful a guardian, as the mother, even if
the children are the objects of your bounty ? You
say it will not be under her control; the husband
will control it. That is according to her pleasure;
and do you expect by law to substitute a "better
: security for minor children than is to be found in
! the affections of a mother? Do you expect bylaw
1 a better Security than that which is founded in a
' mother's heart? You will be mistaken if you do.
i They may be unfortunate in these marriages,
i The husband may be a reckless, careless, poor
i character; but the mother can at all times stop
! him from intermeddling with this pension; it is
1 her separate property; and there is no court of
; chancery which would not restrain him from re-
ceiving it upon any lepresentatiou of his un worthi-
! ness or his abuse of such a trust./What greater
! secuuty can you have? It will redound in her
hands to the greater advantage of the children than
any disposition you can make. You reward her
for the loss of one husband, by telling her she
shall never have another. This, { think, upon a
moment's consideration, will be seen to be con-
trary to sound policy and the dictates of justice,
as well as the dictates of the heart of every Sen-
ator here. I hope this amendment will not prc-
| vail, but that the widow will be permitted to en
jay, married or unmarricdjthe little jtetwi&n whicl
you have bestowed u on her for the life of the
husband she has jost. f
The question bmigrTaken upon the amendment
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas25, nays 27; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. A'len, Bayard, Bell. Benjamin, Brown,
Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitzpatriek, Green, Hammond,
Henderson, I verson, Johnson ol Arkansas, Johnson otTen-
nessee, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Pngh, Ric«, Slidell, Thomson
of Npw Jer-sny, Toombs, and Wright—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Brodeuck, Cameron, Chandler,
Ckuk, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon. Doolittle, Durkee,
Foot, foster, Hale, Hamlm. Hat Ian. Houston, Jonen, Ken-
nedy, King, Mallory, Sewaid, Shields, Simmons, Stuait,
Tinmbull, Wade, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bilj was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the thiid time, and passed.
JENNETT H. M'CALL.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senate to take up a
little bill for the relief of Jennett H. McCall, to
which the Senator from Alabama objected, but
his objection is withdrawn, and I presume we
may now pass it without difficulty.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 130)
was lead a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Jennett H. McCall, only child of Captain
James McCall, of General Pickens's brigade, in
the South Carolina regiment, during the war of
the Revolution, the seven years' half pay of acap-
tain,as allowed by the icsolution of Congress
passed August 24, J"7SO, amounting to $2,li0.
The petitioner is an a<jed woman, eighty-six
years old, and from herinfancy has labored under
a deformity in her feet. She is the only child and
heir of James McCall, known in the history of
the revolutionary war, in South Carolina and
Georgia, as Colonel James McCall. It appears
from the history of Georgia, and from other re-
liable sources, that he served with distinction
and singular bravery in both of those States du-
ring a large portion of the war, and was in nearly
all the battles which were fouj?h t there during the
invasion and possession by the British army. Du-
ring the greater pai t of the time he was only a mi-
litia officer, under the command of Genera! Pick-
ens, but it is Relieved, although no very conclusive
evidence of the fact can now be obtained, that
when the new organization of the Army took place
in the fall of 1780, he was appointed to a com-
mand in one of the three regiments ordered to be
raised in South Carolina as her part of the conti-
nental army, as it is said, in the history of the
times, ho commanded the new levies of that
State at the battle of the Cowpews, where Morgan
obtained a signal victory over Tarlion. In his
accounts, copies of which have been furnished
from the comptroller's office, of South Carolina,
he is styled sometimes captain, and sometimes
colonel. The latter title was probably a militia
title,as the service was pciformed under General
Pickens, a militia general. His lank in the new
continental le^iment of the Sidle of South Caro-
lina was probably that of a captain. The com-
mittee do not, under the evidence of the facts of
the case, feel authorized to give him any higher
rank. It appears, satisfactorily, that in the dis-
charge of his military duty he was attacked with
the small-pox, of which he died in the year 1781.
The committee are therefore of opinion that the
petitioner is entitled to the seven years' half pay
of her father, she being, at the time of his death,
only eleven years of age.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, icad the third time, and passed.
TRANCES ANN JNl'CAULEY.
Mr. JONES. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill for the relief of Mrs. Frances Ann McCau-
ley, to which the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Greex] objected the otherday, but he has waived
his objection.
Mr. GREEN. I have examined the law. I see
the bid is ri^ht, and I withdraw the objection.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 223)
for the relief Frances Ann McCauley was read
the second tune, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Ii directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Fiances Ann McCauley, widow of Daniel S.
McCauley, deceased, late consul-general of the
h United States at Afexandria, in Egypt, ^4j200,
