154
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
intention of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
for X believe it is not; but the effect would be to
enable them to make large profits without the
Government or the country deriving any corre-
sponding advantage. I am, therefore, opposed to
the amendment. Let us make these Treasury
notes redeemable in twelve months. By that time
the Government will probably have means to re-
deem them, and in a year or two probably they
will all be brought in. But if you provide for a
loan, or the issue of Treasury notes, the capital-
ists will not take the notes. They will hold back
and tell the Secretary that his notes will not go,
and that he must have a loan for ten or twenty
years.
Gentlemen have said, during this discussion,
that the Secretary of the Treasury has made a
very great mistake. Well, if that be so, I am
not willing to trust him with this discretion, for
he may make another mistake. I do not say that
he has made a mistake; but gentlemen say he
committed a blander by buying up Government
stocks at a premium, and they ought not, there-
fore, to desire to trust him. I am opposed to the
amendment, therefore, for the reason that, if you
put in the alternative, you cripple the proposi-
tion for the issue of Treasury notes. I hope we
shall stand by the bill as we have nowgot it, and
that we shall have a vote at once upon the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I moveto strike
out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Letusvote on this amend-
ment first.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. As it is desired
to take avote on this amendment, I withdraw the
motion for the present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for
tellers on the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor of
New York, and Wasiibckne of Illinois, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 103.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I request the
gentleman from Mississippi to withdraw his mo-
tion till 1 oiler an amendment Jio the second sec-
tion; I wish to offer it in good faith and have it
voled qii. It will take but a few moments.
Mr. BOCOCK. If any gentleman on the other
side has a real bona fide amendment to offer, I think
he will be allowed to ofi'er it, and have a test vote
upon it. And, then, when these test amendments
are offered and decided, we can come to a vote on
the bill.
Mr. BARKSDALP,. 1 would like to accom-
modate the gentleman from Maine, but 1 think
that the best course for the House to pursue
would lie to strike out the enacting clause, and
put the bill on its passage.
Mr. CAMPBELL I understand the gentle-
man from Mississippi refuses to withdraw his
motion to strike out ihe enacting clause. Does
the gentleman propose to speak ins five minutes
on the proposition to amend?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then 1 have a word or two
to say against the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not an amendment.
It is a motion to strike outtheenactingclause, and,
in the opinion of the Chair, is not debatable.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I submit that it is a propo-
sition to amend the bill by striking out the enact-
ing clause.
The CHAIRMAN The motion to strike out
the enacting clause takes precedence of ail amend-
ment, and is not of the nature of an amendment,
for it is for the purpose of withdrawing the bill.
The Chair therefore rules that the motion is not
debatable.
Mr. CAMPBELL, f think that the rule re-
ferred to by the Cflair is 'not applicable at all to
proceedings in Committee of the Whole on the.
state of the U nion. It certainly never was designed
that the previous question should prevail practi-
cally in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I submit that discussion
is out of order. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so ruled. I
Mr BARKSDALE. This plan has been re-
peatedly pursued during the last two Congresses.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to ap-
peal to the gentleman from Mississippi to with-
draw that motion but for a single moment. I have
an amendment which I wish to offer in good faith,
and have it voted on.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The committee can vote
down my motion if it choose to do so, but I refuse
to withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The Chair has
decided that a motion to strike out is in order.
Prom that decision of the Chair I respectfully
take an appearand I will state the grounds of my
appeal. The Chair, if I understand him, decides
that the motion is in order, under the 119th rule.
This rule is:
<• A motion to strike out the enacting words of a bill s'lall
have precedence of a motion to amend ; and, if carried,
shall bo considered equivalent to its rejection."
That rule was adopted in 1822. Now, I under-
stand that any subsequent rule or law that is in-
consistent with this rule must modify and change,
or abrogate it. I call the attention of the Chair
to the 34th rule, adopted in 1847, and which, I
submit, in view of its inconsistency with the 119 th
rule, adopted in 1822, changes or repeals that rule.
"34. No member shall occupy moietlian one hour m
debate on <uiy question in the House or in committee; but
a member reporting the measure under consideration from
a committee, may open and clo>e the debate : Provided,
That where debate is closed by older of the House, any
member shall be allowed, in committee, five minutes to
explain any amendment he may offer, after which any
member who shall first obtain the floor shall be allowed to
speak five minutes in opposition to it, and there shall be
no further debate on the amendment; but the <?aine priv-
ilege on debate shall be allowed in favor of and against any
amendment that may be offered to the amendment."
Now, I desire, under the rule that I have read,
to offer an amendment to this bill. The rule pro-
vides that I shall have an opportunity to offer it,
and shall have an opportunity to speak five min-
utes to it. The gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Barksdale,] invoking the aid of a rule es-
tablished twenty years before that, says that I
shall be prevented from offering my amendment.
It is a right granted to me by the rule of the
House, established in 1847.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, Is it in order
for me to say anything in reply to the gentleman
from Maine?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Does the Chair
say that the question is not debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chan-says thatunder
the rules it is not debatable.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I desire
to inquire why the gentleman from Maine was
allowed to make a speech, while 1 am not allowed
to reply to it. 1 know the question is not debat-
able; but, as iic made a speech, 1 desired to make
one too.
The CHAIRMAN. The 119th rule provides
that a motion to strike out the enacting words of a
bill shall have precedence of a motion to amend,
and if carried, shall be considered equivalent to its
rejection.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the committee
do now ruse.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. What has be-
! come of my appeal?
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did notunder-
! stand the gentleman as appealing.
Air. WASHBURN, of Maine. I did appeal.
| The CHAIRMAN. Very well; the appeal will
j be entertained. From the decision of the Chair
i on the point of order made by the gentleman from
| Maine, thatgentlemantakesanappeal. Thcqucs-
• tion is, 44 Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee?55
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Letcher
and Lovejoy were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported :
—ayes one hundred and eight, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question then recurred on Mr. Barks-
dale's motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Phelps reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly Senate bill
(No. 13) to authorize the issue of Treasury notes;
and had directed him to report the same back to
the House, with the recommendation that the
enacting clause be stricken out.
_ Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I suppose the ques-
tion before the House will be upon concurring in
the recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole in striking out the enacting clause.
The SPEAKER. That wilt be the first ques-
tion. #
^ Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope that mo-
tion will not prevail. I call the previous question
upon it.
The previous question was seconded*, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The House then refused to strike out the enact-
ing clause of the bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved the previous
question upon ordering the bill to a third reading.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading.
Mr. J". GLANCY JONES moved the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. J31LLINGHURST demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Biyan, Burnett, Barns, Caskie, Chapman, Ezra Clark,
JohnB. Clark, Clay, Clemens,Clingman, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Cockeiill, Comins, Cox, James Craig, BuitonCiaige,
Ciawford, Cuny, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Dean, De-
wait, Dimrmek, Dowdell, Eiimundson, Elliott, Eustis,
Faulkner, Florence, Foley,Garttell, Gilhs, Gilmer. Goode,
Giccmvood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawience W. I-Iall, J. Mor-
nson Harris, Ha.-km, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Houston,
Hughes, Iluyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett. J. Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Lamar, Landy, Letcher,
Mclvibbin, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynaid,
Mile-*, Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Moore, Edwaid Joy
Moins, Isaac N. Morns, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Phillips, Ready, Reagan, Reiiiy, Kicaud, Ituflin,
Russell, Sandtdge, Scales, Scott, Sewaid, Aaion Shaw,
IleniyM. Shaw, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith. Wil-
liam Smith, Stalhvoith, Stephens, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer,
Ward, Watkins, White, Whiteloy, Wilson, Winslow,
Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and John V.
Wright—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Banks, Bennett, Bil-
lmglmr«t, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Biayton, Buffinton, Bur-
hngame, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, dawson,
Claik B. Cochiane, Colfax, Ciagtn,Curtis, Damrell, Davis
of Maryland, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davi* of Iowa, Dawes, Dick, Dodd, Duifeo, Fenfon, Fos-
ter, Gilman, Goodwin, Giangci, Grow, RobeitB. Hail, IJar-
1.m, Thomas L. Il.uns, Ilo.ud, Hortou, Ilowaid, Geoige
W.Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kdgore, Knapp, Jacob M. Kun-
kel, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Letter, Lovejoy, Ilumphiey
Marshall, .Morgan, Mornll, Fiecman 11. Morse, Ohvei A.
Morse, Mott, Nichols, Palmei, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Puiviance. Quitman, Ritchie, Robbms, Kovce. John
Sherman, Jud&on W. Sheiman, Spinuer,Stantonj William
Stewart, Tappan, Thompson, Tompkins, Undei wood. Wnl-
bndgc, Waldion, Walton, Warren, Cadwaladcr C. Way-
bill no, Eihhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Zolh-
cofter— $>.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the vote
by which the bill passed be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House procecd to the business on the Speak-
er's table. My purpose is to take up the Senate
resolution for a recess.
Mr, STANTON. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. STANTON. I submit that the House
has had no morning hour. The motion to go to
the business on the Speaker's table is not in order
until the House has spent oneshour in the regular
business of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER The Chair announced in the
morning that, the first business in order was the
call of committees for reports, and called the Com-
mittee of Elections. After that call by the Chair,
the House proceeded to other business; but it
was impossible for the Chair to stop the morning
