1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
John W. Wolcott, who is now in confinement,
by order of the House, for a contempt of its priv-
ileges.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Whereas, 011 the loth day of February last, the House,
by its resolution, did commit John W. Wolcott to the com-
mon jail of the Districtof Columbia, for aninfringpmentof
the privileges of the House in refusing satisfactorily to an-
swer certain questions put to him by order of the House,
and is still held in custody under said order ; and whereas,
afterward, m pursuance with the provisions of law, the
Speaker of the House did certify to the district attorney
of the Districtof Columbia the facts pertaining to said case,
and the same were laid before the grand jury of said Dis-
trict, and a presentment was thereupon found against said
Wolcott for the t-ame offense; and whereas, the court, in
which said presentment Is pending, have determined that
said Wolcott cannot be tried 011 said preeminent, so long
as the House holds hnn m custody under its rights of priv-
ilege : Theiefore,
Resolved. That the Pergeant at Arms is hereby author-
ized and dnectcd to cause said Wolcott to be released irom
jail, and to deliver him over to the maishal of said Distuct
of Columbia, 01 otiR-r person amhonzed to receive him, to
answer to the pie-eutmem pending 111 said couu
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I a«k for the
reading of the first and third sections of the law
passed last Congress, in reference to witnesses.
The sections were read, as follows:
"Sec. I. That any poison Mimmoned as a witness by the
authority of eithi r fJoure ot Congre-s to give testimony or
to produce papeis upon any mutter before either lion-.e, or
any committee of either llou-e ol Congies* who -.hull will-
fully make default, or who, appealing, MiaJI ret use to an-
swer any question p*:itinent to the u.iiici of inqmiy in
consideration before tins HmM* or committee by which he
shall be examined, j-hall, m addition to the pains mid pen-
alties now existing, be liable to indictment as and lor a
misdemeanor in nay coui t of the United States having juris-
diction theieof, and, on eonviehon, shaft pay a fine not
exceeding$1,000,and not le«?> than 4'M,and suffer impris-
onment in the roinmon jaii not le^^ than one month, nor
more than twelve months.
" Skc. 3. Jind be itftn fker cnactcd, That when a witness
shall fail to testify, a-* piovided in the previous section,* of
this act. and the Mct-< fdiall be tepoi t<-d to the llotw. it >ha)l
be the duty of the Speaknr of the House, or the 1'ieMdent
of the Senate, lo ceiiifv the fact under the'seal o! the Il(iii<c
or Senate, to the Di-met Attorney foi the InMrietoi Co-
lumbia, whose dutv it shall be to bung the matter betorethe
grand juiy for their action."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 now ask for
the reading of the finding of the grand jury against
this party.
The presentment was read, as follows:
United State
District or Com'mhm,
Ciimi'iul (Jjuit, i>biith 'J'tnit, IH,")?3,
? rie^entmeiii letmned by the giaud
John \V. Wolcott J l'1(! following (bun, v,/.-
District 0/ Columbia, County oj Wuihwi'toii, to ,ut;
The jurors of the United rttaie* for the county atoie^ud
do, upon their oath, present John \V. YVoh-ot t loi'j'uhntr and
lefn&ma: to an wer question-* ptopounded to him by oider
of the Heuoe of Representatives, thiough one of then inves-
tigating commutes, a.< veepmed b> the net of Congie^ en-
titled u An aet mote eil'oeiually to enioiee the aitendanee
of witness," & *,, &.<■ ? uppiowd January iil, lf\V7. 0,1 or
about the OTth of February, lfc.Vs,on the evideneo of lienja
mm Stanton, a member 01 the Uoine of Repri^eritnm e.-. ot
the United Stale*. THO (,'AH.BKRltV, For< /uin.
Attest: J. A. S>uni, Cicrh.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. This resolu-
tion that I .submit provides for the discharge of
this witness by the Seigeant-at-Arms, 1 ask that,
for further information, the letter from his coun-
sel he read.
The letter was read, as follows:
March IKr*.
y\\- j>eui Sir: f send you a copy of the preeminent
found b} the tfiand jmv in your ea. e." In o'des to e\p<-uite
the mactoi, ( propo**- d to the di-tpef aiioiin \ luiij \ on on
thai ; but both he and .finite Orawlbi'l are ot' opinion thru
jou cannot be bronchi out fm toal. Then under-taudm>*
of the case is thai, a.- von «iu* eommim-'d h\r oidei 01 the
Houp.6. sou eannot be brought beion- the eimunal court so
Ion? as thai comiri'tnierit in full visjor.
It is complicating the matter more ami more, and the
effect is that the House utipi i.-oit-. vou lor an imputed eon
tfMiipr, and certifies that tact to the d'^tn-Jt attorney. The
district attorney bungs it to the nonce ot the giand jn>\.
The giand jury charge you with a ini deme;moi umlei the
uct, and the court declines to  iy you because it cannot take
you into its custody. Thoie muM be a remedy somewhere.
Youis, respectfully, JOS. II. BRADLEY.
J. W. W0Lr0TT, Esq.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Prom what Sims
been read, it must be clear to the House that, this
poison being in the custody of the Seigeant-af-
Arms for a violation of the piivileges of the
House, this is a question of privilege, and as such .
I present it to the House. I do not desire to dis-
cuss the subject at all, and move the previous
question.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia whether it would not be as well to with-
hold oiFering his resolution lor the present until
the members of the committee which has charge
of this subject are in attendance. I believe the
chairman is not now in his seat. I will further
state, for the information of the gentleman from
Georgia, that I believe it is the intention of that
comm ittee to offer a similar resolution to-day; and
I think it would be better for it to come from the
committee, 1 hope, therefore, the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw his resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I cannot with-
draw it, because it is my duty to present it.
Mr. LETCHER. Has the Chair decided that
this is a privileged question ?
The SPEAKER. The point has not been
raised.
Mr. LETCHER. J object to the introduction
of the resolution,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I present itas
involving the question of privilege. The party-
is in prison for a violation of the privileges of the
House, and it is clear to my mind that this is a
question of privilege.
Mr. HOUSTON. May I ask the question
whether the committee has made its report, or
whether it is likely to do so very soon ? I shall
object to handing over or discharging this wit-
ness until the committee shall have reported to the
House and been discharged.
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not wish to make any
objection on the ground of a question of order,
or to raise the point of its being or not being a
question of piivilegc. If it be the pleasure of the
House to discharge the witness, I certainly shall
not interpose any technical objection to prevent
his discharge.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution involves a question of privilege.
Mr LETCHER. As I understand questions
of privilege, they relate to the members of this
House. Now, J do not understand that Mr.Wol-
cott has any privilege here at all; and, if he has
not, 1 do not understand how this can be a ques-
tion of privilege.
Tho SPEAKER. The witness is under the ex-
ecution of the sentence of the House. The order
of the House has not been executed. It is being
executed. The witness is imprisoned because of
a breach of the privilege of the House, inasmuch
as he was adjudged to bo guilty of a contempt of
the House iniefwsing to answeraproper and per-
tinent question propounded to him by one of the
committees of the House. The matter came be-
fore the House as n question of privilege. He
was imprisoned by virtue of the order of the
House arising out of that question of privilege;
and the Chair is of opinion that the resolution
presented, under the cncumstances, involves a
question of privilege.
Mr. LETCHER. The order of the House, as
I understand it, wasm consequence of a law upon
your statute-book; and he was imprisoned for
violating that law. That was the olfense for which
the House sent him to jail.
Mr. SEWARD. The rule was applied strictly
to me last week; and 1 must object to all debate.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us wait until the com-
mittee have made their report, and then he may
be handed over to the court.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for the
previous question upon the resolution.
Mr, PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman from
Georgia allow me to have read a substitute for his
resolution, it provides merely for suspending
the order of the House. 1 desire to accomplish
the same object as the gentleman.
Tiie substitute was read, as follows:
Whew,1-:, mviei the oider of the Hou<'', of the loth day
of rebiuai) la-r, tho Seigcant at-Arms did commit to tho
jad of the Di^iuct of CoSumbia oii'i John YV. YVojcott, tor
a contempt ot the authority of this Huu-?e, and the said
Wolcott 1-Mill kept in cuMod.v under the aaul oider; and
wherea>', toe uimul juivof the etinimnl court of the Dis-
tucr of Coi'f.jibut has to a ml, as a tine lull, an indictment ;
agantM said Wolcott, foi a violation ot the provisions of the !
at r ol pa--ed JanmuyiM, l&>7, lelntmg to wit- ;
iufcM>, an.M'mtiom the same tiansaction for which he is ;
now in eu-stody: Theiefore, j
7Levj/{C(f, '1 hut the timber execution of the oider of this :
lluu^e m 1 elation to -aid YVolcott bo suspended until said j
mdietment be di-po-ed of; and that the Bergeant-at-Arms i
be directed to hand over to the authority ol' the district j
couu for action under &:ud indictment, and upon the term-
ination of rhe pioeeedm^s under said indictment, the Ser-
jeant-at-Arms keep linn as directed under the oidei of yob- I
luury ioth last. j
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would suggest that this:
merely provides for suspending the execution of
the order of the House, as the witness has in no
manner purged himself of the contempt commit-
ted against the House. And it leaves it in the
full control of the House whenever it sees iit to
act upon it.
Mr. LEITER. Is debate in order? If it is, I
propose to call the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will withdraw that motion for a moment,
and that the previous question will also be with-
drawn. The select committee on this subject, at
whose instance Mr. Wolcott was imprisoned,
wish to make an explanation, and I think it is
due to them that they should have a few minutes
to explain.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will accept
the resolution proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phillips,] as a substitute for
my own; and I demand the previous question
upon it.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to inquire if I un-
derstand the resolution of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania as he does?
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia accepts the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania 1 will withdraw the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Alabama withdraws the motion to lay on
the tabic, I will renew that motion. I think Mr.
Wolcott was wrongfully imprisoned by order of
the House. I will vote for the resolution of the
gentleman from Georgia to hand him over to the
authority of tho court, and there leave him; but I
will not vote to retain him longer in the custody
of the Ser^enm-at-Arms.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is debate in order?
Mr. STANTON, if the House will allow me,
I wish to say a word or two. The committee
expect to close the evidence in this investigation
in the course of the present week. The view of
the matter taken by them was, that while the trial
wjs in progress, and before the evidence was
closed, it would certainly be improper to discharge
Mr. Wolcott so long as he refuses to testify.
After wc have closed the taking of testimony in
the case—perhaps during the present week—we
proposed to report a resolution handing him over
to the judicial authorities for trial. It would cer-
tainly be improper to discharge him during the
trial, and thus depiive us of any possibility of
obtaining his testimony, and allowing him, by
going at large on bail, perhaps to frustrate the
object we desire to accomplish.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 will state to
the House that the extreme indisposition of die
wife of Mr. Wolcott is the reason why I think
the House should act upon the resolution I have
offeicd, and pass it speedily.
Mr. STANTON. I will state to the gentleman
from Georgia that a messenger of tho committee
has been in Boston recently, and from the inform-
ation we have, there is 110 serious indisposition
on the part of Mr. Wolcott's wife. However,
Mr. Speaker, it is perfectly clear that it comes
with a bad grace from a witness who mi^ht at any
moment purge himself from contempt byanswi r-
ing the questions propounded to him, to appeal
to the humanity of the House to postpone action
upon this matter.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to further debate.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have a word
in reply to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdiaw my objection for
a reply, and for nothing else.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia The informa-
tion which I have received may be wrong, but it
is such as I believe. I do not know to whom tho
gentleman alludes, to what messenger of the com-
mittee, but the information that the wife of this
gentleman is really ill is such as I believe.
Mr. STANTON. I dislike the resolution of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. It occuis to
me that when the witness is once discharged from
the custody of the House, it is impioper to re-
mand him; that we ought to hold him so long as
we think the purposes of justice require, until the
contempt of the House is purged, and the object
of the investigation is answered. Then we may
discharge him finally.
