1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lccompton Constitution—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
ity, the Government of the United States, and the
territorial government put in operation bv them;
we give you a fair opportunity.55 We split Gov-
ernors and judges there, and the Governors said
to them " we will protect you in giving expres-
sion to your sentiments by your votes." They
would not vote,and now you come to me and say
the will of the people is not fairly expressed. If
a factious majority (J will put it even on that)
will stand out against law, if they will stand out
against the demands of their own government,
they not only are excluded fiom participating in
the will of the people, but they ought to receive
even a more condign punishment if they resist it
afterwards.
But the Senator says it was not submitted right;
that they could not vote for it or against it freely.
That this is a pretext, and known to be such, is
very clear, as was shown by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii} the other day, by ref-
erence to tiie Minnesota constitution. That has
been before the Committee on Territories, and
the Senator from Illinois lias reported it as a sub-
stantial compliance with the law of Congress; but
how did they submit it? They said that no man
should vote for or against the constitution by it-
self; they would count no ticket for the consti-
tution or against the constitution by itself*, they
would count no tickets in regard to the constitu-
tion unless they also contained the names of per-
sons for State officers.
Again, suppose this pro-slavery clause had
been in the constitution, and the convention had
submitted the whole constitution with that clause
in it, what would have been the result? A pro-
slavery man might have said, " I want slavery,
but I do not want your constitution." An anti-
slavery man might have said, "I do not want
slavery, nor do I want banks,but I want the rest
of your constitution." That, therefore, would
have been a bad submission, according to the rule
of the Senator from Illinois. Identically the same
objections which he makes would have existed if
all the clauses had been in the constitution, and
all had been submitted at once. In such a case,
hovvconld a pro-slavery man who wanted negroes,
but did not want the other piovistons of the con-
stitution, vote for it? I hope the Senate will par-
don me for relieving them fiom the injustice to
which ho supposes they would have been subject-
ed. That would have been exactly the case if the
whole constitution had been submitted altogether.
The constitution never was submitted, and the
Senator from Illinois does not hold that it was ne-
cessary to submit any of it; and, therefore, when
the convention adjourned, it was the organic law
of Kansas, except the provision in regard to sla-
very, and when that was approved itail stood as
the organic law. This was done before the Ter-
ritorial Legislature met The whoieconsiitution,
but the submission of the pro-slavery clause, was
disposed of before the Legislature met; and that
was voted upon, in obedience to the popular will,
which the Legislature had no right to forbid or to
contravene.
We are told, sir, that if the Lecompton consti-
tution becomes the organic law of Kansas, it will
be by theact of Congress, and not by the act of the
people of the Territory. That depends upon the
reasoning which has brought the Senator to this
point. In this connection 1 will allude to a matter
of fact, in regard to which I took occasion to make
an issue with him during his speech. He says
that nineteen counties ol this Territory were de-
prived of their lights, and disfranchised, at the
election of delegates to the convention. I under-
took to say that that was not true in any sense,
and it is not. I offer the evidence of the law;
and how is that? All the counties in Kansas—
there being thirty-seven—were embraced in elec-
tion districts, but three of them had not a human
being m them; not one in them who voted at the
last election on the 4th of January; not one that
voted on the 21st of December. They were paper
counties. The other thirty-four counties were
every one of them embraced in the districts, and
to every one of them the right of voting was of-
fered. I say, therefore, the statement of the Sen-
ator that they were disfranchised is not supported
by the record, is not supported by the fact, is not
maintained by the truth of the ease. I know it
has been stated by Governor Walker; it has been
stated by Governor Stanton; but he is the very
man who made the award, he is the very man
who divided the Territory into election districts;
he is the very man who assigned the representa-
tives to the various districts. Twenty-one of these
counties actually voted, and were represented in
the convention; thirteen of them were not. Seven
of those thirteen did not vote on the 4th of Janu-
ary. Six of them presented a vote altogether of
eleven hundred. Four of these six counties drove
out the persons whose duty it was to enroll them.
I say, then, that every man in Kansas voted who
wanted to vote, and all who were excluded were
so excluded by their own act, by their own re-
bellion; and, therefore, it is not true thata human
being in the nineteen counties was disfranchised,
and that the statement stands nailed by the very
official records, to which the Senator refers, the
report of Stanton, the report of Walker, the vote
of the 4th of January. There is not a tittle of
evidence to sustain a single sentence they have
uttered about it. The eleven hundred voteis.could
all have voted if they had chosen to do so. They
refused to see the law executed. The law was
fair, it. was just, it was honest. It was executed
everywhere except where traitors prevented it.
And these are the very traitors who can find fa-
cile instruments on the Senate's floor to pretend
that they had wrongs. Every man knows it is
not true. It has been said by half a dozen Sen-
ators, but they all know it is not true. The facts
are on the record. They can no more be denied
than the sun at noon-day. There is nothing to
controvert the record. There is absolute verity
in it. There is no dispute about it. Yet this
plain fact, for these iniquitous purposes, is denied
before high Heaven end this great assembly. So
much for the disfranchisement. If anybody wants
to see the record it is plain. The convention was
a very good one with the Senator from Illinois m
June last. It was a very good convention with
Walker until it said us own will should rule, and
not Ins. It was a very good convention for Stan-
ton until it refused to carry out his will, and set
up its own. Its rebellion was in claiming its
rights, under the Kansas bill; that its will, not
Walker's, not Stanton's, should govern in fram-
ing the constitution. That is all there was in it.
The Senator from Illinois says to the friends
of this measure, u take care, I have said that you
are overriding the popular wili; that is the point
upon which I mean to go before the people; now
take care; make no declaration in the bill which
denies that, because, if you do so, you will be
doing something fatal to the slave States." Let
me say to him,
-•Nun tali unxilio, nec defenisonbus "
The slave States will take care of themselves.
We want no such aid. I demand no aid from
any man from any free State for the interests of
my country. We are men in our own right. We
scorn our enemies, and we seek not their protec-
tion. We stand not on the law. Make the most
of it; and when you come here and warn us
againstdcclaring principles of legislation, lest they
may take away our rights,•! tell you that when
the law can take away our rights, they are not
worth maintaining. We hold them by a better
and a braver tenure. We have power enough for
traitors at home and enemies abroad. I scorn
any man who tells me that the groat right to two
thousand million dollars'worth of propeity de-
pends on legislation, on Senate votes or House
votes. Sir, I come of a diffeieut stock entirely,
and so do my people. That is not our title. We
do not claim under it. We do not ask for your
indorsement in any shape. Make any law you
please, and you would be derided by the slave,
if you sought to weaken our title to him. IS'o,
sii; we will stand by the Constitution as long as
you choose, and when you choose to leave it, I
will bid you an affectionate farewell. That is all
I have to say. Whenever you think it is more
to your advantage and mine to quit, I will bid
you good morning with a great deal of pleasure.
1 desire no strife between us on this point, but I
want this matter understood. I want you to
understand the tenure by which we hold our prop-
erty. We hold it by the tenure of our own States,
who won it by then* valor from foreign masters,
and we have never transferred it. You will be
entitled to it when you win it, and not till then;
and so I beg my friend from Illinois to set him-
self easy on that point; to give himself no concern
about the tenure of slaves. He may make him-
self perfectly easy about them. They will take
care of themselves.
I know what th$ meaning of that is. It is this:
" Do not acknowledge these great popular rights,-
for it will be unsafe in Illinois." I say that in
the constitution of Kansas, by every just rule of
legal interpretation, she has declared, in the first
instance, that her constitution shall be altered in
a particular way after 1864, but as to what may
be done in the mean time it is silent. In aid of
that construction there is a clause in her hill of
rights which says, that the people have a right to
alter or abolish their form of government when-
ever they please. My friend says this is a rev-
olutionary right. Mr. President, do I stand in
the American Senate and hear to-night a gentle-
man distinguished in the Democratic party say
that a great constitutional pi inciple, won, it is true,
by arms, but, when planted in constitutions, is%
nothing but a revolutionary right? He says they
have only asserted a revolutionary right. I ap-
prehend we asserted a good many of them in the
Constitution of the United States. I apprehend
they asserted a good many of them in old Magna
Charta. We have not improved much on that.
There has been but little improvement made
except in the organization to protect them in the
nineteenth century in the American systems, upon
those great secuiities for personal lights which
were demanded in the thirteenth century by the
English barons. They declared life, liberty, and
property, to be sacred; they declared that they
should never be infringed, except by the judgment
of their peers, or the law of the land. We have
incorporated these great principles into constitu-
tions—trial by jury, which England soughitode-
prive us of by sending over to us a court of admi-
ralty; liberty of the press, which she denied to
us. They have ceased, however, to be revolu-
tionary rights; they have now become constitu-
tional ones. That is the difficulty with the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
When a right to change a constitution is put in
the fundamental law, though it was wrenched by
revolution from a despotic Government origin-
ally, it then becomes peaceful when planted in
the constitution of a free people. This right,
which is put in the constitution of Kansas, is as
peaceful and constitutional as any other right that
seciucs life, liberty, or property; and he can only
get rid of it by saying that it is revolutionary to
change a government. Sir, it is revolutionary to
change a government except in the manner pre-
scribed by the organic law, or, in default of such
prescription, by the existing government. Noth-
ing else is revolution. If a government is changed
by the consent of the existing government, and
m conformity with the existing law, or when it
is silent, by the existing government, it is a law-
ful and not a revolutionary change. When it is
changed against its own forms, and against the
existing Government, it is revolutionary, but not
till then. These plain obvious distinctions run-
ning through society, observed of all men, and I
had supposed recognized by the children at Sun-
day-schools, are denied in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to-night for a purpose. Sir, it is not a
revolutionary right—it js a constitutional right, it
is nominated m the bond. The people have nom-
inated it m their constitutional bond, and he, the
great defender, the great asseiter of popular sov-
ereignty, tells us to-night that when the people
have declared that they shall alter their constitu-
tion and forms of government when they please,
how they please, and as they please, it means
that they shall not have that right except bv the
sword ! That is the position of the Senator from
Illinois. He, the great defender of popular sov-
ereignty, denies to the people the right even to
reserve in their fundamental law these great and
necessary ingredients to the maintenance of pop-
ular rights and pnvate lights too. Away with it,
sir. We have a right to do it, and I have no
hesitation in declaring that.
I am prepared to say in this bill that, by the
constitution of Kansas, she has reserved the right
to her people before 1864 to alter, modify, or
change her constitution, as they may will. My
asserting it does not interfere with their right—
