1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor- j
gia objects to debate. !
Mr."JONES, of Tennessee. I renew the mo- j
tion to lay upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order to move to
postpone the whole subject for a week?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the motion to
lay upon the table, or the demand for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from 1 en-
nessee withdraws his motion to lay upon the
table, will it be in order then?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the call for the
previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. A t the request
of friends I adhere to my original preamble and
resolution, and give way for the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to offer his resolution as an amend-
racnt. , .
Mr. PHILLIPS submitted Ins resolution as a
substitute.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, called for the
previous question.
Mr. HUGHES. In order that every phase of
this question may be presented to the House, I
hope the gentleman from Georgia will consent that
I may offer, as an amendment to the amendment,
the resolution I sent to the Clerk's desk the other
day.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will hear the
gentleman's resolution.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman send it
to the Clerk's desk?
Mr. HUGHES. I will draw it up m a mo-
ment.
Was not the previous ques-
Mr. NICHOLS,
tion called ?
The SPEAKER.
Mr. NICHOLS.
Mr. STANTON.
It was.
Then 1 object.
I move that the resolution
and substitute be laid upon the tabic.
Mr. CLEMENS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 123; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Ahl, Bliss, Branch, Cobb, Cox, Craw-
ford, Damrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, ilustis,
Foster, Harlan, J. Morrison Hams, Hawkins, Hickman,
Hoard, Hopkins, Houston, Howard, llnyler, Jenkins,Owen
jones, Kellogg, Kiigore, John C. Kunkel, Loach, Leidy,
Letcher, Lovejoy, McQueen, Miles, Montgomery, Isaac N.
Morris, Mott, Parker, Pettit, I'llelpa, Totter, l'ottle, Powell,
Aleaean, Iticaud, ltuffin, Russell. Sandidse, Aaion Shaw,
Judson VV. Sherman, Singleton, Itobeit Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Miles Tay-
lor, Thayer, Walton, Wlnte, Woitendjke, and Augustus
11. Wright—5 . . ,
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adiam, Anderson, Andrews,
Atkins, Avery, Bennett, iiillmghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bo-
cock, Bonham, Bowie, Drayton, Buffinton. Barhmrame,
Barton Ciaige, Curry, Curtis, Davidson, Davis 01
win, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Lawience W. li.'Jl, ,
Kobert B. Hall, Hatch, Horton, Hughes, jackson, Jeweti, ■
Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kent, Kelitv, Ivliapp.
Lamar, I^mdy. Leiter, Maelav, Mason, Maynard, iUillsOiU
Moigan, Morrill, Freeman 11. jloi-e, Oliver A. Morse, Mur-
ray, Xihlack. Nicliol.,U!m, Pendleton, Phillips, Pik,,, Pui
viariee, C-Ulitnmn, Readv, Ritchie, Roblnus, lloyce. Savage,
Seales, Seanna, Scwaid, Henry M. Shaw, John Sshetman,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Steven-on,
Talbot, Tappan, Thompson,Tompkins, Underwood, v\ ade,
Walbnd"e, Waldron, Warren,Ellilnl li. Washblline, Israel
Washbmn. Walkms, Whiteley, Wilson, Wood, Woodson,
and Zolheolier—1-23.
So the House refused to lay the resolution and
substitute upon the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. MeUUEEN stated that Mr. Trippe was
detained at his lodgings by sickness.
Mr. FENTON stated that he had paired off
with Ins colleague, Mr. Killly.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that ho was absent
when his name was called, and asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. HugiiesJ has sent up the following amend-
ment lo the amendment:
Whfi <-a- i! does not appear by the record of the proceed-
ni«- m the ea.e of John W. Woleott, a Witness now m eus-
toiv i'cr a"e .'d contempt of the House, that he was impris-
oned foi reiii-mg to testify m a matter in which the House
had "lUl.-dienon and pouci to enl'oree the testimony of wit-
n.'s-.vs In attachment tor contempt.: riieietore,
Rmilce,', That tb". -aid John W. V\ olcott he, and he is
licruo'. ili.-liMi^'d mm (.ii-'.clj.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have no ob- i
jection to allow the gentleman to offer that as an
amendment, and I withdraw the previous ques- ;
tion, and yield the floor to him for that purpose. j
Mr.HUGHES. I subrnitil,then,as an amend- i
ment to the substitute. j
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I renew the
call for the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I should like to know how
the gentleman gets the floor again in preference to
all others to renew the call for the previous ques-
tion. If the gentleman yields the floor to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, to offer his amendment, I
suppose anybody is entitled to the floor who can
get it.
Mr. HUGHES. I presume that I have the
floor, as I submitted the amendment.
TheSPEAKER. Nobody sought the floor but
the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. STANTON. I do not understand that the
gentleman from Indiana yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
yielded the floor to the gentleman from Indiana
to submit his proposition. .
Mr. STANTON. My point is this: the gen- j
tleman from Indiana having obtained the floor, j
for the purpose of offering an amendment, he is |
entitled to it absolutely; and that, to renew the |
call for the previous question, the gentleman from
Georgia must get the floor de novo. I do not un-
derstand that the gentleman from Indiana has
surrendered the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand that the gentleman from Indiana had the j
floor. I
Mr. STANTON. lie must have had it to sub-
mit liis amendment.
The SPEAKER. If objection had been made,
the gentleman from Georgia had no right to sur-
render the floor to the gentleman from Indiana to
submit his amendment; but there was no objec-
tion.
Mr. HUGHES. If I had retained the floor, I
would have renewed the call for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood, too,
that the gentleman from Georgia retained the floor
all the time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Certainly.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask that the question be
divided—taken separately on the preamble and
resolutions.
The SPEAKER. That is always done.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Do I understand that wc
are brought to a direct vote upon the proposition
of the gentleman from Indiana? !
The SPEAKER.. The first question will be ,
upon the amendment of the gentleman from In-
'Mr! CAMPBELL. That, I understand, was j
accepted by the gentleman fnnn Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
permitted it to he offered, that the House might
vote unon it, stating that he did not accept it.
Mr.'STAKTON"! Are there two substitutes
pending'
The SPEAKER. There is a substitute and an
amendment to the substitute pending.
Mr. STEW A RT, of Maryland. I understand
the Chair to have decided this to be a privileged
question. .
: I'll** SPEAKER. The Chair did so decide.
| Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Would it not
! be in order to take up any single one of these prop-
ositions at any future time ?
! The SPEAKER. In the opinion ot the Chair,
it would, as a question of privilege.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to put a question to
the Chair. Is there any better time to dispose of
this question than the present?
m. intlNnnnHRANH.
MrVJOHN COCHRANE. Does the gentle-
man want a categorical answer.' _ .
The SPEAKER. The Chair tmnks it mignt
be postponed a month or two very well.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the amendment. All the propo-
sitions amount to the same thing, and I want the
yeas and nays here.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ....
The question was taken; and it was decided ill
the negative—yeas 22, nays 161; as follows:
YT l,S-Messi- Bennett, Bli-s, Bon ic, Campbell, Chaf-
fee, Oockerili, Covode, Burton Craigo, Grow, Lawrence
W. Hall, Hughes, Jewett, George W. Jones, Leiter, May-
nard, Quitman, Eoyee, Henry M. Shaw, Tappan, Ueorge
Ta\lor, Thompson, and Walbridge—22.
NAY'S—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Billinghurst, Bingham,
Bishop, Blair, Bonham, Boyee, Branch, Brayton, Bryan,
Buffinton, BurHnganv1, Burned, Burns, Case, Ezra Claris,
John B. Clark, Clay, Clemen?, Ohngman, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Colfax, Comms. Corning, Cox, Cragin, James Craig,
Crawford, Curtis, Damrel!, Davidson, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of! ndiiinn, Davis ofiowa, Dawe^, D«ian, Dbdd, Dow-
deli, Durl'ee, English, Rustic, Fanihworth, Florence, Fotey,
Foster, G.iruett, Garuell, GHidings, Giilis, Gilmari, G-iimer,
Gooch, Good*', Gianger, Greenwood, Robi*rl B. Hall, Har-
lan, J. Morrison Harris, Has-kin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hick-
man, Hill, Hoard. Hopkins, Horton, Houston, Uuyler, Jack-
son, Jenkins, J.Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, iveitt, Kellogg,
Kilgore, Knapp,John C. Kunkel, Landy, Lawrence, Leach,
Leidv, Letcher, Lovejoy, Maclay, McQueen, Samuel S.
Marshal!, Ma>on, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Moore,
Morgan, Moinll, Isaac N. Moms, Freeman 11. Morse,Oli-
ver A. Morse.Mott,Murray,Nibiack,Nichols,Olm, Parker,
S Pettit, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Powell, Purviancc,
1 Ready, Reagan, Ititehie, Robbing, Roberts, Ruffln, Russell,
j Sandidge, Savage, Seales, Scott, Soaring, Seward, Smgle-
I ton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spin-
, ner, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
! William Stewart, Talbot, Mites Taylor, Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Underwood, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Ward, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn. YVaikms, White, White-
ley, Wilson, Winslow, Wood, Woodson, Wortendyke, Au-
gustus It. Wright, and Zolheoffer—161.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. SEWARD said: The House has decided
this question, and it has been acted upon. I want
the decisions to be uniform, and although I ob-
jected to the jurisdiction in the first place, I shall,
for the reason I have stated, vote " no."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 concur in a very great
degree, in the facts stated in the preamble and res-
olution; but understanding that the courts of the
District have taken jurisdiction of the case, and
believing that it is better to let the matter have a
judicial investigation, I shall vote " no."
Mr. BLISS. "I wish to state that 1 am opposed
to this resolution; but, at the same time, I prefer
to vote for it rather than to put ourselves in the
custody of any court whatever to guard ourselves
or to guard our rights; I therefore will change my
vote, and vote in the affirmative.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
The question recurred upon the substitute for
the original resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON. I wish to inquire what the
effect of that substitute will be ? 1 understand that
j the original resolution says, that the court de-
i| clines to tiy this gentleman, upon the ground
]i that he is held in custody by the House. Now,
jj sir, the substitute proposes simply to elongate the
j chain, and swing him out into the possession of
] the court.
Mr. EDIE. Is debate m order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate, then.
Mr. THOMPSON. Then I call for the read-
ing of the substitute.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. First read the
original resolution and then the substitute, and
then the House will understand the difference;
and I hope they wiil vote down the substitute and
adopt the original resolution.
The resolution and substitute were read.
Mr STANTON. I rise to another question of
privilege. 1 desire to state to the House that
Mr. Wolcott's attorney is upon the floor of the
House, in violation of the rules of the.H?u®e~:^
man who is himnelf proved to have received $4,000
of this money to assist in the passage of the tariu
act—and members are running to him every mo-
ment for instructions as to what vote they shall
give. I move that the Doorkeeper enforce the
rules of the House, and show hint the door.
TheSPEAKER. The Doorkeeper will enforce
the rules of the House; and close the doors upon
all persons not entitled to admission. _ _
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of pnvi-
, lege, I understand the gentleman from Ohio to
| say that members upon this^floor were going to
ji the attorney of this party for instructions how
to vote. . ,
,| TheSPEAKER. The Chair has entertained
i one question of privilege already; and another
■ ! cannot be entertained uutil the fust one is dia-
ls posed of.
Mr. HUGHES. I want the gentleman to spe-
cify what members he reters to.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
