1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
hour from running. The Chair, therefore, de-
cides that the morning hour has expired, and that
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois is in
order.
Mr. STANTON. I submit that the call of
committees for reports is in order; and I insist on
the regular order of business.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair must refer the
gentleman from Ghio to the 27th rule.
Mr. WARREN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. .JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to; and the ques-
tion recurred on the motion to go to the business
on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution from the Senate providing
for a recess from the 23d of December instant till
the 4th of January next, was taken up.
Mr. WASHBuRNE, of Illinois, demanded the
previous question.
Mr. WARREN moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were refused.
Mr. WARREN. My object is to get the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the resolution; and
if I can get that, I am willing to withdraw my
motion.
Mr. COBB. T ask the yeas and nays upon the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will with-
draw the call for the previous question, I will offer
an amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to move
that this House adjourn; and I want to move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Friday next.
Mr. REILLY. 1 move to amend by substi-
tuting " Monday" for " Friday."
Mr. SEWARD. That motion is not in order.
The first in time is first in order.
The question was taken on the motion that,
when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Friday next; and it was decided in the negative.
The question was next taken on the motion to
adjourn; and it was lost.
Mr. WARREN. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Ahl, Anderson, Andrews, Arnold, Banks,
Bennett, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Brayton, Bryan, Bufimton, Burhngame, Campbell, Caskic,
Chaffee, Chapman, Clark R. Cochrane, John Cochianc,
Oomins, Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford. Damieli, Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, lJavis ot Iowa, Dawes,
Dewart, Dimriiick,Dodd,Edmundson, Faulkner, Florence,
GiSlis, Gilman, Gilmor, Groesbeck, Lawience W. Hall,
Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Hairis, Haskm, Hawkins, Hill,
Hoard, Hopkins, Horton, Iluyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Kelly,
Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Leiter,
MeKibbin, McQ.ueen, Maynard, Miles, Moore, Morgan,
Edward Joy Morris, Mott, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Phil-
lips, Pottle, Reagan, Ricaud, Roberts, Russell, Sandidgc,
Scott, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, William Smith, Spinner,
Stallworth, William Stewart, Miles Taylor, Thayer,
Thompson, Underwood, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
bnrne, Ellihu B. Washburnc, Israel Washburn, Whiteley,
Wjnslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, and Augustus R. Wright
—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Billmghurst, Bliss, Bocock, Burnett, Burns, Bur-
roughs, Case, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, Cock-
erill, Colfax, James Craig,Curry, Curtis, Davidson, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dean, Dick,Dowdell, Elliott,
Fenton, Foley,Foster, Gartrell,Goodwin, Granger, Green-
wood, Gregg, Grow, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Houston,
Howard, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Kelscy, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach, Letcher,
Lovejov, Humphrey Marshall, Miller, Millson, Morrill,
Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Niblack, Nichols,
Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Potter, Quitman, Ready, Reilly, Rob-
bins, Royco, Ruffin, Scales, Judson W. Sherman, Samuel
A. Smith, Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, TaPbot,
Tappan. George Taylor, Tompkins, Wade,'Walbridge,Wal-
ton, Warren, White, Wilson, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
coffer—88.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
passed, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill, of which previous notice has
been given, merely for the purpose of reference.
Mr. DEAN. I object; and move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at five minutes past five o'clock)
the House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, December 23, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. J. C. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 13)
to authorize the issue of Treasury notes; and that
the House concurred in the resolution of the Sen-
ate for a temporary adjournment of the two Houses
of Congress.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of St. Louis county, Minnesota, praying for the
establishment of an Indian agency for the Indian
bands of Lake Superior; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Michigan in favor of a division of that State
into two judicial districts; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. KING presented a petition of the New York
State Agricultural College, praying for an appro-
priation of public lands for an agricultural college
in each of the States of the Union; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GrWIN presented papers in support of the
claim of C. I-Iomer to compensation for work on
the United States marine hospital at San Fran-
cisco, not required by his contract; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Court of Claims, returning,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
petition and papers of Amos and John E. Ken-
dall; and, on motion of Mr. Hamlin, they were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented a petition of the opera-
tive bookbindeis of the city of Washington, pray-
ing for the enactment of a law requiring the public
binding, m all its parts, to be done in the city of
Washington; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Cra-
ton W. Brant, praying to be allowed bounty land
for services in the Mexican war as a mechanic;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented papers in relation to the
claim of William Smith, a teamster in the Mexi-
can war, to bounty land; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Andrew Chap-
man, son of George Chapman, a soldier in the
Revolution, praying to be allowed arrears of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of the religious
society of Progressive Friends, adopted at a quar-
terly meeting held at Longwood, Chester county,
Pennsylvania, in relation to slavery; which was
laid on the table. ^
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William K> Jennings and
A. W. Jennings, legal representatives of William Bean;
the petition of the heirs of Edward Rudd; the petition of
Ann Robinson; the petition of Henry A. Wise; and the
petition of Mary Martin, late widow of Robert Lindsay, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MASON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 29)
for the relief of William K. Jennings and others;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
30) for the relief of Elizabeth Montgomery^ heir
of Hugh Montgomery; which was read twice by
its title, and, with her petition and papers on
file, referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. Q) to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to audit and settle the accounts of the contractor
for the erection of the United States marine hos-
pital at San Francisco, California; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 31) au-
thorizing the establishment of a navy-yard and
depot at the harbor of^Ship Island, m the Gulf of
Mexico; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
32) to repeal an act entitled " An act authorizing
the Secretary of theTreasury to change the names
of vessels in certain cases,"approved 5th March,
1856; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORT ON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following* res *
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the last annual
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affaus, with the
accompanying documents, be printed and bound for the use
of the Indian Office.
RIVER A$D HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following resolu-
tion; an$ as it is merely one of inquiry, I ask for
its consideration now:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communicate to the
Senate the estimates which have at any time been made
for the improvement of rivers and harbors within the State
of New York.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator has no objec-
tion, I should like to have the resolution amended
so as to cover the lakes.'
Mr. SEWARD. The estimates for improve-
ments on Lake Eric have already been called for
by a resolution offered by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade.] The Senator can offer a separate
resolution for Michigan and the upper lakes.
Mr. STUART. I will not offer any amend-
ment.
The resolution was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SIMMONS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to bring m a bill to provide a uniform
mode of ascertaining the value of foreign imports
in the legal currency of the United States, and to
prevent frauds upon the revenue by undervalua-
tions of merchandise subject to duties.
Mr. SLIDELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to bring in a bill for the purpose of ex-
tending the amount for which the silver coinage
of the United States may be offered as a legal
tender in payment of debts.
REFERENCE OF THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
fers to the relations between the United States and foreign
Powers be referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to the judiciary of the United States, be referred t©
the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to the lmhtai-y affair?, be referred to the Committee oa
Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to the Public Lands, be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
EMANCIPATION OF SLAVES.
.Mr. FOSTER presented a petition from citizens
of Berlin, Connecticut, praying for the adoption
of measures for the peaceful extinction of slavery
by a fair and ample compensation to the owners
of slaves for their manumission; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
