156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2$,
Mr. MASON subsequently said: A few min-
utes since a petition was introduced by the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut, which escaped
my attention at the time. It has been called to it
since. It is from certain citizens of Connecticut,
asking that a law may be passed for the peace-
able extinction of slavery, by a fair and ample
compensation to the slaveholders; and, on his
motion, it was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I have said to that honorable Sen-
ator that my present impressions are very strong,
for reasons that I do not wish to detain the Sen-
ate now with assigning, against such reference;
and I move, therefore, that the order to refer be
reconsidered, and I shall ask that, for the present,
the petition lie on the table.
Mr. FOSTER. I have no objection,certainly,
to the petition lying on the table until any exam-
ination may be made. Tlie petition, i am cer-
tain, is not obnoxious to any section of the Union.
It is not sectional in its character, and will not
meet any other opposition except that which
arises to any kind of measure for the same ob-
ject.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia moves to rcconsider the vote by which
the petition was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON". I now move that the petition
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senate to take up
the resolution in regard to clerks of committees.
"We have begun our labors in the committee rooms,
but there is no provision for the aid of our clerks.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Benjamin on Monday last:
Resolved, Thut each of the standing committers of the
Senate, enumerated in the 34th rule, be authorized to em-
ploy a clerk, with the exception of the lotir tollowinj* com-
mittees, winch shall not he entitled to a clcrk, to wit:
1. The Committee on the Library.
2. The Committee on Ungros«eil Bills?.
3. The Committee on Enrolled Bills.
4. The Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Evpenscs of the Senate ; and that the cleilus so employed
shall receive a eompenbtuion of mx dollars per chum during
the time of their actual service.
The pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Evans, to add, 11 except the Com-
mittees on Finance, Claims, and Printing, whose
clerks shall receive an annual compensation of
$1,850 each."
Mr. BENJAMIN. So Air as I am authorized,
if I have the authority to do so, I will accept the
amendment of the Senator from South Caiolinu,
and make it a part of my resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the resolution as modified.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have an amendment to offer
as a substitute for the resolution. It is to strike
out all after the word " Resolved*' and insert:
That the eleik^ ot all the landing committees ^linll he
p'-imanent; and the clerk*, ol the Committee*, on Finance,
Printing, ntid Chmns shall icoeive an annual s.ihuy ol
The cleiks of all the other committees shall }e-
ceivc an annual salary of .S'1,500; mid all clerks of com-
mittees hIjhII, during the adjournment of the rienati, have
ehaige of all books and papers of the committees and he
icfpojisihle Ibi the sale keeping ol the same, and it. shall be
their duty to reply to all communications relating lo hu*i
nes* before the committees of which they are clei ks lespeet-
jvely.
I have no disposition to debate this question.
It has been open for some time past, and the Sen-
ate have been unable to agree about it. I will
merely state that my object is to make the clerks
who may bo employed by the committees perma-
nent, thereby avoiding the necessity at the opening
of each Congress of appointing a clerk; and thus
getting rid of that importunity which is so un-
pleasant to Senators in reference to making selec-
tions among clerks. I think if a committee is
entitled to a clcrk he should be permanent, and
be responsible for the business and papers referred
to it. That is my object in offering the amend-
ment.
I have no objection to giving the clerks of the
three committees, who really have the most work
to perform, $1,800 a year; and I think $1,500 is
as small a sum as we really can offer to those who
perform these dutiesfortheothercommittces. If
any Senator thinks $1,500 is too much, let him
name a less sum. 1 believe the business of the
body would be greatly promoted by making the
clerks permanent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Indiana whether he designs to make no
exception ? His amendment gives clerks to all the
committees. Thereare four committees which, by
the resolution offered by the Senator from Louis-
iana, are to have no clerks, and ought to have none.
Mr. BRIGHT. My resolution does not con-
template that they shall have them. It provides
that such as are entitled to clerks now shall have
them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the amendment be
read again. I think it makes no exception.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Last session a select com-
mittee of the members of this body was appointed
to revise the rule with reference to standing com-
mittees and their clerks, and they reported a res-
olution on the subject. That resolution provided
that no clerks should be allowed to two commit-
tees not named in the resolution of the Senator
from Louisiana—the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, and the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office. That matter was discussed
at considerable length during the special session
of the Senate, and a vote was taken on allowing
a clerk to one of those committees—the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds—and the
Senate decided that that committee did not need
a clerk. I do not feel disposed to renew the dis-
cussion on that point unless others should do so;
but I propose to make a motion that those com-
mittees be struck out, simply because it was so
decided by the Senate, and because I became per-
fectly convinced that those committees did not
need a clerk.
With regard to the proposition now offered by
the Senator from Indiana, 1 think it must be ob-
vious to most of the members of the Senate who
have been on committees, that there can be no
possible necessity for permanent clerks, except
for the committees that are excepted by theamend-
ment proposed by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, which has been adopted by the Senator from |
Louisiana. The select committee rather came to
the conclusion that there were several other stand-
ing committees which did not need a clerk; that
the custom of employing a clerk had grown into
an abuse, but it is an abuse to which we have be-
come so familiarized that it is almost impossible
now to prevent it. Every chairman of a commit-
tee (if it is a committee of any importance at all)
likes very well to have the privilege of appointing
a clerk, whose principal duties are, as I under-
stand from my observation, to wait upon the
chairman and other members of the committee
more or leas, with regard to franking documents,
and all those things which it is very convenient to
have a clerk to do. A suggestion that was made
here at the lust Congress, I think by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] was, that it '
would be bettor and more consistent for each mem-
ber of the Senate to have a clerk, and then we :
should be carrying out the system. There is no j
particular reason why these clerks should be ap-
propriated particularly to the chairmen of the com-
mittees, but that is pretty much the result now.
However, I dare say if our side of the Senate j
should get into power, they would like to have the
same privilege, and I am not disposed to quarrel
on that subject. I know it is considered invidious
to attempt to change a well-established custom,
and I feel rather disposed to yield to what has been
the ordinary course of the Senate in that partic-
ular, although I think it is a great abuse. But I
see no reason in the world why we should now go
further, and ma^e permanent offices of the clerk-
ships to the committees. There arc many com-
mittees here which, as 1 said before, hardly need
a clerk, and certainly there can be nothing for
them to do during the recess.
The amendment says it shall be their duty to
take care of the papers. Why, sir, the papers
will take care of themselves when they are locked
up in a drawer. They are to answer all letters
they may reccive on the business of the commit-
tees. It is not probable that there will be half a
dozen during the recess. That is, if I may be
allowed to say so, merely giving color to the ob-
ject of making permanent clerks of all these gen-
tlemen.
But it has been suggested to me, and I have no
doubt it is true, that the gentlemen who come
here as clerks to the committees generally comq
from a distance. They are friends of the chair-
men,who are brought to stay here during the ses-
sion, and there is no sort of difficulty in finding
them. There are applications numerous enough
for these posts. I presume you could find forty,
for each clerkship to exist merely during the ses-
sions of the Senate. There can be, nothing of
necessity, and, in my judgment, nothing of pro?
priety, in making fifteen or twenty permanent
officers, at a salary of §1,500 a year each, when
during one year the Senate is in session but three
months, and there is, in reality, nothing foraclerk
to do in the recess. It is making so many sine-
cures, and I do not think the Senate can excuse
itself for passing a resolution of that description,
which is certainly a new feature in the whole
business of the Senate's proceedings.
I happened to be a member of Congress some
dozen years ago, and at that time there were but
three or four committees, either in the House of
Representatives or the Senate, that were allowed
clerks at all. The effort was made frequently, and
it was very often rejected, to allow a committee to
have a clerk. It was not considered necessary:
except in two or three cases. A clerk then was
allowed to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and the Committee of Claims in the other House,
and, perhaps, to one or two others. It has kept jj
growing until now every committee which has
anything at all to do, has a clerk during the whole
of the session; and the latest move is to have fif-
teen or twenty officers saddled on the Government
for the whole year, with really nothing to do. I
dislike as much as any one to appear in this case
to object to what may seem to be agreeable to
other gentlemen of the Senate; but X consider it
my duty to call the attention of members of the
Senate to it, and having done that, I have no more
to say on the subject. I claim the privilege of
voting against it.
Mr. BAY A. R.D. 1 do not propose to discuss the
question. 1 incline to adopt the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Indiana, with a change,
naming such committees as, in the judgment of the
Senate, ought to be entitled to clerks. Perhaps I
might differ as to the amount of compensation,
either as to some of those to whom the highest
compensation is allowed, as some of those to
whom he proposes to allow $1,500 only. As to
the relative labor of clerks of committees, we
might all differ. In my judgment it facilitates the
business of the Senate though there may be some-
thing of abuse in it, to have clerks to committees.
I would allow clerks to all the committees except
three, the Committees on Engrossed Bills and En-
rolled Bills, for whom clerks are clearly unneces-
sary: and I think the Committee on the Library
doc s not require a clerk. I am a member of that
committee. With these exceptions, I think there
is sufficient business for the clerks to the other
committees, and the appointment of clerks for
them would facilitate the transaction of business.
1 will not enter into the question as to the pro-
priety of allowing a clerk to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds. I am no longer
chairman of that committee, and feel now no del-
icacy in relation to the matter. I can only state,
as the result of my own experience, that that
committee ought to be entitled to a clerk, if you
give one to any committee at all. I do not pre-
tend to say its duties are as laborious as those of
the Committee on Finance, or some other com-
mittees of the Senate; but I think the business of
the Senate would be facilitated by allowing a clerk
to that committee, as well as to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, and every other
committee, except the three which I have named.
I shall be satisfied, however, with any judgment
of the Senate. I hope my friend from Indiana
will alter his amendment so as to name such com-
mittees as he purposes to allow clerks to, with a
salary of $1,500.
I do not see any great objection to making these
clerks permanent. Whether you appoint them
for the session or permanently, you must allow
a sufficient sum to secure the services of persons
who are trustworthy and competent to perform
the duties. Whether you could expect to have
them under the sum named in the amendment, is
not for me to say: it is for the Senate to determ-
ine. I should have preferred rather a lower
amount; but I am perfectly satisfied with any sum
the Senate thinks right.
