2*266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
portion of forty million dollar-, and of the revenue received
therefrom, but a Miiail poition has been expended among]
fchein. When, \o the disadvantage of iheir Miuation in this
respect, wo add the consideration that it i* their labor alone
that gives real value to the lands, and tliat the proceeds aris-
ing from these sales are chiefly distributed anions States
that had not originally any claim to them, and which have
enjoyed the undivided emolument- ari-ins from the sales of
their own lands, it cannot be expected that the new States
will remain lo «rer contented Wltl*the present policy, after
the payment of the public debt. To avert the consequences
which may be apprehended from this cause, to stop forever
oil partial and interested legUlatmn on this subject, and to
afford every American citizen of enterprise the opportunity
of securing at* independent freehold, it seems to me, there-
fore, best tQ abandon the idea of raising a future revenue
out of the public lands."
Then we have standing before us,in advocacy
of this great principle, the first writer of laws,
Moses; next we have Vattel; and in the third place
we have General Jackson. Now, let us see whether
there has been any homestead policy in the Uni-
ted States. By turning to our statutes, we find
that the first homestead bill ever introduced into
the Congress of the United States, was in 1791.
] know that it is said by some, and it is sometimes
cantingly and slurringly reiterated in the news-
papers", that this is a demagogical movement,
and that some person has introduced and advo-
cates this policy purely for the purpose of pleasing
the people. I want to see who some of these
demagogues are; and before I read the section of
this statute, I will refer, in connection with Jack-
son and these other distinguished individuals, to
the fact that. Mr. Jefferson, the philosopher and
statesman, recognised and appreciated this great
doctrine. In 1791, the first bill passed by the
Congress of the United States recognizing the
homestead principle,is in the following words:
" Toat lour hundred acres of land be given"—
that is the language of the statute. We do not
assume in this bill to give land. We assume that
a consideiition passes; but here was a law that
was based on the idea that four hundred acres of
land were to be given
—"to etch of those persons who, in the yeai 1783, were
head* of families at Vmcennes,or the Illinois countiy, or
the Mississippi, and who, since that tune, have lemoved
from one of the said places to the oihei ; but the Governor
of the Territory northwest of the Ohio is hereby directed to
cause the same to be laid out for them at their own ex-
pense," &c.
Another section of the same act provides: .
" That the heads of families at Vincotmes, or in the Illi-
nois country, in the year 1783, who afteiwatd-* lenmved
withoutthe limits of said Teintorv. are nevertheless entitled
to the donation of tour bundled acres of land made by the
resolve of Congress," &o.
That act recognized the principle embraced in
the homestead hill. If thi-j is the idea of a dem-
agogue, if it is the idea of one catering or pandering
to the public sentiment to catch votes, it was intro-
duced into Congress m 1791,and received the ap-
proval of Washington, the father of his country.
J presume that if lie lived at this day, and#vere
to approve the measure, as lie did in 1791, he
would be branded, and put in the category of ihose
persons who are denominated demagogues. Under
his administration there was another bill passed
of a similar import, recognizing and carrying out
the great homestead principle. So we find that
this policy, so far as legislation is concerned, com-
menced with Washington, and received his ap-
proval as early as 1791. From General Washing-
ton's administration there are forty-four prece-
dents ruuningthrough every administration of this
Government, down to the present time, in whmh
this principle has been lecognized and indoised.
We discover from this historical review that
this ty no new idea; that it is no recent invention;
that it is no new movement for the purpose of
making votes; hut it is a principle well nigh as
old as the Government itself, winch was indorsed
and approved by Washington himself.
This would seem, Mr. President, to settle the
question of power. 1 know it has been argued
by some that Congress had not the power to
make donations of land; but even the statute, to
which I have referred, makes use of the word
" give" without consideration. It was consid-
ered constitutional by the early fathers to give
away land. We proceed in this hill upon the
principle that there is a consideration, if I were
disposed to look for piecedents, even for the do-
nations of the public lands, 1 could instance the
bounty land act. I could take you through other
acts donating land,showing that the principle has
been recognized again and again., and that there
is not now a question as to its constitutionality.
I believe there is a clear difference in the power
of the Federal Government in reference to its ap-
propriations of money and its appropriations of
the public land. The Congress of the United
States has power to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide
for the common defense and general welfare. I
believe it has the power to lay and collect duties for
these legitimate purposes; hut when taxes have
been laid, collected, and paid into the Treasury,
I do not think it has that general scope or that
latitude in the appropriations of money that it
has over the public lands. Once converted into
revenue, Congress can only appropriate the rev-
enue to the specific objects of the Constitution.
-It may derive revenue from the public lands, and
being revenue, it can only be appropriated to the
purposes for which revenue is raised under the
Constitution.
But when we turn to another provision of the
Constitution, we find that Congress has power
" to dispose of and make all needful rules and
regulations respecting the territory or other prop-
erty belonging to the United States.'' Congress
has, in the organization of all the Territories and
in the admission of new States, recognized the
principle most clearly of appropriating the public
lands for the benefit of schools, colleges, and acad-
emies. It has granted the sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections in every township for school pur-
poses; it has granted lands for their public build-
ings und various other improvements. I am very
clear on this point, that in the disposition of the
public lands they should be applied to national
purposes. If we grant the public lands to actual
settlers so as to induce them to settle upon and
cultivate the public lands, can there be anything
more national in its character? What is the great
object of acquiring territory ? Is it not for settle-
ment and cultivation? We may acquire territory
by the exeiciseof the treaty-making power. We
may be engaged in a war, and as terms or condi-
tions of peace, we may make large acquisitions
of territory to the United States. Rut what is the
great idea and principle on which you acquire
territory ? Is it not to settle and cultivate it ?
I am aware that the argument is used, if you
can dispose of the public lands for this purpose
or that purpose, cannot you sell the public lands
and apply the proceeds to the same purpose? I
think there is a clear distinction between the two
cases. It is equally clear to mc that if the Fed-
eral Government can set apart the public lands for
school purposes in the new States, it can appro-
priate lands to enable the parent to sustain his
child whilst enjoying the benefits conferred upon
him by the Government in the shape ofeducation.
The argument is as sound in the one case as it is
in the other. If we can grant lands in the one
case we can in the other. If without making a
contract in advance, you can grant your public
lands as gratuities, as donations to men who go
out and fight the battles of their country, after the
services have been rendered, is it not strange,
passing strange, that you cannot grant land to
those who till the soil and make provision to sus-
tain your Army while it is fighting the battles of
the country? It seems to me that the argument
is clear. 1 do not intend to argue the constitu-
tional questionjfor I think there can be really no
doubt on that point. 1 do not believe any one at
tins day will seriously make any point on that
gt ound against this bill. Is its purpose a national
one? The great object is to induce persons to cul-
tivate the land and thereby make the soil produc-
tive. By doing this, you induce hundreds of per-
sons throughout the United States, who are now
producing but little, to come in contact with the
soil and add to the productive capacity of the
country, and thereby promote the national weal.
1 come now to tlje amendment offered by the
Senator from North Carolina, i have not looked
over the Globe this morning to read his remarks
of yesterday; but if 1 understood him correctly,
he advocated the proposition of issuing a warrant
for a hundred arid sixty acres of land to each
head of a family in the United States. I am in-
clined to think the Senator is not serious in this
proposition. It has been oflcred on some occa-
sions heretofore, and rejected by very decided
votes Let us compare it* with the proposition of
the bill. The idea of the honorable Senator seems
to be that this bill was designed to force or com-
pel, tt> some extent, the citizens of other States
to go to the new States. Why, sir, there is no
compulsory process in the bill. It leaves each
man at his own discretion, at his own free will,
either to go or to stay, justas it suits his inclina-
tions.
The Senator seems to think too—and the same
idea was advanced by his predecessor—that at
this time such a measure would have a tendency
to diminish the revenue. He intimates that the
nation is now bankrupt, that we are borrowing
money, that the receipts from customs have been
greatly diminished, and that therefore it would
be dangerous to pass this bill, because it would
have a tendency to diminish the revenue. Let us
compare the Senator's proposition, and that of
the bill in this respect. His amendment is to issue
warrants to each head of a fartnly. The popula-
tion of the United States is now estimated at about
twenty-eight millions. Let us assume, for the
sake of illustration, that there are three million
heads of families in the United States. His prop-
osition, then, is to'issue and throw upon the mar-
ket three million of warrants, each warrant en-
titling the holder to one hundred and sixty acres
of land. If that were done, and those warrants
were thrown upon the market, what would they
sell for? Little or nothing. If such land warrants
were thrown broadcast over the country, who
would enter another acre of land at $1 25? Would
not the warrants pass into the hands of land spec-
ulators and monopolists at a merely nominal price?
Would they bring more than a quarter of a dol-
lar'ati acre' If you were to throw three million
of land warrants into the market at one time,
would they bring anything? Then the effect of
that proposition would be to do but little good to
those to whom the warrants were issued, and by
throwing them into the market, it would cut off
the revenue from public lands entirely, for no one
would enter land for cash as long as warrants
could be bought. Thatproposition, then, is toaid
and feed speculation. 1 do not say that is the
motive or intention, but it is the tendency and
effect of the Senator's proposition, to throw a
large portion of the public lands into the hands
of speculators, and to cut them off from the Treas-
ury as a source of revenue.
But what does this bill propose? Will it di-
minish the receipts into the Tieasury from the
public lauds? The bill piovides that the entries
under it shall be confined to the alternate sections,
: and that the person who obtains the benefit of th«
j bill must be an actual settler and cultivator. In
; proportion as you settle and cultivate any portion
| of the public lands, do you not enhance the value
| of the remaining sections, and bring them into
I the market much sooner, and obtain a better price
for,them than you would without this bill ? What
is the p/mciple upon which you have proceeded
in alkthe railroad grants you have made? They
haveueen defended upon the ground that by grant-
ing alternate sections for railroads, you thereby
brought the remaining lands into the market, and
enabled the Government to realize us means at a
much earlier period, making the remainder of the
public lands more valuable than they were before.
This bill proceeds upon the same idea. You have
granted an immense amount of lands to railroads
on this principle, and now why not do something
for the people ?
I say that instead of wasting the public lands,
instead of reducing the receipts into the Treasury,
this bill would increase them. In the first place, it
i will enhance the value of the reserved quarter sec-
tions. This may be illustrated by an example.
In 1848 we had nine million quarter sections; in
18.58 we have about seven millions. Let us sup-
pose that our population is twenty-eight millions,
i and that under the operation of this bill one mil-
! lion heads of families who are now producing but
I very little, and who have no land to cultivate,
| and very scanty means of subsistence, shall each
j have a quarter section of land, what will the effect
; be? At present these persons pay little or nothing
; for the support of the Federal Government, under
. the operation of our tariff system, for the reason
, that they have not got much to buy with. How
1: much does the land yield to the Government while
:J it is lying m a state of nature, uncultivated?
;! Nothing at all. At the rate we have been selling
■ the public lands, abouttnree million dollars' worth
a year, estimating them at $1 25 an acre, it wiil
take a fraction less than seven hundred years to
dispose of the public domain.
