1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
®05
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecom/pton Constitution—Mr. Green.
Senate.
ligation had before the Senate and the country ?
Such is not the case, as I understand it.
But the Senator from Michigan says, that al-
though it is true that the convention adopted this
constitution, yet that adoption is not evidence that
it embodies the will of the people of Kansas.
There seems to be a sort of oneness in the mold-
ing of expressions by the Opposition—" embody
the will of the people!"—as if mutually adopted
by agreement among the Opposition. I will make
no issue upon that point. There is not a Senator,
nor a member of the House, nor a citizen of the
Union, but what says that all constitutions ought
to embody the will of the majority. How that
fact is to oe ascertained—what legal steps can be
pursued for its ascertainment, consistent with
order, peace, and constitutional government—is
another question; but that we ought to take the
proper steps, the legal steps, to ascertain the will
of the people, is a conceded fact. It is imagined
by some, and X believe by the Senator from Mich-
igan, that the best mode of ascertaining the will
of the people is by a submission to a vote of the
people; and he referred to the vote on the 4th of
January as affording the clearest and most con-
clusive evidence that the people of that Territory
disapproved the constitution. He also brought,
as evidence of that assertion, what he says is a
direct vote of the people; and he also referred to
a mass meeting, held at Leavenworth, consisting
of delegates claiming to represent, by voluntary
action, a vast majority (as he says) of the people
of the Territory. How, I ask, can he undertake
to give the sense of the people from the mere ac-
tion of a meeting at Leavenworth ? Why rely on
a single meeting to ascertain public opinion, if we
are to reject as unreliable the opinion of a legal
convention, legally elected at a public election,
and thus representing the opinions of the people
in a legal sense ? Those who could get up a meet-
ing, without law, without system, without order,
through their delegates to a self-constituted as-
sembly at Leavenworth, can be relied upon to rep-
resent the people and speak their will, according
to his argument; but when the legally chosen, the
legally appointed delegates, elected by the people
at the ballot-box, speak, it is not to be received
as evidence of the will of the people ! The irreg-
ular and the irresponsible, this body is told, can
be relied upon; the regular, legal, and the respon-
sible, should be rejected as unreliable! Are the
friends of the constitution to be vanquished by
reasoning and by facts like these ?
Mr. President, as I propose to notice the sev-
eral objections urged by the Senator from Illinois,
and others, my train of remark will be rather des-
ultory. The Senator from Illinois takes the po-
sition, that, although there was a submission of
the slave article of the constitution, on the 21st
of December, yet it was an unfair submission. I
have, on several occasions, corrected Senators in
their quotation of the constitution on this subject.
This is the last time that I shall ever correct them
upon it. They all have, including the Senator from
Illinois, uniformly represented this to have been
the mode of voting: that no man could vote for or
against slavery on the 21st of December until he
first voted for the constitution. Such is not the
fact. There is no such provision in the schedule—
none in the constitution. There was but one sin-
gle question submitted. The complaint has been
often made, by these same Senators, that there
was no submission of the whole constitution; yet
they now say that it was submitted, and unfairly
submitted, because each man was compelled to
vote for the constitution before he could vote upon
the other subject. I answered that objection in
the first remarks I ever submitted to the Senate
on this subject. I took the ground, and it has
never yet been successfully answered, that there
was but one question submitted by the convention
—not for the constitution as one question, and
slavery or no slavery another question; but the
one single question of " slavery or no slavery."
It will be observed that the form of the ballot
which each voter had to make use of was not for
the constitution and slavery, or for the constitu-
tion and no slavery. No such ballot as that was
proposed—none whatever. What then ? Why,
the question of slavery was submitted. How
was slavery to be protected ? How was it to be
guarantied in the constitution. It was already
inserted in the constitution. The question sub-
mitted, then, was, Shall it remain there, or not?
That was the vital question which was submitted
tothepeopleto decide. The voter was not called
on to vote for the constitution with slavery, or for
the constitution with no slavery; but, shall the
protection of slavery be, or shall it not be, in the
constitution ?
Thus, as I heretofore exemplified, when the
constitution of the State of Louisiana was adopted,
each voter voting was required to make use of a
ballot, thus: u Constitution accepted," or, " Con-
stitution rejected." There would have been just
as much plausibility for the Senator from Illinois
to complain of the action of the convention of the
State of Louisiana, alleging that each voter should
be compelled to vote first for the constitution and
then its acceptance, or for the constitution and
then its rejection, as to undertake to build up an
argument that under this schedule the voter is
compelled to vote for the constitution and then
slavery, or for the constitution and then against
slavery. They are presented in identically the
same manner. The whole scope of this section of
the schedule shows that but one single question
was submitted for decision. All other questions
were settled by the convention. It is said the
people of Kansas complained that no other ques-
tion was submitted. It is said that the people of
the country complain because no other question
was submitted. I understood the Senator from
Illinois, in the first speech he made here in the
Senate before the arrival of the constitution from
Kansas, to predicate his objections upon the non-
submission of the constitution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 would inquire of the
honorable Senator whether the schedule does not
require of the man offering to vote, not only to
vote for the constitution-
Mr. GREEN. It requires no such thing.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. Does it not go beyond
that, and require him to take an oath to support
it?
Mr. GREEN. Of course, if adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Does it not only require
htm to vote for the constitution with slavery, or
the constitution with no slavery, but to take an
oath to support it before he can vote at all ?
Mr. GREEN. I will answer the Senator. First,
I see the remains of that old error still clinging to
the mind of the Senator. He asks me the ques-
tion, with the schedule before him, whether it did
not require a voter to vote for the constitution
with or without slavery? There is no such word
in it. Let the Senator look at it. It is now in
his hand. Second, with regard to the oath to be
taken: if challenged, the voter was required to
take an oath to support the constitution if it be-
come the supreme law of the land, as all good
citizens are. There would have been a peculiar
propriety in the people of Kansas making such a
requisition, as there had been a proclamation by
the Opposition that they would never submit to
law and order. Those who stand in open rebel-
lion to the government, ought to be subject to
some honorable and fair test before they are per-
mitted to participate in shaping the fundamental
law.
As I do not wish to be drawn off from the train
of remarks I contemplate making, I will return to
the point at which I was interrupted. The Sen-
ator from Illinois made the remark, in his first
speech on this subject, that the President of the
United States did not understand the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, he being at that time our distin-
guished representative at London; and he ex-
cused the ignorance of the President on the ground
of his absence from the United States. The Pres-
ident's fundamental error, to which he then called
attention, consisted alone in this: the President
said that the Kansas-Nebraskaact did not require
the constitution, when formed, to be submitted to
the vote of the whole people. This was regarded
by the Senator as the fundamental error. He,
the author of the bill—he, the advocate of the
bill—he, the defender of the bill before the coun-
try, ought to know more about it than the Pres-
ident, who was then absent from the country, and
who, perhaps, had not read all that had taken
place on the subject. Sir, I have a right to be-
lieve that the President of the United States has,
at least, read the report of the honorable Senator,
made at the time he introduced the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill; and if he took his impressions from
that report, if they are false impressions, the re-
sponsibility falls upon the report, and not upon
the President. To shoV what justification he
had in his belief upon the subject, I will read a
few words.
Here is the report by Mr. Douglas to accom-
pany the bill (S. No. 22) made January 5, 1854.
He goes on and gives a history of the compromise
measures of 1850—a very clear, forcible illustra-
tion of the principles intended to be thereby estab-
lished, in the same strain that he did last night
with so much ability, and which gratified me so
much to hear. The object then was to organize
the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska. The
object of the bill was to apply the same principles
settled in the compromise measures of 1850 to the
Kansas-Nebraska bill organizing these Territo- -
ries in 1854. He reasons out the subject with
great force and with great beauty, and arrives at
the following conclusions:
u Prom these provisions it is apparent that the compro-
mise measures of J850 affirm and rest upon the following
propositions: 1 The substitute for the bill which your com
mittee have prepared, and which is commendcd to the
favorable action of the Senate, proposes to carry these prop-
ositions and principles into practical operation ui the pre-
cise language of the compromise measures of 1850.' "
What are those principles?
" First, That all questions pertaining to slavery in the
Territoucs, and the new States to be formed therefrom,
are to be left to the decision of the people residing therein."
That would seem to sustain the view which the
Senator from Illinois pressed, when he said that
the President was out of the United States, and
he therefore excused him for not understanding
what the principles of that bill were. But, sir, I
have not read all of that first principle. It says
what I have read, and then goes on to say:
"Are to bo left to the decision of the people residing
therein, by their appropriate representatives, to be chosen
by them for that purpose."
This is the report of the Senator from Illinois,
made when the Kansas bill was presented. At
that time he said the decision of the slavery ques-
tion was to be left to the people, to be exercised
—-how? By their appropriate representatives in
convention assembled. Because the President did
not complain of the action of the people of Kan-
sas in not submitting the constitution to a vote of
the people, but followed out the principle which_
the Senator had presented as the leading idea in"
the Kansas-Nebraska act, that it was to be decided
by their representatives, he complains of the Pres-
ident, and of the action of the people of Kansas. I
have ever held, and yet hold, that it was for the peo-
ple, acting through their convention, either to sub-
mit or not to submit the constitution; that the Con-
gress of the United States has no constitutional
right to stop and demand of them to submit it;
that, if such demand should be made, it would be
a violation of duty, a violation of constitutional
right, and that we who did it would be setting an
example never set by our predecessors in office,
and, I trust, never will be set by those who are to
come after us.
It is said, however, with a great deal of inge-
nuity, by the Senator from Vermont, that it is
true the people, by convention, can act; but, in
order to make it binding and conclusive action 
they must have legal authority to act; that the
action of the people of Kansas, not being predi-
cated upon an enabling act, is mere voluntary ac-
tion,and not, therefore, legal action—not binding
upon those who do not choose to act. The Sen-
ator from Illinois shadows forth about the same
idea in his first speech. It is this:
" So far as the act of the Teiritonal Legislature of Kan-
sas calling this convention was concerned. I have always
been under the impression that it was fair and just in its
provisions. I have always thought the people should havs
gone together cn masse and voted lor delegatus, so that the
voice expressed by the convention would have been the
unquestioned voice of the people of Kansas. I have always
thought that those who staid away fiom that election stood
in thoir own wrong, and should have gone and voted, and
should have furnished their names to be put on the,regis-
teied List, so as to be voters. 1 have always held that it was
