1858.
the congressional globe.
m
■ I want to take-a case that will demonstrate as
cleariy as the simplest-sum in arithmetic that this
is a levenue measure. Let us take a million fami-
lies who can now hardly procure.the necessaries
of life, and place them each on a quarter section
of land—how long will it be before their condition
will be improved so as to make them able to con-
tribute something to the support of the Govern-
ment ? Now, here is soil producing nothing, here
are hands producing but little. Transfei the man
from the point where he is producing nothing,
bring him in contact with a hundred and sixty
acres of productive soil, and how long will it be
before that man changes his condition ? As sobn
as he gets upon the land, he commences to make
his improvements, he clears out his field, and the
work of production is commenced. In a short
time he has a crop, he has stock and other things
that result from bringing his physical labor in
contact with the soil. He has the products of his
labor and his soil, and he is enabled to exchange
them for articles of consumption. He is enabled
to buy more than he was before, and thus he con-
tributes more to the support of his Government,
while, at the same time, he becomes a better man,
«md a more reliable man for all governmental pur-
poses, because he is interested in the country in
which he lives.. *
To illustrate the matter further, let us take a
family of seven persons in number who now have
no home, no abiding place that they can call their
own, and transfer them to a tract of one hundred
and sixty acres of land which they are to possess
and cultivate. Is there a Senator here who doas
not believe, that, by changing their position from
the one place to the other, they would produce at
least a dollar mote than they did befoie? I will
begin at a point scarcely visible—a single dollar.
Is there a man here or anywhere eLe who does
not know the fact to be, that you increase a man's
ability to buy when he produces more by blink-
ing: his labor in contact with the soil. The result
of that contact is production; he produces some-
thing that hp can convert and exchange for the
necessities of his family. Suppose the increase
was only a dollar a head for a million of families,
each family consisting of seven persons. By
transferring a million of families from their pres-
ent dependent condition to the enjoyment and cul-
tivation of the public domain, supposing it would
only increase their ability to buy foreign imports
to the extent of a dollar each, you would create a
demand for seven millions' worth of imports. Our
rates of duties, under the tariff act of 1846, are
about thirty percent., and thus, at the almost in-
visible beginning of a single dollar ahead, you,
in this way, increase the pecuniary and finan-
cial means of the Government to the extent of
§2,100,000.
This would be the result, supposing that there
would only be an addition of one dollar per head
to the ability of each family by being taken from
a condition of poverty and placed upon one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land. This is the result,
supposing them to have seven dollars more, with
which to buy articles of consumption, than they
had when they had no home, no soil to cultivate,
no stimulant, no inducement to labor. If you
suppose the effect would be to increase their abil-
ity two dollars per head, you would mcrease-iheir
consumption to the amount of $14,000,000, which,
at thirty per cent-duty, would yield $4,^00,000.
If you supposed it increased the ability of a fam-
ily four dollars per head, the total amount would
be #28,000,000, which would yield a levenue of
$8,400,000. 1 think that this would be far below
the truth, and if you gave a family one hundred
and sixty acres of land to cultivate, the effect
would be to increase the ability of that family so j
as to buy fifty-six dollars' worth more than they j
bought before—seven dollars a head. That would I
be a small increase to a family who had a home, |
compared with the condition of that family when j
it had none. The effect of that would be to run !
up the amount they buy to $56,000,000, which, 1
at a duty of thirty per cent., would yield the .
sum of $16,800,000. !
I show you, then, that, by taking one million !
families, consisting of seven persons each, and
putting them each upon a quarter section of land,
making the soil productive, if you thereby only
added to their capacity to buy goods to the amount
of fifty-six dollars per family, you would derive
a revenue of nearly seventeen million dollars.
When you have done this, how much of the pub-
lic lands would you have disposed of? Only one
million quarter sections, and you would have
nearly six million quarter sections left. By dis-
posing of one sixth of your public domain in this
way, upon this little miniature estimate,you bring
into the coffers of the Federal Government by this
bill $16,800,000.
Does this look like diminishing the revenue?
Does it not rather show that this bill is a revenue
measure? I think it is most clearly a revenue
measure. Not only is this the case in a money
point of view, so far as the imports are concerned,
but, by settling the alternate sections with actual
cultivators,you make the remainingsections more
valuable to the Government, and you bring them
sooner into market. In continuation of this idea,
I will read a portion of the argument which I
made upon this subject when I first introduced
the bill into the other House. I read from the
report of my speech on that occasion:
"Mr. J. said, it will be remembered by the House that he
bad already shown, that by giving an individual a quarter
section of the land, the Government would receive back, in
the shape of a revenue, in every seven years, more than the
Government price of the land; and. upon ihls principle, tho
Government would, in fact, be realizing two hundied and
ten dollars eveiy subsequent term of seven yeais. The
whole number of acres of public land belonging to t he Uni-
ted States at this time, or up to the 30th of September, 18-18,
is one btlhon four hundred and forty two milhonlivo hun-
dred and sixteen thousand one hundred and sixty-eight
acres. This amount, estimated at #1 25 per acre, will make
§1,802.770,000. To dispose of $3,000,000 wouh per annum,
which is more* than an average sum, would loqmre seven
hundred years, a fraction less, to dispose of the emu e domain.
It will now be perceived at once the umu^n^e advantaso the
Gov rnment would dorive by giving the land to tlie cultiva-
te!, instead of keeping it on hand this length of time. We
find by this piocess the Govern merit would denvc nom each
quarter section in <mx hundied yean, (throwing off the largo
evcess ot nearly one hundred yean.) 817.0JO—>even gnmsj
into six hundied eighty-five times-.' This, then, shows on
tiie one hand what the Government woutu gam by giving
the land away.
" Now let us see what it will lose by retaining the land on
hand this length of time. Time operates upoif value as dis-
tance docs upon magnitude. A ball of very larye pize, when
eln-c to the eye, is seen in its fullest extent; but when re-
moved to a certain distance, dwindles to iiie human vision,
or disappears altogether. So with the l.ugest planets re-
moved from the eye to the portion they now occupy in the
heavens, they diminish to a mne point. To the business,
practical world, a hundred dollar at the pre-eni lime h ju>t
worth a hundred dollars. A bundled dollars twelve mouths
hence, is worth ju«t «ix pei cent, les-, and so on every
twelve months, until sixteen years and eight months, when
it has lost an amount equal to the principal; so it will be
perceived that, in every sixteen year<$ and eight months, the
Government loses an amount equal to the price asked for
each quarter section, which is $20.1, by keeping it on hand.
Sixteen will go into six hundied thuty-sevtm times, which
would make $7,400 the Government will lose. Now, I
conceive that it would be fair and rational to the business
world to set the lo-*s down on the one hand and the gam
on the other, and then add them together, which would
'•how the difference to be ^24,400 in the present system
and the one piopo.-ed. This will hold good in principle,
and wtil apply to each quarter section, as well as to the ag-
gregate.
'•He repeated that by giving a quaiter section of land
to the honest cultivator, in sit hunched yean the Govern-
ment would derive twentv-four thousand and four hundred
dollais ($24,400.) Upon this basis of calculation, the Gov-
ernment, in six hundied years, would draw from this source,
by the operation of its revenue sv&tein, into the Trea^uty,
two hundred and nineteen billions six hundred million !
dollars, ($219,600,000,000,) which would be an amountsuf I
ficient, estimating the expenses of the Government at fifty j
millions of dollar* annually, to carry it on for four thousand
three hundred and ninety-two years. Ke said that this ex- j
po?o ought to satisfy eveiy one that instead of violating the 1
phsbted faith of the Govermn°nt, it wus enlatgmg and
making more valuable, and enabling the Government tode- j
rive a«much larger amount of revenue to meet all its liabili-
ties, and thereby preserving its faith inviolate."
I do not think there can be any question as to
the revenue part of this proposition. We show
that by granting a million quarter sections you
derive more revenue upon the public lands than
you do by your entiie land system, as it now
stands. In 1850, it was estimated that each head
of a family consumed $100 worth of home man-
ufactures. If we increase the ability of the cul-
tivator and occupier of the soil fifty-six dollars in
the family, of course it is reasonable to presume
that he would consume a conespondmg propor-
tion of home manufactures. Can that proposition
be controverted ? I think not. Then we see on
the one hand that we snoulJ deiive more revenue
from granting the land, on the principle laid down
in the bill, and also that we should open a mar-
ket for articles manufactured m our own country.
Then taking both views of the subject we see that
it is an advantage to the manufacturing interest,
and that it is also an advantage to the Govern-
ment, so far as imports are concerned. I sfeoofci
like to know, then, where can the objection be,
upon the score of revenue? -
t I am in hopes that the Senator from ]NTofth Car-
■ olina will withdraw his amendment, for J c$dqo£
; think be is serious. His proposition would have
a tendency to cut off all the revenue from th&pujb"
j lie lands—to flood the market with land warrants
| to be sold at nominal prices, bringing scarcely
. anything even to those to whom the warrants
I would be issued. .. |
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will say to the Senator
I that when he is through I shall offer a short ex-
| planation of the reasons why I offered the amend-
j ment. I do not desire to interrupt him now.
j _ Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. But, Mr. Pres-
j ident, the question of dollars and cents is of no
! consideration to me. The money view of this
subject does not influence my mind by the weight
of a feather. I think it is clear, though; and this
view has been presented to prove to Senators thaj,
this bill will not diminish, but, on the contrary,,
| will increase the revenue.
j But this is not the important view of the suh-
I ject. When you look at our country as it is, you
; see that it is important that the great mass of the
people should be interested in the country. By
this bill you provide-a man with a home, you in*
crease the revenue, you increase the consumption
of home manufactures, and you make him a bet-
ter man. You give him an interest in the country.
His conditions better. There is no man so re-
liable as ho who is interested in the welfare of his
country, and who are more interested in the wel-
fare of their country than those who have homes?
When a man hasa home, he hasa deeper,a more
abiding interest in the country, and he is more
reliable m all things that pertain to tlie Govern-
ment. He is more reliable when he goes to the
ballot-box; he is more reliable in sustaining the
stability of our free institutions.
It seems to me that this, without the other
consideration, would be a sufficient inducement.
When we see the population that is accumulating
about some of our cities, 1 think it behooves every
man who is a statesman, a patriot, and a philan-
thropist, to turn his attention to this subject. I
have lately seen some statistics with reference to
the city of New York,in which it is assumed that
one sixth of the population are paupers; that two
sixths of the population are barely able to sustain
themselves; leavingone pauper to be sustained by
every two persons m the city of New York, Does
not that present a frightful state of things? Sup-
pose the population of that city to be orre million:
you would have in the single city of New York,
onp hundred and sixty-six thousand paupers.
I do not look upon the growth of cities and the
acqumulation of population about cities, as being
the most desirable object in this country. Here
I will remark that I do not believe a large portion
of this population, if you were to grant them home-
steads, would ever go to them. I have no idea
that they would; for a man who has spent most
of his life about a city, and has sunk into a pau-
■i perized condition, is not the man to go West, re-
| claim one hundred and sixty acres of land, and
I reduce it to cultivation. He will not go there on
|j that condition. Though we are satisfied of this,
Is may not our policy be such as to prevent, as far
ij as practicable, the accumulation of such an un-
productive population about your cities? JLet
ji us try to prevent their future accumulation; let
ii these live, have their day, und pass away—they
will ultimately pass away—but let our policy be
such as to induce men to become mechanics and
agriculturists. Interest them in the country; pin
them to the soil, and they become more reliable
and sustain themselves, and you do away with
the pauperism in the country. The population of
the United States being twenty-eight millions, if
the proportion of paupersm ti>eci.ty of New York
existed in the country, you would have four mil-
lion six hundred andsixty-six thousand paupers
in the United States. Do we want all our popu-
lation to become of that character? Do we want
cities to take control of this Government ? Unless
the piopcr steps be taken, unless the proper di-
rection be given to the future affairs of this Gov-
ernment, the cities are to take charge of it and
control it. The rural population, the mechanical
and agricultural portions of this community, are
