1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
rarity rightfully resume their natural rights, which, how-
ever rCftnered or modified they may be in the political state,
.are never extinguished- But as a natural right, it is the
right of individuals, and not that of majorities; although it
may noi be so sateiy and prudently exercised by one man , or
a minority as a majority, u belongs to one us well as the
other." " '
Thisadmirablereasomng,Mr.Chairman,leaves
ua only to inquire, what mode has Kansas pro-
vided for the amendment of her constitution?
The fourteenth section of the schedule answers:
■"•After tlie year 1864, whenever the Legislature shall think
it necessai y to amend, alter, or change fcHis,constituti©fl, they
shall recoinmcnd to the electors at the next general election,
two thirds ol the members of each House concurring, to vote
for or against calling a convention, and, if it shall appear
that a majority of a't citizens of the State have voted for a
convention, the Legislature Khali, at its next regular session,
call a convention, to cousin of as many members as there
may be in-the House of Representatives at the time, to be
chosen m the same manner, at the same places, and by the
same electors that choose the Representatives. Said dele-
gates, so elected, shall meet within thice months after said
election, tor the purpose of reviving, amending, or ehanamg
the constitution; but no alteration 'shall be made to affect
the rights of property in the ownership of slaves."
The time here named—after the year 1864—is
as much a part of the prescribed mode of amend-
ing as the two-thirds vote, or any of the other
conditions. It goes to the very essence of the
provision, and wisely, I repeat, as a guarantee
against rash and precipitate change. Suppose
the clause had said that, whenever the Legislature
think it necessat v to amend, U may, at its regular
session, by a two-thirds vote, call a convention;
would it follow that, at an extra session, a mere
majority vote might call a convention? Surely
not; and neither does the power of two thirds to
call a convention after 1861 imply the power of a
majority only to cull one before The constitu-
tional preset iption of a particular mode of exer-
cising a power precludes all other modes; in legal
phrase, u expres^'to Main?, est exclusio atlerius."
This clause determines who shall amend—a con-
vention; who shall call a convention—two thirds
of the Legislature; and the time when—after
3864. It defines the entire amending power.
Sir, I go a step further. I say that even a con-
vention cannot divest or destroy the rights of
property in slaves already there. Provided it
does not impair the security of that pioperty, it
may prohibit the future introduction of slaves, or
any other species of property; but it cannot eman-
cipate slaves already in the State. For F agree
With the declaration of natural law in the Kansas
constitution that—
" The right of property is before and higher than any con-
stitutional sanction."
Yes, sir, property is not the creature of legis-
lation*, but tt is coeval with government, with "so-
ciety, with man himself, it springs from those
instincts and capacities with which man is en-
dowed by his Creator, and which find their ine\ it-
able development in his social institutions—the
power to love, which becomes real in the family
and its relations. Properly, in all its varieties
and incidents, arises from ihe power and the wish i
to subdue the material world, to endow matter with j
the forms of mind, to contract with his felMw; j
from the capacity and instinct of the superior races ■
to command, and of the inferior to obey, and thus I
mutually to aid each other in fulfilling the woils
of God in the universe. Upon these instincts,
divinely implanted in the humon breast, spring
the relations of the family and (he rights of prop-
erty— the primordial dements of man's social ex-
istence—and jo protect :ind preserw them is the
primary object nf government, which Divine
Providence instituted when man was created a
political as well as a social being.
Therefore, it is true, that the rights of prop-
erty exist independently of, and above, coiutiiu-
tional sanction. And it is equally true, as this
article in thy Kansas constitution goes on to de-
clare, that—
** The of the owner of a >\,ivo to such slave an.l its
iwrea^e i* the same, and as mviohihle a?- the right of the
owner of any piopeity whaiuvei."
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. M o>rr-
gomery] lifted up his hands in horror at this as-
sertion, and said that no statesman would main-
tain so monstrous a proposition. I do not know
whether the gentleman will think I forfeit any
title to the name of statesman, yet I unhesita-
tingly tell him that 1 maintain it. And more .
than that, let me tell the gentleman from Pennsyi- |
vania that the people of Kentucky, who ratified
thci) constitution, and the convention who adopted
it, maintained it; for the words are copied verbatim
tt literatim -from the constitution of Kentucky,
made in 2850; and? it is now the almost universal
faith of- the southern States. The right of prop-
erty in slaves not as sacred as the right to any
Other property! Why should it not be? Because,
I am told, it is essentially local, and dependent
upon local and positive laws. I tell the gentle-
man, on the contrary, that African freedom is
local, and dependent upon local law. I tell the
gentleman that there is not a civilized country in
the world where the African can claim his free-
dom, except by positive law. 1 say that the nat-
ural status ana condition of the black is slavery.
After the splendid argument of the Senator from
Louisiana, the other day, I need not speak on that
point. The civil law recognizes it, the common
law recognizes it. 1 might quote the father of
philosophy, the im mortal Stagyrite himself. Aris-
totle says:
" It is clear, then, that some are free by nature, and others
are slaves by nature; and that in the case of the latter, the
lot of slavery is both advantageous and just."
Go back to the oldest monuments of the human
race, search the catacombs, explore the temples
and pyramids of Egypt, and wherever you find
the African depicted, he is represented as a slave.
Penetrate the recesses of central Africa with Rarth
and with Livingstone, and there still you find
slavery existing now, as ever before; still you find
the lighter colored tribes subduing, mastering,
controlling, and enslaving the darker. From that j
great laboratory of the black race, from that teem- i
ing womb of mysterious Africa, one unbroken |
stream of emigration has pouted through all the
ages, still winding its sable line through the des-
erts and the forests, until caravans and fleets
should receive and bear it away to fulfill its des-
tiny and attain its highest point of civilization
under the control and care of the Caucasian races.
Continue your investigation, sir; open the oldest
written records, the Divine books of the Hebrews.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania quotes God's
promise to Noah, that the fear and the dread of
him should be upon every beast of the earth and
every fowl of the air, and that every moving thing
should be delivered into his hand. Why did he
not go a little further, and quote the Divine decree
that the descendants of Ham should be the ser-
vants of Shem and of Japheth, and of their pos-
terity? Some one near me says it did not suit
his purpose 1 So I am aware! Why did he not
go to Sinai, and read from the tablets of stone,
written by the finger of God Himself, thou shalt '
not covet thy neighbor's man-slave, nor his maid-
slave, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor anything that
ishis? I can icply for the gentleman; this Divine
recognition and sanction of slave property did not
accord with the prejudices of modern philan-
thropy;itdid notsquare wilhthe Wilmot proviso,
for which 1 am told he voted.
Mr, MONTGOMERY. 1 should like to know
how that is ? I anticipated all this attack, and am
ready to reply.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman would not
permit any interruption the other day. 1 must
decline to yield.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Does the gentleman
refuse to give me an opportunity to set him right ?
I will say to the gentleman that 1 now stand in
the first legislative capacity I ever occupied in my
life; and 1 could not very well have voted for the
Wilmot proviso
Mr. GARNET'!1. I understood the gentleman
was in favor of it; and advocated it m some po-
litical meeting in Pennsylvania, i did not intend
to misrepresent him.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I would like to have
the gentleman allow me to put this matter in the
proper shape.
Mr. GARNliTT. Well, he that as it may, he
advocates what is equivalent in the case of Kan-
sas.
1 repeat, therefore, when I am asked if a.iy
statesman can maintain that the right of property
in African slaves is as sacred as any other right
of property, I reply, yes! a thousand times, yes !
It is consecrated by reason, which points out that
Providence has assigned different parts in the
economy of the world to different laces, and this
seems the natural condition of the African. It is
consecrated by our own experience, because under
it th§ negro has attained a far higher civilization
than he has ever known in any other condition,
and because it has been the foundation of a highly
refined culture of the richest and most potent in-
dustry of a powerful empire, and a rational, a
stable, and a noble freedom for the white race in
our own southern States. It is consecrated by
the experience of ages. Search the records of
history, and point me to mighty empires founded;
systems of jurisprudence established, not merely
for the day, but as possessions and rules for all
time; the bounds-of human knowledge enlarged;
turn to deathless strains of poesy, or eloquence,
or heroic deeds performed, which,stil! vibrate
along the chords of feeling, and thrill the human
heart from generation to generation; and I will
point you to a nation of slaveholders, whose sons
achieved these glorious deeds! Yes, sir! it is
sacred because it is hoary with the prescription
of six thousand years of human history, and its
origin runs so far back into the misty past, that,
like the Nile of its native Africa, its source can-
not be explored. It is consecrated by religion,
because it has brought millions of benighted
heathens within the bosom of tlie Christian
church; because the church has sanctioned it in
all time; because Christ and His apostles recog-
nized it; because it was baptized amid the thun-
ders of Sinai, and its title deed was sealed by
Almighty Jiat, when the black race was created
to obey as servants, and the white to command
as masters.
I say then, Mr. Chairman, that while the con-
stitution remains unchanged, the Legislature can-
not abolish slavery, or prohibit the entry of slave
property; that the constitution cannot be lawfully
changed until after 1864, and that even then no
vested rights of property can be impaired or de-
stroyed. And, 1 say, finally, that it is for these
reasons, openly avowed on the Republican side,
at least, ofCongress, that the admission ofKansas
meets with such opposition. Sir, iake away that
party, and what opposition could be left ? Would
the dissentient members of our own party ever
dream of it? Doubtless amongst them there are
gentlemen who personally have no objection to
the admission of another slave State, but they are
constrained by the fear of the power of the Black
Republicans at home. Their course is at least
an evidence that their constituencies are unwil-
ling that another slave State shall be added to
our Union, and it is the sentiment of the northern
people, not merely of the northern members,
which it is important for us truly to know. But
for this anti-slavery feeling, either m themselves
or their constituents, little would they care for
these alleged irregularities—as little as they re-
garded them in the case of California. She came
with a constitution framed by a convention as-
sembled by military authority, and under execu-
tive dictation and advice that unless she prohibited
slavery she never could obtain admission, or in-
deed a regular government at all. They vote even
now for Oregon and Minnesota whose irregulari-
ties I before noticed. And yet they cannot over-
look like flaws in the claim of Kansas ! No, sir!
the Senator from New York disclosed the true
secret, when he declared that it was a dynastic
struggle between North and South whether an-
othcr slave State could be admitted into the Union.
And on that issue hang the most momentous con-
sequences.
I beg you, Mr. Chairman, to look back at its
history. In 1820 we were excluded from more
than nine tenths of our common territory; slavery
and slave States were forever prohibited in nine
hundred and sixty-five thousand square miles of
the Louisiana territory, while only one hundred
and ten thousand miles were left open to south-
em immigration and the possible extension of
southern institutions. For the sake of union we
submitted to this unjust dectee. In 1845, Texas,
a sovereign State which had formed and main-
tained her institutions outside of the Union, came
in by annexation. And here let me warn my
southern friends that if our Federal boundaries
are to be further enlarged, it is far safer to annex
slave States, ready formed to our hand, than to
acquire Territories to be struggled and disputed
for.
A few years after, we acquired avast region on
the Pacific—some four hundred and sixty-four
thousand square miles. But were we of the South
allowed to enter on its possession as equals? Gen-
tlemen on the other side tell me, yes; the Massa-
chusetts man could no more carry a slave there
