158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
direct the clerk to be employed during the vaca-
tion, and so make them permanent after all. I
wish to have their pay confined to the time of
their employment during the sessions of Con-
gress. My amendment is to strike out the words
" during the time of their actual service," and in-
sert " during the sessions of Congress."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I accept that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the resolution as modified.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That each of the standing committees of the
Senate enumerated in the 34th rule, be authorized to om-
ploy a clerk, with the exception of the four following com-
mittee^ winch shall not be entitled to a clerk, to wit:
1. The Committee on the Lihiary;
2. The Committee on Engrossed BdU ;
a. The Committee on Enrolled Bills ;
4. And the Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate ;
And that the cleiks so employed shall receive a compen-
sation of st\ dollars per diem, during the sessions of Con-
gress, except the Committees on Finance, Claims, and
Printing, whose clerks shall receive an annual compensa-
tion of $1,850 each.
The resolution was adopted.
* TREASURY NOTE BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. J. C. Allen, its Clerk,
announcing- that the Speaker of the House had
signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 13) to authorize the
issue of Treasury notes j and it was, therefore,
signed by the Vice President.
Afterwards, a message from the President of
the United States, by Mr. J.B. Henry, his Sec-
retary, announced that he had approved and
signed the bill.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order,
being the motion of the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] to refer so much of the President's mes-
sage as relates to the affairs of Kansas Territory
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, as stated by
the Chair, the subject immediately before the Sen-
ate is the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
refer that portion of the President's message
which relates to the affairs of Kansas Territory
to the Committee on Territories; but the sub-
ject which is before the Senate for discussion, is
the question of admitting Kansas as an independ-
ent and sovereign State into this confederacy of
States, under and by viitue of a constitution re-
cently formed at Lecompton. Those who have
preceded me in the debate, orat least some of them,
felt embarrassed by the magnitude andimportance
of this question. I freely confess that it is one of
the most important questions that can engage the
attention of Congress. It is neither more nor less
than the exercise of thatpowerof Congress under
the Constitution, which creates a new sovereignty,
brings it into being, and adopts it as one of the
States of this Confederacy. And when we reflect
how many men, distinguished in the public ser-
vice for their great abilities, have expressed them-
selves against the extension of the number of
States in this Union, and have warned their fellow-
citizens against its consequences, lest the fabric
itself should fall by its own weight, we may well
consider this the most important function that the
Constitution has clothed Congress with the power
of exercising. In discussing a subject of such a
character, I certainly shall bring to it all the con-
sideration that I have been able to bestow. I shall
do it with that respect which is due to the subject,
and especially the respect due to those who differ
from me in this body. If, in the course of this
debate, I shall say anything which can offend the
most sensitive of those who may differ from me, I
shall regret it vastly more than he.
The power of Congress to admit States into
the Union is the question which, in my judgment,
lies at the very foundation of this discussion.
The Constitution of the United States, m the
third section of the fourth article, provides that
" new States may be admitted by the Congress
into this Union." The only limitations to the
exercise of the power are found in the language
that follows: si but no new State shall he formed
or erectcd within the jurisdiction of any other
State; nor any State be formed by the junction
of two or more States, or parts of States, without
the consent of the Legislatures of the States con-
cerned, as well as of the Congress." Itwas well
said by Mr. Attorney General Butler, in the Ar-
kansas case, that the power of Congress over this
question is plenary. From the very nature of
the question, it must be. It is subject only to
the limitations provided in that article; and when-
ever a question is presented as to the admission
of a State into this Union, it must necessarily be
determined by the circumstances which surround
and govern that particular case. Why, sir, it is
a power which authorizes the admission of for-
eign States, as well as those carved out of our
own dominion; and this single statement will
show to the mind of any gentleman, at a glance,
that precedents, former laws of Congress, never
can, and never ought to be, resorted to for the
purpose of determining the power or the propri-
ety in a particular case. I use the term " pro-
priety" with a purpose. The power to admit a
State necessarily carries with it the power to de-
cline to admit; and when I hear gentlemen talking
about the necessity, the imperious obligation that
rests upon Congress to admit a State under a par-
ticular specified set of circumstances,! confess, sir,
it is a doctrine that is not in accordance with my
views of the Constitution. It maybe very proper,
for instance, to refuse to admit a State to-day,
and it may be quite the reverse one year from to-
day. Congress, and Congress alone, under the
power conferred upon it by the Constitution, is
to determine, not only the question whether a
State shall be admitted at all, but it is equally
clothed with authority to determine when it shall
be admitted.
In connection with this subject, enabling acts
have been discussed. They have an importance in
a respect to which, by-and-by, I shall allude; but
that an enabling act is necessary, indispensably
necessary, in order to the admission of a State
into this Union, I never heard any man pretend.
It is not made necessary by the Constitution itself;
it has not been held necessary in any case that 1
know of, by the Congress of the United States;
and when you come to consider the fact to which
I have alluded, that the power exists to admit
foreign as well as domestic States, you are forced
to the conclusion at once, that no enabling act can
be regarded as of indispensable necessity.
Sir, perhaps one of the most unfortunate results
flowing from party discussions of great constitu-
tional questions, is the engendering of opinions
and the enunciation of doctrines not only novel in
their character, but many of them dangerous in
their tendency to the permanency of our institu-
tions. When I he.ud the honorable Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Green] giving Ins views of the
effect of an enabling act, I confess I was forcibly
struck with the consideration to which I have just
referred. lie said that an enabling act, giving the
assent of Congress to the formation of a new State,
conferred on that State the authority, if Congress
refused to admit it, to set up an independent sov-
ereignty on its own account, out of the Union.
Can that be true? Can it be true that the Con-
stitution of the United States has conferred on
Congress the power to do an act under the Con-
stitution which shall overturn the instrument and
destroy the Government? In other words, and
more concisely, is it true that the Constitution
confers upon Congress the power to commit sui-
cide and destroy the Government? The idea of
an independent State formed under the Constitu-
tion, and yet out of the Union, js an idea which
cannot bear the light of investigation.
This makes it necessary to consider for a mo-
ment what is the purpose and character of an
enabling act. The character of an enabling act
is simply to authorize the people of a Territory
to form a constitution and State government, for
the purpose of being admitted into the Union, and
for no other purpose. It is useful and safe, and,
I think, ought to be adopted as a general rule;
because it enables Congress to define the bounda-
ries of the new State, to require that the consti-
tution, when formed, shall be submitted to the
people, and generally to exercise a proper control
over the whole subject. What is us language?
Entirely consonant with its character—to form a
constitution in obedience to the law of Congress,
and submit it to Congress for the purposes of
admission as a member of the Confederacy, and
to abide by the result. If Congress refuses the
admission, that is an end of the effect of the en-
abling act. The Senator from Missouri suggested
that there was danger,permanent and paramount
danger, to the interests of this country, by adopt-
ing the policy of passing enabling acts; and that it
was better to give the assent after the constitution
was formed, than to give it before. Whether given
before or afterwards, it is but the assent of Con-
gress that the Territory may be admitted as an
independent sovereignty into the Union, but not
made a State out of the Union.
What, then, is the great leading and funda-
mental principle which should control the action
of Congress in the admission of a State into the
Union ? It is simply that the constitution of the
new State shall be of a character not dangerous
to our institutions; and that the people of the new
State shall be satisfied with it, and ask for ad-
mission under it: that is kll. The power of Con-
gress is to " admit" a State into the Union, not
to cocrce it. Congress would be but the veriest
tyrant that ever existed on the face of the globe,
if it had a power to coerce a State into the Union
contrary to the will of the people composing that
State, it lies, then, at the foundation of the ques-
tion, as it docs at the foundation of personal lib-
erty, that Congress shall be satisfied—satisfied be-
yond a reasonable dispute—that the people com-
posing the State ask to be admitted. It should
never be forgotten that it is a mere consent on
our part—nothing more. The State proposes
admission and Congress gives its consent.
Now, sir, all that 1 have to do on this question
to-day is to apply the principles I have thus laic}
down, to the question of admitting Kansas into
the Union under the Lecompton constitution.
This renders it necessary that I should briefly
advert to the past history and the present condi-
tion of the most unfortunate people of that Terri-
tory, politically considered. And first, in regard to
the Kansas act. The country, for years, had been
agitated in respect to the power of Congress to
legislate on slavery in the Territories. Various
opinions had been entertained and expressed. A
portion of the people, and of the members of
Congress, held that Congress possessed unlimited
power over that question while the Territory re-
mained in a territorial condition—that Congress
possessed the power to exclude slavery or to adopt
it. Others contended that Congress possessed the
power to cxclude but not to adopt. Others held,
like my late distinguished colleague, now the Sec-
retary of State, [Mr. Cass,] that Congress pos-
sessed no power over that subject whatever, but
that the people of the Territories possessed full
power over it during their territorial condition.
Others, again, contended that neither Congress
nor the people, while the Territory remained
feuch, possessed any power whatever over the
question, except to protect such property in slaves
as should be carried into it.
With this diversity of opinion, entering, as it
did, into the political discussions throughout the
country and m Congress; endangering, as many
good men thought, not only the peace and happi-
ness of the people, but the safety and permanency
of our institutions, and with a view, so far as the
Democratic party was concerned, of settling it on
some fair basis, the Kansas-Nebraska act was in-
troduced. What was done by it ? Languagewas
employed that should confer on the people of the
Icrntory the sole and exclusive control over this
question while they remained a Territory, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States. I
never heard any gentleman pretend that the use
of those words, " subjectonly to the Constitution
of the United States,changed the law in any re-
spect; but this was the intention: whatever power
Congress possessed should ^e conferred upon the
Territory. Whatever power the people of the
Territory possessed, of course they retained. If
the power to legislate in respect to slavery rested
in either place, the Kansas-Nebraska act conferred
it on or left it with the people of the Territory. If
it did not rest in either, then, of course, nothing
was carried to the people by virtue of the act.
But, Mr. President, did anybody ever dream,
while the Kansas-Nebraska act was under con-
sideration here, that we were conferring any power
on the people of the Territory when they came
to form a constitution and ask admission into the
Union ? Was there a word uttered in debate, and
has there been any considerable amount of opin-
ion since the great Missouri question was agitated,
that Congress possesses any power to control the
action of a Territory in forming a constitution,
and asking admission into the Union, as to what
