1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
than the Virginian. Sir, when the man of th* 
North went there, he took with him all his prop-
erty, all his institutions, his whole system of
society; he was free to give honor and power
to his native land by establishing another New
England,kindred and sympathizing republics, on
the Pacific shore. But. the southerner had no such
privileges. He must qualify himself first by sell-
ing his property, by severing the kindly ties and
life-long affections that bind master and slave to-
gether, and by abandoning the institutions under
whose shelter he was born, and amid which he
was proud to live and hoped to die. Here was
a vast and almost uninhabited region; its secular
silence was unbroken, save by the monotonous
roar of the Pacific waves and the sighing of the
wind amid the gigantic trees, which seemed relics
of the elder world—fit shelter for the Titanic races
of an earlier crcation. At last, the man of fate,
the Anglo-Norman, came, the Aladdin of a more
wondrous story than ever Arabian dreamed. The
forests fell; light broke through their primeval
shades. The wilderness blossomed. Streams, late-
ly dark and turbid, rolled bright o'er golden sands,
and mountains, but yesterday somber and barren,
now gleamed and glittered with the shining metal
that shot and sparkled through every vein. But
when the Virginian, or the man of the South,
came to the portals of this mighty region, he was
denied admission. He found the gates spread
wide. He saw all the tribes of the earth—the
Celt and the Teuton, the copper-visaged Chinese
and the swarthy Hindoo—gathering like eagles to
the banquet. He saw, day and night, the restless
stream of northern emigrants pouring through
the gates; the mon of New England and New
York, bearing with them their property and their
laws, their households and their household gods,
their Lares and Penates. All, all were admitted;
he only excluded ! In vain did he recall that his
valor had helped to unbar those portals; in vain
did he tell that one Virginian had driven back the
foe in northern Mexico, while another made a
march, more wonderful than Cortez's,from Vera
Cruz to the palace of the Aztecs; in vain did he
recount how the Mississippi rifles stemmed the
tide of battle at Buena Vista, and the Palmettoes
reaped the harvest of death and of glory amid the
fires of Churubusco; in vain did he point to the
honorable scars upon his body, won in many a
tented field—still, still he was forbidden to pass,
unless he would first despoil himself of his prop-
erty, abdicate his duties as a master, desert his
household, and forswear his nationality. He
might then, indeed, de^iaded, enter; but he must
never sing the song of his own country, or trans-
plant its laws into that strange land. And this,
we are told, is equality !
Even now my heart thrills to the gallant north-
ern men; and I thank them, wherever they may
this day stand, that ihey came to our aid in 1854,
and forever wiped from the statute-book the law
of exclusion which dishonored it, and declared
that henceforth theTerritones should be our com-
mon and equal domain. That great repealing le-
gislation of the Kansas-Nebraska act has resulted
in this application of Kansas for admission; and
I appeal to you to crown and consummate the
work of justice and constitutional equality by
showing us that another slave State can be ad-
mitted into this Union, even though the North
has a majority in Congress.
I ask gentlemen to consider calmly the effects
of an opposite course, and its pledge that there
shall be no more slave States. You may dot our
entire territory over with new free States; you
may spread over all Mexico, which now thieat-
ens to fall to pieces; you may, and probably will,
if this policy is adopted, some day incorporate
with your Union her entire territory and popu-
lation as free States: I ask, sir, when this dynas-
tic. triumph, as Mr. Seward calls it, is achieved,
what use will you make of your power? He pro-
poses first to overthrow the Supreme Court, to
subvert the independence of the judiciary; or, as
he more politely phrases it, to reorganize it until
it is made the pliant oigan of northern popular
will. 1 suppose the next step will be to amend
and oveithiow the Constitution itself. And then
<s the last fell act of all—the abolition of
hern slavery. Even now you avow yourde-
siiv to effect this by the moral influence of yuur
eau-^e; you yet disclaim the wish to interfere by
law.
com
sout
Hut how Ions: can you resist, even if you are
sincere, the raging fanaticism, which waxes strong
upon every concession you make, and every step
it advances? You rashly venture into the current;
but the cataractis at hand, and you are helplessly
swept downward, you know not whither. And
when all is done, when the work is finished, when 1
your long wished-for abolition is attained, where
will you be? Suppose slavery abolished to-mor-
row, and sooner or later, if you persist in your
present policy, and the South submits, it must
be: what will you have gained? A Hayti or Ja-
maica of gigantic dimensions—from the Potomac
to the Rio Grande, an unproductive barbarism—
instead of populous, powerful and civilized States!
You will have satisfied a blind fanaticism, and lost
the staples that gave employment to your popu-
lation, wealth to your Treasury, and the command
of the world's commerce, and peace to your hands.
You will have exiled from the seats of power the
sons of your revolutionary compatriots; and, in-
stead, representatives from the emigrants of all
countries, and barbarian Senators from the col-
ored races of Mexico, whose natural equality is
part of your theory, will ascend the marble steps
of your Capitol, and hold the curule seats and
the fasces of authority ! Such is the noble con-
summation of your policy! And where will be
the security of your own property, when you
have rudely thrust aside the protection which
judicial independence and constitutional guaran-
tees gave to ours? Your population already out-
grows their means of subsistence; your city pop-
ulation increases at the expense of the country, and
in many towns, as in New York, Cincinnati, and
Chicago, it is half foreign born. When such be-
comes the general condition of your country, when
the men without property are decidedly more
numerous than those who have it, when the men
who " live to toil, and toil to live," as a Sena-
tor from Maine described them, constitute far the
greater part of your population, let me ask what
is to become of you, with your doctrine of the
Divine right of numbers and unlimited voting?
Already, m New York, you have heard of the
Socialist doctrine of a right to labor, and to sup-
port from the taxes of the property-holders; and \
the chief magistrate of the city pandered to their j
destructive sentiments. May you not hereafter j
need the conservative influence of the South m i
the Union, which, m times past, has been so often i
felt? I speak, sir, in no spit it of reproach. I j
make no invidious reflection on any portion of ;
the people of the North. I know their intelh- >
gence, their energy, and their manly virtues. I ;
admire the wonders they have wrought, the
wealth they have heaped up, the cities they have
built, the good they have done in their day and
generation.
But, sir, I appeal to candid and conservative
men there, to say whether there are not signs of
a fearful proclivity among them to the despotism
of numbers and the tyranny of mobs; whether
the South is notcomparativelv free fiom this dan-
ger; and whether, if their progressive spirit is
a valuable ally to us, they, on the other hand,
could well spare our national conservatism, and
its weight m the Confederacy: and whether they
can afford to obliterate southern civilization, any
more than southern cotton, from the Union and
the world? Yet to both those results surely, in-
evitably, are we driven ouwaid, if the doctrines
of Mr. Seward and his Republican followers are
to prevail, unresisted.
1 say, sir, uniesisted; for it may well be asked
what will the South be dom^ meantime ? 1 wish
to say nothing that even appears like a threat. I
but wish calmly to calculate consequences either
way. The South does nor desire disunion; but,
I say, beware how you convince her that her in-
stitutions can never be extended on an equality
with yours; that she must remain in the Union,
umesistingly to submit to increasing assaults on
her property, until, as a leading paper of New
York has lately said, her planters work their plan- ■
tations but as managers foi northern owners, and ,
her people are heweis of wood and drawers of ;
water for a sectional majority ! Do you believe :
she will submit to the coxisoquences of such a be-
lief and such a policy? if you do, 1 ask why ? ■
Is it that her pecuniary interest in slavery is so 1
small? It is valued at not less than two thou-
sand million dollars. "YViil it be because she is 1
weak? She feeds all her own peoph1, and holds
the keys of the commerce of the world, and of the
industrial fabric of England. Is it that she is torn
by divisions and jealousies? Her population is
the most homogeneous in race, and the most
closely identified in interest and in social institu-
tions, that the world has ever seen on so large a
scale. Do you believe her people less brave-, less
jealous of their rights and their honor than your-
selves ? You would not submit to exclusion from
the common property; you would not quietly be
denied all participation in the appointed work and
destiny of your race—the extension of your pe-
culiar system of labor and civilization. Can you
desire—do you think—that they will be less at-
tached to their system* less determined to fulfill
their mission m fairly and honorably upholding
and strengthening it? Let their history answer!
They may not be the equals of their revolutionary
sires; it may seem to you that time has made them
comparatively weaker; but
 that which they are, they are,
One equal temper of heroic hearts.
If weak by time and fate, yet strong In will,
To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield."
Sir. I speak for myself, and the people whom
I especially represent on this floor, ana I think I
can speak with equal confidence for the whole
South, when I say that while we love our mother
States above all things—first, last, and forever—
yet we are sincerely attached to the Union of all
the States; that we love every star which glitters
on the azure field of its banner; we prize the com-
mon glories that consecrate that flag;; we wonder
at the beneficence of a kind Providence, which
has made a vast granary in the northwest, which
has lavished water power and mechanical advant-
ages and ingenuity m the northeast, and has en-
dowed the agvicultural-loving South with the sta-
ples of man, and the scepter of his commerce; we
are grateful to the wisdom that has united these
different sections mto one grand alliance, which
secures a perfect free trade in the exchange of our
varied productions, and the supply of our mutual
wants; and we admire the universal peace which
the Union has sprpad over a mighty continent.
I say we value all these things, and H is, there-
fore, that we stand here this day, as in days past,
to do battle for the only means of preserving these
to you and to us—to defend the Constitution of
our country. It is because we value them that we
will ask nothing but what is right and submit to
nothing that is wrong. And what is right is State
equality m the enjoyment of our Territories, and
the opportunity peacefully to extend our several
institutions.
1 appeal to you, then, in the name of the Con-
stitution and the Union, to pause before you re-
ject Kansas, and thereby declare that there shall
be no more slave States. I appeal to Democrats
on tins side of the House. Your Republican op-
ponents care nothing for Kansas; but they urge
the rejection in order to keep open the agitation.
They know that, once admitted, all sections will
acquiesce in what cannot be undone, and their
occupation will be gone; but if rejected,agitation
may be kept up, and the Democratic party beaten
next fall. And then the road is open to sectional
parties. Church after church has been torn asun-
der by this fanatical sentiment of anti-slavery.
Its remorseless waves have washed up the very
foundations of the old Whig party, and scarcely
left a rum to mark its place. The pasteboard
castle of the Americans has been blown down by
its fierce breath. The Democratic party elone re-
mams—the only organization coterminus with the
Union itself. It alone knows all sections, and is
just to all. Conservative, Union-loving, law-abid-
ing men everywhere, are gathering within its
camp. It has carried our country to its present
grandeur. Amidst all the wanderings and fluctu-
ations of its long campaigns, it has worked into
the pure light of constitutional truth and State
equality. It is endeared to the hearts of our peo-
ple by many a glorious wound, received in bravely
battling with the common foes of our hearths, our
Constitution, and our Union. It stands this day
and hour the last bulwark against fanaticism, the
last defense against disunion. The enemy swarms
about its position, and assails every weak spot
in its line. Alas I that I should see amongst them
men whom the Democracy has honored by gal-
lant services in times past, or that any should de-
*ert their posts. Are they unconscious of what
they do r My heart bleeds for them; and I say,
