i08
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Green.
Senate.
Who said so ? Why, the Senator from Illinois,
and, I believe, the Senator from Michigan. Who
else said so ? Did the people of Kansas say so ?
Some one of that convention may have said so;
but the convention itself, as a convention, nevSr
put its action on any such ground. To represent
them as being influenced by such a consideration
Tyhen you have not the slightest evidence, I say
is neither legitimate nor logical.
But assumptions have been made from the be-
ginning of this discussion down to the present
time; and no more gross assumptions have been
made by any Senator, than by the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky. Why, said he, this
election was all very fair on its face, but gross
frauds have been perpetrated. That Senator is a
distinguished lawyer; ho knows the force and
weight of evidence; but if he referred to anything
that would be received as evidence before any
justice of the peace in any county of his State, I
should like to have it pointed out. Why, said
he, both the Governors have given it as their opin-
ion that a large majority of the people of the Ter-
ritory are againsttheconstitution. Talkingabout
legal proceedings, the Senate of the United States
having a constitution, adopted according to law,
brought before them, it is to be overruled, broken
drwn by the opinion of two gentlemen who rode
through the country! Why, sir, will a lawyer
assert that to be evidence at all ? When did they
give that evidence ? Since they fell out with the
Administration, and joined the enemy. It is no
evidence at all, and comes in a very questionable
shape.
Again: the Senator from Illinois says this con-
stitution does not meet the will of the people.
Where is the evidence of that? Why the Legis-
lature elected in October passed resolutions pro-
testing against its reception and admission. Does
that prove that the constitution does not meet the
will of the people of Kansas? Does he not know
that, when that Legislature was elected, the con-
stitution had not been formed? That Legislature
was elected in October; the convention had not
then formed the constitution. Did they condemn
it in advance? Did they reflect the will of their
constituents? The question had not been before
the voters of the Territory to say whether they
approved that constitution or did not approve it;
and, consequently, the Legislature elected could
not possibly represent them and reflect their will
on that subject. It is worse than idle, it is abso-
lutely ridiculous, to say that the Legislature elect-
ed in October, before the constitution was formed,
could express the will of the people on that con-
stitution. The convention, chosen by the people
to make the constitution, can better reflect the will
of the people than the Legislature chosen for a
diffeient purpose.
The people elected that convention to make a
constitution. They had not then performed their
work. They electcd a certain set of men to go
to the Territorial Legislature. Subsequent to that
election the people's convention did form a con-
stitution, and the Legislature undertook to pro-
nounce judgment upon the work of the people's
representatives. Does that afford any evidence
that it would be condemned by the people ? I can-
not so understand it; nor do I believe that any
man who will tuin his attention to it for one mo-
ment will believe it is entitled to any weight or
consideration whatever. Even the Senator from
Illinois, folio wing the example of the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky, says, "Ask the Gov-
ernors what the will of the people there is." Is
that to have any weight? I submit, with due
deference to the longer experience of the distin-
guished Senators, that the way to ascertain the
people's will is not to ask their Governors what
it is. Can you have the people's will except when
collected in the form of law? Will you look at
a mob, guess at its size, and say that that over-
rides a legal vote? You sanction that principle
when you undertake to repudiate the action of
this legal convention, because a Governor may
have said he rode through the country and counted
so many stumps and so many cabins, and he was
inclined to think the majority was on that side.
I trust such arguments will never be made here
again. Moreover, the Governors were not chosen
by the people, while the convention was, for the
direct purpose of making the constitution, and
their action is the best evidence of the people's
will.
The Legislature of the Territory was n ot chosen
for the purpose of expressing the will of the peo-
ple on the constitution ;neither was the Governor,
who was appointed by Federal authority.
But the great question, it is said, is, does the
constitution embody the people's will ? Now I
come to the point which I have been incidentally
noticing for some time. Their will is collected
only through the forms of law. But, says one Sen-
ator, we do not object to these forms of law, but
we go for the equity of the case. Well, what is
equity? First, equity follows the law; second, the
rules of evidence in equity and law are the same.
If in law your evidence would not be admissible,
neither will it be received in equity to ascertain
the equity of this case. Flying report, wild guess,
visionary imaginations, are to be brought up to
weigh down legal evidence, by old experienced
lawyers and statesmen. I am astonished at it.
There must bean impelling power behind to rush
them into error so gross, else it could never be
done. What that impelling influence is I know
not. In the United States of America, distin-
guished for its endeavors to protect the people's
rights, there has never been but one rule to col-
lect the people's will—by a legal proceeding. The
moment you depart from this rule, when you next
have an electionof Presidentof the United States
the ballots will be cast, the votes will be counted,
the electors returned, and a wild cry will be raised
outside of this Capitol—Governors A, B, C, or
D will say that an immense majority of the people
of the United States were opposed to the Presi-
dent. They will say he does not represent the
public will; that a majority are against him. I
have already heard it said that Mr. Buchanan is
a minority President, that Mr. Pierce was a mi-
nority President. Take one more step, incite the
people in their frensy to go one inch further under
the example intimated here that you may guess
at numbers, and not take the people's will in the
forms of law, and you will nave bristling bay-
onets and threatening cannon pointed at the walls
of your Capitol to displace those legally elected
to put in the mob and the candidate of the mob.
It is fraught with a danger that demands the most
serious reflection. We should pause before we
set an example so calamitous in its tendency.
Does this constitution embody thepeople's will?
I say, yes; and when I answer, I predicate my
answer upon that which cannot be controverted
orgainsayed. When the Opposition answer.it is
a loose, unsupported assertion. But the question,
does it embody the people's will ? comes back with
all its force, again and again. What is the test?
Were there disfranchised counties where mem-
bers were not elected ? That does not affect it.
There were but very few people in them, and
nearly all the people were registered—all were,
that desired it. You cannot compel a man to vote.
You ought to give all the privilege of voting; and
having the privilege, if they refuse to vote, the
consequence must rest upon their own heads. Take
the case of Iowa, to which the Senator from Ken-
tucky referred 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Not Iowa; Wisconsin.
Mr. GREEN. I thought it was Iowa to which
the Senator referred.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. GREEN. I think I am correct, and the
Senator will see that I am correct in a moment.
He was upon the point that a constitution was
formed by them, and the boundary, or some other
part, was not acceptable to Congress. Congress
said to them, you may come in, if you conform
your boundary to the northern boundary of the
State of Missouri, and comply with certain con-
ditions. The constitution went back to the State,
and Congress never heard anything more of it;
and I will tell you why. The people voted it
down. Congress undertook to change the bound-
ary which the people had inserted in the first con-
stitution, and to prescribe terms to them. They
voted down the propositions which Congress made
to them, and subsequently formed a new consti-
tution; but when they did come into the Union,
what was the evidence that it embodied the peo-
ple's will ?
Mr. HAR.LAN. Will the Senator allow me a
moment ?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. Congress prescribed no new
boundary to Iowa, as the Senator will see by ex-
amining the act.
Mr. GREEN. It prescribed some conditions
which they repudiated. How was the second
constitution received? By a submission to the
people. What was the vote upon that? Now
you want clear, unmistakable evidence that the
constitution embodies the people's will. In the
case of Iowa, over nine thousand four hundred
and fifty voted for the constitution, and nine thou-
sand and sixty voted against the constitution, and
three counties were disfranchised. If the votes
of those three counties had been brought in, and
counted in the negative they would have over-
turned that majority. Yet you see the forms of
law were observed. One of those counties, which
seems to be rather remarkable, was named Buch-
anan; not a vote was received from it. There
were two other counties from -which not a vote
was received; butyet it was theirown negligence.
The law afforded them the opportunity, and if
they did not avail themselves of that opportunity,
they were bound by the decision of those who
went to the polls and voted. So in Kansas; so in
California; so in every instance. I believe there
never has been a vote taken in the United States
in which every man participated who was en-
titled.
Take the case of the recent amendments to the
constitution in the State of Pennsylvania. I am
informed by the Senator from that State that they
can poll about five hundred thousand votes in the
State. Last year they adopted some amendments
to their constitution, less than one hundred and
forty thousand voting. The highest vote that any
amendment received, vvas one hundred and six-
teen or one hundred and eighteen thousand. Yet
it svas the will of the people—the legally expressed
will. Those who do not think it proper to come
forward and exercise the rights which are extended
to them, are bound by the decision that is made.
Deal with Kansas on the same principle; extend
to her the same rule of action, and you will be
estopped from finding any fault or making any
complaint. But every time they hear this word
estopped, a cold shudder seems to run over these
Republican Senators. Estopped! They say that
is the lawyer's plea. I trust we are not opposed
to law and order. I trust we will ever act on the
legal rules established by centurics of experience,
by enlightened human reason, as best calculated
and designed to protect the rights of the people.
On those we ever act; and when we depart from
them, we will be not only at sea without rudder
and without compass, but we will be in a terrific
storm driving us upon the rocks of destruction.
But one of the great and important points—it
looms up with great magnificence in the Opposi-
tion here—is the vote on the 4th of January. After
the constitution had been finally adopted, and was
complete, on the 21st day of December, after the
work of the convention had been consummated,
a Legislature meets—not appointed for that pur-
pose, not selected for that purpose, because when
they were elected, in October, the constitution had
not been formed—but in spite of that, without
instruction from the people, without authority
from the people, they undertake to defeat the will
of the people by ordering a subsequent election.
I would like to know if I could dare to a$t that
question, who gave instructions out there to get
up that vote? Whence did the orders emanate?
Who sent them the advice? It makes no differ-
ence to me how it originated; its consequences are
just the same; but, as a matter of curiosity, to go
into and fill up the vacant spaces in the history of
this strange transaction, I would like to know who
issued the orders. Had thatLegisIature the power
to order an election? Why, say Senators, it had
as much power over the subject of a constitution
as had any preceding Legislature. I say they
had not. I have before stated to you that the
source of power was the people, not the Legisla-
ture. They only make use of the Legislature as
a legal instrumentality to collect the people's will.
The people instructed the Legislature to call that
convention. The people had, by a direct vote,
said, we want a State organization. Therefore,
when the Legislature met, they were but doing
and performing, in the language of the report, " a
