1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Grad-forgive them J F.von now J appeal to them.
It is rmC ion late to redeem your error. The foe
may Imve passed rdund your unguarded station;
Rati(Ji>l| h may have lost a-rpse from his chaplet;
it may yet be. replaced in his wreath, where it will
Wooirjwith an lmmortaliuster; for it will be the
memorial that you joined us in time to save the
battle, and to crush out the fanatical .enemies of
Scate equality; that you aided to close up the dim
vista of disunion which was seen through'the
breaches of the .Democratic ranks, and you will
share with .us the triumphant defense of our Con-
stitution and our Union, now and forever, one
aad inseparable.
Mr. POTXkE obtained the floor.
Mr, BISHOP I, would appeal to my friend
from New York to let me have the floor now, as
I shall be called away by the first train to visit a
sick child, and I trust unanimous consent will be
granted that he may follow.
Mr. POTTLE. I am anxious to speak now,
but, under the circumstances, if I will have the
floor for the following hour, and nobody objects,
I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HOWARD. I object.
Mr. POTTLE. Then I yield unconditionally.
Mr. BISHOP. Mr. Chairman, it would be
much more gratifying to my feelings, at the pres-
ent time, to remain silent; but I find that I can-
not, in justice to myself and to those Connecticut
Democrats whom I, in part, represent, permit this
occasion to pass without expiessing my views oil
this great question.
I find, sir, that an attempt has been made to
create the idea, throughout the North, that the
friends of the Administration from the North were
restamed by fear, or some other cause, from ex-
pressing their sentiments on this subject. An in-
timation was thrown out the other day, by a gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Morris,] that but one
Democrat from the North had, at that time, dared
to open his mouth on this subject, and that the
political crucifixion which was in store for him,
had frightened the rest of us out of our consist-
ency. The gentleman said:
" I doubt whe tiier there is a single northern Democrat on
this floor, who is sustaining this Lecompton outiuge, rhat
does riot tec] he is stepping into hid political grave, and that
a fearful retribution awaits him at home."
Now, sir, that explains to my mind the motives
by which some men are influenced in their action
on this question. I will not say that they are
preparing the way for a reelection to this House;
I will not say that they have got their fingers
upon the public pulse, and are administering
medicine just as that beats faster or slower; but
I will say that I thank them for the announce-
ment which they make to the country and the
world, that there are some northern Democrats
still left so devoid of political ambition, so regard-
less of the evils which may await them, that they
are willing to meet a premature political grave,
and a fearful retribution, in order to carry out
what they believe to be for the best interests of
the country. [Applause on the floor and in the
galleries.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. When the gentle_
man quotes from my speech, let him quote m con
nection with what follows—let him quote the
whole paragraph.
Mr. BISHOP. I was going to remark that I
regretted that the gentleman, after havjng con-
ferred this compliment upon a few of us, should
have made a qualification to it; for he says:
"Relieve this question to-day of the pressuie of the Ad-
ministration, which has maiked upon it the imprint of its?
power and its favor as plainly as the sun is marked upon
the heavens on a cloudle&s day, and I have no idea that
tlnee Demociats from the North could be louud willing to
adimtKan&ai! under the circumstances.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is a very great pity that
the gentleman should have marred the beauty of
the compliment by such a qualification. What
does he mean ? Does he mean to say that all these
men of the North who stand by the Administra-
tion on this question are actuated by base and un-
worthy motives ? Does he mean to say that they
have sacrificed Tr.eir political honor and integrity
fur the sake of Executive patronage and favor ? If
be means to bring this charge against the Democ-
racy of Connecticut, all I have to say is, that I
very much doubt the propriety and consistency
ofn Representativefrom lllinoiscallingin question
th * imeguty of Connecticut Democrats until the
people of Illinois have paid our people at least the
interest upon the money they owe them. [Laugh-
ter and applause.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels it his duty
to say that applause in the galleries cannot be tol-
erated—nor^upoin the floor—and hopes that these
demonstrations of applause will not be repeated.
Mr. BISHOP. Now, Mr,. Chairman, before
proceeding to the Kansas question I wish to say
a-word or two in regard to the position of the
Democratic party in Connecticut upon this im«-
portant question, which for years has disturbed
the peace and harmony of the country-^-I refer to
the question of slavery. Under the Constitution
of the United States,as understood by itsframers,
the Democracy of Connecticut accord to our
brethren of the South the right to pontrol and
manage the institution of slavery in their own
States as to them shall seem best; we accord to
them the right to move into the Territories of
these United States with their property whenever
and wherever they please, so long as they are
Territories; we accord to them the right to bring
into this Union new States, either with or without
slavery, according to the legally and fairly ex-
pressed will of the majority of the people of such
States at the time of their admission. We believe,
Mr. Chairman, that these were some of the great
com promises of the Constitution which our fathers
were willing to make in order to establish this
Government—a Government which has done
more for humanity and more for religion than any
which has existed since the world began.
And because, Mr. Chairman, we are disposed
to accord those constitutional rights to the South,
we have been denounced by Abolitionists and Re-
publicans as dough-faces—as northern men with
southern principles. The charge is false. We
arc northern men with national principles. We
take the Constitution as we find it, and not as we
wish it was; and if gentlemen have any fault to
find with that, let them heap their curses upon
their slaveholdmg ancestors. If gentlemen really
profess such sentiments as they seem to entertain
in regard to the sin and wickedness of the insti-
tution, as recognized under the Constitution, let
them go to some New England grave-yard, and
there, amid the decayed and broken tablets, which
mark the last resting places of their fathers, they
will find one monument more conspicuous than the
rest, which has not felt the withering effect of
time, and which stands as brightand beautiful as
it did upon the very day when the Legislature of
some northern State planted it there as a feeble
token of respect to their delegate in the national
convention; and after having read the inscription
which a grateful posterity has engraved upon its
polished side, let them ease the vindictive feelings
of their philanthropic breasts by inscribing be-
neath it: "here lies buried a man who has be-
queathed to the country a heritage of infamy and
shame; cursed be his name for ever."
If still their virtuous feelings oppress them, let
them visit the consecrated soil of Mount Vernon,
ransack its honored tomb, gather-up the bones of
the slaveholdmg Father of their Country, clothe
them in the levolutionary garments which he
preserved within the walls of yon marble build-
ing, and hang them in effigy upon the nearest
tree, as they hang in effigy those men at the
North who only seek to carry out the obligations
ofthe Constitution which such men have imposed
upon them. [Applause m the galleries.]
Mr. K1LGORE. I rise to a question of or-
der. 1 protest against these demonstrations of
applause from the employes of the Government
in the galleries.
The CHAIRMAN. Th>e gentleman from Con-
necticut will pause. The Chair once more ap-
pealsto gentlemen upon the floorand in thegulle-
ries not to make these demonstrations of ap-
plause. They are unsuitable to a deliberative
body.
Mr. BISHOP. I do not ask any applause
from the galleries.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hopes that gen-
tlemen will remember that it is his duty to pre-
serve order, and will not requite that this matter
shall be mentioned again.
Mr. BISHOP. I trust, Mr. Chairman, that
these views of the Connecticut Democracy are
satisfactory to all the conservative men of the
South, and when we stand by them in all their
constitutional and just rights, they can ask and
expect no more. Such a Democracy as this it
behooves our southern friends to strengths , -f
encourage, and not to weaken and destroy .\j •
of our friends feel and appreciate this, but some
there are, I regret to say, actuated, no doubt, by
pure motives, but certainly by.misguided zeal and
an unfortunate judgment, who are doing more in
a single day to weaken-and paralyze our organ-
ization than all the combined forces of the oppo-
sition could accomplish in a year. I refer to that
class.of arguments so often delivered upo.i rL.s
floor in jvhich the slave is compared with the >';   
laborer of the North; in which slavery «« ^ i>omh
as a moral and religious institution; in win-h rht=
crime and pauperism existing at the Nmih are
attributed solely to the absence of the r< forming
and enriching qualities of the-peculiar institution.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the Democratic party in
Connecticut is composed, to a great extent, of the
bone and sinew of the State, of honest, faithful,
hard-working men, who earn their bread by the
sweat of their brows. If any gentlemen of the
South really believe that they are not as good or
as well off as the southern negroes, they have the
right to think so; but it would be much more satis-
factory to me, and much more gratifying to them,
if they would only think so, and not incorporate
their thoughts into their speeches, [Laughter;]
for just as sure as one of these speeches is deliv-
ered on this floor, you find the Republican mem-
bers on the other side subscribing for it by the
hundred and the thousand, scattering it broadcast
through the North; and the Republican orators
read extracts from it to the people, and sneeringly
tell them: "These, these, are the sentiments of
the South, which place you lower in the scale of
humanity than the African negro, and such are
the men whom the Democratic party in the North
is calling on you to sustain." They are put forth
as the sentiments of the South; and I can assure
gentlemen they do more to send Republican mem-
beis to this House than any other cause that could
possibly be invented.
Mr. Chairman, there is another argument which
I have heard advanced on this floorby ourfnends,
which mjuies usat the North, particularly among
the moral and religious portion of our party—
which constitutes a very large portion of it—and
that is, such an argument as was pres^ntpd the
other day by my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Gart-
rell,] in which he endeavored to prove that sla-
very was an institution from God, enjoined upon
us by the inspired Word; and that it was neces-
sary, in order to give an elevated tone to the
morals of the community. Now, I have no doubt
the gentleman really thinks so; he has a right to
think so; but we do not think that God has got
anything particular to do with it. [Laughter.]
I apprehend the gentleman from Georgia does
notadvocate the institution so much out of respect
for the old Levitical law, as he does out of his
zeal to promote the interests of his constituents
and of his State. But if he does, Mr. Chairman,
he must take the whole as well as a part of the
law; and if he refers to chapter xi., verses 7, 8,
of that same law of Leviticus, he will find the fol-
lowing:
" And the swine, though he divide the hoof and be clo-
ven-footed, yet he cheweth not the cud ; he is unclean to
you.
" Of thoir flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcass shall ye
not touch ; they are unclean to you."
Now, when the gentleman from Georgia is again
a candidate for reelection, should he tell his con-
stituents from the stump that it was contrary to
the Divine law for them any longer to eat pork
or bacon, and that he considered it his religious
duty to have that law made the law ofthe State of
Georgia, I think it would be a long time before wo
should see him here on this floor again clothed
with representative power. He would fall a mar-
tyr to his religious zeal. [Laughter.] Well,now,
the Democracy of Connecticut are a God-fearing,
Christian people. Their standard of morality is
high.
Mr. GARTRELL. I dislike very much to in-
terrupt the gentleman; but 
Mr. BISHOP. I cannot spare the time. They
think they are right. The gentleman from Geor-
gia may think he is right. If we are both right,
let us drop the subject, and content ourselves with
the reflection that your people are notour people,
neither is your God our God.
But there is one more argument which does us
at the North great injury, and which does the
