1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Jove and liberty, and guided by the wisdom which comes
fsoin the instincts and expenence of the immortal soul, as
developed in the people, Democracy exists in fheimpensh
able pnnciple of progress and registers its achievements in
the irir-timnons of freedom, and in the blessings which char
actenzeand beautify the realities of life. Its genius is to
assert and advance the true dignity of mind, to elevate the
motives arid affections of man, and to extend, establish,
piotect. and equalize the common rights of humanity.
{i Oondorcet, altliqugh an aristocrat by genius and by
birth, became a Democrat from philosophy."— Lamartine.
il A few years since^a Whig member of the United States
Senate sneermgly asked^tjafor Allen, of Ohio, the ques-
tion, 4 what is Democracy.?? The following was the prompt
r^ply: * Demociracy.is"a.sert4iment not to be appalled, cor-
rupted, or compromised. It knows no baseness; it cowers
to no,dagger-; it oppresses no weakness; destructive only of
odspotisni, it is the'sole conservator of libeity, labor, and
property It is the sentiment of freedom, of equal riahts,
of equal obligations—the law of nature pervading the law
of the tend.'"
1 What, sir,' asked Patrick Henry, in the Vitginia con-
vention, of 1778, 4 is the genius of Democracy ? Let me read
that clause of the bill of i ights of Virginia which relates to
this, (third clause :) That government is or ought to be in-
stituted for the common benefit, piotection, and security of
the people, nation, or community; of all the vanous modes
and forms of government, that is best which is capable of
producing the gi eatest degree of happiness and £>aietv, and
is mo^t effectually secured against the daneeis of mal-ad-
nmustration ; and that whenever any Government shall
be found inadequate,or contrary to tho-e pimciples, or con-
trary to tho^e pui poses a inajonty of the community hath
an indubitable, inalienable, and indefeasible right to reform,
alter, oi abolish it, m such manner as shall he judged the
most conducive to the public weal.7 "—Elliots Debates,
vol. 3, page 77.
In the same convention, Judge Marshall, said:
What are the favorite maxims of Demociacy? A s-uict
observance of justice and public faith, and a steady adher-
ence to vhtue—these. sir, are the principles of a good gov-
ernment."—J7;?rf vol 3, page'2:23.
11 'Democracy.' pays the late Mr. Legar^, of South Caro-
lina, in an article published in the New York Review,4 in
the high and only true sense of that much abused woid, is
the destiny of nations, because u is the spirit of Chiistian-
ity.' -Vol. 5, page 297
I have referred to the remarks of the Senator
from Alabama to show that if his doctrines were
true, he should go for the passage of the home-
stead hill, because, in order to sustain the Gov-
ernment on the principles laid down by him, every
man should be a property-holder. I want it un-
derstood that I enter a disclaimer to the doctrine
presented by him, and merely present his argu-
ment to show why he, above all others, ought to
go for the homestead policy. I lefer to Mr. Le-
gare, Judge Marshall, and the author of the his-
tory of Democracy, as laying down my notions
of Democracy, as contradistinguished from those
laid down by the distinguished Senator from Ala-
bama. We are both membene of the Democratic
party, I claim to be a Democrat, East, West,
North, or South, or any where else, i have nothing
to disguise. I have referred to the Declaration of
Independence, and to Mr. Jefferson's inaugural
address, for the purpose of showing that Democ-
racy means something very different from what
was laid down by the distinguished Senator from
Alabama. I furthermore refer to these important
documents to show that property is not the lead-
ing element of government and of society. Mr.
Jefferson lays down, as truths to be self-evident,
ihatlife, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are
the leading essentials of government.
But it is not my purpose to dwell longer on that;
and 1 wish to pass to the speech of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond.] I disa-
gree in much that was said by that distinguished
Senator; and I wish to show that he ousju to go
for the homestead policy, so as to interest every
man in the country. If property is the leading
and principal element an which society res's; if
property is the main object for which government
was created, the gentlemeirwho are the foremost,
the most zealous, and most distinguished advo-
cates of that doctrine should sustain tne home-
Ptead policy. The honorable Senator from South
Carolina, in his speech on the L^compton consti-
tution, by innuendo or indirection, iiad a hit at
the homestead—a side blow, tie said:
"Yoiit people are awaking. They are coming here. They
are tbundei mg at our doors foi homestead-, one hundred
and fixtv acrrs of land for nothing; and southern Senators
are supnoituig thorn. Nav, they aie asseniDlmg, as I have
bind. wnh aims in then h.ipd-., and demanding wosk at
$1,000 a year for «ix hour* a day. Have you heard that the
ghosts or" Mendoza and Toujuenrida are stnlking in the
streets of your gieat cities? That the InquiMUon is at
baud?"
If this be true, as assumed by the distinguished
Senator from South Carolina, is it not an argu-
ment why men should be placed in a condition
where they will not clamor, where they will not
raise mobs to threaten Government, and demand
homesteads? Interest these men in the country;
give them homes, or let them take homes; let
them become producers; let them become better
citizens; let them be more reliable at the ballot-
box. I want to take them on theirground, their
principle, that property is the main element of
society and £>f government; and if their doctrine
be true, the argument is still stronger in favor of
the homestead than the position I assume. But
the distinguished Senator from South Carolina
goes on;
u In all social systems there mu«t be a class to do the
menial duties, to perform the diudgery of life. Thatfs, a
class requiring but a low order of intellect, and but little
skill. Its requisites are vigor, docility, fidelity. Such a class
you must have, or you would not have that other class which
leads piogiess, civilization, and refinement. It constitutes
the very mud sill of society and of political government;
and you might as well attempt to build a hou>e in the air,
as to build eithei the one or the other, except on this mud-
sill.
4,14 The poor ye always have with you for the man who
lives by daily labor, and scarcely lives at that, and who has
to put out he, labor in the maiket, and take the best he can
get for it—m short, vour whole hireling class of manual la-
borers and • operatives,' as you call them, are essentially
slaves. The difference between us is, that our slaves aie
hned for hie and well compensated; there is no starvation,
no begging, no wantof emplovmentairiongour people; and
not too much employment eithei. Youis are hned by the
day, not cared for, and scantily compensated, which may be
proved in the most painful manner, at any hour, in any street
in any of your large towns. Why, you meet more beggars m
one day, m any single stieet of the city of New Yoik, than
you would meet m a lifetime in the whole South. We do
not think that whites should be slaves eithei by law or ne-
cessity.5'
In this portion of the Senator's remarks I con- |
cur. I do not think whites should be slaves; and
if slavery is to exist in this country, I prefer black
slavery to white slavery. But what I want to get
at is, to show that my worthy friend from South
Carolina should defend the homestead policy, and
the impolicy of making the invidious remarks that
have been made here in reference to a portion of
the population of the United States. Mr. Presi-
dent, so far as I am concerned, I feel that I can
afford to speak what are my sentiments. I am
no aspirant for anything on the face of God Al-
mighty's earth. I have reached the summit of
my ambition. .The acme of all my hopes has been
attained, and I would not give the position I oc-
cupy here to-day for any other in the United
States. Plence, I say, I can afford to speak what
I believe to be true.
In one sense of the term we are all slaves. A
man is a slave to his ambition; he is a slave to
his avarice; he is a slave to his necessities: and,
in enumerations of this kind, you can scarcely
find any man, high or low in society, but who, in
some sense, is a slave; but they are not slaves m
the sense we mean at the South, and it will not
do to assume that every man who toils for his liv-
ing is a slave. If that ho so, all are slaves; for j
all must toil more or less, mentally or physically.
But in the other sense of the term, we are not j
slaves. Will it do to assume that the man who i
labors with his hands,every man who is an oper- |
ative m a manufacturing establishment or a shop, |
is a slaver No, sir; that will not do. Will it j
do to assume that every man who does not own :
slaves, but has to live bv his own labor, i.-? a slave ?
That will not do. If this were true, it would be ,
very unfortunate for a good many or us, and es- !
ppciolly so for me. T am a laborer with my hands, '
and I never considered myself a slave, in the ac- .
ceptation of the term slave in the South. I do own i
some; I made them by my industry, by the labor 1
of my hands. In that sense of tne term \ should ■
have been a slave while I was earning them with ■
the labor of mv hands.
Mr. HAMMOND. Will the Senator define a
slave ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What we un-
derstand to be a slavein the South, is a man who .
is held dnring his natural life subject to, and under !
the control of, a master. The necessities ofhfe,
and the various positions in which a man may be 1
placcd, operated upon by avarice, gam, or ambi-
tion, may cats? him to labor; but that does not
make a slave. How many men are there in soil- ■
ety who go out and work with their own hands, ■
who reap i:i the field, and mow in a meadow, who
hoe corn, who work in the shops? Are they
slaves r If we were to go back and follow out tins
idea, that every operative and laborer is a slave, !
we should find that we have had a great many dis- j
tineuished slaves 3ince the world commenced. !
Socrates, who first concei ved the idea-of the kn-
ji mortality of the soul, Pagan as he was, labored*
| with his own hands;—yes, wielded the chisel and
|! the mallet, giving polish and finish to the stone; he-
•j afterwardsiurned tobeafashionerandconstruetor
of the mind. Paul, the great expounder, himself
was a tent-maker, and worked with his hands:;
| was he a slave? Archimedes,who declared that,-
j, if he had a place on which to rest the fulcrum, with?
j« the power of his lever he could move the world:-
was he a slave? Adam, our great father and head,
j1 the lord of the world, was a tailor by trade: I
ji wonder if he was a slave ?
|| When we talk about laborers and operatives,-
' look at the columns that adorn this Chamber, and
see their finish and style. We are lost in admi-
ration at the architecture of your buildings, and
their massive columns We can speak with ad-
miration. What would it have been butfor hands
to construct it? Was the artizan who worked
upon it a slave? Let us go to the South and see
how the matter stands there. Is every man that
is not a slaveholder to be denominated a slave be-
cause he labors? Why indulge in such a notion?
The argument cuts at both ends of the line, and
these kind of doctrines do us infinite harm in the
South. There are operatives there; there are la-
borers there; there are mechanics there. Are they
I slaves ? Who is it in the South that gives us title
[| and security to the institution of slavery ? Who
;J is it, lot me ask every southerner around me?
!j Suppose, for instance, we take the State of South
I, Carolina; and there are many things about her
jj and her people that I admiie: we find that the
j 384,984 slaves in South Carolina are owned by
i how many whites? They are owned by 25,556.
ij Take the State of Tennessee, with a population
j' of 800,000; 239,000 slaves are owned by 33,864
j! persons. The slaves in the State of Alabamaaro
|| owned by 29,295 whites. The whole number of
| slaveholders in all the slave States, when summed
'i up, makes 347,000, owning three and a half mil-
:j lion slaves. The white population in South
,1 Carolina is 274,000; the slaves greater than the
whiles. The aggregate population of the State
his 668,507.
•1 The operatives in South Carolina are 68,540.
j; Now, take the 25,000 slave-owners out, and a
!' large proportion of the people of South Carolina
!; work with their hands. Will u do to assume that,
'■ in the State of South Carolina, the State of Ten-
nes.see, the State > f Alabama,and the other slave-
holding States, all those who do not own slaves
! are slaves themselves ? Will this assumption do?
, YVnat does it do at home m our own Status? It
! has a tendency to raise piejudice, to engender op-
, position to the institution of slavery itself. Yet
our own folks will-do it.
;t Mr. MASON. Will the Senator from Tennes-
:! see allow me to interrupt him for u moment?
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
j; Mr. JVf ASON. The Senator is making an ex-
i| hibifion of the very few slaveholders in the south-
|' ern States, in proportion to the white population,
j| according to the census That is an exhibition
j! which has been made bcfoie by Senators who sit
: on thS other side of the Chamber. They have
brought before the American people what they
allege to be the fact, shown by the census, that of
I; the w'mie population in the southern States, there
II are very few who are slaveholders. The Senator
. from Tennessee is now doing the same thing. I
i' understand him to say there are but some—I do
1 not remember exactly the numbers, but I think
; three hundred thousand or a fraction more of the
• ; whites in the slaveholdmg States, who own thiee *
| million slaves; but he made no further exposition.
' I ask the Senator to state the additional fact that
, the holders of the slaves are the heads of families
of the white population: and neither that Senator
nor those whose example he has followed on the
other side, has stated the fact that the white pop-
ulation in the southern States, as in the other
States, embraces men, women, and children. He
has exhibited only the number of slaveholders
who are neads of families.
Air. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator
says I have not made an exhibit of the fact. The
Senator interrupted me before I had concluded.
I gave way as a matter of courtesy to him. Per-
haps his speech would have had no place, if he
had waited to hear me a few moments longer.
Mr. MASON. I shall wait. I thought the Sen-
ator had passed that point.
