1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20^.
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Green.
Senate.
ministerial act,*' providing a fair, just, and equi-
table method for the people to exorcise their rights, ,
and eiect delegates to form a constitution. "VVhen
that convention assembled, it was, in contempla- ;
tion of law, according to all ideas of represent- ,
ative government, the people ofKansas;and could
no more be interfered with, stayed, checked, or
controlled in its action, than could a convention
in one State be controlled by a Legislature in an-
other. The Legislature of the Tcuitory, after
this constitution is adopted, undertakes to set it
aside; undertakes to make a submission in a man-
ner that must set it aside, and for the design of
setting it aside, if it could have any legal effect
whatever. But who ever heard of a State consti- ;
tution being thus submitted ?
Now, if i have been successful in proving that .
the steps taken there were legal steps, were usual I
steps, were proper steps, all of them ended in the
consummation of the instrument on the 21st of :
December, and it was then a fixed fact and a con- j
stitution of a State—not in the Union, bccause it j
cannot be in the Union without the assent of Con-
gress. Then, being a constitution, thus formed 1
and emanating from the people, it could be no |
more interfered with than could the constitution 1
of the State of New York be voted down by sub-
mitting it to a vote of the people. What would '
any Senator think if lie should hear it stated that;
in his own State the Legislature had said, " we 1
will see whether this is the constitution or not,
and wo will submit it to a vote of the people?"
Suppose the constitution had been performing its
functionsfor twenty years,yet thatatonce some- j
body, like the sentimental German mentioned by ;
Mr. Webster, should say, "an idea strikes me; |
ictus see whether our constitution embodies the i
people's will; and let us submit it to a vole of the
people." When the Senator from Kentucky
holds forth that idea ir su ikes me with real aston-
ishment. I had not learned m the bame school.
He uses this language:
Was it not of consequencc, was it not of importance, to
know tin; will of the people, whether they i<ally did ap-
ptove of this constitution winch was about to be ofieied lo
Cou^iosj—a law wlm h, when Con^-ie^ puts Ha ?'/)pnma-
iur on if hy admitting the State, i-u  be pfiunnent5 Would
it 1)0 an} harm to take the vote over and ovet a^.un 3 What
objection could thcie he lo it? Vou nu^lit have said, k a ^
aw unneees^.ny caie of the people's* ; ,\ou have had
then decision once ; thciefore. il is not nece^-ai v to have
it a«ain but our of abundant care and abundant zeal
you may choose to take u again and a<iain,a:)d a.-eeitam
w bethel theie maybe change or vanation in tne public
opinion. Where is the man who can say aught .i ain>t it ?
Do you object to it because taking too giefucaie of pub-
lic libeity* paying too great lespect to populat nght-*? No
body will take tliat giound/'
According to this idea of the Senator, although
a constitution may be faiily and finally adopted,
yet we should adopt the principle of saying, there
may be a change of opinion, and we will take the
sense of thepeople again andagain and again upon
it. After Kentucky has adopted a constitution,
and the people have lived under it for years, would
it be in the power of any one all at once to say,
*• an idea strikes me; I will see whether this em-
bodies th** will of the people; let us take the vote
again and again and again.'5 You can with as
much propriety do it in the one case as in tiio
other. If that convention adopted a constitution
at nil, you could no more interfere with it than
could the Legislature of Kentucky interfere with
their constitution by savins', " we will ascertain
nirani and again and again whether the people now
approve of it." It is contrary to the principles
of government. Take the ease of the election of
the smallest officer m the smallest municipality.
Even in the eh.etion of a constable, could any one
the next day after the election say, " let us try
this over again, and see if there is any change;''
and the day n/ter that say, " let us try it over and
over a^-ain, in order to see if there is any change
in public opinion1 expect Colonel Fremont
would hke to have adopted the doctrine of the
Senator fiom Iveninc.ky, in order to try the pres-
idential elec'ion over again. [Laughter.] I re-
member when I went to school and played at mar-
hies, the boy- used to cry " slips" on me, in order
to try jt over agahi. When a power has been ex-
ercised according to law, there is no power to try
it over again except by pursuing all the custom-
ary legal steps requisite to reach the same end.
'But to create doubt,to excite suspicion, to gen-
erate distrust, ond make men afraid to do then*
duty, the Opposition insinuate and charge fiaud.
I have heard the cry of fraud so often, that I
would almost think the old maxim had been
adopted—I do not apply it to Senators—hut a
very distinguished man once said, a lie well stuck
to and oft repeated was as good as the truth.
Fraud! What fraud affecting either one of the
elections relating to the adoption of this constitu-
tion ? I challenge any Senator to show it. What
fraud ? Was there fraud when the people voted
and said m an emphatic voice, we want a State
government? It was not alleged. Was there
fraud when the people of Kansas elected dele-
gates, and sent them up to a convention to make
a constitution ? Neither has that been alleged.
Was there fraud affecting the validity of the de-
cision on the slavery question on the 21st of
December? That is not alleged.
It has been said by the Senator from Kentucky
that some two thousand of the votes cast on that
day are believed to be fraudulent votes. Suppose
they were: it leaves the question unaffected. The
Senator from Georgia well answered that objec-
tion. But what is the evidence that there were
any fraudulent votes5 Why, says the Senator,
the President of the Council, Mr. Babcock, and
Mr. Deitzler, Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives, both say they rode through the country,
and did not see cabins enough to hold the people
who voted. Look at the character of the evi-
dence. Here are two men, called voluntarily—
not in the performance of duty in obedience to
law, without any jurisdiction over the subject—
to fen the fairness of the opening and counting: of
tlm vote; and they say there were six thousand
seven bundled and ninety-five votes east They
then volunteer a statement in lvgmd to some of
the votes. Who are they? Hitter enemies of the
constitution—men who have been clav^d in the
secret legion—men wbo have been an ay< d against
ail government—men who have doubtless taken
tin: secietoath reported here as being discovered
and brought to light, and embodied in this report
bv Senator Douglas—an oath bv all means to ac-
complish their nefarious ends. That class of per-
sons, standing out in rebellion, standing out in
defiance of jaw, standing out in opposition to Fed-
eral authority as well as territorial authority, with
a sworn purpose to defeat that State organization,
with a sworn purpose to defeat that constitution,
who have taken an oath to prohibit slavery—they
ate the witnesses called upon by the honorable
Senator fiom Kentucky. They volunteered a
statement, and made a statement, not in the dis-
charge of any official duty; and the Htatenient
itself shows that they knew nothing about that
of which they spoke; for they say, we have been
through those counties, and are satisfied there is
not that number of people there.
Why, Mr. President, it is a fact known to those
familiar with the subject, that m Johnson county
there was a reservation of land for the Indians o"f
about double the quantity to which they were en-
titled under the treaty. It was discovered; and
citizens, before it was opened up to settlement by
the operation of the Department, went thcr s, and
made their locations oil over it. They could not
live on it, because it is prohibited under the res-
ervation; hut it would ultimately be open to mar-
ket. Those holding claims, could not make
permanent improvements, and perfect them, and
were compelled to live m the small towns around,
and watch their claims, until the reservation
should be opened by the Dcpai Linen?. Thai is
the secret of this whole matter. There was not
fraud there. As Governor Walkci has well said,
there wa*5 no danger of Missour.ans undertaking
to influence those elections; there wns no dange>-
of Missourians going over ther^, and voting. I
have his evidence m this document to vindicate
them from the charges that have been so unjustly
heaped upon their heads.
But was there no fraud at tin' election on the
4th of .Tauuai ' Vts: there was. Them can be
no question about that. They cast rnoie \otes
than they had m the whole Territory on the same
dav at the same voting at a hotly contested elec-
tion. On the constitution there ua<i no contest at
all. Our side did net vote at all on thatquestion,
the constitution being finally adopted. We stand
upon our rights and we do not intend to be tiiiW
with, said the Democratic party. I do not mean
pro-slavery men only, for there are hundreds of
men from the northern States who are in favor of a
State organization, and then, ifsubsequent events
should show that they ought not to have slavery,
to change the constitution, who willact shoulder to
shoulder with us and do do it. They said the con-
stitution being finally adopted, we will not attend
the polls. Hence these same people who could
only poll for State officers, at a hotly contested
election, six thousand two hundred and thirty-
eight votes, at an election where there was no con-
test, polled ten thousand and sixty-four. What
do you think of them? Why was this? There
was no difference in the qualification which the
voters should possess in order to exercise the
elective franchise. What constituted the differ-
ence in numbers? This: at the one place they
were watched, there was a contending party ar-
rayed against them; in the other case they were
not watched and put in as many votes as they
pleased. We know they are a class who are in
the habit of making use of fictitious names; and
that is proved by Mr. Secretary Stanton. If a
man will use a fictitious name for one purpose, as
wc have proved it on him, will he not do so again
/or another purpose ?
It is also known that over four hundred came
from Lawrence and voted at that day in Leaven-
worth. This is shown by the Lawrence vote.
The vote at Leavenworth was four hundred larger
than was their actual vote. Their vote for State
officers at Lawrence fell off a corresponding num-
ber; and yet, on the vote on the constitution at
Lawrence, they gave more votes than they ever
gave in their lives before. They involve contra-
diction; they involve absurdities; and when we
see their course, as portrayed by Governor Stan-
ton and Governor Walker, we have a right to re-
gard them as spurious. I care not, however, if
they were the most legal imaginable; I care not if
you prove them to be the 6ona fide citizens voting;
it was voting on a subject previously decided, and
1 tiust that this Congress will never set an exam-
ple which would induce the people to say: "we
will call an election on a day not appointed by
law, when a question has been finally decidcd, and
we will then vote just as many votes as we please."
It is well known that, if this principle was to be
sanctioned, the subsequent election would always
prevail. Knowing exactly how many votes were
previously cast, knowing what they had to work
up to, they could of course manufacture a major-
ity, and thus lead to fraud, to violence, and blood-
shed. The ehaiocter of those persons may be
pretty well understood from what I have quoted
m the report presented to the Senate; but, as still
better evidence upon the same subject, I beg leave
to have read an extract fio n a speech delivered
in New York, June 11. 1856*, by the very distin-
guished Senator from Illinois.
The Clerk read as follows:
11 On the other hand, in Kansas you find that the New
England Emigiaut Aid Society, tlnou?h paupetism, with u
capital of #5,000,01)0, undertook to regulate the Territoiioa
fifteen hundred miles off, and to connol then liberties, with-
out respect to the right?, wishes, and mteiestsof the people
of the Teriitoiy. This foreign intei fercnee on the part of
the Fiee-Soilcis; this toieign inteiierenee by corporations
fiom Now England to i emulate western affairs, has created
i,i Kansas what every man had a light to suppose it would
create—civil wai. dissension, violence, and bloodshed. For
every diop of hlood that has been shed in the Territory of
Kansas, the 'Black Republican1 leaders are responsible.
[Loud cheers.J It is a part of their hue of poljcj to get up
civil war there, and then make political capital out of the
innocent hlood shed by their tools and dupes, for the pur-
pose of juoinonns their candidate* m the presidential elec-
tion. What is thou- o\eu«e for not obeying the law in Kan-
sas ? They tell us that the laws enacted l>y the Tenitonal
LeL'^iatuie aie baibaiotw and inhuman !
Out <>f a volume of at least a thousand pages., containing
innumerable enactments, applicable to every relation m
hie, and protecting evuv interest in society, jet out of that
long li-t of laws leianng to ail the affausof human concern,
only two ^iiort enactments have been specified as being
cithei unjust or nnpioper. One of them relates to the ques-
tion of sbiveiy, and the oihei ie<rulate< tic affairs of elec-
tions. tt i  woi thy of tenia tk, and should ncvet be j'yrgotien,
that under neitliei of tho-se Jaw*- has anyone case yet arisen
—no one ca*e has nn<cu undet thove two laws winch are
objected to a5 being wmiopei. No case ha- ever arisen,no
wnt ha*, evei been i^ued, no ti uil has ever been had, no
aet ol violence has ever oecuued. under eithei of the^e two
obnoxious laws. Then, what excuse is there for that vio-
lence : Why, these men, thc-se Abolitionists, these i Black
Republicans.' ^end out their agents th<*re to get up «trifn
and bloodshed, to be copied into the Abolition papers here
for political effect. Contributions arc taken to buy i>haipe?i>
rifle.-;, and to send men out theie to je&ist the law.
Pieachers of the Go«pp|, instead of expounding the Holy
New Series
iO,
i 4.
