2272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I was stating
the fact, that according to the census tables three
hundred and forty-seven thousand white persons
owned the whole number of slaves in the south-
ern States. I was about to state that the families
holding these slaves might average six or eight or
ten persons,all of whom are interested in the prod-
ucts of slave labor, and many of these slaves are
held by minors and by females. I was not allu-
ding to the matter for the purpose the Senator
from Virginia seems to have intimated, and I
should have been much obliged to him if he had
waited until he heard my application of these fig-
ures. I was going to show that expressions like
those to which I have alluded, operate against us
in the South, and I was following the example of
no one. I was taking these facts from the census
tables, which were published by order of Con-
gress, to show the bad policy and injustice of de-
claring that the laboring portion of our population
wereslavesand menials. Such declarations should
not be applied to the people either North oi"South.
I wished to say in that connection, that, in my
opinion, if a few men at the North and at the
South, who entertain extreme views on the sub-
ject of slavery, and desire to keep up agitation,
were out of (he way, the great mass of the peo-
ple, North and South, would go on prosperously
and harmoniously under our institutions.
Nor, sir, am I a conservative; but I am for ad-
ministering this Govern men ton correct principles.
I behove the time will come when the northern
States will be the advocates of the institution of
slavery in the South. I believe the time will come
which we heard announced on the other side of
the House, when Massachusetts will be for free
trade. How long is it since she was standing
here advocating protection, high tariffs, and boun-
ties ? Yesterday her Senator told us she was for
free trade, and the abolition of all custom-houses.
I am not a prophet, nor ihe son of a prophet, but
I predict here that the time will come when the
northern States will be the advocates of the insti-
tution of slavery as it exists m the South. Why >
The whole difficulty, in my judgment, m regard
to slavery, has arisen from a jealousy of political
power m the Congress of the United States. The
people of the North have been told that the South
obtain an undue proportion of power in the coun-
cils of the nation because of the three fifths rep-
resentation of slaves*, that on the three million
slaves they get eighteen Representatives. Now ,
if the question were looked at properly, it would
be found that, instead of slavery being an element
of political power, it is an element of political
Weakness, ifslavery were abolished in the South,
and her slaves made free men, instead of theSouth
having eighteen Representatives for her three mil-
lion slaves, she would have thirty Repiesenta-
tives. Rut for this provision of the Constitution,
all the negroes in the South would be counted,
and we should have a larger representation in the
councils of the nation.
Tins 10 what I was going to show; and the time
will come when the South will have the North
advocating the institution of slavery. Why do I
say so ? Let us %q on with the policy I am pro-
posing, settle and cultivate these lands, reduce
them to cultivation, widen the demand for cotton,
widen the demand for nee, widen the demand for
sugarand tobacco, widen the demand for the prod-
ucts of slave labor; and just in proportion as you
do that, you reconcile the North to the institution
of slavery Let us populate our public lauds, and
reduce them to cultivation; let us embrace Cuba;
and when we shall have a Rutricient amount of
countiy adapted to the production of sugar, and
to the production of cotton, we shall supply the
demands at home. Taking four hundred thou-
sand bales of cotton as the amount consumed m
the United States, and run your population to ojie
hundred and fifty millions, and you create a de-
mand at home for every pound of cotton that can
•be grown in the United States. Run it up to five
hundred millions, and there will be more ch mand
for nee, cotton, and sugeir at home than you can
produce.
When the northern people come to see and know
that sujrar, cotton, and rice, cannot be produced
by any other kind of labor than slave labor, they
will become reconciled to the institution. The
demand becomin^great, they will see and feel the
necessity of having those articles. Cotton must
be had;sugar must be had; rice must be had. Then
present that other great idea, that slave labor is
the only labor adapted to the production of these
articles, and the non-slaveholding States will be-
come reconciled to the institution. Especially
will this be so when the northern mind comes to
understand that the man who has his capital invest-
ed in labor is the surest and most reliable friend
and advocate. Let us understand tljis idea.
The Senator from Virginia mistook where I
was driving. He mistook the direction of the
conclusion I was coming to. Look at the three
million slaves owned by three hundred and forty-
seven thousand white persons, and those inter-
ested. Counting them at $500 a head,how much
will they come to? Fifteen hundred million dol-
lars invested in what? In labor. The time will
come when slave labor will be more productive
in sugar, cotton, and rice, than any other; when
the demand increases at home and abroad. You
will find that slaves will be confined to that de-
scription of labor which is more productive, and
the production of those articles which are most
needed by the country. Then, do we not see and
understand that just in proportion as you foster
the one you protect and foster the other?
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me a
moment. He says I mistook the drift of his re-
marks. I C'-rtainly did, so far as the theory with
which he connects them is now exhibited, and I
will not say that I have not mistaken the direc-
tion altogether. The reason why I asked per-
mission to interrupt the Senator was, that the
exhibition which he made of the number of slave-
holders in proportion to the white population was
an exhibition that had been made more than once
on the other side of theChamber. "We had always
considered it an unfair exhibition. The Senator
made the same, and did not show its unfairness.
I have waited until this time, but I do not see that
be has yet shown it.
j\lr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man, m his former remarks, gave the explanation
of it, and I told him I had not reached that point,
and if he had waited a few moments [ would have
made the same explanation he put m my mouth.
But I was going to show, Mr. President, that the
people of the non-slaveholdmg States would ulti-
mately become the advocates of the institution of
slaveiy. Why? Is the South no market for
the pioductions of the non-slaveholdmg States ?
Where does their pork, wheie do their horses,
where do the muh-s, where do the larc;e propor-
tion of all the articles of our consumption come
from? From Ohio, Indiana,and Illinois, a large
proportion is furnished. Well, then, just in p«o-
poruon as you create a demand in the South for
those articles the northern producers become in-
terested in the institutions of the South, and just
in proportion as the South can get a high price
for her cotton, she will pay a high price for every
hog, every mule, and every horse she buys. Just
so with the North in the manufacture of articles.
They go on manufacturing, and the South is a
market for them. Cotton is the great staple they
consume. Hence, they become interested in the
production of cotton. The South is interested in
the articles consumed by the North, and, in re-
turn, the South is a market for their manufactured
articles.
I have said that the three hundred and forty-
seven thousand slaveholders m the South having an
interest in slaves to the amount of $1,500,000,000,
were the best fi tends, instead of being antago-
nists, to northern labor. Why do J sny so ? Their
capital is invested in labor; and just in pi oportion
as their capital is invested in labor, they become
interested m hunting up new markets, in devising
ways and means for the consumption of the pro-
ducts of slave labor; and thciefore, obtaining a
higher price for those productions, and just in pro-
portion as they realize a higher price foi labor, in
the very same propmtion they are protecting the
labor of the white man in the non-slaveholding
States. The necessity of the production of cotton
and rice, when population reaches a certain point,
and its consumption comes up to the product, will
cause the northern mind to be reconciled to the in-
stitution of slavery.
Why is Great Britain so much opposed to the
institution of slavery here ? She sees and knows
there are $1,500,000,000 invested in laOoi. That
labor brings about an influence advocating high
prices for labor. In what does the capital of Great
Biitain consist? It is in stocks and in money. It
occupies a position that arrays it against high
prices for labor. The capital of Great Britain is
m the field against the world in opposition to high
prices of labor. Her object is to reduce labor
down to the lowest point she can get it. The in-
terest of the southern man, his capital being in
labor, is to bring it up to the highest price. If
Great Britain can succeed in inducing the United
States to change or to withdraw her capital out of
labor, and put it in stocks or money, what would
be the effect? The entire capital in the United
States would at once be arrayed on the side of
Great Biitam, and on the side of the aristocracy
of wealth against high prices for labor.
This number of persons and this immense
amount of capital and talent connected with slave
labor,make theSouth the surest and the most relia-
ble advocate the northern man has for high prices
for labor; and the time will come when theie will
be a perfect reciprocity m this country. The time
will come, if we act as brethren and members of
the same great Confederacy, when the northern
man will see it to be his interest to stand by the
institution of slave labor; when the southern man
wi 11 see it to be his interest to stand by the Union,
to stand by the agriculturists, and by the manu-
facturer. Then, let us all go on harmoniously and
gloriously together, and fill up and carry out our
destiny.
Take a simple illusuation. A man at theSouth
has a thousand dollars invested in labor. Does
not that man try to get the highest price he can
for the products of that labor ? Take another man
who has a thousand dollars in money. He has
labor to buy, and does he not try to get labor as
cheap as he can for his thousand dollars ? Most
unquestionably ho does. The law is unenmgand
well established, and if it were well understood
throughout the whole country, all the strife and
turmoil with reference to the institution of slavery
would be swept away, and the country every-
where reconciled. The Senator from Virginia! I
thmk, interrupted me too soon in supplying what
he supposed to be a deficiency in my statement.
Sir, carry out the homestead policy, attach the
peopleto the soil, induce them to love the Govern-
ment, and you will have the North reconciled to
the South, and the South to the North, and we
shall not have invidious doctrines preached to stir
up bad feelings in either section. I know that in
my own State, and in the other southern States,
the men who do not own slaves are among the
first to take care of the institution. They will sub-
mit to no encroachment from abroad, no interfer-
ence from other sections.
1 have said, Mr. President, much more than I
intended to say, and, I fear, in rather a desultory
manner, but 1 hope I have made myself under-
stood on the. subject of slavery. I heard that
some gentleman was going to oiler an amendment
to this bill, providing that the Government should
furnish every man with a slave. So far as I am
concerned, if it suited him, and his inclination led
him that way, 1 wish to God every head of a fam-
ily in the United States had one to take the
drudgery and menial service off his family. I
would have no objection to that; but this intima-
tion was intended as a slur upon my prppositjon.
I want that to bo determined by the people of the
respective States, and not by the Congress of the
United Stales. I do not want this body to inter-
fere by inuendo or by amendment, prescribing
that the people shall have this or the other. I do-
sire to leave that to be determined by the people
of the respective States, and not by the Congress
of the United States.
I hope, Mr. President, that this bill will be
passed. I think it involves the veiy first princi-
ples of the Government: it is founded upon states-
manship, humanity, philanthropy, and even upon
Christianity itself. I know the argument has been
made, why permit one portion of the people to go
and take some of this land and not another? The
law is in general terms; it places it in the power
of every man who will go to take a portion of the
land. The Sen nor from Alabama suggests to me
that a person, in order to get the benefit of this bill,
must prove that ho is not the owner of other land.
An amendment was yesterday inserted in the bill
an iking out that pi o vis ion. Then it places all on
an equality to go and take. Why should this not
be done? It was conceded yesterday that the land
was owned by the people. There are over three
million heads of families in the United State?; and
