162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
President himself, in his letter accepting the Cin-
cinnati nomination:
" The recent legislation of Congress respecting domestic
slavery, derived as it lias been from the original and pure
fountain of legitimate political power, the will of the ma-
jority, promises ere long to allay the dangerous excitement.
The legislation is founded upon principles as ancient as free
government itself."
Upon every occasion on which I have addressed
the people of my own State and others, I have
pledged myself to abide faithfully and unqualified-
ly by the provisions of that act. I have pledged
myself everywhere to stand by this principle " as
ancient as free government itself, "and to assure
to the people of every State and Territory—and
Kansas in particular—the full, free, and unqual-
ified right to exercise their opinions in regard
to the institutions they will have. The Dem-
ocratic party has planted itself, in terms as plain
as liumafi language is capable of specifying it, on
the same platform, in the convention which nom-
inated Mr. Buchanan. Not a Senator has spoken
here but has expressed his regret, his deep re-
gret, and the President himself has expressed
his, in the strongest terms, that this constitution
was*not submitted to the people of Kansas by the
direction of that convention. The policy adopted
by the President, and carried out in Kansas, was
wisely founded on this principle of free govern-
ment;and had the convention adopted it, all would
now be peaceful and quiet there. The resolution
passed at Cincinnati, to which 1 have alluded, is
in these words:
" Resolved, That we recognize (lie right of the people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and lairly expressed will ol a majority
of actual residents, and, whenever the number of tlieir in-
habitants justifies it, to lorni a constitution, with or without
domestic slavery, and be admitted into the Union upou
terms of peifect equality with the otbei States."
These principles, I have said, are embodied in
the Kansas act; and they must be carried out by
Congress, if it is intended to maintain this Gov-
ernment. They must be earned out, if it is in-
tended to maintain a national Democratic organ-
ization ir^ the country; but more, I say they must
be carried out, if it is intended to maintain the
union of these States. Why, sir, look at it; look
at the present condition of things in Kansas—the
people there protesting against the action of the
convention, and asking the Governor to convene,
. as he has convened, an extraordinary session of
the Legislature to meet the contingency. They
are arming; they are determined to resist an ad-
missionunder this constitution, byany and every
power with which God has clothed them; and
yet we are to sit hero, and say, " we admit you
into the Union of the United States." As well
might you take a prisoner, under the sentence of
a court of justice, handcuffed, with your officers
surrounding him, by force to the prison, and say
to him, " there ia no coercion, we admit you into
the penitentiary." [Laughter.]
( repeat, sir, tiio people stand there in open
arms,and the telegraphic wires have but thisday
brought us the information that insurrections are
springing up throughout that Territory against
this attempt to coerce them into the Union, and
cram this constitution down their throats. To
call that an admission of a State is to falsity the
use of language—and for what' There is the
substance of this inquiry when you have done—
for what? Is there any impending necessity for
admitting Kansas under the present constitution :
Is there anything in the public condition of the
country that makes it an imperious necessity
that Kansas shall bo admitted now, under tins
constitution? Will it not do m April? Will n !
not do m May? Will it not do next year ? Was]
there not an election in Kansas in October lust,
under the judicious, prudent, cautious, and well-.
timed policy of the President of the United States,
which was peaceful, at which the people voted
and had a right to vote? Was it not quiet then ? j
Did not order reign there, and would it not reign ;
there now but for the operations of this eonven- ]
tion? Why this haste to admit Kansas under1
this Lecompton f.aud? Why not wait? Why'
may not Congress wait? What is to be gained :
Why, say some gentlemen, we want to localize
this dispute; we want to fence it in within the
bounds of Kansas: we have had enough of it
in Congress, and more than enough of it through-
out the Union. Well, sir, if there be one man in
all these United States, who more than another
feels that desire, I would claim to be that man.
Prom the commencement of my public life down
to to-day, it has seemed to me as if there never
was anything before my vision but a woolly-
headed negro. [Laughter.] You can scarcely j
meet a gentleman here in private conversation, '
you cannot meet him in debate, but that on one
side or the other this eternal and interminable
question of slavery is ever before your eyes.
But, sir, will this sort of measure localize it?
The great Patrick Henry said that he knew of no
light by which to guide his footsteps, except the
lamp of experience. What is our experience on
this matter ? Prom the time the Kansas-Nebraska
act was passed, have not the northern and south-
ern States been engaged in a strife in regard to
the settlement of Kansas and the establishment or
rejection of slavery therein? Not only have law
and order been violated, but, as I have said be-
fore, lives have been taken, and rapine and mur-
der have grown out of it; and the President tells
us that when he came into power, the condition
of things in that Territory was alarming; civil
war was impending. You find the Territory alive
now, and bad men exercising their power. Hand
to hand they are about to take each other's blood.
Do you suppose that by simply changing this
from a territonal to a State government you art-
going to produce quiet and peace throughout the
other States of this Union, and localize the diffi-
culty in Kansas? Why, sir, as well might you
believe that, having fired the foundation of your
building, the flame would never reach its roof. A
people there resisting a monstrous fraud by hun-
dreds and by thousands, and Congress consum-
mate the fraud and expect that people to submit I
We have no right to expect it. But what of
these Lecompton gentlemen — these gentlemen
who have not only taken care to provide an elec-
tion which shall fix a constitution to suit them,
but have taken care to provide an election which
shall elect a Legislature and Governor and State
ofiicers also to suit them ? Will they not hold the
power, and, holding it, will they not exercise
it as they have exercised it ? When these peo-
ple undertake to rise and exercise the inalien-
able and indefeasible right which this constitution
says they have got, will not these constituted au-
thorities sayto them as the constituted authorities
of Rhode Island did, " you are in insurrection;
you are undertaking to overthrow the constitu-
tion; I, as Governor of the State, call out the mil-
itary to put you down; and if your movement
becomes too formidable, 1 will call upon the
President of the United States to aid me?" The
law provides that when the Legislature, or, in
the absence of their being in session, the Gov-
ernor, cal's upon the President, he must respond.
What says the Supreme Court upon principles
like these? In the case of Luther, the Supreme
Court says it will recognize, in executing the
laws of the country, the government that the Ex-
utive authority of the United States has teeog-
liized. The laws of the United States prescribe
the duty of the President. It is to respond to the
Governor and Legislature of Kansas. They, I
say, are taken care of, and secured by this same
convention. These are the men who will be m
power, and you expect to localize the difficulty.
I have said that one of the most unfortunate
results of these political discussions is the engen-
dering of erroneous opinions, many of them
fraught with danger to this Confederacy; and not
among the least of these is that idea got up in
certain States that when any of your citizens go
to another State or Territory you have some
right or authority to take care of them after they
are there. We are not without history on that
point. It has been done in the States of this
Union. They have passed legislative acts and au-
thorized men and means, and weapons in some
instances, to be earned to Kansas to take cat e of
somebody's liberties who before was a citizen of
that State. Do you suppose that civil war can 1
exist in Kensas, and that that people will not be '
sympathized with by the people of the other
Rtates' _ Have you any power to control them ?
Can Missouri or Iowa keep its citizens within
its own borders when their brothers and fathers
and other relatives are fighting a hand-to-hand
fight in Kansas5 It is impossible. Can any State
do it? It is not to be expected; and it was for
that reason, prominent among all others, that
compelled me to say, as I did on tne reading of 'I
the message, that, if I could agree with the rea- 11
soning of the President, I might possibly agree
with his conclusions. Sir, I believe that just so
sure as you undertake to consummate this Le-
compton fraud, and force this constitution upon
the people of Kansas against their will, as firmly
I believe it as I believe I am a living man to-
day, you will light the torch of civil discord
throughout this Union. Gentlemen may then cry
" peace I peace !" but there will be no peace.
Sir, if you desire peace, it is easily attained;
attained without the expense of violating any
principle; attained simply by the plainest process
in the world—by adopting that principle which
lies at the foundation of our institutions, and, in
the language of the President, " is as ancient as
freegovernment itself," the principle of the Kan-
sas organic law. Take such means and such
measures as will,secure to the people of Kansas
the right to settle this question by a majority of
their votes, and all will be peace. Is it not easy?
Cannot the people of Kansas wait ? Cannot Con-
gress wait >
I have said that the power of admitting States
into this Union necessarily forces upon Congress
the paramount duty of seeing that the State asks
its admission in accordance with the will of a ma-
jority of the people. Show me that, and I will
never inquire one instant as to what their domes-
tic institutions are or what other provision is con-
tained in their constitution, so that it secures a
republican government, which is no more nor less
than a representative government, based upon the
will of the people. As I said, I am pledged to
that by every speech I have ever made in my
State. [ am pledged to that upon the principles
of the strictest honor and justice among men.
Higher, higher yet, I am pledged to it by my oath
to support the Constitution of the United States,
which empowers me by my vote to admit States
into the Union—never to coerce them in.
You will see, therefore, Mr. President, that
whatever consequences may result from enter-
taining these views, I could not if I would, and I
am bound to say I would not if I could, give my
vote to consummate what I believe to be the most
enormous fraud that was ever undertaken to be
practiced upon any people under the forms of law.
And I submit that the only oppressions under
our institutions that can be practiced upon a peo-
ple, must be practiced under the forms of law. If
you undertake, in violation of law, to strip the peo-
ple of their liberties, they can resist you. Then
the law of power prevails, and if they be the
strongest they can put you down. But when you
undertake oppression, within the forms of law,
you can grind them to the dust, and they can
never resist without being rebels according to
law
If you desire peace, as I know we all do, take
the path of wisdom and justice; regard the Con-
stitution of the United States like a great inde-
structible rock, taking nothing by accretion, los-
ing nothing by disintegiation; within the bounds
ot' its provisions act upon and abide by the will
of the majority, fully, freely, and fairly expressed.
Although you may see in communities, as you
have seen at every heated partisan election, the
people excited to the highest pitch of human an-
imosity, even blood shed like rivers in the streets,
yet, when the will of the majority is announced,
all is peace. Pursue the paths of wisdom, of jus-
tice, and you will find the ways are all "ways of
pleasantness, and all the paths are peace." I sub-
mit to the consideration of Senators that it is a
duty we owe to the people of every Territory to
see that they are protected in the enjoyment of
this right. As Mr. Buchanan in his inaugural
address says:
" It is the imperative and indispensable dutvof the Gov-
ernment ol tile United States to secure to every icsicient
inhabitant the free and independent exptession ot his opin-
ion by hi^vote. This .sacred right of each individual must
be piescived."
There never was a greater truth uttered; there
never was one more fundamental in our institu-
tions; there never was one that could be violated
with more danger, and none winch could be fol-
lowed with more security.
Mr. President, there is only one point further
that I wish to notice, and I would not do that
if it were not for the enormity of one proposition
presented by this convention. I refer to it as
showing their intention. I am not going to dis-
cuss, in opposition to the honorable Senator from
Missouri, the effect of the ordinance contained
