1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
in the constitution. I shall not discuss whether,
if we admit them under this constitution, we ac-
cept their terms and give them all the lands in
Kansas or not. It is not material to decide that.
They assert that they have an unquestioned right
to tax all your lands in Kansas, as soon as they
become a State? Are you prepared to admit
it? Is the Congress of the United States at this
day prepared to admit that, when we organize a
new State out of a Territory, that State has a
right to tax arid legislate over the lands of the
United States within its borders equally with the
lands of individual citizens? If so, you must
make a contract with them, in order to get them
to release that right. Inasmuch as it takes two
to make a bargain, you must get their agreement
to the contract, or they will retain and exercise
the right. What sort of demand have they made
to begin with? They demand one ninth of ail
the land in Kansas, for school purposes; they
demand &p,venty-two sections for a university;
they demand all the salt springs, and all the min-
eral lands, and all the lands adjoining, necessary
to use them; and also alternate sections for
twenty-four miles wide through Kansas, east and
west, and north and south. This is their demand
for relinquishing the right to tax the Govern-
ment land within the borders of Kansas. Before
I make this bargain, I desire time for considera-
tion. Before I vote to give Kansas four times as
much school land as Midhigan has had, I shall
want to know the reason. Before I give them
twice as much land in width, for railroad purposes,
as I have voted to any other State, I shall want
to know why. Before I shail vote to give them
all the mineral lands, and all the salt spring
lands, and all the adjoining lands necessary to
their use, I shall want to ascertain the bound*
aries, and see whether anything will be left to the
United States. I have had prepared a table show-
ing the numberofacres which an agreementto the
terms of the convention will require us to give.
Estimated area of the Tevritory of Kansas t and number of atres of land for Railroads, Schoolst and Universities, in said Territory.
Degrees.
t
i
Miles. 1 Sq. miles
!
1
Sections.
Acres.
Total acres
for
railroads.
Total acre*
for schools
and univer-
sities.
Total for
railroads,
schools,and
universities.
Total acres
m
Territory.
Residue of
acres m
Territory.
Average length from east to west  
Area of territory 
Lands for railroads, viz:
Length of railroad from east to west 
Alternate sections twelve miles on cach aide...
Length of railioad north and south 
Alternate sections twelve miles on each side...
Lands for schools, viz:
Four sections in each township, or one ninth
of whole number....? 
Lands for universities 
11^ of 66 stat. miles.
10| of 64 stat. miles.
3 of66 stat. miles.
736
672
198
738
198
133,056
8,832
2,376
72
85,155,840
5,652,490
1,520,640
9,461,760
, 46,080
7,173,120
9,507,840
*16,680,960
85?J 55,840
68,474,880
-
j 133,056
i
t
7,173,120
9,507;840
16,080,960 | 85,165,840
68,474,880 j
* Tins number does not include mineral and salt spung land*. In addition to this, the State of Kansas will be entitled to five per cent, of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands in the State.
I have not mentioned this matter to discuss the
effect of admitting Kansas under this constitution,
but to show the enormity of the proposition—the
intention that seems to have been in the heads of
these Lecompton conventiomsts. My opinion is
that they have undertaken a larger work than they
can accomplish. In the first place, they not only
undertake to violate the rights of the people of
Kansas, and put them under their feet; but, in the
next place, they undertake to coerce Congress into
a bargain that is monstrous in its character. If
it is the duty, as I have endeavored to show, of
Congress to protect the people of Kansas in the
enjoyment of their lights, it is no less the duty of
Congress to protect the rights of the United States.
Congress will be liberal, as it always has been lib-
eral with the new States, in grants of land for
educational and internal improvement purposes;
but it will not admit, it never can admit, that lands
which belong to the United States, which it has
been so often said were acquired by the common
blood and common treasure of all the States, are
transferred, with the right and title, to a new
State, on its being admitted into the Union.
Mr. President, I have thus, briefly as I could,
though not so connectedly as I could wish, pre-
sented the reasons which are operating on my
mind against the admission of Kansas upon the
Lecompton constitution. I have sought to show,
and I hope I have shown, that it cannot thus be
admitted without violating the rights of the people
of Kansas, without conccding rights that belong
to the Congress and people of the United States,
without violating the Constitution of the United
States itself. I agree that the power to admit
new States, like any other power under the Con-
stitution, is liable to abuse; but like every other
power under the Constitution and within the Con-
stitution, it must be exercised according to the
best discretion of Congress. I agree that a re-
fusal to admit a State upon insufficient grounds
would be a palpable violation of our duty. We
have the power to do it, but that would be an
abuse of the power; just as having the power to
raise and support armies, if we were to raise and
support an army of twenty thousand when only
onethousand was necessary, it would be an abuse
of the authority. That we have the power to
admit or to refuse to admit a State according to
our sound discretion, cannot be denied. Having
that power, if there be a doubt as to whether you
are proposing to admit a State into the Union or
to coerce it into the Union, nothing can be lost
by taking time to ask the people in a plain, safe,
unmistakable manner whether they desired it or
not. The people of a Territory which is about
to be formed into a State, have a right—and so far
i as my examination has gone, Congress has never .
violated this right—to say, in the fitst place, ;
. whether they desire to form a State constitution
j now, or not. They have a light to say whether
i they will take upon themselves the burdens and ■
\ expenses of a State government. Where Con-
' gross has passed enabling acts, as in the cases of '
Ohio, Indiana, and other States, and in the cele-
brated Toombs bill, which has been so much
talked of,an express provision was incorporated,
that when the convention was assembled, it should
; vote, in the first instance, whether it is expedi- -
j ent and proper to proceed to form a State consti- '
! tution at this time. The people of Kansas have ;
| never had a chance to say this, although they :
■ might say " we are willing to live under this Le- '
' compton 'constitution when we get ready to be a ■
; State; we are not ready to become a State now."
' That is a right, a sacred and inviolable right,
I which belongs to the people of a Territory when '
; they are invited to become a State.
i There are other considerations which occur to ■
| me, but it is nm necessary that I should detain
l the Senate now by stating them. I have shown,
or nought to show, conclusive reasons, founded '
upon constitutional authority and political pro- :
priety, why I cannot vote for this Lecompton ,
movement. I leave cheerfully, freely, and fully, ;
1 every one of my associates on this floor, and in ,
i Congress, to exercise his judgment on the same i
! state of facts. It is a right they have; it is a right '
j I have; more, it is a duty—a paramount duty; it
| is the highestexercise of our power, perhaps, that
1 is conferred on us by the Constitution of the Um-
ted States; and no principle should be allowed to ;
govern us in regard to it, except the principle ot •
eternal truth and justice. '
I conclude with the statement which I made .
when the President's message was read; that, so i
far as in me lies, the people of Kansas, like the i
people of e\ ery other State coming into this Union, ;
shall, in the language of the Kansas act, be left j
" perfectly free to form and regulate their domes- •
| tic institutions in their own way." I will hear :
! them; I will do as Congress has done heretofore— ;
i I will pass over forms, ceremonies, organizations, ;
i down deep to the will of the people; but, in the |
history of this country, there never yet has been ;
1 a time, and I cannot believe there ever will be a
time, when Congress will admit a State on forms !
j and ceremonies contrary to The will of the people. ;
The example of Mr. Buchanan, in regard to my ,
own State, has been cited, and properly cited, in ■'
this debate. He passed over forms and ceremonies -
to get at the will of the people. He contended '
that the organization was irregular; but the peo-
pie ask for admission, and the people were to be f|
admitted upon their demand. Conform your ac-
tion, in such cases, to the will of the people, and
you will always be right.
Thanking the Senate for the attention they have
paid to me—and I find it necessary to apologize
for the incomplete manner in which my views
have been piesented—I leave the subject, con-
tented to perform my duty when this constitution
shall be presented here, according to the princi-
ples which I have laid down to-day. In the lan-
guage of the honorable Senator from Illinois, I
intend to follow the principles of the Kansas act,
and all its logical and legal consequences, take me
where they may; for 1 believe, with the Pres-
ident, that that act has simply put into shape and
legislative enactmenta principle as ancient as free
government itself, and without whose exercise
there can be no fiee government.
Mr. BRODERICK. As I am the only Sen-
ator, I believe, on this side of the House who feels
disposed, with the Senator from Illinois and the
Senator from Michigan, to oppose the Lecomp-
ton constitution, I should like, before the adjourn-
ment of the Senate to-day, to be heard for a very
few minutes on this question.
i I have listened to the debate very attentively;
j and while I agree with the Senator from Illinois
i and the Senator from Michigan in most of what
! they have said, I disagree with them in regard
: to the President's connection with the question,
i When the President of the United States sent
| Governor Walker and Secretary Stanton to Kan-
| sas, they found the people there in a state of in-
! surrection, and, after a great deal of labor on the
| part of those gentlemen, they restored peace and
i quiet to Kansas. I think the President of the
I United States and his Cabinet are alone respon*-
1 ible for the present outbreak in Kansas. Gov-
; ernor Walker had returned to Washington before
! the President of the United States issued his
J message.^ He conversed with the President of
i the United States on the subject of Kansas. I
understand that he told him that fifteen out of the
: thirty-four counties in Kansas were deprived ot
; a voice in the election of delegates to the Lecomp-
ton convention. If I understand this subject, and
I hope I do, I think that the President of the
United States is alone responsible for the present
state of affairs in Kansas. It is the first time, I
f behove, in the history of this country, that a
! President of the United States ever stepped down
from the exalted position he luld, to attempt to
coerce the people into a base submission to the
will of an illegalized body of mm
I have heard a great d<-al x< iri about the ques-
tion of slavery being submitted to the people of
Kansas. Wny, sir, I consider that the question
