THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C;
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
if every man who is the head of a family were to
take a quarter section of public land, there would
still be nearly four million quarter sections left.
If some people go and take quartersections, it does
not interfere with the rights of others, for he who
goes takes only apart of that'which is his, and
takes nothing thathelongs to anybody else. The
domain belongs to the whole people; the equity is
in the great mass of the people; the Government
holds the fee and passes the title, but the beneficial
interest is in the people. There are, as I have
said, two quarter sections of land for every head
-of a family in the United States, and we merely
propose to permit a head of*a family to take one
half of that which belongs to him.
I believe the passage of this bill will strengthen
the bonds of the Union. It will give us a better
voting population, and just in proportion as men
become interested in property, they will become
reconciled to all the institutions of property in the
country in whatever shape they may exist. Take
the institution of slavery, for instance: would you
rather trust it to the mercies of a people liable to
be ruled by the mobs of which my honorable
friend from South Carolina spoke, or would you
prefer an honest setoflandholdeis ? Which would
be the most reliable? Who would guaranty the
greatest security to our institutions, when they
oorae to the test of the baliot-box?
Mr. President, I hope the Senato will pass this
bill. I think it will be the beginning of a new
state of things—a new era.
So far as I am concerned—I say it not in any
suirit of boast or egotism—if this bill were passed,
<;nd the system it inaugurates earned out, grant-
ing a reasonable quantity of land for a man's fam-
ily, looking far into the distance to see what is to
result from it—a stable, an industrious, a hardy,
a Christian, a philanthropic community growing
out of it, I should feel that the great object of my
little mission was fulfilled. All that I desire is
the honor and the credit of being one of the Amer-
ican Congress to consummate and to carry out
this great scheme that is to elevate our race and to
make our institutions more permanent. I want
no reputation as some have insinuated. You may
talk about Jacobinism, Red Republicanism, and
so on. I pass? by such insinuations as the idle
wind which I regard not.
1 know the motives that prompt me to action.
I can go back to that period 111 my own history
when I could not say 1 had a home. This being
so, when I cast my eyes from one extreme of the
United States to the other, and behold the great
number that are homeless, I feel for tHem. I be-
lieve this bill would put them in possession of
homes; and! wantto see them realizing that sweet
conception when each man can proclaim, " I have
a home; an abiding place for my wife and for my
children; £ am not the tenant of another; I am
my own ruler; and I will move according to my
own will, and not at the dictation of another."
Yes, Mr. President, if I should never be heard of
again on the surface of God's habitable globe, the
proud and conscious satisfaction of having con-
tributed my little aid to the consummation of this
great measure is all the reward I desire.
The people need friends. They have a great
deal to bear. They make all; they do ail; but
how little they participate in the legislation of the
country? All, or nearly all, of our legislation is
for corporations, for monopolies, for classes, and
individuals; but the great mass who produce all,
who make all while we do nothing but consume,
are little cared for; their rights and interests an*
neglected and overlooked. Let us, as patriots,
let us as statesmen, let us as Christians, consum-
mate this great measure which will exert an in-
fluence throughout the civilized world in fulfilling
our destiny. I thank the Senate for their atten-
tion.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. Hammond, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after sonic time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
143
SATURDAY, MAY 22, 1858.
New Series. .. .No. 143.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 20, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a quorum
present?
The SPEAKER. There are but eighty-eight
members present. *
Mr. CLEMENS, Then I move that there be
a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Ackaiti, Ahl, Arnold, Averv, Barksdale, Bennett,
Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bocoek, Boniiam, Boyce, Bra} ton,
j ijunoughj., Campbell, C\iiutbei&, Caskie, Chaffee, Chap-
j man, lioiace F. Clark, dawson, ('lay, Clark R. Coch-
lane, Corning, Covode, Burton Ciaige, Cuiry, Damieli,
Davis of Mai\ land. Davis of Towa, Dewart, Dimmick,
Dowdell, Edmmidson. Elliott. English. Etmis, Farnsworth,
Gainett. Giddmg-*, GUh^, Gilman, Goode, Gteenwood,
Gioesbeck, Lawienco W. Ilall, Ilobcit B. Hall, Harlan,
Hickman, linu-tuii, II u\ lei, Jenkins Jewert, Keitt, Kelly,
Kilgorp, Lawienee, Leach, Humphrey Marshall, Mattc-
son, Miles, Montgomery, ftdwaid Joy Morn?, Freeman fi.
Morse, Mott, Niblack, Vejton, Furviancc, Ready, Redly,
Itohbine, Robert?, Fandidgu, Savage, Scott, Seward, John
Sheiman, JiuKon \V Sherman, Shotter, Sickles, Robert
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stallwoith, Tap-
pan, Geoiiie Tayloi, MiiesT.n lor, Wajdron, Wai ien, Cad-
walader C Wanhbuin, \Vntkin«,and Woitendylce.
One hundred and forty-one members having
answered to thoir nampa,
Mr. MORGAN moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SEPTATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, informing the House
! that the Senate had passed an act (S. No. 90) rc-
! pealing all laws or parts of laws granting allow-
ances or bounties to vessels employed in the bank
or other fisheries; in which he asked the concur-
rence of the House.
GEORGE G. SMITH.
Mr. GARTUELL asked and obtained unan-
imous consent to introduce a bill for the relief of
Dr. George G. Smith, late postmaster at Atlanta,
Georgia; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads,
WfLLCTT's POINT.
Mr. HASK1N. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report the following resolution:
Rcsoloc-U That the select committee appointed by the
Hou^e on the 9tli ot' Fehiuary. to investigate the sale and
ptu chase of the property at VViilott'^ point. New Yuik, pui-
chased by the Government fot roitification purpose^, b ; au-
thorized to proceed to New Yotk, view the piopeity, and
examine witnesses.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is a pressing neces-
sity for the passage of this resolution, and I hope
the House will adopt it. It is the purpose of the
committee to examine four, five, or six witnesses
who have not yet been examined. Members of
the committee desire to view tins pioperty; and
therefore it was considered wise in the committee,
without any dissenting voice, to ask the House to
grant this privilege to the committee. But three
members will go, who will also have the duty to
perform of examining four, five, or six witnesses.
Mr. HASKIN. The adoption of the amend-
ment will save $300.
Mr. CLEMENS. As the Willett's point in-
vestigation professes to relate to the transaction
of a Cabinet officer from Virginia, I withdraw my
, objection.
i Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to sending
1 roving commissioners over the country;pndthcre-
i fore 1 object.
| COMMANDER M. F. MAURY,
j Mr. WINSLOW, by unanimous consent, in-
i trodnced a joint resolution authorizing Command-
i cr M. F. Maury to accept a gold medal awarded
to him by the Emperor of Austria; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
revision of tariff, etcl
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means in-
quire into the expediency of authorizing the Secretary of
iho Treasury to make a Joan of $LG,GJ0,000,or so much
thereof as iuay be necessary to pay tho cieditors of the
United States the sums to which they are justly, legally,
and equitably entitled; particulaily the debts due totheoffi-
ceis and soldiers of the revolutionary army, and the widows
and children of those who died in the sei vice, and their rep-
resentatives, for the payment of which the faith of the na-
tion lias been pledged; and also, the arrears ot pension due
to the invalid^ of the war of 1812, and other wars, from tho
date of their djsabihtv, under contracts made with them
l>y the Government when they entered the service. And
whether a reviMuu of the tanfF, with a view to sufficient
ic venue to meet all the necessary wants of the Government,
is not imperiously demanded by the present state of the na-
tional finances; and that said committee report by bill or
otherwise, as early as practicable, to the end that action m
the piemises may he had during the present session of Con-
gress.
Objection was made.
compensation of members.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a joint resolution,
amendatory of an act entitled " An act to regu-
late the compensation of members of Congress,n
approved August 16, 1856, so far as it relates to
such as shall die during their term of service.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object; and call
for the regular order of business.
TEXAS BOUNDARY SURVEY.
Mr. REAGAN. Iasktheconsentof the House
to take from the Speaker's table a bill which
passed the House, and passed the Senate with
an amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. REAGAN. It will not take more than a
minute or two to dispose of it. It is a bill in ref-
erence to a commission for running the boundary
line of Texas. If the commissioners do not get
into the field early, they will not get through be-
fore winter. It is an important amendment, and
I hope the gentleman will withdraw his objection.
Objection was not withdrawn.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in or-
der to be the amendments reported back from the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union
on House bill No. 200, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1859; and suggested that
the amendments would be reported,-and that sep-
arate votes would be had on such as a separate
vote would be demanded on; and that a vote
should be taken on the remainder of the amend-
ments as a whole.
First amendment:
After line eighty-one, inseit as follows:
For the puseha&e of Tlolrnes's lite-boats, to be placed on
each of the twentv-eyu life saving stations on the coast of
New Jeitey, $6,410.
And for the purchase of the best life-boat, to be approved
bv tho Department, for use on the coast of Long Island,
§'to.ooo.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for a separate vote.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 99, noes 50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
After the following clause :
" Foi collection otagucultural statistics, investigations foi'
promoting agriculture and rural economy,and the piocure-
ment and di&tiibuuon of cuttings and seed?, ^60,UUU."
—mscit the following pi oviso :
Provided, That it shall he the duty of the Commissioner
of Patents to submit to the Secretary of the Tieasmy, at
the commencement of each ses&ion oi Congress, the in-
voice* of seeds and cutting* purchased with the money
herebv appropriated, and also a statement oi the expenses
m procuring agricultumi statistics, and the incidental ex-
penses m piocnriu? yoeds. cuttings, ami information : Jhtd
provideJ also, That no &aiaiy or compensation to any per-
son for services in colicetmg or distributing seeds, cuttings,
&C-, shall be paid out of tins apjnopiiation.
