212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fMnrch 23,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
not hare a slave here; those that are liere we will
set free, but we will pay you for them. He who
brings them in after the law prohibits it, comes
in with his eyes open, and the law, in taking the
property from him, does not confiscate it—he is
forfeiting property by his own act. That is the
difference. Neman can be despoiled of his rights
by numbers. They may crush him; they may
overpower him; thejr may trample him in the
dust; but still the voice of justice will cry aloud
to Heaven for redress—not for vengeance; for I
never want to hear vengeance invoked in this
Chamber.
In reply to the question put sometime since by
the Senator from New York, I will state that I
am informed by a friend here that all the returns
with regard to the State election were made within
eight days. That is a matter era pais, but 1 had
never turned my attention to it. My attention had
been confined to the legal point on which 1 had
the right to act. The Senator from New York,
therefore, is now answered. They were returned
within that time.
There is one point, however, that I have hast-
ily passed over, and that is the one which the Sen-
ator from Illinois animadverts upon with so much
peculiar zest—the mode of amendment of the con-
stitution. The Senator says that, when the Con-s
stitutiori prescribes a certain mode of amendment
that mode only can be pursued; and if any other
mode is resorted to, it is revolutionary. He quotes
the article from the declaration of rights, to be
found in the report I made to the Senate at the
time the bill was presented, and he says that is a
revolutionary right. He says it is like the Dec-
laration of Independence. i-Iere it is:
"All political is inherent in the people, and all fiee
KovrrmueiiH ate founded on their :uitii<nitv, and instituted
foi their b'.'iirm ; and theretore tliev have at nil tunes an in-
alienable and indefeasible liizlit to alter, icfoim, or abolish
their form of government indueh manner as they may think
propel.*'
This, says the Senator from Illinois, is a right
of revolution bv war—grim-visaged war—a rev-
olution by the swoid. 1 answer that such is not
the interpretation; and I intend to prove, to my
own satisfaction at least, the position I take on
that subject. This provision is but copied, in the
language of President Ruchan.ui, from various
other State constitutions. Nearly all the States
of the Union have a similar declaration in their
bill of rights. When, therefotc, it was put into
the declaration of rights in Kansas, it was put in
there with its known construction and ordinary
execution and application. What is that known
construction, ordinary execution, and application
in the several States ? I will tell you. Indiana,
with a similar provision, and also a provision ill
(lie constitution which said that no change should
be made in it for twelve years, called a convention
and amended it before that time, not in the method
pointed out in the constitution. It has been thus
construed in Indiana; it has been thus construed
in Maryland; it has been thus construed in Del-
aware; it has thus been construed in Pennsylva-
nia, in New York, and in vaiious other States.
Now, with this known construction, witti this
known application, it was incorporated into the
bill of rights in the State of Kansas; and what
truer, more unanswerable rule is there than this:
that when a law has been received with a certain
Known approved construction uniformly, if an-
other community adopt the same law, "tliey are
held to adopt the same construction ? Ilence, I
say, they adopted it with that known application.
But I have two other reasons to present to the
Senator. He says it is a revolutionary tight. I
do not care what you call it:
{' TJj.it winch we rail a io>o.
By any other name would .smell as sweet
Call it revolution, if you please. It is a civil
means in conformity with the declaration of' the
Constitution by which the people may reform,
alter, amend, or abolish their constitution. I care
nothing: about the name. He says it is a revolu-
tion by the sword. I sav it is not that, but a legal
change through the agency of the ballot-box.
First, this provision is found in all our State con-
stitutions. They arejxll republican, because they
couid not be in the Union without being republi-
can. Second, the Constitution says that the Fed-
eral Government shall protect each State from
domestic violence. It is bound to do it. Suppose I
' the Senator from Illinois should undertake to put
, his construction into effect, and say it is a right
to draw the sword to x-evolutionize the Govern-
; ment: it would be domestic violence, and the Fed-
; eral Government would have to crush it on the
; instant. Therefore it proves tha,t it cannot be un-
; derstood as implying a resort fo the sword to
; revolutionize a State government. Thatconstruc-
; tion, therefore, is excluded.
; Finally, when a constitution makes two pro-
; visions on the same subject, it is the duty of both
the judge and the statesman to give a construe*
I tion to both clauses that will give force and effect
; to each if it bo possible; and if not, if they be so re-
pugnant that they cannot stand together,one or the
j other mustgive way. Now,areasonableconstruc-
: tion can be given to both of these clauses which
j will enable both to stand and have vitality, force,
! and effect. I explained this before, but 1 passed
| over it so hastily that perhaps I shall be excused
| for repeating the same idea again. The consti-
■ tution says, after the year 1864, the Legislature,
; by a two-thirds vote, may proceed to amend the
| constitution. The constitution also says that the
, people at all times have the right to amend their
;! constitution. How shall you construe the two
lj clauses so as to allow the people at all times to
r have the power to amend it? I answer; if the
government takes the initiative, if thegovernment
of its own volition—I mean the governing power,
the Legislature—undertakes to amend the consti-
tution, they can only do it in the way pointed out
in the constitution, because their power is derived
from the constitution; and if a certain method be
specified and pointed out for their action, it pro-
hibits the government, the governing officers, the
Governor, and Legislature, or otherwise, just ac-
cording as the amending power may be vested for
the time being,from pursuing any other method.
Now, the governing power is limited to the mode
pointed out. Tiie people arc not limited, and can-
not bo limited, llow can you get them together?
■ | J answer, just us they always do get together.
They instruct their Legislature to provide a rule
of unifbim action to enable them legally to come
together. it may bo called revolution if you
choose, but when the people come together en
; masse, or by representatives under the sanction of
law, they are in the exercise of their original rights
untrammeled by constitutions, unrestrained by
, any provisions m their old constitution. They
I can do just as they please, consistent with private
! rights. This is the construction that is to be
! placed upon the two provisions.
! If you say otherwise, that will bring you in
: conflict with the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan. It amounts just to this; if they may be tied
up and prohibited from amending their constitu-
tion until the year 1864, they can be until 1865,
186G, 1870, and seventy times seventy. The prin-
ciple is the same; and vet the Senatorfrom Michi-
i gan savs the people will never submit to the doc-
, trine that they shall not govern themselves. If
1 they will not, they must retain the power of
, amending their constitutions m a local, oiderly
: method. Otherwise,a precedmggenu\Uion gov-
i eins them. Otherwise, the people may ho re-
, strained irom changing their constitution for as
j long as they live, which is a doctrine renugnant
to the genius of our institutions. There i« no
i question about this fact that this is the received
i and knownconstruction,that it has Iwn followed
; out time and time again.
, I believe, with others, that constitutions ought
; not to be changed too frequently; that they ought
not to be twisted and turned to suit theemergeney
, of any particular occasion; that they ou^ht io
, have stability and uniformity, and be* continued
long enough to command veneration, if our Ind-
eral Constitution had been changed every year,
1 there would be but little veneration for it." lY om
State constitutions were changed every few years,
there would be hut little respect for them. * I do-
sire, therefore, to see stability, uniformitv, and
. every constitution kept in existence long enough
( to command the entire respect of the people. If
they se<- the blunders and errors, they can suggest,
a tomedy without endangering its other better
, pai <s. They can resort to legal means, call a con-
vention, and mold and make a new constitution.
What 1 mean by legal means is, to devise a lule
which «diall make the action uniform, equal, and
just; just as the convention law in Kansas was;
just as the convention laws in all the States of
this Union are and have been. It is simply to
prescribe a rule by the existing Government, at
the instance of the people by which they may
come together, in person or by representatives,
and exercise an original power m the reformation
of their government.
I shall now leave the subject. I have shown
that this is a legal constitution, fairly adopted;
that the allegations of fraud made against it are
unsupported; and that there is no well-sustained
i allegation of fraud against any single proceeding
affecting the validity of this constitution. I have
also endeavored to show that it is a very import-
ant question, vital to the interests of the whole
Union, vital to the Democratic party, vital to the
South. I would not appeal to " Americans" to
build up the Democratic party, but I would appeal
;, to them not to assist in budding up the only party
dangerous to the integrity of the institutions of
; our country. I would appeal to them, if they
J[ cannot be of us, at least help us to break down
I the common enemy of us both.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
[ intend to reopen this debate by any general reply
\\ to the honorable Senator who has just taken his
\ seat. The usual course of debate here would forbid
ji that; but I desire to answer the appeal which ho
j*j made to me at the close of his remarks, and 1
1 shall endeavor to confine myself to that.
:1 The Senator says that in the argument which I
J addressed to the Senate some days ago, I con-
;! tended that there had beenfiaud in the formation
, of this constitution, and that the only proof which
I offered of it was the opinions of Governor Walk-
; or and of Secretary Stanton—that i relied on their
: evidence alone to prove the fraud. I am sure that
!, upon^ the least reflection the honorable Senator
■ will find that in this he has done my argument at
least great injustice. That is not the only evi-
: donee I referred to, by any means. It was a gen-
'! erai soil of proof derived from high and author-
itative sources, witnesses that neither the Admin-
istration nor the members here supporting the
. I Administration would object to. They weie the
. | men chosen out of all the world but a few months
' i ago to represent the authority of the Government,
and act tor u m this Territory. The act of the
Government gives them credit with me and with
, all the world; and so far as I know, they were
will entitled to it, and have done nothing to de-
tiact fiom or diminish it. I cite them therefore
I1 as witnesses present on the spot engaged m the
j official transactions of the Territory, holding m-
: tercourse constantly with the people, learning
thereon the spot its true history from the mouths
' * of thousands of witnesses. I think 1 may appeal
to them as respectable witnesses on such a point.
,! They, being public officers, communicated to their
lj Government—and they were bound to communi-
" cate to it the truth—the fact that this constitution
had been got up and made in fraud. That is the
' suostance of all they say; and not only that, but
against the will of an overwhelming majority
: oi the people. I did rely upon this; but this was
not all the testimony [presented, by any means,
i W hat does the gentleman say to the election on
• the_4ih of January last, when ten thousand voted
■ against this constitution? That is evidence of
record, high as any winch the gentleman adduces
. to the contrary. Is not that an evidence that this
instrument was fraudulent?
; Look again at the resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the Territory, passed during the present
winter, denouncing this constitution as an unfair
pjeoe of trickery; as an attempt to impose upon
them a government against their will. I alluded
to that. Is not that evidence ; I alluded to what
is imported and shown by one member of the
Committee on Territories, to whom all this sub-
ject was hmg ago referred, who states that the
, most glaring frauds were committed in the clec-
I tion, who sets down particular precmcts in which
; the frauds were committed; and (hero is the test!-
j mony of the Speaker of the House of Represent-
| atives,and the President of the Council, affirming,
| upon tneir own knowledge, that the three famous
| precmcts of Shawnee, Kickapoo,and Oxford, did
j not contain anything like the number of voters
j whose ballots were cast at that election Is not
! this evidence of fraud?
