1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
any time, there has beeti any disposition upon the
part of the North to accomplish this, it should, in
fairness to all parties, be admitted that we have,
thus far, met with very indifferent success; and
that, as far as holding' offices under the Federal
Government is concerned, the charge vvould much
more properly come from the other side. Sixty
yeafs'tlie Government has substantially beeh in
the haiids and under the control of the slavehold-
ers. If you look at the amount of territory which
each section has acquired, (that of the slavehold-
ing section nearly or quite doubling that of the free
States,) you will be forced to the same conclusion;
that is, that-we, not you, ought to complain of
being deprived of our " just share of the Territo-
ries." And yet gentlemen gravely tell us, (and
look and act as though they were in earnest,) that
we are depriving the South of her just share of
the territory, and that, unless we cease to do so,
the Union must and will come to an end.
Sir, I propose briefly to examine this question.
I know that it has been many times done, and yet
in these debates these old facts seem to be utterly
forgotten or ignored. At the beginning of the
Government, slavery had no share in the terri-
tory not organized into States. It was confined
to the States; looked upon as a local evil, which
was soon to be got rid of; and was expressly pro-
hibited from occupying the Territories, or any
portion thereof. It was the settled policy of all
sections to prevent it from spreading.
If proof were needed for facts so common-place
and widely known, it would only be necessary to
refer to the " ordinance of 1787," and to the ex-
pressed opinions of every distinguished gentle-
man, North or South, who took such part in the
formation of the Government as required the ex-
pression of an opinion upon that subject.
"When subsequently we acquired additional ter-
ritory, you requested that this policy should be
abandoned; and then, as now, you threatened a
dissolution of the Union unless your request
should be acceded to on our part. We of the
North asked, as we had the right, that the then
settled policy should be adhered to. But a prop-
osition was brought forward by a distinguished
statesman of your section to compromise by
dividins the territory between us; and it was
acceded to on our part—reluctantly, I confess;
unwisely, I have never doubted; but still, it was
agreed to. Our portion, as a part of the agree-
ment, being forever devoted to freedom; and
yours—by far the better portion—was left free to
you as to us. In that agreement you gained all
that we yielded; we gained nothing; we simply
reserved to a part of the territory that principle
which before applied to the whole. You entered
into that agreement as a fair compact between us \
—one which, as I have said, was made at your
request; and whether, in your estimation of it at
this time, you gained or lost, you were in honor,
and by all the rules of fair dealing, bound to carry
out its provisions. We have faithfully abided by
all the obligations which it imposed upon us.
How have you kept faith with us? 1 have no
time to trace the history of bad faith and of wrongs I
on your part, and shall leave the compromises of ;
1850 and 1851 to answer my question. J3y the !
first you obtained rights and defenses for slavery
which we believe were not intended by the Con-
stitution; and by the other you have broken all
faith upon this question, and by legislative enact-
ment canceled your agreement.
But gentlemen tell us that the Supieme Court
has decided that the compromise of 1820 was un-
constitutional. I deny it, and appeal to the reeoid !
of the court to sustain my assertion. I say tlint '
the Supreme Court has made no such decision. '
It is true that a partisan court, packed for the
purpose, has so far forgotten what belongs to the
power and dignity of a court that individual mem-
bers of it have passed out of the record before
them, and given extra-judicial opinions to that'
effect. Opinions as binding upon that question as
if given by the same gentlemen at a political meet-
ing, and no more so. By the repeal of the com- '
promise of 1820 you threw open all the Territo-
ries to the occupation of slavery. Starting with
none, you acquired the right, in common with 1
ns, to all. Does this look like oppression on our
part? Was this depriving you of your just share ;
in the Territories? What was the plea under;
which this was accomplished ? That the rostric- (
tion was not democratic. That congressional in-
tervention, as you call it, was not democratic.
That the true rule was to open the Territories to
all sections, and allow the people occupying them
to settle their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. We at the North, or a portion of us
at least, took issue with you upon this question,
and went to the people, and were beaten. And
now, when we call upon you to carry out this
principle which you have introduced into the gov-
ernment of the Territories, and to which you
have procured the sanction of the popular will;
when we ask of you to abide by the will, again
Etnd again expressed, of the people of the Territory
of Kansas, you refuse. You say that the popular
majority in Kansas are factious. That to admit
them into the Union under a constitution of their
choice which excludes slavery deprives you of
your rights, and that they must be admitted un-
der the Lecompton constitution or you can no
longer remain with us in the Union.
Sir, if any gentleman shall say that I beg the
question, and that this Lecompton constitution is
to be regarded as expressing the consent of the
majority of the people of that Territory, I beg to
remind this House of the preamble and resolu-
tions upon this subject which the people of that
Territory have placed upon our records, and which
I desire to incorporate into and make a part of my
remarks:
Preamble and joint resolutions in relation to the cojistitution
framed at Lecomjiton, Kansas Territory, cm the Ilk day of
November, 1837:
Wherea*, a small minoiity of the people living in nine-
teen of the Umty-eight counties of this Temtorv, availing
themselves of ahuv which enabled them to obstruct and de-
feat a fair expression of the popular will, did, by the odious
and oppressive application of the provisions and partisan
maehmoiy of said law, procure the iet,urn of the whole num-
ber of the'delegates to the constitutional convention recently
assembled «u Lecompton : and whereas, by reason of the de-
fective provisions ofsud law, in connexion with the neglect
and misconduct of the ;mthontie«i charged with the execu-
tion of the same, the people living in the remaining nine-
teen counties of the Teiritoiy weie not pennitted to icturn
delegate** to said convention, were not lecoginzed in its or-
ganization. 01 in any sen^e he ml 01 lelt in it*deliberations ;
and whereas, it h an axiom in political ethics that flic peo-
ple cannot be depi ived ot then i ights bv the negligence or
misconduct of public oflieeis ; and wheten-., a minority, to :
wit, twenty-eight only of the sixty niembeis oi'said couven- j
Hon, have attempted by an unworthy contrivance to impose ;
upon the whole people of the T< i utoi v a constitution with j
out consulting their yvhii. and against their wiii ; and ;
whcieas', the members of said convention have, reiused to .
submit their action foi the approval 01 di=appiovaH>f the i
voters of the Tciriton, and in thus acting have defied the J
Unownwill of ninetenths of the vore.is thereof; and where-
as, the action of a fragment of said convention, lepicsent- j
my, as tlicv did it small minoi ity of the voters of the Terri- j
torv, repudiates and crushes out the distinctive ptmeiple of ;
the'Nehiaska-Kansas act, and violates and tiamph-s nndei :
foot the light and the sovereign v of the people ; and vvtieic- j
a*, from the foregoing Ptoroment of facts it cleailv appeals ]
that the people have not been leftk* fiec to fonn and icgulatc j
their domestic institutions m their own wav," bul on the 1
eoiitr.uy, at every stage in the anomalous piooecdings ie- 1
cited, they have been prevented from so doing. i
He it therefore resolved hythe Gorcrno) and Legislative 1
Jlssemhlxi of' Kansas To) itoru, That I he people of Kansas, j
being opposed t<~> said eoiiatituuon, Congies* lias no i igbtful j
power under u to admit said Terntoty into tlio Union as a |
State, and we, the iepresentativc<ofVaid people, do heieby ;
m their name, and un then behalf, solemnly pi utc&t against j
sifh admission
lies')Ircrl, That such action on the paitof Congress would, '
iti thejudgmeutofthe member^ of this Legislative Assembly, ]
he an entire abandonment of the doctrine of non interven-
tion in the affairs of the Tei i i!oi\, and a substitution in Ha
stead of congicssiona! lntoivention in behalf of a minority
engaged m a disieputablo attempt to defeat the will and vio-
late the lights of the majority
Resolved, That the people of Kansas Tenitorv claim the
nghf, thiough a legal and tan exp'ession of the will of a ma-
lorit.v of hot eiti^'us, to fonn and adopt a constitution tm
th'">iTHelves.
iicva/.'Cf/, That th° Govern oi of this Tori itoiy be requested
to fo  waid a copy of the 'oiegomg pieamble and i evolutions,
to the Pr-'.-MdeiiT o; the C'lifd Stif-s, the i'lesident of the
Senate, the £pe ikei of the lloiw ot l'"pir--entau\es, and
to the Delegate in Congress fio n this Teintorv.
G. W. mUTZLKIl,
S^pnker off'ir Jf'/iice. of Representatives,
C. YV. HAIICOCK,
President cj the Council,
Seckptauy'S OfcFICK,
Lecompton, (K. T.,) J'lnuwi y 1*3, 1858.
T certify the above to M a true copy of the enrolled rosoiu-
r tions deposited in tins oifiee.
[i" s.J HITG1I 3 \V UiSH, Clerk.
Originated in the I/ouse of Representatives.
C. F. CUHU1 Bit, Chief Clch.
Sir, with this protest before us, how can it be
said that the Lecompton constitution loyally ex-
presses the will of the people of the Tor/uory ?
That there has, m all Us stages, been a Urge act- ,
ual majority against it, is a fact which has been 1
so fully established as to require no comment;
indeed, I think it is not seriously denied here or
elsewhere. But the friends of this constitution,
including the President, say that if a convention
be duly elected, although by a minority of the
people, and frame a constitution, it is as binding
upon the people as though all had voted; m other
words, those who had a fair opportunity to vote,
and yet refused or neglected to do so, are bound
by the action of those who did vote. Sir, I have
no fault to find with that position; it is one inci-
dent to our form of government. But, while con-
ceding this, I take occasion to say to the gentle-
men,and to the President,that this position can-
not avail them here against the fact which they
know, against the fact established, not only by
the whole history of this Kansas difficulty, but
also by the evidence taken by a committee sent
there by Congress to inquire into that history.
There never was a legal convention to frame that
constitution. The Legislature which authorized
the election of delegates to it was a fraud, and
held their seats, not by the votes of the citizens of
Kansas, but through the violence and ruffianism
of those who never had been citizens of the Ter-
ritory. The Legislature thus elected had no legal
right to their seats, no power to older a conven-
tion, and were only kept m their scats by the force
of Pederal troops. When they ordered the elec-
tion of delegates, without the legal right so to do,
there could be no obligation upon the people to
recognize that order by voting; nor is it possi-
ble to fairly raise an intendment against them by
reason of their refusal to sanction this outrage,
not only upon their rights, but upon the princi-
ples which underlie our whole structure of gov-
ernment.
But, sir, suppose, for the sake of the argument,
we adopt the view of the friends of this Lecomp-
ton convention. What then? Gentlemen tell us
that there are many precedents where States have
been admitted without referring the constitution
framed by the convention to the sanction of the
people. Granted; but, sir, I call upon them, one
and all, to point to a precedent in tins Govern-
ment where a State was forced into the Union
against its will; where a constitution was ever
forced upon the people of a State against the pro-
test of a majority of that people. And yet that
is precisely what is sought to be done in this case.
Those who claim that the convention was regu-
lar cannot, will not, say that the Legislature which
put this protest upon our records is not also regu-
lar. If the convention must be deemed as em-
bodying the will of the majority of the people,
are you not much more bound to say that the
Legislature, also, represented and expressed the
will of a majority of the people ? And, sir, m the
name of that majority, they protest against being
brought into the Union under this constitution.
Now, sir, I ask by what precedent, by what rea-
soning, by what right, you can do thin in a Gov-
ernment resting upon popular will—in a Union
made up by the voluntary agreement of each new
member that becomes a party to it?
I would like to have gentlemen explain. I de-
sire to be informed in relation to this new crced of
Democracy, which puts minorities in power and
compels majorities to submit against their legally
expressed will. Sir, there is but one answer; and
if it were fairly given, it would be simply that
slavery, in its deteimined spirit of propagandists,
defers to majorities when to its purpose, and
overrides and disregards them when they conflict
with its interests; heeds the will of majorities as
it keeps compromises and compacts, and that is
jmt so long as it is fur its tnfemf, and no longer.
These aic harsh and unpleasant truths, sir; but
truths nevertheless—truths which I take no pleas-
ure in uttering, yet established so that neither I
nor you can change or falsify the record if we
would.
You say, with the President, that the country
wants peace, and a stop to this excitemcnt. So
say we; but we want apeace founded upon justice,
and none other could be obtained if we desired it.
If you really desire such a peace, abide by your
compacts, and we will abide by ours; abide by
the principle of " popular sovereignty," which
you have established, whether it works against
you or for you, and not make complaints and
threats at its results. We protested, as I have
said, against the introduction of that principle into
the Territories. But, sir, while it remains, we
