m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 88,
of slavery was submitted to the people of Kansas
at the October election in a more favorable as-
pect than it will ever bepresented to them again.
Mr. Ransom was nominated by the Democratic
party for Congress, and if I had been a citizen of
Kansas I should have voted for him. The pro-
slavery men of Kansas had the advantage of pre-
senting a man from a free State for Congress; for
I understand from very good authority, that Mr.
Ransom is not a pro-slavery man. "What was the
result of that election? We find that Mr. Par-
rott, the Republican candidate for Congress, was
returned by a majority of some three thousand.
I consider that since the people of Kansas had a
chance to deliberate on the question of slavery,
and to express their views on it at the election in
October last, the question of slavery was settled.
I have been informed by two pro-slavery gentle-
men from Kansas that the slavery question was
not discussed at all about the time this conven-
tion was called to make a constitution. They
considered that it had been disposed of at the
Octobcr election, and for that reason that it would
never be agitated in the Territory again.
t am very sorry that I am placed in the unfor-
tunate position of disagreeing with my party on
this question, for I believe that I rendered as
much service in my way in the election of Mr.
Buchanan as any gentleman on this floor. He
was my choice before the convention at Cincin-
nati met. I considered him the most available
* and the most conservative candidate that could
be presented tp the American people for election
to the Presidency, and for that reason I supported
him. I regret very much that I am compelled to
differ with him on thisquestion; but, sir, I intend
to hold him responsible for it. I do not intend,
because I am a member of the Democratic party,
to permit the President of the United States, who
has-been elected by that party, to create civil war
in Kansas. The only thing that has astonished
me in this whole matter is the forbearance of the
people of Kansas. If they had taken the dele-
gates to the Lecompton convention and flogged
them, or cut their ears off, and driven them out
of tiio country, I would have applauded them for
the act.
I have spoken for the purpose of placing my-
self right upon thisquestion. It would be idle
in me to attempt to discuss it after Jt has been so
ably discussed by the Senator from Illinois and
the Senator from Michigan; but as the Senate is
about to adjourn to-day until after the holidays, I
thought it would be well for me to place myself
right on the record at least, and 1 have spoken
for that purpose. 1 may have something to say
upon this Lecompton constitution if it shall ever
be presented to the Senate for their action.
Yesterday I listened to the remark made by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] that we all
knew how party platforms were made. I luive
been in the habit of submitting to the rule of my
party. I am not like a great many ot her gen-
tlemen on this floor, even tainted with Fiec-Sml-
ism or Republicanism. I divided the great Dem-
ocratic party in New York in 1847 on this ques-
tion. There are two gentlemen now holding seats
on this floor—the Senator from New York [Mr.
King] and the Senator fiom Wisconsin [Mr. Doo-
j.itti.e]—who were members of a convention held
in that State at that time. They will both bear
witness that in that convention they made the
juopositiou to the party to which I was attached,
that if we would consent to the passage of a se-
ries of resolutions indorsing the Wilmot, proviso,
our wing of the party should have all the State
offices. [Laughter.] It was indignantly spurned,
and the party were defeated by a very large ma-
jority. 1 cannot, therefore, even be suspected of
being in any way connected with [''ree-Soihsm. I
would say further, that my most bitter and ma-
lignant opponents in the State which 1 have now
the honor m part to represent, belong to the Re-
publican party. I have thus stated my views for
the purpose of setting myself light on the lccoid. j]
i feel embarrassed—very much embarrassed m jj
doing so, because this is the first tnne I have ever j'1
attempted to address the Senate of the United jj
States. j'
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate pro- n
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to make a single
remark in answer to what fell from the Senator i
from California.
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw the motion for
the present, if the Senator will renew it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; I will renew the
motion. Mr. President, it is true, as stated by
the Senator from California, that he, and the Sen- {
ator from New York, [Mr. King,] and myself,
were members of the convention in the State of i
New York when what was termed the Demo-;
cratic party of that day was divided on this very \
issue. It is true that at that time in the history ;
of the affairs of this country, a resolution was j
introduced into the Democratic convention of the ,
State of New York, declaring the uncompromis- '
ing hostility of the Democracy of New York to !
the extension of slavery into any Territory now ;
free, by any action of the General Government, j
It is true that the honorable Senator from Cali- i
forma, then being a delegate to the convention
from the city of New York, and myself a dele-
gate to the convention from the western portion
of that State, disagreed in relation to the intro-
duction of that resolution; but I hope the honor-
able Senator will bear witness, that as far as I
am concerned, at least, no proposition ever camc
from me, directly orindirectly, that in considera-
tion of that resolution being passed in the con-
vention, offices should be bestowed on the other
side.
Mr. BRODERICIt. The Senator from Wis-
consin will allow me to explain. I may have
spoken too hastily on this question. I had not
much conversation at that time with the Senator
from Wisconsin; the conversation took place be-
tween the Senator from New York and myself.
It is true that he did not make the proposition,
and if he had made it it would not have been ac-
cepted; but he called upon me for the purpose of
getting the Democratic party in New York to
present an unbroken front to the Whig party.
We should have been in a largo majority 111 the
election if we had been united. 1 am sure the
Democratic party would have succeeded by some
forty or fifty thousand votes. I did not wish to
bt understood as saying that the Senator made it j
a condition precedent that I should go for their J
resolution. On the contrary, I meant quite the
reverse.
Mr. KING. I have no reason or disposition
-to doubt the accuracy of the recollection of the
Senator from California, though I have myself
no special recollection of a conversation on that !
subject. But I will say, frankly, that I have 1
always considered that there could be no other 1
motive on the p.utof a citizen residing in the free *
States to favor the extension of slavery than the i
hope of obtaining office from a majority made up !
by votes from the southern people. That was my |
opinion then, and it is my opinion now. [Laugh- !
ter.] Those with whom I have acted have never j
been, in my judgment, so anxious foroflice as to !
be controlled by tliateonsidoraaon. [Laughter.] \
Mr. RRODERlClv. I didnot hear the firstre- 1
mailt made by the Senator from New York, but
I would call to his recollection a circumstance con-
nected with it; and 1 think I shall be able to jog
his memory. The gentleman may recollect that, J
when the vote on the resolution was taken, it was j
about half past two or three o'clock on a Sunday ,
morning. [Laughter.] lie was m a state of great j
excitement, lie had the resolution in his hand, [
and he had it in his hand, 1 believe, for an hour I
or two before, in readiness to present it to the con- '
vention for their action, lie told me that his 1
fnends were notanxious to get any of the offices; !
that it was a matter of principle entirely with lurn i
and his friends; and that, if the portion of the I
party I represented were anxious to secure the :
offices, as n matter of eour.se, if we would only !
pass his resolution they would make no opposi- j
tion to the wing of the party 1 represented making 1
their nominations. [Laughter.] The gentleman
must have a very treacherous memory if he cannot;
recollect an event of that kind, because it did ;
take place; and I think, if he will relleet a mo- 1
mrnt, he will recollect speaking to mc at the door 1
of the convention while the convention was in j
session '
Mr. KING. The special conversation to which ■
the Senator alludes does not recur to me; but, as j
I stated to the Senator, that has always been my j
opinion, and I do not at all question the accuracy .
of his recollection. When I was appealed to I j
could notsustam iton special recollection,because 11
such conversations have been so frequent with !j
me that they may have occurred at that time.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. So far as the action of the
Senator from California is concerned, while a
member of the Democratic party in the State of.
New York, at the time when I was myself a resi-
dent of that State, I acquit him fully of any charge
of being even tainted with Free-Soilism, or any
inclination to support the movement which was.
made by what was then denominated the radical-
Democracy of the State of New York. It is true
that in that conventional 1847, when thisquestion,
which for the last ten years has been the question '
that, like Aaron's rod, has swallowed up all the
rest, was first broached in the United States, the
radical Democracy of New York met it at the
threshold. The Government of the United States,
through all its branches, its judiciary, its Con-
gress, its executive departments, had from the be-
ginning always exercised the unquestioned, and,
in my judgment, the unquestionable power to re-
strict the extension of slavery into the Territories
of the United States.
In 1S46, the other House of Congress passed an
act for that purpose. It came into this body, and
but for the unfortunate speech of Mr Davis, of
Massachuse tts, who talked out the last hours of the
session, it would have passed here. I do not speak
on my own authority. I refer to the correspond-
ence of Mr. Clay, who, writing to a friend from
the Senate Chamber, declared, " the Wilmot pro-
viso is about to pass the Senate.'* It was also well
understood that Geneial Cass, himself a member of
this body, expressed his anxiety again and again
to be permitted to record his vote in its favor.
But on his way home, and shortly after he arrived
there, it was well understood that the convention
of the Democratic party was about to assemble at
Baltimore; and that the delegates from some of the
southern States were then being elected; and that
they were elected under instructions that no man
should receive the nomination for the Presidency,
unless he was opposed to the Wilmot proviso.
TP4ic Nicholson letter then made its appearance.
Here, sir, in the history of events, and for the
first time in this country, by any public man of
any standing, was the heresy ever broached that
Congress had no power to govern its own Terri-
tories, or to restrict the extension of slavery into
them.
It was in reply to the declaration that no man
should receive a nomination at the Democratic
convention to be held at Baltimore, unless he was
openly opposed to the Wilmot proviso, that the
radical Democracy of New York, under the lead
of the friends of the late Silas Wright, took their
position. Yes, sir, they introduced the " corner-
stone"—the resolution on which the true and
radical Democracy have stood, and stand to-day
—and when they came to Baltimore with their
delegates, though it was thrown in their faces that
they stood on that resolution, they did not shrink
in that hour from declaring it.
Mr. BAYARD. I would appeal to the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin. I withdrew my
motion for an executive session, to give liini an
opportunity for a personal explanation in a mat-
ter with reference, to himself.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One single word further
and I have done. In that convention this reso-
lution was referred to. They stood upon it, and
the declaration they then made is true to-day—
whosoever falls on that stone will be broken in
picces, but on whomsoever it shall fall it will grind
linn to powder. General Cass fell on that stone
and was broken, arid woe be to the man,North or
South, on whom it shall fall.
1 beg pardon of the Senate and of the Senator
who made the motion for an executive session,
for occupying their time. It was no intention of
mine to be called into a debate at this time, and
perhaps I owe an apology to the Senate for speak-
ing with as much warmth and earnestness as I
have; but the allusion which the honorable Sena-
tor from California made, that I might have made
such a proposition for the purpose of obtaining
votes to the resolution—that 1 had piomised of-
fices to his party to produce that result—as it
was a matter that had never entered into my mind,
was one which I thought proper to say some-
thing about. I renew the motion for an execu-
tive session.
Mr. SL1DELL. I will state that there are two
very important communications from the Presi-
