1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dent on the table, which it is proper should be
opened.
Mr. BROWN. I propose to dispose of this
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair was about to suggest that
according to usage and parliamentary rule, the
pending question should be first disposed of be-
fore another motion intervenes.
Mr. BROWN. I rise for the purpose of moving
a postponement of this question, and I avail my-
self of the courtesy of the Senator from Delaware
to say that when the Senate shall meet again I
shall have some views of my own to express on
the matters involved in this debate. I desire
simply to say now, on a single point, that I stand
where I stood at the last session of Congress, and
that nothing which transpired in Kansas on Mon-
lay last is to changc my position. If the election
on Monday was a fair one, as I hope it was, in
which all parties were allowed freely and without
hindrance to take part, and Kansas asks admis-
sion as a free State, I stand upon the record in
favor of her admission. If, on the other hand,
she asks admission as a slave State, I shall ex-
pect those who entered into the compact with us
during the last session of Congress to abido by
their pledges and vote for her admission.
As I intend to speak on the question, I feel it
due to myself to say this in advance of any
intelligence from Kansas. Of what may have
transpired there on Monday, of course 1 know
nothing, and no one else knows anything; but
whatever it may have been, I am prepared to
stand by it, if,the election has been fair; that is,
if a fair opportunity was offeied to all parties to
vote. If my friends have thought proper to retire
voluntarily from the polls and allow the election
to go by default, that is their business and it shall
not change my policy here. If, on theotherhand,
the friends of other gentlemen have absented
themselves from the polls and allowed the elec-
tion to go by default, they ought not, in my judg-
ment, to change their policy. What I wish to be
understood as distinctly saying is, that so far as
those who had the management of the election are
concerned, they should have held the scales of
justice in equal balance between the parties, and
if all who desired to cast their ballots according
to law had an opportunity to do so, whether they
exercise the right or not, is a question which
shall not weigh a feather on my mind.
Waiving that point, simply indicating that I
have some purpose to express my views on the
mam questions, it no other Senator desires to ask
the courtesy of the Senator from Delaware, 1
move the further postponement of this question
until the 4th day of January, when the Senate
will again be.in session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to make a correction
ofan errorinto which I fell yesterday,in regard to
the constitution and schedule made at Lecompton.
I find in the schedule, that the officers to carry
the law into execution are required to be sworn,
and are subject in the penalties provided in the
territorial laws; but still I do not find that the re-
turns are to be made in obedience to territorial
laws. That part of my argument stands good as
before; but 90 far a^ requiring them to be sworn,
I find it is as stated by the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. CLAY. In reply, I will state, that if the
Senator will read the section through, he will see
that he is in error still.
The motion to postpone the further consider-
ation of the subject until the 4th of January was
agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the President t f the
United States, transmitting a letter of the Secre- j
tary of State, in compliance with a resolution of j
the 17th instant, calling for copies of any corre- j
spondence which may have taken place between !
the Department of State and the British and
French Ministers on the subject of claims for
losses alleged to have been sustained by subjects
of Great Britain at the bombardment of drey-
town; winch, on motion of Mr. Seward, was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the President of the United Stales, trans-
mitting a ietfer from the Secretary of State, in
answer to the resolutions of the Senate of the lGth
i and 18th instant, requesting correspondence and
documents relative to the Territory of Kansas;
. which, on motion of Mr. Davis, v/as ordered to
1 lie on the table, and be printed.
| EXECUTIVE SESSION.
1 On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate pro-
i ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
j and, after some timespenttherein, the doors were
! reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Monday,
the 4th of January, 1858.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 23, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
■ by Rev. P. D. Gueley.
■ The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
, QUALIFICATION OF A MEMBER.
' Mr. HILL announced that his colleague, [Mr.
: Tmppe,] who had been detained from the House
j by sickness in his family, was now present, and
; ready to be qualified.
J Mr. Robert P. Trippe was then qualified, by
j taking the usual oath of office to support the Con-
I stitulion of the United States.
j ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to
authorize the issue of Treasury notes; winch was
thereupon signed by the Speaker.
DELEGATE FROM UTAH.
Mr. WARREN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege; and 1 will state the reason why I deem it a
question of privilege. I desire to renew substan-
tially the resolution attempted by me to be brought
before this House some days since, in reference
to the Delegate from Utah. I hold, and I believe
the Chair will sustain me, that any resolution or
proposition touching the right of any member or
Delegate to a scat upon this floor, is at all times
a question of privilege, and ought at all times to
be received by this House.
Mr. BANKS. What is the question before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not yet
presented the resolution.
Mr. WARREN. I had hoped that no gentle-
man would object to the offering of a resolution
such as I have indicated, even though it could not
be regarded as a question of privilege. No man
ough t to object to it, for it is a matter every honest
man ou&ht 10 desire to be taken up by this House.
It is an investigation which ought to be had. I
send up the resolution, and while it is going up I
will state that it is a proposition to investigate
the right of the Delegate from Utah to occupy a
seat upon this flooi. It is abhonent to eveiy
member of this House, that we should be sitting
with the Delegate of a Territory in open rebellion,
not only against the moral sentiment, but the
legal Government of the country.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Wheieas, it ypppais fiom t!ie piochmation of Brigham
Vomit:, late Governor of the Tenitoiyof Utah, from the
Prusnh nf mcssaire, <uid fiom latet development^ that said
Ternfoiy is now in a s'are of open rebellion against the
Government 01 the United States Theiefore, be it
Revoked, That tne Committee on Tetmones be instructed
to repoit the facts, and to mqtme ,nto the expediency of the
immediat'i exclusion, from this floor, of the Delegate fiom
saidlVrutoiy.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would observe that the
Delegate from Utah is not in his seat, and I think
it proper that the resolution should be postponed
until he is present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the resolu-
tion is a privileged one.
Mr. WARREN. But a moment before I rose
the Delegate from Utah v/as in his seat,,and if he
chooses to vacate it, it is not my fault. But 1 will
press my resolution upon the House regardless
of the Delegate from Utah or anybody else. _ It
is a course which the Delegate expects; which
every man in the country expects; and it is asub-
ject which every member of this House should
'desire to have investigated.
Mr. BANKS. Is the resolution in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks his.
Air. BANKS. Upon what ground ?
The SPEAKER. It pertains to the right of a
member to his seat.
Mr. BANKS. Upon what ground, Mr. Speak- -
er, is it made the privilege of a member of "this
House to declare, by resolution, that a state of war
exists in any part of this Union, or that there is
insurrection in any Territory? That certainly
does not bring the matter before the House as a
question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. Thesnbject-matteroftKerea-
olution, which is submitted to the consideration
of the House, affects the right of a person who
now occupies a seat upon this floor, to continue
to occupy that seat.
Mr. BANKS. That is very true; but the fa,cts
upon which the gentleman predicates his resolu-
tion, do not affect the rights of that person. If
the gentleman from Arkansas states as a fact,
that the Delegate from Utah, as was stated by
a gentleman from Alabama in the last Congress,
in reference to the members from Massachusetts,
; is not entitled to his seat as a member of this
| House, and therefore ought to be expelled, 1
I would admit that it would be a matter of privi-
j lege. But here the facts upon which he bases his
; conclusion do not affect the rights of the Dele-
gate at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, upon the ground that the pream-
ble may or may not be adopted by the House,
1 while the resolution proposes an investigation of
j the right of a member to his seat, whether that
j right rests upon the facts stated in the preamble
i or not.
Mr. BANKS. I supposed the facts stated
were embiaccd in the resolution itself,
i Mr. BOCOCK. I have but a word or two to
I say in relation to this matter. I agree both with
. the Chair and with the gentleman from Massa-
; chusetts [Mr. B.\.NK.b] over the way. I think
| that inasmuch as the resolution, affects the right
j of a member of this House to a seat upon this
j floor, it is a question of personal privilege. Any
j member on this floor has a right to move a reso-
j Union to eject another member from the floor
| whenever he pleases, and that is a question of
privilege. But it will be for the House afterwards
to say whether the reason given for the action is
a sufficient reason or not. Now, it may be that
there is no sufficient reason given by the gentlc-
j man from Arkansas for ejecting the Delegate from
; Utah, and that he ought notto be ejected; but in-
1 asmuch as the resolution declares that the Dele-
j gate ought to be ejected from his seat upon this
I floor, that makes it a question of privilege,
[ I have no particular objection to the reference
! ©f this question to the Committee on Territories
; —and it was to that point that I rose to speak at
! this time—because I am willing that the Com-
> mittec on Territories shall inquire into and report
; these facts to the House; and that is all the reso-
■ lution asks. I am not prepared now, to say, and
■ the House is not required to say, by voting to
' refer this matter to the Committee on Territories,
, either that the facts chargcd by the gentleman
j from Arkansas are correct, or that, being correct,
they constitute a sufficient ground for the ejection
of the Delegate from Utah. Sir, I am not pre-
pared to say that because a member of the House
rises and says that a Territory or a State is in a
; condition of moral rebellion against this Union,
] that, therefore, it ought not to be entitled to rep-
resentation upon this floor. I am not prepared to
say, even if the fact were true, that the moral sen-
timent of any State or of any Territory differed
1 from the moral sentiment of my State, or the
; moral sentiment of this House, that such a fact
' would constitute a sufficient reason for ejecting
I its Representatives from this floor. I do not be-
i lieve that this House can set itself up as a grand
I inquisition in regard to the religion or morals of
' any part of this country. We are not here for
I any such purpose. We cannot constitutionally
: de< Inre that any State or Territory is in a con-
j dition of moral rebellion, and, therefore, not en-
■ titled to be heard upon this floor. But, sir, I do
' not' see that any harm can result from leaving the
! matter with the Committee on Territories, to be
inquired into and reported upon to the House.
The other proposition con taincdin the resolution
! is somewhat different. The gentleman r.harges
i in his preamble, or in the remarks which he made
; —I believe it is set forth in the preamble—that the
I Territory of Utah is in a condition of legal rebel-
lion, of rebellion against the laws of the land.
Well, whether, even if that were so, it would con-
