1858.]
APPEINDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
Here is an investigation conducted by a com-1
routee of the Legislature, held openly, a court lor !
the examination of witnesses examined under j
oat!i, and they proved the frauds to be moregreat !
and more enormous than either Mr. Walker or ]
Mr, Stanton had suggested, and more extensive j
and more outrageous than the Speaker of the '
House of Representatives and the President of,
the Council had certified to be their opinion upon ■
this subject. What they gave as matter of opin- ;
ion has been converted into fact and sustained by
actual proof and examination. 1
These are the evidences upon which I relied;
and, further, I relied imon this constitution, stand -
ing m conncction with and being contaminated
with the frauds that had been committed all mound ;
and about it, to show that it was a scene of fraud .
of a minority government, seeking by trick and '
contrivance to maintain a supremacy over a ma-
jority of the people. Sir, is the right of self-gov-
ernment to be hen4 denied to them? These v/ere ,
the proofs oil which I relied, and not, as the Sen- 1
ator supposes, on the simple testimony of two
gentlemen, though they were the Governor and
Secretary of the Territory, giving their opinion ,
on the subject. I relied upon facts which are
proved. They have been sufficient to convince
my mind; and convincing me of truth, I have en-
deavored to follow it. That is my guide, so help
me God, here, and it shall be my guide forevoi. ■
I thank my God that he has given me some lac-
uliy to distinguish between right and wrong-, and '
1 thank Him, moreover, (for the gift would have
been worthless if He had not gone further,) that
He has given with it the little courage that is ne-
cessary to dare to speak it. I have spoken it, and
I intend to follow it, and fear nothing in following ;
that path appointed to all men to pursue.
These are my convictions. The Senator re-
grets, however, that these convictionsrequire me
to act on this question with a party that he thinks .
dangerous and mjuriousto thecountry. Mr. Pros- ■
idem,I told you, when I had the honor of address- ■
ing you before, that I belonged to no party that ;
had any great representation here. What T do, if j
gentlemen wiU give me credit for candor, 1 do from !
my honest convictions and in the endeavor to do ]
justice and ibllo'w the truth. I do not act thus to
build up one party or to put down another. I have 1
no connection with these parties. I stand here, .
the independent Senator of my irntive State; of old '
Kentucky. All that I know on such subjects she ■
has taught me. She has taught me to he just and ,
to be honorable. That is her maxim; and, so help •
me Heaven, I will endeavor to act up to it. i
The question is not bctwem m<; and the honor-
able Senator who has jnstaddressed vou, who is 1
best supporting a party. 1 do not serk to sup- "
port the Democratic, paity, nor do 1 seek to sup- '
port the Republican party. 1 seek to do what I
believe to be the truth and the right before my j;
whole countrymen and for my whole countrymen, j j
I believe that the course I have taken is the best 'j
for the South, the best for the North, th" best for 'j
the whole country, and more than anything else j
calculated to wipe out those sectional Jmes and :
those sectional feelings which dwell so much in
the hearts of men and are so dangerous to our
Union and our Government. I believe that I serve
the North and the South and the whole country
best by the course I pursue, or I should nut pur-
sue it. ;
1 have seen it already stated that 1 announced |
myself in express terms as now taking my part *
with the northern Democracy. G^nt'eirien viil
all bear me witness that I said no such tiling. I Uo ■
not remember half what I said, and I have never
load what I did say since it has been published;
but I know I never said that, because I know 1 i
never thought it, and I very seldom say what T 'j
do not think. If such words could possioly have .
escaped between iny heart and my hps, they could
never have come from the heart or from the un- |
derstanding, and I here take the earliest opportu- '
mty of disclaiming them. But, sir, I never used |
them. I took a different position—one that I |j
thought befitted better u man of my age and the
representative of old Kentucky. j'
The Senator says that I have supposed always ]j
in my argument that the constitution does not em- i|
body the sense of the people of Kansas. I eer- !j
tainly have supposed so; and the evidences on ■!
which I relied are too much in the knowledge, and
too fresh m the recollection of tlu Henat", to re-
quire any repetition. 1 behove it is against the
sentiments of a iarg'j and overwhelming majority
of the people of Kansas. ! do not undertake to
justify the action of the people of Kansas who are
opposed to this constitution. In times past, they
have acted in a very disorderly and reprehensible
manner, seeming to be regardless of the peace of
the country and of the laws of the country, and
anxious only for the pursuit and accomplishment
of their own purposes. I think they could have
borne longer, and they could have borne more, if
they were oppressed to the whole extent that they
say ihey were For the boon of liberty and free
govei nment wo must oxpectto pay a heavy price,
and they ought to have been ready to pay their
part, by bearing temporary evils for the sake of
imperishable and lasting principles. 1 agree fur-
ther with my honorable friend from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Hammond,] ihatif the pro-slavery men
there had faiien, as they might have done, into
the same predicament, " they would have borne
longer and more before they would have resorted
to moans teudmg so mucxi to rebellion and to
war." I behove so, and I should have hoped,
but for tie": knowledge of the contrary that has
been brought home to vs, that the opponents of
the Lecompton constitution m Kansas would have
borne more and longer, until a time should come
when a returni-ng sense of justice on the pirt of
the Government, or an opportunity to assert their
lights, might have icsfoied them to them, unof-
tended by any aet of li-ix-iuon on then-pa. i. This
gieat Oov.T.iiiii nt is such a i-melt.-rnig pie.c , r<ud
such u gh".y to our e-mnn\ , ii ih'-v ought not
to have <'noan_ren.il i,5 oi one of it-'. piineipies, or
an hour oi ik peace, by me "(iikm' uiL-y pursued.
But s: ii, j--r taey a. e a n^h^e -i community, and
I wouid not, tor tinm* oia'.^es, break down the
principle of s< n'-govunim ni. Such examples of
intrusion upon, and nuraeuons of. great princi-
ples, are always m;ule upon occasions when some
bad case has exceed the public indignation. It
is undi'i Mich, excitement that encroachm< nts are
made. Tho«o persons did act m such a way as to
offend, 'o a great extent, the neoplo of a eurunn nor-
fion of this country, myself among them, by their
want of constitutional and of legal submission, and
temper to bt*ur what they suffered a little longei, in
the assurance of the rescue and the remedy winch
was ultimately to com-1 m tins Government, i
will not, however, because of that, trespass a sin-
gle hair's breadth on their political rights as a
P'-hticvl community and citizen of this country.
1 will preserve those rights sacredly, lx*ceuoo ad-
herence to prmeqde the great remedy for the.-se
temporary evils and efferv^seouces whenever they
may oecur. Tle-yare lure htile eruptions on the
human body.they will pass away if you presei ve
the general health. So will these political evils
pass away if you preserve untouched, and as a
sacred .rule to" be continually and faithfully fol-
lowed, the principles nnd the Constitution of your
country—the principles of hbertv, and that su-
ptemc law which out tatners laid down to us in
til-1 form of a Constitution. Ti.ot is my viuw of
this subject.
The evidences seem to me to o<j complete, that
this constitution is not according to the will of
the majority of the peopie of Kansas. In connec-
tion with this point, I said t hat if we even doubted
as to this question, inasmuch as the constitution
upon which we are called now to put our sanction
is to be permanent in its character—a permanent
law for the people of a State—jet us be sure that
it is in accordance with the will of the people.
When the inhabitants of Territories have come
here heretofore, asking for admission into the
Union, they have come with unequivocal evi-
dence of a universal assent. They might differ
about other things, but they ail wanted to be-
come a State. This is the first instance, that I
know of, where doubts have attended a constitu-
tion as to whether it is the will of the people or ;
not. Is not that a question well worthy of in- j
quiry, when we are giving our sanction to a con- j
stitution—a constitution, too, which even restricts i
the people themselves from changing it, except in J
the mode appointed and prescribed in the consti- j
tution? One part of the people come here and j
protest against it, and another part of tho people 1
come here and insist upon it; the one urging that
it is the will of the people as obtained in an au-,
: thentic form through the ballot-box, and the other
urging that there was fraud in the ballot-box, that
1 they could not vote because test oaths were re-
quired , which those who applied them knew must
exclude them from the polls. All these parties
are all now before us. We are the great paternal
tribunal to do justice—not merely the justice that
is administered according to-legal forms and legal
solemnities, but justice in its broad, political sense.
Would it be anything but paternal in us now to
say, " Fcllow-citizens, you have got all that into
that Territory by yourselves, and you have got
into dangerous and destructive feuds, putting at
hazard the peace of the country; you are in dis-
pute as to whether this constitution is the will of
the people; go home with it, put it to a vote of all
the people, and we shall perhaps, on a second
trial, see what we are not now so fully informed
of5"
Mr. POLK. I should like to ask the Senator
from Kentucky if he understands that there was
any test oath required for voting on the 21st of
December?
Mr. CR1TTEXDEN. Yes, sir; I know there
was.
Mr. POLK. Or was there on the 15th of June,
when delegates were elected to the constitutional
convention? Do you understand that there was
any test oath, at that election ?
It Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am speaking of one
,■ at which there was a test oath—the election on
!■ the constitution. It was an oath to support tho
jj constitution—a test oath to be taken before tho
;i vote was received.
Mr. POLK. Was there any test oath required
I' in the election for the constitution?
:] Mr. CIUTT END EX. Yes, sir.
:: Mr. POLK. "What was the test oath ?
j: Mr. CRITTENDEN. The test was that they
j; should swear to support the constitution as it
ij might be adopted, before they were allowed to
{j vote upon it.
.1 Air. POLK. If adopted.
jj Mr. CRITTENDEN. Swear to suppoit the
;! constitution just as I have said.
i! Mr. POLK, 1 should like to know exactlv
! what is the te-«t oath to which the Senator from
;! Kentucky letVrred *
.1 Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will read it to the gen-
; tk-man, for his more precise information:
p <• -vny person offering to vote at the aforesaid election,
j! upon the said constitution, shall, ii challenged, take an oath
11 -upport the Coii-mtuiion of'the United States, and to
j | support this eon-tituhon, under the penalty of perjury under
l! the terutoual laws."
; Air. POLK. I want to know if that is the test
| oath to winch the Senator referred, and which he
! considered objectionable?
j; Air. CRITTENDEN. I cannot tell what the
j| gentleman wants. That is the test oath I alluded
!j to.
■! Air. POLK. I suppose the Senator is not of-
:I fended ?
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. Not at all.
[ Air. POLK. I wished to ask him what was
' the test oath he referred to, and I certainly did it
j with resneet.
| AI-. CRITTENDEN. Certainly, I so under-
j atood; and I intended to answer the gentleman
1 lespcctfully. Well, sir, I asked on this subject,
; in my argument, if it was not competent for Con-
i gress to send this constitution back, and have
; another election now. to ascertain and make cer-
! tain whether this was the will of the majority;
I and I said thnt it would be competent for Con-
! gross to send it back and back again. I spoke
simply of the power of Congress. They have
i that power unquestionably. Nobody will deny
^ that; but shail they do it? That depends alto-
j gethcr on the circumstances of the case, and the
i ground there may be for a reasonable doubt on
i the subject. The power is within the competency
of Congress. Whether they will exercise it oV
not iri this or that case, is a mere question of ex-
pediency depending on circumstances. 1 think
this a proper case for it, and I said so—not for
j sending it back, as the Senator from Missouri
« [Air. Greek*] says, time and time again, and cry -
| mg slips, as he did at school, and trying it over.
I spoke of this as a thing that might be done;
