1232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
mention southern " emigrant aid societies " and
««blue lodges,*9 as connected with this Kansas
history.
Sir, I do not intend to go over the history of
these wrongs. The people of my se.ction know
them all, and those of your section would never
see the evidence were I to collect it. It has already
been many times done more perfectly than I could
do it, and presented in a way no hour speech can
present it. But I have just received a letter from
a distinguished citizen until within a few months
a resident of my district, and now a resident, of
Kansas, which, from his high standing and from
long years of untiring, unfaltering support to
whatever has been called" democratic, will en-
titleittocreditinmydistrict,if nowhere else. He,
for years, shared the toil and the triumphs of that
party; he .was'the supporter of Mr. Picrce and
Mr. Buchanan, and he left his old home for the
West with feelings toward the " Black Republi-
cans" similar to those taken to Kansas by Reeder,
Geary,'Walker, and Stanton, and you will see by
his letter that his conversion has been not less
perfect than theirs:
Leavenworth City, February 23, 1858.
Dear Sir : You may not know that 1 have been a resident
of this place since May Ia*t. Supposing that the political
storm which raged here with such fury had parsed away,
I came here with my family, together with Mr. Brown,
(who married my youngest daughtei.) with the intention
of making this my future home. The end, however, it
seems, is not yet. No man out of the Territory can form
any just idea of the enormity of the wrongs to which the
free-fitate people have been subjected. Very little reliance
can be placed on the public pi ess. To know the facts, a
person must live here. The free-State people outnumber
the rest of our population m the proportion of five to one ;
and yet, through the atioeious frauds committed on the bal-
lot-box, we are never sure of securing our rights. By this
time you will have >.een something of thus in the testimony
taken by a committee, &c. We care nothing for what may
he done by our opponents, if the bailor bo\ can hqsacredly
secured to us, Until that right is secured, we are at the
mercy of the most unscrupulous gang of marauders that
Heaven ever suffered to live.
You know I have always voted the Democratic ticket-
one of the Hard-Shell?' of New Yoik ; hut if the treatment
we receive at the hands •>! Government he Demouucy, I
am no longer one of them ; and, from my inmost <<oul, hid
you and your Kepuhliean bretlnen God \>peed in any and
all honorable mean* to hedge up their wav in all attempts
to violate the great puuciplc on winch the Kaussus- Nebraska
bill is based.
This is a fine country; and, when peace is restoied, and
the right shall prevail, will rapidly till up, and ultimately
become a tir-t-cla^.s State.
I shall be happy to hear from you, from time to time, at
your leisure.
With much respect, I am, dear sir, yours,
JAMES TAYLOR.
Hon, E. B. Pottle.
Mr. Chairman, I have but few words to add in
conclusion. I will only repeat, I desire peace; I
desire that the presentcxcitement shall pass away
and give place to that brotherly feeling which
ought to exist between those of the same nation,
of the same blood, and speaking the same lan-
guage. War and stiife is ever hateful,and doubly
so when waged by members of a common family
against each other. Rut,as 1 said,there will bono
peace except it be founded injustice—fraud and
violence never yet produced peace, and never will.
They are ever the harbingers of strife and of war;
and so will they prove if a continuance of them
is persisted in. The people of Kansas have pa-
tiently waitedand borne wrongswlnch would have
shaken any monarch in Europe from his throne.
They have waited in hopes that finally they
would bii allowed the peaceful constitutional rem-
edy of the ballot-box, and thus put a stop to their
oppressions. Compel them into the Union under
this constitution and take from them that hope,
and they will wait no longer. They will resist, I
doubt not; and I think they will not be left to re-
sist alone and unaided. The cause of constitu-
tional right is the cause of millions who never saw
Kansas.
The honorable member from Georgia already
referred to, told us the other day that" the North
in this Kansas matter had fought with a steadiness
and zeal worthy of a better cause." Sir, I tell the
gentleman, and all who seek to fasten this great
wrong upon the people of Kansas, that, sliould
they succeed, they will see a zeal and steadiness
upon the part of the North hitherto unknown.
They will yet come to realize that our " fanati-
cism''* has already reached that point where we
recognize no better, no holier cause than that of
human liberty—no higher duty than opposition
to fraud and oppression. They will come to know
that, however we differ as to whethei any more
slave States shall, under any circumstances, be
admitted into the Union, there is one point upon
which we e^ree, and that is, that slavery will not
be allpwed to add new States by fraud or by vio-
lence without meeting our determined, unfalter-
ing, resistance; and from this position we cannot
be driven by any threat of danger to the .Union.
Mr. ABBOTT obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Will thegentleman
yield to me a few minutes of his time ?
Mr. ABBOTT. I dislike to appear discourte-
ous, but I have been trying to get the floor for
some time, and I prefer to go on.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man will yield to me, and that the time I shall
occupy will not be taken out of his time.
Mr. ABBOTT. I have no objection to yielding
to the gentleman if the Chair decides that it shall
not come out of my time.
Mr. FLORENCE. If there is a general under-
standing that no business shall be done, I can see
no objection to the committee sitting on as long
as gentlemen wish to speak. There was such an
understanding on Saturday night, and I trust that
understanding will be considered as applying to
this evening, so that gentlemen need not remain
here if they do not desire it.
Mr. ABBOTT. I yield, then, to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Thegentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Bishop,] in his address to the
House to-day, thought it necessary to travel out
of the record to assail the character of Illinois.
He left, or he undertook to leave, the impression
upon the minds of members of the House, and of
the country, that that State was unfaithful to her
obligations. I sought the floor earnestly, the mo-
ment he resumed his seat, but was unable to secure
it. I said, however, while I was up, and I repeat
now, that the assertion of thegentleman is a base
slander upon Illinois, and I hurl it back with in-
dignation as such. Sir, she is not unfaithful to
her engagements, nor does she icfuse to pay the
interest upon her public debt. Her character
stands as fair as that of any other State in this
Union, and it is unjust that she should be assailed,
nor will I allow it to be done with impunity. She
has not only been faithful to her pecuniary obli-
gations; not only has she maintained her char-
acter at home and abioad in this respect, but
she has been faithful to her political obligations.
Never has she voted for any other than the Dem-
ocratic candidates for President and Vice Presi-
dent; and it comes with an ill grace and in an ill
time, for the gentleman from Connecticut thus to
attack her. Can he say as much for the State
from which he comes? Sir, the instances of her
support of Democratic men and Democratic meas-
ures have been " like angels' visits, few and far
between." Illinois has never faltered in her course.
She gave her electoral vote for James Buchanan;
can the gentleman say as much for Connecticut?
Does the gentleman from Connecticut come here
to assail the character of Illinois, when he repre-
sents a State which has resting upon it the dis-
grace of a Hartford convention, and the blue lights
set out upon the shore of New London to indicate
aid and assistance to the enemy? a State which
enacted the code of blue laws ? 1 seek not to assail
the character of Connecticut; but, if the genllemau
wants a parallel drawn between the character and
standing of his State and mine, I am ready to meet
the issue.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman will yield
to me, for a few minutes, I simply want to say to
him and to the committee, that the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Bishop] is not here. He has
been called home by an affliction in his family. I
do not wish to interrupt the gentleman or call him
to order, but I merely make the suggestion for his
j information. 1 thought, perhaps, the gentleman
I did not know of his absence.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman from Connec-
ticut fired a shot, and then ran away.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I presume the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has accomplished his
purpose in announcing that the gentleman from
Connecticut is not here, by asking whether I knew
it. I tell the gentleman that I did know it, or, at
least, that I supposed such to be the case; but the
gentleman and the committee will bear me witness
when I say, that I endeavored to get the floor
as soon as he was done speaking, and 1 appealed
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pottle,]
who obtained it, to allow me a few moments of
his time to reply to the gentleman from Connec-
ticut when'he was still in the House to hear me;
and,while he was still standing here, I did ail I was
allowed time to do—brand his assault upon Illinois
as a foul slander. I have no great fears of the
gentleman from Connecticut. This is not the
place where we should stand in intimidation of
each other. It is a place where the language of
truth should be spoken and the character of his-
tory vindicated.
Mr. FLORENCE. If thegentleman will allow
me a word of explanation, I shall be obliged to
him. I desire to say to him, and to this commit-
tee, that I had no other desire and no other pur-
pose in interrupting thegentleman than to inform
him, supposing, perhaps, that he was not aware
of it, that the gentleman from Connecticut was
absent. I desire to make no defense of the gen-
tleman from Connecticut, or any other gentleman,
and I do not think it is quite fair that the gentle-
man should take my conscience into his keeping.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. That is two or three
times the gentleman has communicated that in-
formation to the committee, and I think by this
time we understand it. I think, at least, it will
not be necessary for him to announce it again.
But, sir, I desire not to detain the committee,
but for a moment to vindicate the character of my
State; a State, sir, for which I ask no favors. She
speaks for herself, Mr. Chairman, and occupies
a proud position, pecuniarily, socially, and politi-
cally. She has spoken for herself upon our battle-
fields, and will soon speak here in a manner to be
felt; for after the next census she will be equal,
on this floor, in power, with the State from which
the gentleman comes.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am glad to hear it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I am glad thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has no jealousy, and I
only wish the gentleman from Connecticut had
been equally as considerate, and refrained from
his aspersions. They were unnecessary, and in
using them he went out of the legitimate line of
remark and argument. But thegentleman did use
them, and thought proper to assail Illinois with-
out the slightest provocation. Whether for that,
or for his defense of the Lecompton constitution,
or his attack on the Dred Scott decision, or for
some other cause, gentlemen from the South clus-
tered round, congratulated, and shook him heart-
ily by the hand, I do not know. Perhaps it was
for the lecture he gave them for making what he
was pleased to denominate imprudent speeches
upon this floor, and the imploring manner in which
he besought them to cease placing the poor white
man of the North and the negro of the South on
an equality. I did not think it was from the argu-
ment, for it was difficult to tell upon which side
he was speaking, or who was hit. Gentlemen
from the South had not much certainly to con-
gratulate themselves upon. If they can stand the
speech, we certainly can. I was considerably
amused when the distinguished gentleman from
Virginia, who spoke before him, took the posi-
tion that the constitution of Kansas could not be
altered by the Legislature, or by the people until
1864, to find the gentleman from Connecticut,
sleeping in the same Lecompton bed with him,
say not only that the constitution may be changed
by the people, but the Legislature itself may abol-
ish slavery by a mere legislative act at any time it
pleases. Will southern gentlemen go with the
gentleman from Connecticut in favor of that doc-
trine? I apprehend that no southern gentleman
on this floor will subscribe to it; so that I'repeat
that I do not see much in the speech of the gentle-
man that they can find to congratulate themselves
upon. The gentleman seems to have fired at the
whole world, and missed it, too, at that.
But, sir, I will not attempt, nor was it my pur-
pose in rising, to follow the course of the gentle-
man's remarks. He took the position here, as
others have done, that Kansas should be admit-
ted under the Lecompton constitution. Without
noticing his assumption or following his argu-
ment, I will only express my surprise that Con-
necticut, which has voted so rarely with the Dem-
ocratic party, and so seldom given her allegiance
to Democratic principles, of ail the New England
States, should be found upon this floor advocat-
ing, through her Representatives, the doctrine,
not of freedom, but of the extension of slavery,
by a system of the most damning frauds that ever
