166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
stitutc a reason for ejecting its representative from
this floor, is a question well worthy of inquiry by
the lawyers and statesmen of this House. Sir, a
large majority of the people of a State or Terri-
tory might he in rebellion; and yet, under the Con-
stitution and laws of the country, are not those
who are true and loyal entitled to be heard upon
this floor ? I am willing that the Committee on
Territories shall take that question and inquire
into it. But, sir, I deny that we have any facts
before us now that would justify us in declaring
that the Territory of Utah is in a condition of
legal rebellion against this Government? Wheie
is the authority for the declaration ? Where is
the message from the President or from any of
the Executive Departments coming down to this
House and declaring that the Territory of Utah
is already in a condition of actual rebellion? What
have we, 1 ask, to justify us in making any &ch
declaration?
1 merely rose, Mr. Speaker, to state that I am
not prepared to say now that 1 concur in the facts
stated by the gentleman from Arkansas, or that,
even if those facts were verified, they would
constitute a sufficient reason for the ejection of
the Delegate from Utah from his seat upon this
floor. I take it that it is a fair subject for inquiry;
and all the gentleman from Arkansas asks is, that
the Committfo on Territories shall inquire into
and report the facts to the House, with their rec-
ommendation for action. I am willing that that
shall be done. And now, sir, if no other gentle-
man desires to address the House, I will move
the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
say a few words.
Mr. BOCOCK, Then I will not cull the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I regard
this movement as a very important one; and I
think, under alt the aspects of the case, that the
time has not arrived even for the question of refer-
ence. I do not think that it is prudent, upon the
part of the House, under all the circumstances of
the case, to entertain tins subject at all. It will
be observed by the House that everything that.
Brigham Young has done thus far, he says that
he has done in his capacity of civil Governor of
Utah. The proclamation of which complaint is
made appear# as the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor of Utah. While I am free to say that there
is no probability that Mr. Young is deceived in
the fact, and while I doubt not lie knows that he
is no longer Governor of Utah, there is a strong
plausibility in the supposition, or a probability,
that the people of the Territory of Utah may be
deceived in the extent to which Bugham Young,
as Governor, had a right to go. I have frequently
thought that it would have been much more pru-
dent upon the part of the new Governor to have
met the proclamation of Brigham Young with a
counter-proclamation to the people of Utah, show-
ing the fact of his own appointment, of the depo-
sition of Brigham Young by the President of tiie
United States,and of his (Governor Cummins's)
qualification m his new civic capacity, so as to
have stripped from the shoulders of Brigham
Young the cloak under winch he is now acting,
and to have thus placed the people who reside in
the Territory of t7tyh,"ither in a position to have
legally resisted Brigham Young, or m the undis-
guised attitude of lebHhon. And I am free to say,
also, that I think the distinguished Executive
head of this country would have exhibited a
greater degree of prudence if he had himself made
this proclamation of which 1 sp-'ak to the people
of Utah, so soon as he heard of the proclamation
of Brigham Young.
We must notice the fact that what Young has
done thus far, he has done under the cloak of his
civil capacity. Nor am I advised, except by news-
paper reports, that his successor has yet been
qualified, or that that successor has yet officially
communicated to Brigham Young the fact of his
deposition from the office of Governor.
I agree entirely with the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bocock,] that we are not to look for
the tenure of our seats in this Hall to the moral
sentiment of the States or of tlnj districts we rep-
resent. There are a large class of men in this
country who believe in the doctrine of secession:
now, suppose that a State of this Confederacy,
carrying out that doctrine, had declared its intent
to disobey and to resist a law which it deemed
unconstitutional: would you concede the right,
or would any gentleman from your latitude con-
cede the right, to a reference of a resolution to a
Committee of Elections, to a special committee,
or to any other committee of the House, to ascer-
tain whether, in view of this fact, and of the atti-
tude assumed by such State, its Representatives
should be expelled from this House? I recollect
that, last year, the tables of the committee of
which I am a member were burdened down with
any number of memorials, coming from a large
portion of the country, declaring slavery a viola-
tion of the Constitution.
Suppose that this Hall should exhibit such a
disproportion in representation that there would
be a majority of Representatives entertaining that
opinion: would you concede the right to expel
from this floor the Representatives of States where
slavery exists, because it might be assumed that
this was a violation of the Constitution?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not understand the
resolution. I want to ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] whether it makes any
allegation against the Delegate here ? If people
in Utah violate the law, that is no reason why the
Delegate should be held to be false to his alle-
giance, or why he should be expelled from this i
House. !
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. As I under-
stand the resolution, it is a proposition for refer-
ence, on the ground that the people of Utah are in
rebellion.
Mr. BANKS. As I understand it, the resolu-
tion before the House is received on the ground
that it states no facts.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. No; I un-
derstand it differently from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
resolution for the information of the gentleman
from Kentucky.
The resolution was again read, the preamble
being omitted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is no ground stated
at all.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Read the
preamble. 1 understand this to be the state of
facts: 1 understand the gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Wariien] to offer the preamble and resolu-
tion. The Chair decides that the proposition is
in order, because the House retains the liberty to
reject the preamble and to pass the resolution; so
that, for all the purposes of the reference, both
are here. The preamble shows the rationale—the
reason why the House is invited to adopt the
resolution. Both, I suppose, will be referred
together, because the resolution by itself has no
meaning. It states no gravamen, suggests no
hypothesis, recites no fact. It is the mere ques-
tion, whether the Delegate from Utah shall be ex-
pelled? If you cut off the preamble, the commit-
tee would be, most certainly, awkwardly situated,
as, without the suggestion of any ground, it would
merely have the question referred as to the exclu-
sion of the Delegate from Utah from his seat m
this Hall.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask leave of the gentle-
man from Kentucky to have the preamble read.
Does it make any allegation against the Delegate i
from Utah? If not, it seems to me there is noth-
ing before the TTouse at all.
The preamble was read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit that that does not
make any point. If it charged that the Delegate
from Utah was false to the oath of allegiance which
he has taken, that might be a reason for expelling
him. But if these other people violate their obli-
gations, I do riot see that thai raises any ground
of expulsion against him.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I certainly
agree with the gentleman from North Carolina in
the matter of his suggestion, and I was exactly
in the amplification of that idea when he inter-
rupted me.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois^ With the permis- !
sion of the gentleman from Kentucky, I will offer i
an amendment which will change somewhat the !
issue: !
That the Committee on Territories be, and they are here-
by, mstiucted to iepoit a bill for the repeal of the organic
ncr of the Tenifory of Htah, ami to attach saul Territory to
other Territory or Terntories, for judicial purposes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules the amend-
ment oat of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. As the Chair
has ruled that amendment out of order, I will not
fatigue the ear of the House by discussing it. It
has no relation to the subject-matter. Nor will I
longer stand in the way of gentlemen who seem
to be so anxious about the proposition.
I want merely, in concluding, to remark that I
do not think it will be prudent in the House, by act-
ing against the Delegate from Utah, to take a step
which may be the recognition of a state of re-
bellion in Utah; for, mark me, the gentlemen who
are attached to this Administration, and the gen-
tlemen who favor this Administration, will as-
sume a very high responsibility whenever they
adopt the fact that there is rebellion in Utah, ancl
recognize the fact that the expedition sent to Utah
was intended as a military expedition against
Utah. I warn gentlemen not to fall into that error,
by passing a resolution of this description. I
understand the Administration to hold that the
expedition which was sent to Utah in September,
was designed merely to accompany the ingoing
civil officer, to escort him in safety, and to afford
strength to him after his arrival, in the discharge
of his proper civic functions. And I warn gen-
tlemen that it will be necessary for them to take
that position in regard to this expedition before
the session closes. I do not want the House, by
rushing into a precipitate conclusion, bearing on
the Delegate from Utah, to either recognize re-
bellion as the status of the Territory of Utah, or
to prejudge the question, that must come before
it appropriately hereafter, in reference to the army
of this country marching against Utah. I do not
myself believe that the House ought now to en-
tertain the subject at all. We have not heard,
this session, from the Delegate from Utah. He
has not opened lus mouth here during the session.
He has no suggestion from Utah to make to the
General Government. He is doing us no harm.
I think, in fact, Mr. Speaker, that as time wears
on, we may want the Delegate from Utah here.
Ho may have a good deal of information we shall
want. If he is a true man to his country he will
communicate it. I confess that for one, as a mem-
ber of the Military Committee of this House, I
would rather he were here than not; and at all
events, I am not willing, under all the circum-
stances, to ignore by this movement the rights of
those of his constituents who may be true, or to
recognize a state of war with Utah.
Mr. WHITELEY. I understood the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Morris] to propose to in-
struct the Committee on Territories absolutely to
report a bill to abolish the territorial government
of U tah.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois was ruled to be out of order.
Mr. WHITELEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment relating to the point. I move to amend the
resolution by adding the following:
And that tliey also be instructed to inquire into tlie pro-
priety of reporting a bill for abolishing the temtorial gov-
ernment of Utah.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman is not ill order, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
I think this resolution ought not to be adopted,
even for the purpose of inquiry. I think, under
the law of this country and the view that our
Constitution takes, that we are not here entitled
to assume that any Territory is in a state of re-
bellion, or that any State is making resistance to
the General Government. If there is resistance
m either a Territory or State, it is not in the
eye of the law, and cannot be a resistance of the
legal authorities of the Territory, and therefore
cannot be regarded as the resistance of the Ter-
ritory itself; but certain evil-disposed persons
within.the limits of the Territory, under the guise
of its authority, are resisting the laws that bind
them.
The preamble and resolution not only ignore
that first principle of American government, but
they assume the fact that the representative of the
Territory of Utah on this floor is the representa-
tive of that rebellious government, and not the
representative of the citizens of the United States
who elected him and sent him here; and, conse-
quently, unless gentlemen are ready to abandon
the American views of the relations of citizensto
the Government, and of the organized Territories
to the Government, they cannot vote for that res-
olution.
