1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1258
disgraced the country. I do not undertake to ac-
count for it. It is a matter of astonishment to me,
and doubtless will be to others, that she should
be found thus acting. The country may account
for it. I do not undertake to say for her whether
she is right or wrong—I am only surprised to find
her where she is. I will not undertake to inter-
fere between the gentleman and his constituents:
that I will never do with any gentleman. But, I
repeat, it is a matter of astonishment to me that
Connecticut is the only State in New England in
favor of receiving Kansas under the Lecompton
fraud. The assumed legality of that instrument,
upon which the gentleman planted himself, I would
not care the snap of my finger for, if I thought I
was acting 111 violation of the public will, and X
am astonished he should. Like all others who
preceded him, he ignored that, and rested him-
self upon the merest technicality. There is the
ground-work of his argument; it is the only basis
upon which he stands.
I regret, sir, the necessity for these remarks.
I would have preferred that the gentleman from
Connecticut should have been present when I
made them. I tried to make them in his hearing,
but I failed to get the floor, and I did not want
this day to pass without submitting them. Hence
I availed myself of this, the first favorable op-
portunity to do so.
I hope that hereafter the character of the States
will not be dragged into this controversy. I hope,
if the gentleman deems it proper to assail the Rep-
resentatives of Illinois, that lie will, at least, spare
that gallant State. She deserves no anathemas at
his hands. I wish he were here, so that, 1 might
interrogate him, as I should like to ask him when
and where Illinois has acted dishonorably? I am
sure Connecticut cannot boast of anything over
Illinois. It is true that she has a magnificent
school fund, but she obtained that, amounting to
about a million and a quarter of dollars, from the
public domain which she held on to with a death-
less grasp; while Virginia, God bless her mem-
ory, for I love her ! magnanimously surrendered
her lands to the General Government. Why, sir,
Illinois could buy Connecticut, without ieelmg
her treasury had been depleted, for a cow pasture. !
But I see the gentleman, who so kmdly gave me
a few moments of his time, thinks I have occu-
pied enough of it, and is desirous of proceeding.
I will not, therefore, trespass further upon las
patience, or that of the committee. The present
proud position of Illinois is the best vindicator
of her character, and I leave her reputation where
it will be safe—in the hands of impartial history.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. Chairman, the Constitu-
tion of the United States makes it the duty of the
President to communicate to Congress, from time
t.o tim", information of the state of the Union, and
I need not add that the information contemplated
by the Constitution is truthful, reliable inform-
ation—such information as Congiess would be
justified in acting upon. Information of an op-
posite character, known to be such, is not only
an insult to Congress and the American people,
but it is the highest evidence of executive corrup-
tion or of executive servility to a corrupt power
behind the Executive himself, i propose, in what
remarks I make, to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the character of the information com-
municated to Congress in the President's late
Lecompton message. I regard that message as the
most singular document that ever emanated from
an American President, or even from an Amer-
ican political partisan—singular for its weakness
and its folly, singular for the multiplicity of its
false statements, singular for its wanton perver-
sion of history, and singular for the absurdity of
its conclusions.
In that message the President has seen fit to
fully sanction and approbate all the frauds, all the
illegal acts, all the violences and usurpations which
have been practiced by the pro-slavery party m
Kansas since its organization to the present time.
On the contrary he has unqualifiedly denounced
the free-State men as rebels and traitors. When
the President wrote that message, and thus char-
acterized the free-State men of Kansas as rebels
and traitors, he must have known that charge was
made without any foundation m truth. He knew
that all the troubles in Kansas, or nearly all of
them, sprung legitimately from his own acts, the
acts of Franklin Pierce, and the acts of the Demo-
era tic party, who faithlessly repealed the Mis-
souri compromise, and thereby made Kansas a
battle-field between freedom and slavery? Who
invited and supported the border-ruffian invasion
of that fertile Territory ? Who sustained and en-
forced the laws enacted by legislators,elected by
that band of foreign usurpers ? Who decapitated
Reeder, Geary, Stanton, and Walker, because
they faltered in the execution of the infamous work
assigned them ? Who have violated their faith and
honor relative to protecting the people of Kansas
in the right to form and regulate their domestic
institutions m their own way? Who are now
about to force the Lecompton constitution, that
fraudulent child of a factious minority,on Kansas
against the solemn protest of four fifths of its
people? Who have shielded the men who have
committed the numerous crimcs which have been
recorded in the Territory of Kansas? Who, I
ask, are the guilty authors of all these unheard of
atrocities? who but the President, and the party
whose true exponent he is ? Let us, the present
guardians of popular rights in this country, ex-
amine the President's indictment against the free-
State men of Kansas, and see who are the dis-
turbers of the public peace, who the traitors to our
country and its free institutions? Whether they
are the accused or the accusers?
In 1890, jealousies sprang up between the North
and the South, relative to the slavery question. ]
The statesmen of that day, in good faith, for the j
purpose of restoring peace to the country, adopted j
the Missouri compromise. The people approved
of the act, lived under it for a thiid of a century,
and never, from any section of the country, sent
up a petition to Congress for its repeal.
In 1850, another slavery excitement arose, and
the leading statesmen of that day, of all shades
of politics, united in allaying it by another set of j
compromises, some of which were oxtreraely ob- I
noxious to the free sentiments of the country; j
but, for the sake of peace, ail sections of the coun- j
try and all parties finally acquiesced in them, and j
agreed that they should be a finality upon the
slavery agitation. The great Whig paity, now j
dead, and the great Democratic pa/ty, now dying, |
each inserted in their political platforms, " no j
moie slavery agitation, either m Congiess or out j
of it."' |
Franklin Pierc*, in his inaugural address, re- ,
; asserted and ruiflirnud the same wise and patri- i
otic doctrine—" no nv>re slavery agitation." \et ;
in less than two yeais afterwards, when the coun- !
try was in a state of profound quiet, he employed
the whole power and patronage of the Federal
Government in aid of the Democratic party to le-
peal the Missouii compromise—an act preemi-
nently calcuiat'd to throw the whole country into
a perfect rage of slavery excitement; and that, too,
foi no other earthly purpose than U> extend and
S nationalize slavery. The hypocritical proteose
i that it wns done for the purpose of abolishing an
| odious exception against slavery, and to give uni-
! vnrsaluy to the great principle of popular sover-
j eignty, has long since cased to deceive any one.
| The acts of the pro-shivery party since its repeal,
I if there was any doubt before, have fully demon-
j strated the purpose for which it was done. Pop-
i ular sovereignty! The Missouri restriction re-
1 peeled for the purpose of extending its principles !
; What is popular sovereignty? Dcmociatic pro-
| slaveiy, Buchanan popular sovereignty ? it is the
| ficc, vtitraminclcd light, under certain \iileimous
! test-oaths, to choose between two slavery consti-
i tutions, so nearly balanced in enormity that we
i cannot tell which is the worst, This 113 popular
j sovereignty under the present Administration.
' Now^if the Democratic party had kept its faith,
' stood upon its platform, and let those compro-
1 mises alone, which woie maue by patriots for pa-
| triotic purposes, should we have had any troubles
' in Kansas ? would armed invaders have h^ensent
: there Aom Missouri to rob the prop!,* of their
' rights? would Beauford and his three hundred
! vdlainous followers have gone from Alao;ima to
! Kansas to harass and drive out the ftee-State
| men bv robbery, murder, rape, and every other
: conceivable crime? and if they had, would thev
1 have been sustained by the federal Army, and
: favored by theNational Administration wish omue
I as a reward for their infamy ? _ 3N o. If mc Dem-
i ocratic party had kept its taitu, lot the ...issouu
! compromise alone, we should now have been in
| harmony with ourselves; Iva nsaswould have been
I quiets free, and happy; the public business would
have progressed without interruption, and the
great interests of-the country would be eared for,
and the national crcdit, the national honor, and
the national morality, too, "would be sustained.
I do not say that the Missouri compromise was
unrepealable. No; for I hold that no law, no con-
stitution is unrepealable, because of an ever-pres-
ent, existing sovereignty in the people. But I do
say, that with the knowledge that it was a peace
compromise between the antagonism of freedom
and slavery, no hand but a ruthless hand would
have touched it; no demagogue but a demagogue
seeking power or place, without regard to means
or consequences, would have sought to abrogate
it. I desire here to ask southern gentlemen one
question: if the Missouri compromise had pro-
vided that freedom should not go south of 36°
30', and the North having the power, with the
aid of a few dough-faces from the South, had re-
pealed that old peace compact, and had made use
of the same fraudulent means to force freedom
south of that line that you have to force slavery
north of it, would you have submitted to it ? No,
gentlemen, you would have boiled over with
righteous indignation; you would have accused
us of a breach of faith; of treachery towards the
South; of hostility to the Union:you would have
called us seetionalists, traitors, knaves; and the
rebuke would have been just and merited; and
every honest man in the country would have said
that we received no more than our due.
The President, in his last annual message, ad-
mits the fact that the Lecompton constitution,
with what is called the slavery clause stricken
out, sustains slavery to the extent of all the slaves
which may be in the Territory at the time of its
admission into the Union, and their increase for-
ever, which may be multiplied indefinitely by a
little attention to slave breeding. I quote from
his message:
Should 1 lie constitution witkout slavery he adopted by
the votes of the majoiny, thp right* of pfoperty in slaves
now in tlie Teintor} are ieaerved; and such is the consti-
tution itM'If.'5
He admits also, in that message, that the faith
and the honor of the Democratic party were pub-
licly pledged in the last presidential canvass that
the question of slavery should be submitted to
the decision of the people of Kansas, without any
• restriction or qualification whatever; and that, with-
1 out such pledge, he would not have been elected.
The following is his own language:
<■ The. filends and supporters ot theNebraska and Kansas
act, when on a recent occasion, to iu-euri its
wise pun'iM'jn- befoie the gieat tutmnal of the American
i people, novel diileied about lis true meaning oil this subject.
1 lv.'eijv,here tlnoustMHit the Union tliey publicly pledged
! tin n Uith ai d thou honor that they would cheerfully sub-
mit the question of slavery to tile decision of the hova fide
people oi Kansas, without any reduction or qualification
whatever All weie eouhaliv united upon the great dee-
lime of popular sovereignty. which is the vital principle of
our free institutions. Had tt then been insinuated from any
quarter that it would he a sufficient compliance w ith the
i requisitions of the organic law for the members of a eon-
1 veiinon. theiealter to be elected, to withhold: the question
!I of ,-lavery fioin the people, and to substitute their own will
j fo> that of a legally asceit.uucd ma|ority of all their con-
' sliiueuts, this would have been instantly rejected."
!j What does the President now propose to do
j with that plighted faith on which he received his
ij election to the high office he now holds ? Simply
tn Violate It. What does he propose to do with
■! that nhghted honor? Simply to violate it. What
does he" now ask Democratic members of Gon-
gross to do with their plighted faith and honor?
/ Simply to follow his perfidious example. Now,
ii gentlemen, what do you mean to do? You of the
; Jforth, what do you mean to do? Having pub-
! hdy pledged your faith and your honor to your
! constituents, that if the Democratic party pre-
! vailed the people of Kansas should be left per-
I fectly free to detei mine the question of slavery for
th"inselves without any lestriction or qualification
whatever; having elected your President, and
1 nini.y of you obtained tiie seats you now hold
hy virtue of these pledges, do you mean now to
•' basely di:.rea«rd them ? In the name of truth,
justice, honor, everything that is sacred in human
jiati're,do you mean by your acts to proclaim to
1 the woildthat viv.tr solemn pledffes were nothing
' but sliameh m false pretenses ? So, gentlemen, be
men; cease to be dough-facrs; cease, I pray you,
to erin're nod bow your necks to men who desmse
" you for your servility, who hug the treason but
, loathe the traitor. And let me say to southern
gentlemen, cease yourunhallowed crusade against
