1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. Th*e Chair rules the motion
out of order, because the rules provide expressly,
•where the previous question has been seconded,
and the main question is not ordered, what dis-
position shall be made of the substantive matter,
namely, that it shall go over until the next day.
The practice has been different as to what partic-
ular condition the subject-matter comes up in the
next day. In some instances it has been held
that it comes up clear of the second, an*d in others
that the sccond still operates. The Chair is of
opinion that the safer and more correct practice
is to rule that the question comes up the next
day free from the second of the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not profess
to be much of a parliamentarian, and therefore do
not speak with confidence upon a question of this
kind; but the rule, as I understand it, says that
when the previous question- 
Mr. CLEMENS. I rise to a question of order.
This debate is out of order, and I object to it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
from Virginia will not object.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do object.
Mr. GROW. Does the Speaker hold that when
a question has been passed upon by the House it
cannot be reconsidered ?
The SPEAKER. There are some questions
which cannot be reconsidered, though a great
majority of questions can. The Chair is of opin-
ion that this is one of the questions which can-
not be reconsideied, because the rules provide ex-
pressly what shall be the event if the main ques-
tion is not ordered. The reason is tins, that the
seconding the demand for the previous question
cannot, under our rules, be considered a vote.
Under the parliamentary law of England, whence
most of our rules were derived, it was only neces-
sary that t\ single person should second the de-
mand . Our rules have changed that, and provide
that it shall require a majority, instead of one
individual.
Mr. GROW. Then the Chair holds that the
vote seconding the previous question cannot be
reconsidered ?
The SPEAKER. The practice which prevailed
at the time the Speaker first became a member of
the House, was that when the main question was
ordered to be put, and that vote was reconsidered,
it operated as a waiver of the second of the pre-
vious question, and that was the practice pursued
until the beginning of the last Congress.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask that the 5Gth rule may
be read,and I wish to call the Speakei's particular
attention to the fact that it does not refer to any
particular question. The language is broad and
specific.
The Clerk commenced reading the rule, as fol-
lows:
l< When a majority lias been once made" 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will read
the rule closely, he will nnd that the word " ma-
jority" is a misprint, and that it should be " mo-
tion." It is corrected in the text.
The rule was then read-, as follows:
" 56. When a motion lias been once marie, and carried in
the affirmative or negative, it shall be in order tor any mem-
ber of the majority to move a reconsideration thereof, on
the same or succeedins dav. and such motion sdia'l take pre-
cedence of all other questions, except a motion to adjourn,
and shall not be withdrawn after the said1{succeeding day,
without the consent of the House ; and thereafter any mem-
ber may call it up for consideration."
Mr. COLFAX. The change of the word " ma-
jority" into "motion" only makes the point
stronger, for the 45th rule reads as follows:
" When a question is under debate, no be re-
ceived but to adjourn, to lie on the table, foi the prenous
question, to postpone to a day certain, to commit or amend,
to postpone indefinitely' &c.
This rule recognizes the seconding the previous
question as amotion, and the 56th rule says that
when a motion, &c. I therefore submit that the
motion to reconsider is in order.
The SPEAKER. Could the gentleman have
the yeas and nays taken upon seconding the pre-
vious question '
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. Why not, if it is a motion?
Mr. COLFAX. I am putting questions to the
Chair, and not answering questions. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
Sand takes an appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I would inquire of
the Chair whether the appeal at this stage is de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HUGHES. A motion has been made to
lay the appeal on the table; and I insist that the
motion shall be put.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 112, nays 8J, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Buf-
nett, Burns, Caskie, Chapman, Horace F. Clark, John B.
Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill,
Corning, Cox, James Ciaig, Burton Craige, Crawfoid, Cur-
ry, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dow-
dell. Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence,
Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilhs, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg,
Groebfocck, Lavvience W. Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Ha&km,
Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes. Kuyler, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, J. Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel. Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Lcidy,
Letchor, Maclav, MeKifobin, McQueen, Samuel S Mar-
shall, Mason, Miles, Miller, Miilson, Moore, Isaac N. Mor-
ris, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman,
Reagan,Ruffin, Sandidge, Scales, Scott, Scaling, Seward,
Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singlet>n, Robert
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stallworth, Ste-
phens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Tay-
)oi, Waid, Watkms, White, Whifley. Woodson, Woiten-
dyke, Augustus JR. Wright, John V. Wnght, and Zolhcof-
fer—112. "
NAYS—Messrs, Abbott, Andrews, Billinghurst, Bing-
ham. Blair, P>!i*s, Ruffiuton, Burhngame, Case, Oltaflpe,
Ezia Claik, dawson, Colfax, Covode, Ciagm, Cuitis, Da-
vis of Maryland, Davis of Iowa, D.nves, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Duifee, Eustif, Fai nsworth, Fenton, Foster, Oilman, Gil-
mer, Gooeli, Granger. Grow, Harlan, Hill, Hoaid, Horton,
Howard, Kilgoie, ICnapp, Letter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Mauesou, Maynard, Moigan, MojmII, Edwaid Joy
Moms, Fireman II Mor e, Oliver A Moi>-e, Mott, l\Tnr-
lav, Ohn, I'ahuer, Paiker. Pettit. Pike, Potiei, Pottle, Pur-
vianoe, Beady, llieaud, Ilitehi^. Bobbins, Robeits, Uovce,
John Sherman, Jud-ion W. Slicunan, SUmton, William
Stf'wait, Tappan, Thnjcr, Tliomp-on, Tompkins, Tnppe,
Wade, Walhmige, Walton, Cadwakuhn C. Washburn,
Ellihu B. Wdshbuiny, I*rdel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood
—81.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Pending the call,
Mr, MORGAN said: Will it be in order to
have the reports sent to the Printer, because we
propose to remain here until it is printed.
The result hems: announced as above recorded,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky asks that the reports be read.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and-nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 now desire to
ask the e;entJeman from Kentucky 
Mr. BURNETT. I object to any discussion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope the gentle-
man will indulge me. I only wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky if, by unanimous consent,
we cannot postpone this matter until Satuiday,
and 
Mr. BURNETT. Debate is not in order, and
I object to discussion.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 7.'>, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messts. Abbott, Andrews, Bingham, Blair, fil^s,
Burlmgame, Case, Ezra Clark, CJawson, Collar, Covode,
Ouitis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Iowa, Dawes. Dean,
Dodd, Fenton, Foster, Oilman, Gooch, Giow, Ilail.wi,
Hoaid, Horton, Howard, Jewett, George W Jones, Kel-
logg, Kilgore, Ivnapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Leitei, Letcher.
Lovejoj, Humphrey iMiusImII, Ma>on.Milc^,Morgan, Mwi -
rill, Edward Joy Moirw, T-aae IV. Morns, Fieeman II.
Moise, Oliver A. Moive, Mil nay, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer,
Paiker, Potter, Pottle, Ritchie," Robbms, Royce, Aaion
•Shaw, John Sheunan, Jud-son W. Shciman, Robert Smith,
Spinner, Stanton,William Stewart,Talbot,Thayer,Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Tnppe, Wade, Walbndge, Walton, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Elliliu B. Wa-;!!burne, Israel Wa>h-
burn, WiUon, and Augustus 11. Wright—73.
NAYS —Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock. Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Uul-
finton, Burnett, Bums, Caskic, Challee, Chapman, Horace
F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clay,Clemens, Cobb, John Coch-
lane, Cockerill, Comins, Coining, Coy, James Ciaig, Bur-
ton Craige, Cuny, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Mississippi, Davits ot Massachusetts, Dick, Dowdell, Dur-
fee, Edmimdson, Elliott, Fanlknei, Florence, Foley, Gar-
nett, Gartrell. Goode, Giatisrer, Gre™, Lawrence W. Hall,
Hawkins. Hill, llopkni-, Houston, Hughes. Huyler, Jack-
son, J. Clancy Jones, Owen Joihn, Keitt. Kelly, John C.
Kuiike), Landv, Lawrence, Leuly, McKibbin, MeUueen,
Samuel S. Marshall, Matte^on, Maynaul, Milton, Mooie,
. Molt, Pendleton, Pottit, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Pike,
Puiviance. Quitman, Heady, Reagan, Robeits; Rufl'm, San-
: didae, Savage, Scales, Scott, Henry M. Shaw, Sboit' r,
i Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stalhvoith,
i Stephen3. Stevenson, James A. Stcwait, Gi^m^o Tmlor,
1 Ward, White. Whiteley, Wmslow, Wortcmlvkc. and John
| V. Wright—104.
! So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call,
Mr. LETCHER, said: As it has been announced
upon the other side of the House that no Vote can
be taken to-day, I vote " ay."
Mr. GROW. That is so, unless the report
be printed.
Mr. TALBOT. Satisfied that we cannot'do
anything to-day, I vote in the affirmative.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I generally vote
against adjournment, butl will vote ill the affirm-
ative now.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire, in all good
faith, to renew my proposition to the gentleman
from Kentucky. It is quite apparent that we are
not likely to get to a vote this evening; it is pos-
sible we may not get one to-morrow; and I ask
that, by unanimous consent, we postpone ituntil
Saturday, [" No " No !"] and that the vote be
then taken; and, in the mean time, the report be
printed, in order that gentlemen may know what
the report is.
Mr. GROW. Was there any objection to post-
poning til] Saturday?
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard objections
on the ri ht.
Mr. GROW. Then I move to lay the whole;
subject on the table.
Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. On that I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet on Saturday; and on that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MORGAN. T ask to be excused from vot-
ing on that motion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It is per-
fectly palpable that we will do nothing to-day; I
therefore move that the House do now (half past
three, p. m.) adjourn.
Mr. HOARD. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it is competent to entertain the motion of the gen-
tleman from New Yoik [Mr. Morgan] to bo ex-
cused from voting on a proposition to adjourn
over. The gentleman will perceive that if that
motion were made by every gentleman on the
floor, the House would put itself in a position thai
it never could adjourn, inasmuch as a motion to
adjourn over takes precedence of a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The same question
was raised at our famous night session, and I then
called the attention of the Chair to the difficulty
of cumulating these motions on each other; but
the Chair decided that they were in order.
The SPEAKER. The statement of the gentle-
man from Ohio is doubtless correct. The Chair
is of opinion that if he decided so then he decided
wrong. If the gentleman from New York desires
to be excused from voting, he can just as well be
excused on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. As the House has
already decided that question once,l appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WASHEURN, of Maine. I ask to be ex-
cused from voting on that appeal; and on that I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORGAN. I also ask to be excused from
voting on that question; and ask the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. "What became of the motion
to adjourn over?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is holding it in
abeyance. [Lauehter.]
Mr. LETCHER.. How can it ever come back
if the House decide to adjourn?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does not the
motion to adjourn over take precedence ot the mo-
tion to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. Ordinarily it docs.
The question was taken;and it was derided m
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andiews, Bingham, Bins, Bur-
l,n«. Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, Claw--on,
Clemens, John Cochrane. Colfax, Oomins, Cia«m, Curtis,
l)a\is of Maiyland,Davisot'Massachnsetts, Davisoftovva,
Dawes Dean, Dick, Dodd. Eustn, Fenton, Foster, Gillis,
Gilmer' Goocb, Goode, Gianger, Grow, Harlan, Hateii,
Hawkins Horton, Howard, George W. JonO:-, Eilgoie,
Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Ijeidy, Leiter, Letelier, Love-
