1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&17
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
thousand majority. (Niles's Register, volume 72, page 114.) '
A new constitution wa? then lormcd, and the State admit- ;
ted undei it May £0, 1C48. j
Iowa, fonned in 1843. Previous laws of June 10,1845, |
(over ihe veto of the Governor,) and of Januaiy 1 <, lb4o, i
required latitieation by the people. j
'• Ohio, iiirt constitution, formed under an enabling !
act of Const ess, adopted d&cli Oetobci, 1802, \va< not cub- ,
mitted to the people; that of the iOtli Maich, 18.37, wa*
submitted to the people and appioved iiy them.
"Louisiana, formed J832. The constitution was, by pic-
vious enactment, requned to be submitted, and was unified
by the people.
" Michigan, formed 1850. Act of March 9,1850, required
it to be submitted to the people. (See laws of 1850, No.
78, scction G, on page GO )
"Maine, formed in ISH>, bj'convention, (page432 Rick-
ey's Constitution;) amendments submitted to the people
1834, 1837, 1839.
" New Hampshire, formed in 1792. (See Compiled Stat-
utes, pai?c 15.) Appiovcd by the two third vote of'the peo-
ple, and established by convention Septetnbei 5,1792.
" Rhode Island, lonn-'d 1812. Ratified by voteoftlie peo-
ple, in pui-ouuico of act of the Lepislatuie
" Massachusetts, lot mod 1780. Convention adjourned Ull
constitution was unified bvtwo third vote.
••'Texan. louned 1845. Submitted to and latified by the
people.
"The constitutions of the following Stares were sub-
mitted b> conventions to the people, without their being
required by law to do so* i
'• I'louda, formed in 1838. Temtorial act of 1838 (^ee act |
of 18^8, page 5) did not lequire the ratificanon ot the con- ;
Stitution by the people. There was no auihoutyol Coil- j
press. The convention I'seeDiaestof Laws of Flouda. page j
9) required unification bv the people. .
"'California, foimed in 1849. Convention required the i
latifieation of the constitution bv the people. Then; wir no !
autlioi itv of Cou2ie?s ot legudauve act to lianie a consttiu J
tion. (Sec StatutesufCaliioima, page24,sectiou&5,G,and :
7." ' !
But. sir, if this argument really had any strength
in it, it comes', perhaps, with less force fiom the
honouible Senator from Illinois than it would
from any of the gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber. Anything which the distinguished
Senator may say on this subject has peculiar pet u-
nence and significance, because, fi om first to last,
he has been identified with the measure. It will
1)0 remembered that, to expedite the admission :
of Kansas into the Union as a State, the Setmtoi
from Illinois reported a bill from the Committee j
on Territories on the 17th of Maich, ISoti, en-
titled, i( A l>i!l to authorize the people of the Ter- ■
ritory of Kansas to form a constitution and State
government, preparatory to their admission into 1
the Union, when they have the requisite popula- ;
tion." After providmgfor a convention, this bill j
continues, and contains the following clause. It j
is the third scction of the bill reported by the Sen - ;
ator from Illinois: j
" Sec. 3. Jtnd be it further e>\ctcici, That the following I
propositions be, and the same aie heieby, ofl'cied to tne f-ani 1
eon veil tion ot the p-'opie ot Kant-n-j, when loaned, tor tlu'ii 1
Ace acceptance oi t ejection which, it' accept"d bj the con-
vention, and lal-jicd l,y the people at the election loi the
adoption of the cbii.-.titu;ion,shall ho obligatoiy on t!io (T;u- .
ted States, and upoi; the said State of Kanr.;i<, to uit
This bill was not immediately acted upon; and
on the 25th of June a substitute was introduced i
by the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Air. '
Toombs,] of which he gave due notice. In the j
twelfth section of this amendment—for the sub- [
stitute was introduced as an amendment—the pre- .
rise words of the third section of the bill of the ,
Senator from Illinois were retained, giving the j
power to the convention to adopt, and to the people i
of Kansas to ratify, the constitution. Iieie,then, j
were two bills before the Senate: one reported by :
the Senator from Illinois, containing a clause re- ;
quiring ratification by the people; and the other ,
introduced by the Senator from Georgia, mcorpo- i
rating this identical clause. Subsequently the i
Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] intro- !
duced a substitute, ignoring equally the people
and the convention, providing for the immediate
admission of Kansas as a State into the Union,
on the acceptance of certain conditions by her Le-
gislature.
These substitutes, together with the original
bill reported by the chairman of the Committee
on Territories, the Senatorfrom Illinois, were re-
committed to that committee; and seven days
after this, on the 30tli of June, the Senator from
Illinois brought forward from the committee a
new bill, which, though it embraced many of the
provisions of the bill introduced as a substitute
by the Senator from Georgia, omitted tins very
important provision, which his own bill and the
t-.;.' 'irute its 'V of the Mei.ator from Geoigia hud
contained. It left our tote fly the provision re-
! quiring the ratification of the constitution by the
j people of Kansas. In fact, it recognized in that
} manner, unequivocally, the right of the conven- ;
| tion over the wiiob subject. I think that is ale- ,
} gitimate conclusion/ The right of the people to i
1 ratify the constitution was therefore abandoned.
I say, therefore, that when the opposition comcs ,
from him, on the ground that it is a fatal objee- j
tion to the constitution that it was not submitted j
to the popular vote, it comcs with less force than ■
it would from any gentleman on the other side of j
the Chamber. His bill contained, instead of the I
clause before quoted, these words: i
" Sec. 19. dnd be it farther enactcd, That the following
propositions be, and the same aie lieieby, ofi'oicd to the
said convention of the people of Kansas, for their fiee ac-
ceptance or icjccEiou, winch, if accepted by ihe convention, i
shall be obligatory on the United States and upon the saiu 1
State of Kansas, to wit!
This bill passed the Senate, but it will be re-
membered that it faiied in the House of Repre-
sentatives. In this body, with theelause requiring
popular ratification abandoned, after it had been
twice reported to the Senate, it received the vote
of every Democratic Senator, including the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
It was my purpose, Mr. President, to have pur-
sued somewhat the line of argument which has
been indicated by the opponents of this measure,
conncctmgitsclfwith thcsubjcct ofslavery in Kan-
sas; but feeling as I do on that subject, feeling as J
I did Inst night when I heard gentlemen going
back two hundred years to show the tenure of i
slave property, as if the opinions of all the judges
of England could affect the i ig'nt to a single slave
in any of out States, or induce a master to sur-
render it, I sec the labyrinth of discussion into
which gentlemen are led when they touch thai
subject. I am willing to meet gentlemen on the
other side upon the practical woikings of the in-
stitution m this country; I am willing to take it
lip as a practical issue, and to show to those who
here maintain the controversy that oven in their
own States, in their own towns, and in their own
homesteads practice belies theory—that the ne-
gro theie, with all the privileges which their en-
larged philanthropy has thrown around him, is
in a far more wretched condition than that from
which they seek to relieve him in our States.
Of all the false representations and groundless
assumptions of the enemies of the domestic sla-
very of the South, none hove aiford''d a moie
fruitful theme of denunciation than us alleged de-
basing and brutalizing influence upon the n^ro:
and such is the systematic pertinacity wi' h which
this falsehood is circulnted that there are few com-
munities in the free Sutes m which it does not
find believers.
But what are the facts. The slaves of the South
are the descendants of the Africans, brought by
New England ships and .seamen to this country;
and a comparison between the lr condition and that
of their African brethren will illustrate, not the
brutalizing, but the civilizing and Christianizing
effect of southern slavery.
Of no part of Africa—Egypt, Nubia, and the
shores of the Mediterranean excepted—does our
knowledge extend back beyond the times of the
Greeks and Ilomans. Regarded nt that time as
too degraded and savage to invite conquest or to
excite cupidity, its very name has ever stood as
a synonym for the extremes of baibarism and
ignorance; and though the enterprising spirit of
the last two centuries has sought her shore, a
spirit which has penetrated almost every other
part of the habitable globe, carrying the germs of
civilization to their darkest recesses—the African
of to-day is the ignorant and beastly savage that
he was three thousand years a«;o.
While in less than two and a half centuries, the
whbe race has subdued upon this continent the
obstacles of savage man and still more savage na-
ture, developed upon it all the elements of tem-
poral happiness, and established the worship of
the true God upon a sure foundation, Africa ex-
hibits to-day the brutal vices, the beastly igno-
rance, and the bloody cruelties winch character-
ized her in the days of the Pharaohs.
The missionaries of the living God have been
among them; hundreds of zealous Christians have
entered upon this great fie Id of ignorance, idolatry,
and cruelty, and sacrificed their hv*w to a futi'c
aULU.i'tto i*. ta. AuiCJiij wlx  e s-care-Jy a.i
instance can be found of his abandoning one of
his savage rites or bloody customs. Their court-
yards, houses, streets, and market-places, are still
paved with the skulls of prisoners taken in bat-
tle, or of slaves sacrificed at their feasts or their
funerals. Wives and subjects are stili offered as
a bloody sacrifice or buried alive with deceased
chiefs, husbands, or masters—not by scores at a
time only, but by thousands.
British benevolence for fifty years has vainly
sought to Christianize the African, who, in de-
fiance alike of precept and example, always re-
lapses into idolatry, whatever may be his profes-
sions of faith.
Sunk to the lowest conceivable grade of human
bru tal ity, exhibiting, indeed, traits less akin to hu-
man affections than do many of the beasts of their
forests, there is no exception to the barbarous and
idolatrous pall which rests upon pagan Africa,
from which civilization can awaken the first throb
of sympathy.
Wilhont an alphabet, hieroglyphic, picture, or
symbol, to convey or perpetuate thought: without
customs or rites, religious or political, that do not
immolate human victims upon their altars; with-
out a knowledge of his antecedents, or the faintest
conception ol iiis future, the African, under the
Creator's natural laws, under those revealed to
his chosen people, and under the Divine institutes
of the Savior, has been equally false to all.
Such a being cannot be degraded by servitude;
but, on the contrary, any change in his condition
must be an improvement; and can any candid
mind look at the change which two and a half
centuries have wrought in the condition of his de-
scendants in the southern Stetcs, and believe that
serviiudc has degraded him?
I will not dwell upon the admitted fact that our
j southern slaves are the best fed, best clothed and
cared for, and the least tasked laboring class in
' all Christendom; but I will point to the more im-
! portant fact, that every log cabin of the southern
! slaves con tains a truer knowledge of the true God,
, and the great work of salvation, than can be found
: throughout the fifty millions of pagan Africa, and
that a very large proportion of them are members
of Christian congregations.
Human happiness, like the Creator's love, is
aboutequally distributed among men; but if there
i)c a class upon caith possessing more of the ele-
ments of, and fewer of the drawbacks to, human
happiness, than their fellows, it is the southern
shire, when uncursed by the poisonous taint of
abolitionism.
Mr. President, in connection with the subject
of slavery, we aie told by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] that the South has gov-
erned the Confederacy, but that the reins of power
are falling from her grasp, and that to other hands
aie ourdestiniesto be committed. Sir, I concede
it. The genius, the knowledge of government,
the constitutional and conservative spirit of south-
i em men, have as unequivocally stamped the pol-
' icy of this Government, in the Cabinet and in the
Senate, as their valor has led her banners in the
field. Sev^n of your Presidents have themselves
| been slaveholders; and whenever the country has
1 demanded the intellect, the genius, or the courage
; of her sons, they have found no more brilliant
1 illustrations than among slaveholders.
Under the guidance of their policy, with their
bond upon the helm of the ship of State, her on-
ward progress mall that ennobles, in all thatclc-
vates our race, has been the marvel of mankind.
Domestic discords, family jars, have from time
to time intruded themselves upon her path of
progress; but while they arc as inseparable from
it as is the dust from the wheels of the locomotive,
they have impeded it as little.
National policies, national parties, national men,
' shedding, like the gentle dews of heaven, their
■ cheering influence equally upon cveiy hill and
valley of their country, have all combined to
awaken and to cherish m our bear's obedience to
the Constitution, and through :t, a love for the
, Union.
i Sectional extremes have brought their common
| grievances to this altar, and in obedience to its
chcrished spirit have renewed their common pur-
j pose to sustain it.
I1*, sir. the South has governed, such has been
the UH.h vv:c the results of hei govei
