2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
be considered which are not objected to or do not
give rise to debate.
CHARLES PORTERFIELD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 203)
for the relief of the legal representatives of Charles
Porterfield, deceased.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the In-
terior to issue to William Kinney arid Thomas J.
Michie, executors of the last will and testament
of Robert Porterfield, deceased, a number of war-
rants, equalto six thousand one hundred and thir-
ty-three acres of land, according to the usual sub-
divisions of the public surveys, in quantity not
less than forty acres; to be by them located on any
of the public lands which have been or may be
surveyed, and which have not been otherwise ap-
propriated at the time of such location, within any
of the States or Territories of the United States,
where the minimum price shall notexceed the sum
of $1 25 per acre, to be appropriated according to
the directions contained in the last will and testa-
ment of Robert Porterfield, m the same manner
and for the purposes directed in regard to the
lands which were lost by the legal representatives
ill the action with Clark and oihers, as decided by
the Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. STUART. My recollection is, that an
amendment was proposed to that bill the other
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment
was proposed and agreed to. The amendment
was m line ten, after the words " public lands"
to insert " subject to private entry at $1 25 an
acre."
Mr. STUART. I think I ought to say to the
Senate a word or two in regard to the bill, as I
understand it. I have had a good deal of conver-
sation with gentlemen who are interested ill it,
and I understand that, by the existing law, the
jiersons interested in this case can enter now,
without further legislation, any land which is sub-
ject to private entry, so that the passage of the
bill in its present shape would not change their
rights at all. They wanted authority to locate
upon any of the Government land, so that they
might go in advance of the settlements, and take
their choice 
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. ,
The order of the Senate is, that wc shall proceed I
with the consideration of bills that do not give
rise to debate. If this is to be debated, I object ,
to its consideration. i
Mr. STUART. I beg pardon of the Senate. I
was out at the time, and did not know of the or-
der of the Senate. I am not disposed to debate
the bill. I am only stating that,as the bill stands,
1 have no objection to it, but it does not amount
to anything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the bill is ob-
jected to, it must lie ovci.
Mr. STUART. 1 have no objection to the bill
in its present shape.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
read the third time, and passed.
SUSANNAH I-IAYNE PINCKNEY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 205) for the relief of Susannah Hay ne Pinck-
ney, sole heir of Captain Richard Sbubnek.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 believe that is the same
bill that was fully discussed here before. 1 object
to it.
The bill was passed over.
JOHN HASTINGS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 207) for the relief of John Hastings, collector
of the port of Pittsburg.
Mr. CAMEPvON. That bill will require dis-
cussion. I shall have something to say on it.
The bill was passed over.
JOSEPH C. (5. KENNEDY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 200) for the relief of Joseph C. G. Kennedy.
Mr. STUART. I object to that bill; and if
the next one is, as I remember it, of a kindred
character, I object to that also.
The VICE "PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Michigan that the next
bill relates to his compensation as secretary of the
census board.
Mr. STUART. Then I do not care about that.
The bill (§. No. 212) for the relief of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy, was read asecond time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It will be a direction to the accounting officers,
in the settlement of the accounts of J. C. G. Ken-
nedy, late secretary of the census board, and su-
perintending clerk of the census, to allow him at
the rate of $3,000 per annum, in full compensation
for all services rendered by him m either or both
capacities.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case ? If
there is, I should like to hear it read.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will say to the Senator from
New York that this bill makes no appropriation
of money. It is merely for the settlement of hia
accounts.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Simmons on the 24th of March:
The Committee on Claim*, to whom was rcferied the
memorial of Joseph C. G. Kennedy, in lelation to his com-
pcn=mion as superintending eleik of'the cen«iH, repoif:
Tins chum ivas fully examined by the Serrate Committee
on Claim* of the hist Congre-s. and upon a levievv of the
ca-e thi-> conitnittce conem in the icport then made, which
1-3 hereto annexed as a part of this report •
" In f/ic Senate of the UiiifriJ Sfafpi, January *20,1857.
UMr. Geyer made the following i rport, (to accompany bill :
S. .">10:) I
The Committee on Claims, to whom was lefencd the
memoual of Joseph C G Kennedy, icport:
Ck The census boatd was cons-mured bv act of 3d Maieh,
1849, with the power to appoint «i secretary, hut without
fixing his compensation. (9 Statute, 402) Kennedy was
appointed seeret.uv. The tweimeth section of the act of
May 23, 1850, authonzed the allowance to thesecicmi} of
the census boatd of a .*alaiy ot j$3,00U pei annum ' during
the pouod he has been m their employ.' (9 Statute, -532 )
The nineteenth section of the same act provided tor the ap-
pointment ot a superintending clerk of the census at a sal-
ary <>1 per annum. This appointment was also con-
toned upon All. Kennedy, and accepted by him. Km as the
census, boaid was not dissolved, and as lie tUill continued
to act as its seeretaiy, tie continued to claim the «ahuv of
$3,00 >, which the Comptroller ot the Tioasury it?fitted to
allow, on the giound that theoiiiee of ^eeietaiy to the cen-
isiin boaid was superseded by that ol superintending clerk of
the (mmi&us.
" In oider to settle the question thus raided, the Secre-
tary of the Interior addie^sed a communication to the cen-
su- boaid, mquiiing whether they legaided their labors as
ended and then secreiarj di.-chaiged fioin his duties; to
which the boaid ic^-ponded that they did not consider the
couMis boaid as dissolved, or Mr. Kennedy, its secretary,
discharged t'lom duty. Tins corrc^pond-'iu e oecuued in
September, and would seem to show that .Mr. Ken-
nedy was still penoi minij the dunes of soeretaty of the cen-
sus boatd, for at least screen months aftei his entenug upon
the duties ot supeimienduitx eleik, ami according to linage
was entitled to the luizhei salary applicable to eithei ot the
two ollioes which lie tilled.
"Hut in consequence of the continued objection of'die
<'omptroller, the Secretary ot the luteiu i.in March,
addie-M-d a note to the chaunian ot the Senate Committee
on the J ndtciaiy, suggesting the mtinduction ot a clau-e into
the supplemental}' ei-nsiis hill, then pending, fixing the sal-
ary, toi the peitormancG of both duti"S at £'3,OOi).
"u With a view, it is piesnined, of accomplishing the ob-
ject desiicd by the Secretary, a clause was introduced into
the supplementary bill ' that the twentieth section of the
said act [ot *22(1 May, 18.30] he amended by sinking out the
words Hias bocn"hnm the last line, and inserting the woids
inav necessauiy be" m lieu the tew!.' It vw I be pciceivcd
th.it the elVoet of this amendment was to ptovide (or the
pa} ment ot the salaiy ot ,^3,'iuO to thosecietary of the cen-
su-> boatd dimngthc time he maynecessanly be in then em-
ploy, instead of during the tunc he has been in then employ,
as provided in the onginal act.
"At the commencement of the next session of Congress,
it was represented to the chanman of the Judicnuy Com-
mittee of the Senate that the above amendment of the act of
IS50 might enable the memorialist to claim and leceivc the
two salaries of secretary of the cen-m boaid and of super-
mtendmir <• leik, amounting to <$.">,.VK) pei annum. This led
to the adoption oi the joint resolution of 23d December, 1852,
which had the effect not only to iepeal the above amend-
ment to the act ot 1350, but to provide that the act should
' he =!o coils trued that no allowance as compensation be made
to any peison for conjunctive or any other service lendeicd
as secretaiy to the census board, alter the 1st day ot June,
ltf.">0 '—10 titututes, 260,
" In reference to tins resolution, Mt. Downs stated in the
Senate that Mr. Kennedy wa« -'claiming nothing moie than
the salary of f£3,UOO, to which he is entitled, and to which
he was entitled.' (Congressional Globe, vol. '24, part 3, p.
j2*226.) And Mr. Meade, of Vngmia, in the House of Itep-
resentative^.saul • 'As well as 1 can iccoliect, there was an
oi rot committed, hy which the xup«;ruitenilent ot the census
mi<rht, by the strict letter of that hi'l, draw Ins pay both as
clerk ot the census boaid and supeuntendentof the census.
When the Senate became awaie ot this mistake, Uiey sent
down to ns this joint lesoiunon for its coneetion. It gives
the superintendent the choice of being paid as cleik of the
census board or superintendent of the census.
11 The construction given to the joint resolution by the
accounting ofheors of the Treasmy is, that it limits the com-
pensation ot the memorialist, for all duties performed by him
in either or both capacities, to $-i.500 per annum tiom the
1st of June, lt\">U, and as he had already been paid at the
rate of .^S.OOO per annum, up to the time of the passage of
the joint resolution, (December, 1852) he has been officially
called upon to refund to the Tieasury the §500 per annum
received over that sum. Ky the act of 22d of April, 1854,
after the memorialist had left the ofhee, the salat? was def-
initely fixed at $3,000 a year.—10 Statutes, 276.
In view of all the circumstances, the committee are of
opinion that tin; stun ultimately fixed upon as a proper com-
pensation for the duties of the office, namely, J$3,000a year,
is a reasonable one, and that the memonah-t is fanly and
equitably entitled to that rate of compensation; and they
icpoit a bill accordingly."
The committee report the accompanying bill,and recom-
mend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ROBERT DICKSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 23} for the relief of Robert Dickson, of the
Kentucky volunteers, which had been reported
adversely upon by the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KING. Let it lie over.
The bill was passed over.
AROOSTOOK WAR EXPENSES.
Mr. POLK. I ask whether the bill next pre-
ceding the one just acted on is not considered a
private bill? It is a bill authorizing the payment
to the State of Maine of certain expenses incurred
| in the Aroostook war. It is a private bill; and it
I has been parsed over.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair passed
I it over, not considering it a private bill.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. Bills of that kind have
i been decided to be private bills.
' The VICE PRESI DENT. In this body ?
Mr. FE3SENDEN. Yes, sir; there is no ques-
tion about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the bill.
The hill (S. No. 216) authorizing the payment
to the State of Maine of certain expenses agreed
| to be refunded to her by the fifth article of the
! treaty between the United States of America and
' her Britannic Majesty, dated the (Jth day of Au-
) A. D. 184^, was read a second time, and
I considered as in Committee of the Whole,
i It proposes to include among the expenditures
I of Maine in defending the territory heretofore in
| dispute with Great Britain, the amounts paid in
j borrowing money for those expenditures beyond
1 the rate of six per centum per annum, whether m
i ihe form of discounts or otherwise, m all cases
j in which the principal of such expenditures, and
i interest upon them at the rate of six per Qentum,
I have heretofore been refunded to the State by the
! United States. In making this ascertainment the
! accounting officers are to compute the principal
and interest of the difference between the cash re-
ceived by Maine in negotiating stocks and notes,
and the nominal amountof such stocks and notes
and the interest accrued thereon; and in cases
where Maine was obliged, m negotiating for
money?, to increase the rate of interest on pre-
. vious loans, the amount of such interest is to be
i computed and allowed, but not so as to reckon
' interest upon interest.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to be engrossed tor a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARTIN LAYMAN.
The bill (S. No. 235) for the relief of Martin
Layman was read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize Martin Layman to
enter the southwest quarter of section thirty-six,
township twenty-nine north, range twenty-four
west, in the Minneapolis land district, Minnesota
Territory, upon payment of the usual minimum
af $1 25 per acre, and to allow the superintend-
ent of public schools in the Territory of Minne-
sota to select an equal amount of other lands in
the Territory for the use of public schools in lieu
of the lands granted bythe bill.
Mr. STUART. Ft will be necessary to amend
that bill by inserting the word " State" for " Ter-
ritory."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended ;
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
HARRIS AND BUTTER WORT H.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
