1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"2281
No. 237) for the relief of Arnold Harris and Sam-
uel F. Lutterworth.
Mr. 1VEUSON. I object to the consideration
of that bill. It is releasing sureties. I think it
is a very bad principle to do it under any circum-
stances, unless the case is very strong
The bill was passed over.
CAPTAIN ALEXANDER ROSE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 243) for the relief of the heirs of Captain
Alexander Rose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let that lie over
The bill was passed over.
ASHBURTON TREATY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The following bill
the Chair supposes to be a private bill; but he has
not had time to examine it. It is the bill (S. No.
250) to provide for quieting certain land titles in
the late disputed territory m the State of Maine,
and for other purposes.
Mr. GREEN. Let that He over.
The bill was passed over.
CHARLES M'CORMICK.
The bill (S. No. 252) for the relief of-Charles
McCormick, assistant surgeon in the United
States Army, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the allowance to Charles Mc-
Cormick, assistant surgeon in the United States
Army, of a commission of two and a half per
centum upon the moneys disbursed by him at
New Orleans, under the first section of the act of
Congress approved March 2, 1847, "providing
for the comfort of discharged soldiers who may
be landed in New Orleans, or other places with-
in the United States, so disabled by disease or
wounds, received in the service, as to be unable
to proceed to their homes, and for forwarding
destitute soldiers to their homes;" but the allow-
ance is not to exceed $1,000 in any one year, and
is to be in full compensation for all extra services
rendered,expenses incurred, andlosses sustained
by liim in executing the law.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
TOWNSEND HARRIS.
The bill (S. No. 254) for the relief of Towns-
end Harris was read the second time.
It provides for the payment to Townsend Har-
ris, for his services and expenses in negotiating a
treaty of commerce between the kingdom of Siam
and the United States, of the sum of $10,000, to
be paid to him or to his authorized attorney.
Mr. PUGH. I object to that bill. It appro-
priates a large sum of money.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to offer an amendment to that bill?
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection to the amend-
ment being received.
Mr. SEWARD. The amendment is, in line
eight, to strike out the words " his authorized
attorney," and insert " any attorney of said Har-
ris, under any power of attorney executed by
him, whether before or after the passage of this
act."
Mr. PUGH. Let it lie over.
The bill was passed over.
Mr. PUGH subsequently said: I desire to with-
draw the objection I made to the bill (S. No. 254)
for the relief of Townsend Harris. After read-
ing the report, I have no objection to the bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill.
The amendment offered by Mr. Sewakd, to
strike out the words "his attorney," and insert
" any attorney of said Harris, under any power
of attorney executed by him, whether before or
after the passage of this act," was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
DE BONNE AND DE ItEPENTIGNY.
The bill (S. No. 259) authorizing the courts to
adjudicate the claim of the legal representatives
of the Sieur De Bonne and Chevalier De Repentig-
ny, to certain land at the Sault Ste. Marie, in the
State of Michigan, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the legal representa- !
tives of the Sieur De Bonne, and of the Chevalier i
De Repentigny, to present their petition to the S
United States district court for the district of I
Michigan, setting forth the nature of their claim ;
to certain land at the Sault Ste. Marie, under an j
alleged grantin 1750, from the Governorand Lieu- j
tenant-General, and from the Intendant General of j
New Prance, now Canada, with evidence in sup-
port of their claim, stating the names of all per- ]
sons claiming adversely, and praying that the va-
lidity of the title may be inquired into and decided i
under the laws of nations, the laws, usages, and !
customs of the country from which the same was \
derived, and the treaties and laws of the United j
States. The court is to examine the case; and, j
in adjudicating the question of the validity of the \
title as against the United States, to be governed ;
by the laws of nations, and of the country from j
which the title was derived, and also by the prin-
ciples, so far as they are applicable, which are rec-
ognized in the act of Congress approved May 26,
1824," enabling the claimants to lands within the
limits of the State ofMi'ssouriandTerritory of Ar-
kansas to institute proceedings to try the validity
of the same;" and the district attorney is to pro-
ceed in defense of the interests of the United States
in all things as required and directed by the act
of May 26, 1824. Suit is, however, to be insti-
tuted by the claimants within two years from the
passage of the act, and an appeal may be taken
either by the claimants or the United States to the
Supreme Court of the United States within one
year from the date of the rendition of the decree
of the district court. In the event of a final de-
cision against the validity of the claim, or of the I
failure of the claimants to prosecute it within the
period specified, the claim is to be held forever
barred, both in law and equity; but in the case of
a final decree in favor of the validity of the grant,
it is not to be construed to affect, or in any way
impair, any adverse sales, claims, or other rights
which have been recognized by the United States
within the limits of the claim, or which, under
any law of the United States, may have heretofore
been brought to the notice of the land commis-
sioners or of the land officers in Michigan; but for
the area of any such adverse claims the legal rep-
resentatives of De Bonne and De Repentigny are
to receive from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office warrants authorizing them or their
assigns to enter any other lands belonging to the
United States, and subject to entry at private sale,
at J1 25 per acre.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that bill had better
lie over. It seems to me to be a very dangerous
principle to pass a special law to promote litiga-
tion. The general laws of the country afford op-
portunities to men to test their rights.
The bill was passed over.
BRIG CALEDONIA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 218) for the benefit of the captors of the
British brig Caledonia, in the war of 1812.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is there a reportin that case ?
I should like to hear it read.
Mr. SLIDELL. ' I prefer that that bill should
be passed over.
The bill was passed over.
WILLIAM CRUICK SHANK AND OTHERS.
The bill (S. No. 260) for the relief of William
Ciuickshank, J. S. Polack, Calhoun Benham,
and Frederick A. Sawyer, of San Francisco, was
read a second time and considered as m Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It provides that William Cruickshank, J. S.
Polack, Calhoun Benham, and Frederick A. Saw-
yer, assignees of Juan B. Alvarado, may pros-
ecute the appeal taken by Alvarudo from the de-
cision of the United States commissioners adverse
to his claim for the " Nicasio" tract of land, which
appeal was dismissed by the distnct couit of the
United States because notice of the intention to
prosecute it had not been given in time, and the
appeal is to be reinstated and heard, and determ-
ined in the same manner m all respects as if it
had not been dismissed, and as if the notice had
been given in time, and with the same right of
appeal by either paity to the Supreme Court of
the United States as is accorded by law in other
land suits in Cslilornia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There seems to be a prin-
ciple involved m this bill that I do not exactly
understand. After the right of final appeal is gone
and there is a vested interest in the land, it i3 sin-
gular that we should be asked to permit a rehear-
ing.
Mr. POLK. There is no contestant for this
land.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The bill was reported by
the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.]
He is not here.
Mr. PUGH. The Judiciary Committee were
satisfied that these parties were misled, and failed
to give notice. There is no adverse party but the
Government.
Mr. POLK. I understand there is no person
contesting the right to the lands.
Mr. PUGH. Their rights would not vest any-
how. It is only against the Government. We
arc satisfied it is a ease where the party was mis-
led, and did not, therefore, give notice of the ap-
peal.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GREEN afterward, said: I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 260) was
passed. It passed without my attention being
called to it. I think the bill very wrong. I move
to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
GEORGE W. FLOOD.
The bill (S. No. 2C6) for the relief of George
W. Flood, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to allow to George W. Flood, for
his services as clerk in the bureau of topograph-
ical engineers, from December 1, 1854, to Sep-
tember 1G, 1856, the salary of a clerk of class
one, after deducting the amount received by him
for services in that office during the same period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
G. ALONZO BREAST.
The bill (S. No. 207) for the relief of G. Alonzo
Breast was read a second time, and considered as
m Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to place him on the list of invalid
pensioners, at the rate of six dollars per month,-
commencing on the 1st of January, 1858, and to
continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
AARON HAIGHT PALMER.
The bill (S. No. 268) for the relief of Aaron
H. Palmer was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to allow to A. H. Palmer $3,000,
in full compensation for his laborand research in
collecting and preparing information for the use
of the Government, relative to the Oriental na-
tions, and particularly Japan.
Mr. KING. If there is a report in that cass,
I ask for its reading.
The Secretary read the report; from which it
appears that Mr. Palmer has devoted many years
to the collection of valuable information and sta-
tistics in relation to the geography, productive
resources, trade, commerce,&c., of the independ-
ent Oriental nations. In January, 1848, he in-
closed, in a letter from New York to President
Polk, a memoir, stating the importance of open-
ing commercial intercourse with those^ nations;
and in the following February, by invitation of
the Secretary of the Treasury, he visited Wash-
ington for the purpose of promoting the action of
our Government in furtherance of the views and
suggestions contained in the document sent to the
President. In consequence of action of the Sen-
ate on the papers furnished by him, he was de-
tained in Washington, laboring for the Govern-
ment in the superintendence of the printing of the
papers, until September of that year.
Ill 1819, he completed a series of papers con-
taininggcographical descriptions of many Oriental
nations, among them the Empire of Japan, and
he forwarded to Mr. Clayton, then Secretary of
State, a brief resume of those papers, which Air.
Clayton deemed of sufficient importance to cause
then) to be published. He afterwards submitted
to Mr. Clayton a plan for opening Japan, which
