1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hill.
Ho. ojp Reps.
have voted for it. It is said to have saved the
Union. Certainly, if it deserved to have this said
of it, it was a rare merit indeed; for I take it upon
myself to say, (perilous, perhaps, as the expres-
sion may be to-day,) that if this Union could be
restored to the purity with which it sprang from
the fires of the Revolution, there is scarcely any
sacrifice upon earth that I could make myself that
I would not freely suffer for its preservation. But*
sir, the Union of to-day, I greatly fear, is not the
Union of seventy years ago. I know that we- all
profess the same degree of attachment for it that
the men who framed it professed; but every man
has his own way, in these degenerate days of lov-
ing the Union.
The extreme man of the South demands every
concession to his requirements,andthattherc shall
be no denial of the smallest right that ho may have
in the institution to which he is so fondly devoted;
and not only this, but he insists that those who
intrude their opinions and intermeddle with sla-
very, even by discussion among themselves, are
inimical to the Union, and unworthy of his associ-
ation. On the other hand, we hear othergentlemen
say, we are attached to the Union; weare brothers,
we wish to preserve the Union ! We say that we
will never consent, however, that the hated insti-
tution of slavery shall go one inch further upon
American soil. Now, sir, this is a novel mode of
showing affection for the Union ! Perhaps at the
same time they will disclaim that they have any
design or desire to interfere with slavery in the
States, or with the inter-slave trade. This is held
as highly commendable, as great magnanimity and
generosity ! This is not my mode of estimating
the duties of citizens to the Union, and it is not
one of the reasons for my attachment to it. I go
to the charter of our liberties; I go to the Consti-
tution, and refer to the men who framed that in-
strument, and to the motives which actuated them
at that time. Without arrogating to myself to be
purer and better in heart, or superior to others in
love for the Union and in tried patriotism, I say
that I will stand by that charter; so long as I am
able to interpret it, I will claim, as a southern
man, all of my rights and my equality in the
Union, and I will be content with nothing less.
At the same time, I will not say to the North, in
angry tone and defiant language, " come on and
wrest these rights from us, if you dare !" I will not
speak of bloody fields and desolated homes; such
language, in my judgment, will never convince
the understanding of any man—certainly not that
of a fanatic. It is not the language of a brother;
and, so long as we live in this Union, we are
brothers.
I will return, Mr. Chairman, to the repeal of
the Missouri compromise. When the deed was
done, when the blow was struck, and when the
compromise of 1820 slept with its fathers, there
arose throughout the land a mighty clamor, and
a wail went up, long, loud,and frantic; and, I am
sorry to say, it came from those that loved the
lost one far better in death than in the pride of
" lusty life.'' Beside its bier, bedewed with some
tears of honest, manly sorrow, there stood as
chief mourners the Abolitionist and the Free-
Soiler; they came to perform the last sad offices
for this legislative victim. Why, sir, Mark An-
tony, in the depth of his pathos over the " piece
of bleeding earth" that lay before him, the
" Ruin? of the noblest man
That ever lived in the tide of times."
was not more eloquent in his sorrow than were
these disconsolates. Might not some Democratic
Brutus, witnessing the affecting scene, have pro-
phetically exclaimed: " Here comes its body,
mourned by the Abolitionistand Free-Toiler, who,
though they had no hand in its death, shall receive
the benefit of its dying—a place in the Common-
wealth—as which of you shall not?"
Was it true that, up to the time of its lamented
death, these worthies had sought to preserve this
cherished object of their peculiar regard? Let
the history of their affectionate solicitude give
the answer. Yet their lamentations were as pa-
thetic and heart-rending as were those of Rachel
mourning for her children, refusing to be com-
forted because the Missouri compromise " was i
not." I thought,as General Cass thought, that I
if the country could reasonably have been ex- |
peeled to acquiesce in the measure of repeal, it I.
would have been patriotic and proper. No evil I
could then have sprung from it. I knew that, j
surrounded by fanatical influences, there were !
men of milder mood, not fitted by nature to grap- j
pie with sterner spirits, who, when this hue-and- j
cry was raised, mustered in crowds and came to j
the rescue, and placed themselves under the ban- \
ner of the anti-slavery party. When it is said !
to me that I am over-cautious in a measure that !
is abstractly right, and when I ought not to have i
desired anything more than its passage, I reply, !
that if these fanatical cries be music in the cars 1
of some men, they grate harshly upon mine, i
They please me not. I could not laugh such
things to scorn. I looked alone to the dreaded
consequences to my country. It has been writ-
ten that Nero, the tyrant, fiddled when Rome
was burning; but the historian has not told us
that the conflagration was the less destructive, j
So it is here. Making this reply, they may say j
that the measure, if not absolutely necessary, was ;
one that was an act of justice to the South, under j
the Constitution, which was violated when the ,
Missouri compromise was passed. Conceding |
this to be true, it seems to me that if there was ;
no practical advantage m the thing, it was a most
unnecessary hazard to the institutions of the
country.
It occurs to me, in connection with this sub-
ject, to advert to the action of the distinguished
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] who
took a view of this subject which nearly coincided
with my own at the time. I have not lost sight
of him, but have regarded him with interest ever
since. He was denounced in the South as being
untrue to the section he represented, because he
dared to vote against the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. Ilis intelligent constituency—
among the most intelligent, 1 believe, m the State
of Virginia—have returned him again and again,
and thus vindicated the patriotism of his course.
Certainly it will not be expected of me that I shall
stand upon this floor as a panegyrist of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Illinois; but I am apt
to think that he whom I have so often and so re-
cently heard, in my own State, and in my own
district, extolled as " a Saul in Israel, towering
above the political hosts," is the same to-day that
he was in 1854. Men—and I thank God it is so
—are not like chameleons; certainly great men are
not—and I class in that category the distinguished
statesman from Illinois, because his own party
stamped him with that seal, and they cannottakc
it away from him. He is intellectually to-day, as
he has been heretofore, worthy of the sobriquet
which has been applied to him, "the Little
Giant." Is he less honest now than he was in
1854? Why should it be said so? Is any man
more honest, more sincere, than he was in 1854 ?
And this explains the question which I put to the
distinguished gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith,] the other day: does tfte fact that a gen-
tleman who disapproved of the legislation of 1854
and now approves of the admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution, make him a
better Democrat than he who devoted life, soul,
and every energy he possessed, to the adoption
of that measure ? Well, this is all of a piece with
that sort of generosity to which I have adverted.
Sir, once for all, 1 denounce the proscriptive
policy which would bow down and crush out
the highest intellects at the mere bidding of the
parasites and panderers who bask in the sunshine
of power. There was a better day in the Repub-
lic—the day of " the era of good feeling," as it
has been termed—when even Cabinet officers, the
constitutional advisers of the Executive, could
disagree upon great and important questions of
State, and were still esteemed worthy to sit to-
gether at the council board. At the time of Pres-
ident Madison's administration of the Govern-
ment there were some of his Cabinet opposed to
the great measure of his Administration, the Bank
of the United States, then a question paramount
to all others. The Executive did not exact a blind
obedience to his own peculiar views. The policy
which docs so, has been inaugurated in later but
certainly not better days.
This spirit has extended itself, and I find in the
Government organ-in this city, only two days
ago, a tirade puuicd out upon the heads of two
venerable and distinguished men, of ripe experi-
ence, and whose oft-exhibited firmness and in-
tegrity of character, united with a rare knowl-
edge and intelligence, entitle them to rank as
statesmen. I allude, of course, to the vitupera-
tive attack which the Washington Union has seen
fit to make upon Senators Crittenden and Bell.
Though I dissent from the conclusions of those
distinguished gentlemen, I should be wanting in
truth and sincerity if I did not say that I know,
from my intercourse with them, that their present
course is one dictated by the same love of coun-
try, and devotion to the pacification of the land,
which has hitherto marked their long and dis-
tinguished career. But, sir, we have at last come
to this, that Douglas and Bell and Crittenden
and a host of others, who have been, hitherto,
considered worthy and patriotic, if they make but
one false step, come to one false conclusion, all
their good deeds for a lifetime are to be canceled,
and to go for nought. Is this just, is it proper?
Where will it lead to? Does it not lead to the
abjcct submission of the human intellect, or ruth-
less proscription ? That is not my mode of car-
rying a measure. If it cannot be carried without
bitterly denouncing as wanting in integrity and
patriotism those who may differ with me, I would
rather it should fail. Such a course suits not my
taste, and never did. Circumstances which can-
not be avoided divide men who are as honest the
one as the other, and charity demands that you
should be patient and forbearing with your erring
brethren. I do not arrogate to myself such a
degree of complacency as to say that I know and
feel that I am right in the position I take to-day.
I sometimes have misgivings as to the convictions
of my own judgment, and well I may, when I
see differing with me men of the best intellect in
the land, and whom I know, from their antece-
dents, to be as patriotic as I can pretend to be.
Sir, in relation to the immediate subject under
consideration, I had prepared, to some extent,
(though I shall forbear to trouble th$ House with
it at this time,) a succinct history of what has oc-
curred in Kansas since it became aTerritory and
the progress of events which has marked its his-
tory. But it is sufficient for my purpose to state
that I am satisfied, from what 1 have read and
heard, and from what I know, as well as I can
know facts which did not transpire in my imme-
diate presence, that the Lecompton convention
was a body that was legally constituted, called
by the proper authority, and lawfully convened.
It is my judgment that they had power to
form such a constitution as, in their wisdom,
they might see fit; provided it did not run coun-
ter to the obligations of the embryo State to the
Constitution of the United States, and that it was
republican in form. I am satisfied, from an in-
spection of the constitution which they did form,
that it contains all the elements that entitle it to
be received as the constitution of a new State. I
even go further, and say that its framers have
collated with signal success and ability, from the
various State constitutions, all that I think was
most worthy of adoption. It stands to-day, in
my judgment, one of the best instruments of the
sort that it has ever been my fortune to read. In-
trinsically, then, I say, there is nothing in it to
complain of. Perhaps some of my friends on this
side of the House may think that it has anti-rc-
pubhean features, because it establishes or toler-
ates th«  institution of slavery. Despite what Gov-
ernor Walker had said, and even though he did
say U, under the direction, if yon please, and
sanction and approval of the President and his
Cabinet, the convention had full power to submit
just as much of the constitution to the people as
they pleased, or to submit no part of it, if they
so chose.
These, I think, are sound views. The conven-
tion has framed a constitution, and, because there
was one great subject of excitement paramount
to ail others in the Tenitory, they determined to
submit that sub modo; and that is the chicf com-
plaint.
Sir, I am inclined to believe that if that con-
stitution had ignored slavery as an institution of
the new State, there would have been no oppo-
sition to it. The people of the Territory had the
opportunity to vote against the slavery clause.
They did not avail themselves of that opportu-
nity, but refused to go to the polls and assert
