1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
but my impression is, that if it is what the Senator
from Maryland says it is, we owe it to the dis-
cretion and judgment of the man at its head, and
not to that supervision which, in my opinion, the
legislature ought to extend over it. My impres-
sion is that there is a looseness about the appro-
priations for that establishment which does not
exist in any other department of the Government.
1 do not say that it is not all the Senator, from
Maryland thinks; but if it is so, no thanks to
Congress, for, in my opinion, in the appropria-
tions for and supervision of that establishment,
there have been a looseness and neglect on the part
of Congress unparalleled in the history of this'
Government. I hope an investigation will be
had.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope some investigation
into this department of the Government, as it is
called, will take place. It has heretofore not as-
pired to be a department, but has been considered
a mere branch of some department. There is so
much sensitiveness when the Coast Survey is men-
tioned here, that I am really of the opinion it
would be well enough to look into it. No doubt
it is all right; but it can be no harm, and may do
the country some good, to have the whole affair
thoroughly investigated.
Mr. SEWARD. Since this subject has come
to the noticcof the Senate, I should not do justice
to my own convictions if I did not state"the opin-
ion 1 entertain in regard to the conduct of the
Coast Survey. Circumstances have brought mo
into a more particular acquaintance with that than
with almost any other business of the Govern-
ment, and I have had occasion to know the man-
ner in which the business at that office is con-
ducted, and some considerable opportunities of
knowing how the out-door work is performed, by
whom, and with what application and diligence;
and I think I also have had some means of know-
ing how the moneys which are appropriated for
it are used and applied. I think I am able to bear
witness that there is no department of the Gov-
ernment where the public money is more faith-
fully expended, and where the services rendered
by the corps, from the chief to every subaltern,
are rendered more diligently, more conscientious-
ly, or more effectively. I have also had some op-
portunities of knowing the advantages of charts
of the coast of the country to navigators, to mer-
chants, and to underwriters,and, of course, to the
world at large; and I can bear witness that this
work is equal to that which is performed in any
other country, according to the confessions of
navigators, and that it is highly appreciated; and
I believe it to bo as necessary a department of the
Government as any other.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope we shall
have the vote on this resolution. I assured the
Senate, on calling it up, that we should have no
debate upon it. I trust the Senator from Mary-
land will not press this debate any further. An
investigation into the Coast Survey office cannot
be had on a mere motion to print.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not desire to say anything
further.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion as amended was adopted.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 161) for the admis-
sion of the State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. GREEN having reported the bill which he
has had in charge throughout the discussion, pro-
ceeded to close the debate by making his general
reply to the arguments which have been urged
against it. He spoke about two hours and a half.
Mr. CRITTENDEN briefly commented 011
some portion of Mr. Green's reply.
[These speeches will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. GREEN. I withdraw the amendment
which I heretofore laid on the table with a view
of offering it. It was to attach Minnesota and
Kansas together in one bill. I now withdraw that
amendment, and adhere to the original bill. While
I am a friend to the admission of Minnesota, I
believe it will expedite the public business to pro-
vide for each of these States by a single proceed-
ing, rather than in duplicate form. I move, how-
ever, three amendments to the original bill, which
1 send to the Chair, and ask to have read
The Secretary read the first amendment, whieh
is to strike out the preamble of the bill, and insert
the following:
Whereas, the people of the Territory of Kansas did, by
a convention of delegates called and assembled at Lecomp-
ton on the 4th day of September, 1857,-for that purpose,
form for themselves a constitution and State government,
which said constitution is republican, and said convention
having asked the admission of said Territorymto the Union
as a State on an equal footing with the original States."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire all the amendments to be read now, or that
each be acted upon separately.
Mr. GREEN. If there be no objection, we
may as well vote on this now.
Mr. DOUGLAS, and others. Read them all.
The Secretary read the second amendment,
which is in the ninth line of the second section,
after the word State, to insert:
That nothing in this act shall be construed to abridge or
infringe any right of the people asserted in the constitution
of Kansas, at all tunes, to alter, reform, or abolish their form
of government in such mariner as they may think proper,
Congress hereby disclaiming any authority to intervene or
declare the construction of the constitution of any State
except to see that it be republican in form, and not m con-
flict with the Constitution of the United States.
The Secretary read the third amendment, which
is in the eleventh line of the second section, to
strike out the word " of" and insert " annexed
to," so as to make it read:
Nothing m this act shall be construed as an assent by Con-
gress to <i y or all of the propositions or claims contained
in the oidinance annjxed 10 the said constitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the Senate ready
for the question on the first amendment?
Mr. SEWARD. The first amendment proposes
to strike out the preamble of the original bill. I
desire to hear that read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Whereas, the people of the Territory of Kansas, by their
repiesentauves 111 convention assembled at Lecompton, in
said Territory, on Monday, the 4th day of September, 1857,
having the n«ht of admission into the Union as one of the
United States of America, consistent with the Federal Con-
stitution, in virtue of the treaty of cession by France of the
pjovince of Louisiana, made and concluded on the 30th day
of Apnl, 1803, and in accordance with theactofCongress,
appioved on the 30th of May, anno Dommi 1851, entitled
"An acttootganize thcTerritoiy of Kansas and Nebraska,"
did form for themselves a constitution and State govern-
ment, republican in form ; and the said convention has in
their name and behalf a^-ked the Congress of the United
States to admit the said Territory into the Union as a State
on an equal footing with the other States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I call for the yeas and nays on
the second amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire very much to vote
on this question against the admission of Kansas
with the Lecompton constitution, but I am pre-
vented by the severe indisposition of the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] who intended to
come up here this morning, ami would have come
if no one had agreed to pair off* with him. I was
appealed to by a mutual friend to do so. There
having been long years of kind intercourse be-
tween Mr. Davis and myself, I could not, under
the circumstances, refuse. I could not put him to
the risk of coming here to the danger of his life,
as he would have done if I had not agreed to pair
off with him.
The question being taken on the amendment
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 31, nays 23; as
follows:
Y K.YS—Messrs. Alton, Bayard, Benjamin, Bi<i<rs, Bigler,
Blight, liiown, Clay, J]vans, Fitch, Titzpatrick, Green,
Gwm, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Johnson ot' Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason,
Pearee, Polk, PuL'h, Sebastian, Slide!!, Thomson of IVew
Jersey. Toombs, Wright, ant! Yulee—:!1.
NAYS — Messis. Bell, Brodcrick, Chandler, Clark. Col-
lamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, ] imkee, retention, Toot,
l'\Mei, Hale, Ilamlm, Italian, King, Seward, Simmons,
Stuart,Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the question
to be on Mr. Green's third amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Calhoun certifies in re-
gard to the ordinance:
That the witlmi is a true and peifeet copy of the ordi-
nance adopted by tile constitutional convention, and sub-
mitted as pa it ot the constitution by the convention wlncli
assembled at Lecompton on the 5th day of September, A.
D. 1857."
It is certified toby the President of the conven-
tion that this ordinance was submitted to the peo-
ple, and voted upon as a part of the constitution,
i 1 do not know that there is any objection to this
amendment; but it seems to me there can be no
doubt that the ordinance was voted upon by the
people, and understood to be a part of their con-
stitution. We may have the power, and proba-
bly we have, to disregard it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
„Mr. CRITTENDEN. Oh, no; let the amend-
ment go.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let me see if I understand
what the amendment is. Perhaps I do not desire
the yeas and nays upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not apprehend it. I
supposed it was upon the rejection of this ordi-
nance. If it was that, I should have wanted the
yeas and nays, for the reason that it is submitted
as part of the constitution; and I do not see how
the Senate can divide it—accept one part and re-
ject the other.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to make an answer to that.
There has scarcely ever been a new State admit-
ted into this Union that did not, in its ordinance,
claim more public lands than Congress ever gave
it. I never knew Congress to grant it in any case.
It is not a part, it cannot be made a part, of the
constitution* no matter what Mr. Calhoun certi-
fies. That does not affect its legal force. It is a
question of the gift of the public lands. There is
no case, from the admission of Ohio to this day,
in which a new State has not asked more lands
than Congress has given. The attempt to make
a mountain out of this molehill will certainly fail.
I mean no disrespect to the Senator from Illinois;
but I have said this much as the matter was
pressed from behind me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not suppose the Senator
meant any disrespect, and did not so understand
him at all. I suppose that, unless we can take the
record that has been sent here by the President of
the United States as true, we have no evidence of
any constitution at all. Tlie certificate of the pres-
ident of the convention, which is the only authen-
tication there is of the fact that any part of this
constitution has been adopted, states that this
ordinance was adopted and submitted as a part of
the constitution by the convention which assem-
bled at Lecompton. Here is the evidence that it
is apart of the constitution, submitted as such,
made one of the terms and conditions'on which,
and on which alone, this convention would agree
to come into the Union with this constitution. The
simple question is whether you will accept one part
of the constitution and reject the other part? It
is not like the ordinary case, where a new State
has made a constitution, and then made a propo-
sition separate and distinct from the constitution
in regard to the public lands. If they put it into
the constitution itself, submit it as part of the in-
strument, and send it here as a component part of
the constitution, by what right or authority can
we separate one part from the other—receive a
part and reject the residue ? That is the point I
wish to make.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This, sir, is of apiece with
a great many other objections that have been made
to the admission of this State; and it is surprising
that men of the position and intelligence of the
Senator from Illinois, will stand up in the pres-
ence of this assemblage, and state as a matter of'
principle what he has just stated. Here is the
constitution formed by this convention, signed by
all the members, certified at the foot, and that is
closed. What is this ordinance ? The ordinance
is a proposition by this new State that they will
not tax the lands of the Government of the United
States, which they say they have a right to tax,
provided we will give them all the land they ask
! for m the ordinance. It is no portion of their gov-
' eminent, it is nothing thatthey pretend, even upon
I the face of their own paper, that they have the
| right to exercise any control over; but asserting
I a pretension to tax the property of the United
| States, they say, we hereby agree to abandon that
j right if the Government will give us so much land;
I and in the bill now before us, we say in admitting
! this State into the Union, we refuse the proposi-
[ tjon made in the ordinance annexed to the con-
j stitution whereby the proposition is made to give
| them land for a surrender of this pretended right.
! This pretended right of taxation has never been
