2282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
was ultimately adopted, and formed the basis of
the policy of our Government in the late maritime
expedition under command of Commodore Perry.
He had severed interviews with that officer before
he sailed, and furnished him with all the inform-
ation possible; and the last one was by special
written request of the Secretary of the Navy.
In pursuance of certain resolutions, presented
by Mr. Hamlin, chairman of the Senate Com-
mittee on Commerce, and adopted by the Senate
on the 21st of February, 1850, calling on the Sec-
retary of State for information respecting the bar-
barous treatment of shipwrecked American sea-
men in Japan, also, m regard to the independent
Oriental nations, and their capabilities for a piofit-
able American commerce, Mr. Palmer was em-
ployed by Mr. Clayton to assist him m preparing
his answer to those tesolutions, and he was dili-
gently employed for about three months in that
business.
Between 1842and 1853, Mr. Palmer addressed a
series of letters, communications, and contribu-
tions, including copies of his printed documents,
to high functionaries in Japan, having for their
object the opening of that pmpire to American in-
tercourse and commerce, which he has tiansmit-
ted, frum time to time, to Nagasaki, through the
only safe and reliable channels ot communicating
with that secluded and mysterious empire, and it
may reasonably be presumed (hey have hud an
important influence and agency at that court m
preparing the way for the successful result of
Commodore Perry's mission.
Mr. Pulrm.r also printed, at different times, two j
thousand two hundred and fifty copies of his I
memoirs, at his own expense, for dismbution to I
Senators, members of Congress, and executive !
officers of the Government: and > at the request of
several Senators, he prepated a large outline map
to illustrate his memoirs on Siberia, printed by
ord«T of the Senate in 1848, and in consequence
of the delay at the time in the printing of the Sen-
ate documents, he claims compensation for nine ;
months' services, in which he was necessarily de- j
tamed during that year in the preparation ot the '
map and correcting the proof sheets of the usual, j
as well as exrra, numbers of copies of the memoir
ordered by the Senate; and also for four months'
services m preparing a report, illustrated by a
special chart, for the Secretary of State, under a
resolution of the Senate of the 1 Gih January, 1850.
In view of the highly meritonous and valuable
services thus rendeted by Mr. Palmer, arid their
important results in preparing the way for open-
ing new maits in the East to our commerce, the
Committee on Claims came to the conclusion that
he is justly entitled to compensation.
The bill was leported to the Senate, ordered to |
be engrossed for a thud leading, read the thud i
time, and passed j
ANSON DART. |
The bill (S, No. J81) for the relief of Anson !
Dart, was consideied as in Committee of the !
Whole. The Committee on Indian Affans re- ,
ported a substitute for the bill, to strike out all '
utter the enacting clause, and insert: j
That tin; piopor accounting officers of ilio Treasury Do. j
partment bt\und ttioy aie hereby, authorized ami diireted, i
upon the M'Ulementot the accounts ot An^ou Dart, late bU- i
penuundeui ot Indian allau'd ot Oiegon'IVintoiy, hereto- !
ion; filed as his final account, to allow Inmattlie rate ot |
pn annum, lor^ilaiy ioi the time he served as such, '
deducting tlieielioin the amount of Hilary hereioioiu allowed '
hun; and turthei, to allow >-uc!i ju.-t and ica^onablc ex- 1
penses mcuried for boaiding uueipreteis and pay of an |
asr^tant clerk as he utav ptove to have been necessary; and
that the amount lor tin- putpo^e he, and the  <ime i-, hcret'y,
appiopnatc'd out ot any money in theTieasury notouierw^c |
appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to. ]
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Thete is a verbal amend-
ment necessary m the twelfth line, the effect of i
which will be to subject the accounts to the ex- i
animation of the Indian office befoie going to the
accounting officers. The amendment is m line
twelve, after the word " prove," to insert, " to
the satisfaction of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments we/e concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES KNAP.
The bill (S. No. 272) for the relief of Charles
Knap, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to make such modifications in the con-
tract now in force with Charles Knap, for fur-
nishing material for the custom-house building at
New Orleans, as, in his opinion, the principles of
justice may seem to demand; with a proviso that
these modifications shall not extend beyond a re-
lease of1 the contractor from furnishing the mate-
rial for the windows, doors, and stairways of the
building, as specified in the contract.
3VIr. HOUSTON. Is there any report accom-
panying the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no report.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state that the bill
comes from the Committee on Commerce, and
there is a letter from the Se *retary of the Treas-
ury accompanying it, which, I think, discloses the
grounds of relief on which the committee acted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to object to the
bill; but 1 know that in all these contracts for cus-
tom-houses, post offices, and public buildings of
every description, the , pai ties take them ori cer-
tain conditions, and sometimes take them at too
low a price to complete them, and come forward
to Congress to eke out theamount for which they
contracted. It is really nothing but a swindling
business. I know nothing of the unfairness in
this case, but I shall be curious hereafter to know
how such bills get through the Senate. 1 know
nothing against it.
Mr. TKUMBULL. I object to the bill, with-
out some reason being given, or without knowing
something about it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I can, in a word, state the
facts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know anything
about the case; but I will say to the Senator from
Louisiana that I think it improper, without some
report or some reason, to pass a bill releasing a
contractor fiom his contract. It may be right.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state in a few words,
in the place ofa report, what appeared to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, upon correspondence with
the Department: Mr. Knap took a contract for
fui nishnigcei tam iron work for the custom-house
building at New Oilcans. The work consisted
partly of cast iron, and partly of wrought iron.
Mr. Knap, it seems, understood the quantity of
iron required for the custom-house differently fiotn
what the Government officers did. He made a
very low bid for the cast iron, and a somewhat
high bid for the wrought iron. On calculation, the
contract was awarded to him, as the lowest bidder
When the iron w<is called fur, it was found by
the Government officeis that a much laiger pro-
portion of wiought iron was required than thov
expected, and wrought iron had been bid for at
a higher rate, and a sum of something like one
hundred thousand dollars became due to Mr.
Knap under his contract. The Secretary of the
Treasury refused to pay him a dollar, unless he
would modify his contract, and reduce his price;
and, under this duress, he did modify his contract
and reduce the pricc very far below the original
contract, in order to get the money for what he
had already done, so as to enable him to go on
with his business. This modified contract, how-
ever, included the furnishing of the frames for
doors and windows, and the price for them is
shown to be, under the new contract, really less
than one half what it costs him to get them; and as
he had already, under duress, been forced to break
the original contract, which was a very advan-
tageous one to him, the committee thought it un-
just to compel the fulfillment of the second con-
tract in those parts of it which really involved loss,
and the bill is merely to release him from that
portion of the subsequent contract which com-
pelled him to furnish the fiames for the doors and
windows. That is the whole case.
Tiie bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
The bill (S. No. 273) for the relief of the offi-
cers and crew of the private armed brig General
Armstrong, was next announced.
Mr. HAMLIN. That will be debated.
The bill was passed over.
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST.
The bill (S. No. 975) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendergast was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to allow to Jeremiah Pendergast
$139 91, being the difference between the payal-
lowed him as a watchman on the construction of
the Patent Office extension and that allowed to
other watchmen.
The petitioner was employed by the late Rob-
ert Mills, engineer and architect in charge of the
construction of the extension of the Patent Office
building,as a night watchman, to receive the same
compensation, it is alleged, as that paid to other
watchmcn. He furnishes evidence that he re-
ceived but $1 25 per day for his services, extend-
ing from the 3d day of July, 1849, to the 30th day
of April, 1851, while other watchmen were receiv-
ing $1 50 per day, until the approval of the act of
Congress fixing the compensation at $500 per an-
num, when they were paid at the latter rate. The
petitioner asks Congress to give him the differ-
ence of pay between that received by others and
that paid to himself. The service performed by
hiiu being the same as that performed by others,
the committee think the petitioner is entitled to
the same pay.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ALBERT G. ALLEN.
Tho bill (S. No. 277) for the relief of Albert
G. Allen was read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole.
It provides that in the settlement of the accounts
of Albert G. Allen, late navy agent at Washing-
ton, one and one fourth per centum shall be al-
lowed him upon the disbursements of extra pay
made by him under the acts of August 31, 1852,
and March 3, 1653, to the officers, seamen, and
marines who had seived on the Pacific coasts of
Mexico and California.
Mr. KING. I ask for the reading of the report
in that case.
Mr. POLK. I was about to ask the Senator
who made the report to state the amount of extra
pay on which the per centum is proposed to be
allowed.
Mr. HALE. If the Senate will indulge me,
I will state the case in a much shorter time than
the report can be read. Mr, Allen was navy agent
here, and had the duty devolved on him to pay
this extia compensation; and the Government of-
ficers have decided that, being navy agent, and
not falling within the duties of his bonds, he was
j bound to respond for any payments that were
madeon papers that proved ultimately to be fraud-
; ulent. Under that construction they have charged
him, and he is now debited on the Department
books with, about three thousand dollars, for
money that he paid after exercising the best dis-
cretion that he could. This is certified to by the
officers. The foimer navy agent, by the action
of the Government, had two and a half percent,
for tho same service. We cut him down to one
half of that; one and a quarter per cent, is the
whole of it. I believe it amounts to about ten
thousand dollars, of which $3,000 now stands
charged to hmi on the books. He cannot settle
his accounts, and he has an outstanding bond to
respond to the whole of the rest.
Mr. PUGH. If you will put in a proviso that
he shall pay the §3,000, I shall not object, I am
apprehensive that we shall havdfanother bill in for
that.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no; this allowance is to be
made in settling his accounts.
Mr. PUGII. T object to the bill.
Mr. HALE. Well, allow the report to be read.
It is not very long.
Mr. PUGH. I take the Senator's statement; I
do not care about hearing the report. If the Sen-
ator will putin the amendment, I shall notobject.
Mr. HALE. L will accept the amendment.
Put it in this form: Deducting therefrom such
amount as may be due from hnn to the United
States." Will that answer?
Mr. PUGH. I am satisfied with that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
BERNARD M. BYRNE.
The bill (S. No. 282) for the relief of Bernard
