172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,.
In the brief interval since that adjournment
death has been busy in these chambers. Its tid-
ings, always eloquent of instruction and admoni-
tion, ,now fall on us with uncommon frequency.
But Indiana is twice a mourner. Besides the death
of Mr. Brenton, which I have just now commu-
nicated, the Hon. James Lockhart, elected to a
seat here from the first congressional district of
that State, is absent because he, too, has submit-
ted to the same mightier summons. And in the
same short season, another, the late Hon. George
G. Dunn—if, in this apt connection, I may be
pardoned this allusion—whose various talent, rare
and copious eloquence, independence, and judg-
ment, social virtues, nice sense of honor, inflex-
ible integrity, and fiery scorn and indignation of
everything wrong, arc yet so well remembered
here, has been lost from the roll of the living sons
of that young commonwealth. The death of such
men is much more than a private calamity.
Mr. Brenton was born November 22, 1810, in
Gallatin county, Kentucky. In 1830, at the age
of twenty, he entered the ministry of the Meth-
odist Episcopal Church. Henceforth, this was his
calling—the chosen and darling calling and busi-
ness of his life. In a country then new and but
thinly peopled, it demanded much toil and sacri-
fice; but his zealous and active service m this
ministry was only remitted at the end of a score
of years, when a partial paralysis, in 1848, left
him unequal to its tasks, and he then relinquished
the oflice. During this period, he was success-
ively stationed at Paoli, Crawfordville, Bloom-
ington, Lafayette, and Fort Wayne. In 1849, the
year following his disability, he was appointed
register of the land office at Fort Wayne, and dis-
charged its duties until the summer of 1851, when
he was elected a member of the Thirty-Second
Congress. Retiring from Congress at the end of
his first teim, he accepted the presidency of the
3/ortWayne Female Seminary, which,under his
superintendence, grew into quick and extraordi-
nary prosperity. He was again elected to Con-
gress in 1854, and again, last year, to the present
Congress.
This quick recital of the principal facts of his
history evince the public estimation and confi-
dence in which he was universally held. But
such public events Jail to commemorate the better
qualities of heait, which, with individual force,
are impressed on those brought more immediately
into contact. Mr. Brenion was even more hon-
ored and loved, and will be best remembered in
the social and private relations of life—in the
vaucd diameter of counselor, nuighboi, friend,
husband, and father, wheie full scope was given
for the play of the manly and gentle virtues of his
heart.
The qualities of Mr. Bren'ton were not brilliant.
Such qualities are usually allied to an impetuosity
and enthusiasm of character, at some expense
of deliberation and judgment. But he had other
qualities, which were more durable and useful.
He wus frank, sincere, genial, sagacious, sensi-
ble, practical. Ilis friendship was unreserved,
unstinted* steadfast. He was distinguished for
a ready, abundant, vigorous sense, and was bold
and enterprising in maintaining whatever he
deemed ligm. Here he was firm; and between
wrong and right nothing was ever yielded to cal-
culations of expediency. He was vigorous and
comprehensive in argument. His sincerity won
confidence; and so much gained, his impressions,
well told, were implanted and rooted in the hearts
of those who heard him. Without being showy,
all his qualities were sterling.
The profession to which his life had been ded-
icated, and to which his best years had been ap-
plied, made the religious element the dominant
one m Ins character. A strong religious senti-
ment was natural to him, but he deemed piety
valuable only as its maxims were practical, and
not speculative. In such a school of religious
belief, a good life was a primaiy and essential
condition; and he lived, wherever he was known,
as its faithful and lllustuous example. Its influ-
ence was not capi iciou.s and ou:abional. Nor was
it ever concealed, it was transparent at all tunes,
everywhere. It was woven, as a part of the tex-
ture, into all his motives and conduct. He studied
to measure his actions by its Divine authority,
and seemed to " dw ,ll ever m the gieat Task-
master's eye." Such qualities of mind, earnest,
sincere, sagacious, united to dualities of heart,
charitable, gentle,and affectionate, all penetrated
and mellowed by the influence of an unaffected
piety, endeared him, wherever his acquaintance
reached. Only the good we do survives the grave*
The graces and virtues of the good man are re-
membered when his body " sleeps well" in this,
its last appointment, and so, outliving him,
" Smell sweet and blossom in the dust."
What Mr. Brenton was in performing the
grave duties of this Hall, and the considerable
influence exerted by him in the legislation at the
Thirty-Second and Thirty-Fourth Congresses, is
public history. I shall not allude to it further.
Many of us are the witnesses of the accuracy of
the lineaments I have attempted to portray, and,
in the midst of such scenes as these we mingle in
now, of his constancy to his post of duty. He
suffered much from impairedhealthduring the last
days of the last Congress. But the importunity of
friends could not persuade him from his place; and
it was only at the final ad journment that he gladly
turned away, like a soldier relieved from duty, to
find solace, and, if Providence should allow it,
rebuild his shattered health, among the friends
whose confidence he represented,and in the bosom
of his family. His longings for home were mixed
with a prophetic sense that he should not long sur-
vive that meeting. His anxious wish to reach
home was realized; but it was only to be stretched
on a bed of fatal sickness, to be comforted, as his
disease proceeded to its fatal termination, by the
devoted love and ministrations of his family and
friends. The melancholy event I have communi-
cated followed soon after. There is a moral beauty
and heroism in a good man's life, and such a life
Mr. Brenton crowned with the heroism and
triumph of a Christian soldier's death.
It is profane to attempt to enter the sanctuary
of recent domestic grief. Though we may feel
this dispensation as a peisonal sorrow, and yield
our sympathies to those who stand m nearer rela-
tions to the dead, and though time may heal the
wounds of so severe affliction, the home made
desolate by the death of the husband and father
is without a human comforter. But the Provi-
dence that does all things right tempers the wind
to the shorn lamb; we each, in time, shall take
the same mysterious journey. Some go before,
some follow after. And though prone to upbmid
the paitieular providences by winch death sepa-
rates our friends from us, yet, in a larger econ-
omy, and seen with eyes of faith and hope, such
events loosen our hold here; and those who go
before us are the links of the chain that draws us
on, and kindly unites us to the life to come.
The thickening news of death that comes home
to us so presently, has its serious lessons for the
living—of faithful duty to be done here, and the
hope of happiness to crown it hereafter.
With reference to this event, I offer for adop-
tion, the resolutions which I shall send to the
Clerk's table. It is, I understand, the purpose of
my colleague from the fnst district, intimately
acquainted with the character and services of
the late Judge Lockhart, to call the attention of
the House to his death. For this reason 1 shall
not now move the usual resolution for an adjourn-
ment.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Recolued, That tins House lias hoard with soirow the
announcement of the d'Mth of the !!•   . fc? v.ntucr, i rhn ion,
elected to tins body from the tenth congressional dwuict of
Indiana.
Resolve*f, That, this Ilon^e teudeis Us sympathy to the
widow and iaimly of the deceased in thirf bereavement, and
that, as a testimonial of respect, it* members and ofhceis
will go into mourning, and wcai ciape on the iutt aim lor
thirty day:-.
Haolrcc1, That a oop\ o'*tbe lin-j-o-ouiy; resolutions be com-
municated to the widow ol the deceased.
Mr. BENNETT. Mr. Speaker, before this res-
I olution is adopted, I desire to add a few words to
j the just and eloquent tribute the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Pettit] has paid to the memory of
his late colleague, Mr. Brenton.
He entered Congress as a Representative from
the State of Indiana, seven years ago. During
all the time he was a m< mber of tins House we
were on terms of intimacy, and for the last two
years, upon the same committee. And thus we
became better acquainted than members from dif-
1 ferent and distantStates usually are. He honored
me with his confidence and regard. And I bade .
| him farewell at the close of the last Congress :
I as an esteemed and valued friend. To-day las ,
death has been announced, and we are called upon
to accord the last token of respect to his memory,
required by usage, and which is due from the liv-
ing to the dead.
Mr. Brenton was modest and retiring, almost
to a fault; unaffected and unpretending. It was
only after becoming well acquainted with him
that one could properly estimate his sound,good
sense, or justly appreciate his unbending integ-
rity. And amidst all the divisions of party, and
differences of opinion, all who knew him, friends
and opponents, knew that he ever acted in accord-
ance with his honest convictions, with a frankness
and directness worthy of the highest praise. It
was this trait in his character that challenged uni-
versal regard, and entitled him to the respect of
all—his evident sincerity and honesty of purpose.
He had no enemies; but, as is ever the case with
men of sterling qualities, those who knew him
best esteemed him most. ,
Always acting upon his own convictions and
judgment, he was yet charitable and courteous
toward those with whom he differed. The bit-
terness of paity strife never soured his temper or
overcame the kindness of his nature. He passed
that ordeal unharmed. Few of those possessed
of more varied acquirements, or even higher abil-
ities, had a sounder judgment or greater decision
of character; and none could be more upright in
the discharge of ail his duties. Strictly moral
and exemplary in his conduct, he was emphatic-
ally an honest man—true to his principles, faithful
to his ft lends, and just to all; and his highest eulogy
is contained in that brief and simple statement.
No words of mine can lessen the grief his family
and relatives must feel for their great loss. But
it may be some consolation for them to know,
hereafter, how truly ho was respected, and how
sincerely regretted, by those who knewhim here.
That will appear by the proceedings of to-day.
It is all that we can offer.
It is remarkable that during the short period
since the adjournment of the last Congress, four
members of the Senate of the United States,
[Adams of Mississippi, Bell of New Hampshire,
Butler of South Carolina, and Rusk of Texas,]
and three members of the present House of Rep-
resentatives [Brenton and Lockhart of Indiana,
and Montgomery of Pennsylvania,] have been
numbered with the dead. They have passed on-
ward before us to that dread hereafter, towards
which all human footsteps tend, to that dim eter-
nity to which, in a few years, we must all be con-
signed; where all is coid and silent, and from
which no voice comes back to the living What
a startling commentary upon the uncertainty of
human life, and the vanity of all human great-
ness ' All our great projects, our ambitious
aims, our fierce rivalries, our high designs, can-
not stay the angel of death for a single moment.
Perhaps never before, in so short a space, were
so many members of the same Congress stucken
down. May these repeated admonitions, as, day
after day, the death of another member is an-
nounced, be heard and heeded, and may the liv-
ing pause and remember how soon they, too,
must pass away forever; how soon they, too,
must die and be buried, and become like those
we mourn.
The question was taken, and the resolution
was agieed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DOWDELL. I rise to a personal expla-
nation. My attention has been called this morn-
ing to a copy of the Globe, wherein I am made
to appear as having voted for both Mr. Allen and
his opponent, Mr. Brown, for Clerk. I apprehend
that it is an error of the printer; and 1 call the
attention of the House to it from the fact that my
notice was called to it at so late a day that I have
not been able to correct it m the Congressional
Globe, mid the error will therefore go into the
pages of the Congressional Globe. I learn that
the Journal of the House is correct in that re-
spect. I voted only for Mr. Allen, not for both.
UTAH AFFAIRS AGAIN.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to with-
draw the objection that I made to the motion of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
to refer to the Committee on Territories so much
of the President's message as relates to Utah, so
that the committee may have an opportunity of
acting on it during the holidays.
