1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
yielded by Congress, and never will be yielded.
The idea of one of the States of this Union tax-
ing the property of the Government of the United
States within its limits is one which has been fre-
quently advanced by the new States with a view
to extort from Congress an additional grant of
land. It never yet has been conceded, and never
will. Here is the ordinance. The ordinance is put
here after the constitution. It is not signed by the
members.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will.
Mr. WILSON. When the constitution was
published by the convention in Kansas this ordi-
nance was placed at the head of the constitution
and the signatures wore placed at the end of the
constitution. It appeared as a whole. I do not
mean to dispute any of the positions of the Sena-
tor, but I state that this was the order in which it
was published and understood by the convention,
so submitted to the people, and Mr. Calhoun tells
us that it was accepted as a part of the constitu-
tion. All I wish is to get the fact right.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I am utterly
sick and tired of discussing this question on the
asseverations of gentlemen as to what may have
appeared in the newspapers, or what people may
have told them. I look at the record in my hand,
and in that I must be constrained to differ from
the example of the venerable Senator from Ken-
tucky. I look at what is before me, and not at
what is told me outside, nor at newspaper partisan
statements. Now in the paper as presented to us
by the President 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman al-
low me in all courtesy to ask when have I alluded
to anything &aid meiely by newspapers, or re-
ported merely 111 conversations?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will withdraw what I said.
The Senator from Kentucky cannot get me into a
discussion with him. I am unequal to it, and I
withdraw what I said.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman will but
do me justice 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will do him any justice.
I will wjthdrawall that I said, and confess'myself
mistaken.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly you are, and
I say it in all courtesy.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I am re-
ferring to the ordinance alone. Now, sir, the paper
that is before us is presented by the President of
the United States and the presidentof the Kansas
constitutional convention as the constitution of
Kansas. It begins thus:
" We, the people of the Territory of Kansas, by our rep-
resentatives. m convention assembled, at Leeompton, in
said Territoiy," ''having the light of admission,'" £cc.,££ do
ordain and establish the following con^ituhon."
That is signed, and that alone, by the members
of the convention. At the foot is this:
The within is a tine and perfect copy, as compared by
me, of the con.-tuution of the State of Kansas, prepared and
submitted by the constitutional convention at L^c-unpton,
on the Tcii oY November, 1857. J. CALHOUN,
"President Consiitutionul Convention
Then follows what is called by some gentle-
men 44an ordinance of the constitution:"and what
is it? "Whereas"—this is an entirely distinct
paper.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator permit me to
.make a remark ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. GREEN. This bill was drawn by my
friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian.] He
drew itthe ordinance of the convention." The
copyist, under a mistake, wrote ordinance of
the constitution." That is the way the mistake
occurred in the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Here is the ordinance:
" Whereas, the Government of the United States i-s the
proprietoi or will become so"—
they do not admit us to be yet—
—c*of aliSor mot-t of the lands lying within the limit-"* of .
Kan^a?,as determined under thi^ constitufon ; and whereas !
the State of Kan-a« will po?se^ the undoubted light to fax ,
such lands for the suppoit of her State government, oi for 1
other proper and legitimate purpose? connected with her j
existence a* a State. Now, therefore, be it oidaiued by j
tinconvention, on behalf of, and by the auihoiity ot the •
people of Kmk-.is,, that Uu- lurht aforesnid to tax such lamb 1
Miali be. and jshcjeny, forevei relinquished., if the eondi- j
tions following shall be accepted and agreed to by the Con- ;
ot the United State?."-' J
Then come the conditions: that we shall give ■
them some enormous quantities of land; and at
the close of that is the following certificate of the
president of the convention:
" The within is a true and perfect copy of the ordinance
adopted by the constitutional convention, and submitted as
part of the constitution by the convention which assembled
at Leconipton, on the 5th day of September, A. D. 1857."
That is to say, the people having formed a con-
stitution for their own government, by ordinance
asserted the right to tax the public lands, and
j submitted to the people a proposition to be made
| to the Congress of the United States, whether or
I not the Congress of the United States would give
I them an enormous quantity of land, as a consid-
, eration for yielding the right to tax the land; and
] this is called an " ordinance of the constitution."
; They might have put inside of the constitution
any proposition they pleased, for submission to
Congress; for a bargain to be submitted to Con-
gress; for the terms of settlement to be proposed;
and, if Congress assented to them, the bargain
would have been complete; but to call it a part of
the constitution because it is written in it is, to my
judgment, as inconsistent and as illogical as it
would be to call the Lord's prayer a part of a
promissory note, if it should be written on the
same piece of paper. One is just as logical as the
other.
This is a proposition by the new State of Kan-
sas to us for a bargain. The amendment of the
Senator from Missouri simply says on the part
of Congress, wo do not accept your bargain; we
do not agree that you possess the consideration
which you oiler for the abandonment of the right
to tax our lands, and we do not accept the bar-
gain. Whether it is called an ordinance attached
to the constitution, or annexed to the constitution,
or an ordinance passed by the convention, is a
question of puie verbal criticism; and all the in-
genuity of the Senator from Illinois cannot toi ture
that into intervention by Congress with a State
constitution. Nothing of that sort is intended;
no such purpose can be made out of it; and it is
in order to preclude any such conclusion from the
language of the act, that this verbal amendment
has been made.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall not occupy the time
of the Senate. I have neither the strength nor
the voice to do so. I do not intend to display any
ingenuity on this subject, nor express any sur-
prise that gentlemen of the intelligence of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana should differ with me; but
here we find the record shows that this ordinance
was submitted as n part of the constitution. The
record proves that; and the ingenuity of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, nor anything he can say,
can disprove the fact. This ordinance is certified
to be a part of the constitution that is submitted
here. The importance of that is this: She con-
vention say we are willing to come into the Union
on the terms contained in that record; and if you
strike out any poition of those tei ms, what evi-
dence have you that they will be willing to come
into the Union t what evidence have you that they
would have agreed to send here, unless these
terms were embraced m it> It is proposed now
to accept a part of the conditions on which they
propose to come in and to reject the other part.
If they say we will come in on two conditions—
the one, that you take this instrument as our or-
ganic law; and the other, that you agree to these
propositions contained in the ordinance; what
right have we to say we take the one, and reject
the other ? How do you know they would have
consented to come in at all, unless you acceded to
both ? I say, therefore, you must take it as they
present it, or you must reject it in toto, in my
opinion. 1 shall not argue the point. I have |
merely stated the proposition; I am notable to j
enter into an argument now. j
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say a word, •
Mr. President, m reply to what seems to m^ to i
be rather an extraordinary remark of the .Senator >
from Louisiana, that some Senators were accus- |
tomed to biing into the Senate what ho a appeared j
in the public press. Now, I have sent for the
Daily Globe, and I find the statement I made v*r-1
ified. This ordinance appears at the head of the !
constitution, as published there, and so appeared !
at the time in the Territory of Kansas. Mr. Cal- !
houn himself testifies that it was voted for as a part'
of the constitution, by the people. Although the ■
Senator from Missouri hns told us that the people '
did not veto upon the consutatun at all, Mr. Cal-!
houn testifies that they did, and voted for this or-
dinance as a part of the constitution.
1 wish to say to the Senator from Louisiana that
I have no contempt for the public press of this
country. I have fully as much respect for what
appears in the public press, as I have for what
appears in manufactured official papers. I will
examine the statements of the public press, to see
whether they be correct, as I will examine what
appears in official papers, and see if they be cor-
rect. The one can state falsehoods, and we all
know the other does. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, that, when I make a state-
ment on this floor, I intend to make itupon what
I believe to be good authority; and that Senator
knows that, with all his ingenuity and all his
knowledge, he has never yet been able to show
the mistakes or the misstatements of any asser-
tions of fact which I have made here.
I did not bring this matter up for the purpose
of finding fault. All I wished was to have it set
right. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] re-
ferred to it, I thought, rather captiously. He
said other States have claimed large portions of
public lands. I ask the Senator—-I ask it for in-
formation—whether other States, when they have
made constitutions, sent any such ordinances
here certified to as a part of their constitutions ?
It may be jso, or it may not. I certainly suppose
that when a constitution is before us, it is proper
and legitimate for all of us to examine its precise
and exact provisions, and that we have the priv-
ilege of doing so without being liable to any gen-
eral reflections as to our course in reference to
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered. It requires unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the call. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should like to hear the
amendment again read.
The Secretary again read the amendment;
which is, in line eleven, section two, to strike
out the word " of," and insert " annexed to."
Mr. COLLAMER. It is merely a verbal
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment printed is that of the Senater from Ohio,
[Mi. Pugh.]
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw that,as the substance
of it has been adopted, and 1 shall offer an addi-
tional section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark.]
Mr. CLARK. I did not offer it, but merely
laid it on the table for the purpose of offering it.
It has been printed. 1 do not propose to offer it
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The Secretary read Mr. Pugh's amendment;
which is, to insert the following as an additional
section:
he it further cnacfed, That from and after the admis-
sion of the State of Kansas, as hereinbefore provided, all
the laws of the United States which are not locally inap-
plicable, shall have the same power and effect within thnt
State a?s'm other States of the Union ; and the said State
is hereby constituted a judicial district of the United State*,
within which d dhtnet couit, with like powers and juris-
diction as the district emu t of the United Stares for the dis-
tuct of Iowa shall be e^abhshed. The judge, attorney,
and marshal of the United States for the &aid distnct of
Kansa.-, shall reside withm the tame, and phail be entitled
to the tamp compensation ab the judge, attorney, and iiku-
shai of the district of Iowa.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays v/eie ordered.
Mr. HALE. I should like to inquire for in-
formation, of some member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, whether this lias been a usual amendment
to bills for the admission of new Slates, or is it
something; extraordinary in this case ?
Air. PUGH. It is not extraordinary. When-
ever there has been an enabling act it has been
passed at the same session with the joint resolu-
tion admitting the State; but of late years, in a
number of cases, wherever the admission has been
by act instead of joint resolution, it has generally
been put into the act itself.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
ve&ulted—yeas 37, nays 19; as follows:
