222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wade.
[March 29,
Ho. of Reps.
will go on and increase in severity, as it increases
in extent of surface, until the one shall grind the
other to powder. There is no salvation for the
weaker institution, which ever it shall prove to be,
till the strong arm of Congress shall interpose be-
tween them. That is just what we have arrived
at in this Kansas discussion. It is precisely the
state of things that was to be expected.
We were told by the political prophets and
preachers of the pro-slavery gospel that their
"squatter-sovereignty" doctrines were to bring
peace and harmony to the Union. Where is our
peace at the present time? We, upon this side
of the House, have held up over us threats to dis-
solve the Union, unless we retract our opposition,
and permit this felon constitution to be imposed
upon a majority of the people of Kansas—a con-
stitution which the people have repudiated by a
vote of four to one, or five to one, or ten to one.
I do not know what the ratio is; but whatever it
may be, this is evident: that you are under the
necessity of resorting to force to compel a portion
of that people to submit to it. If they are in a
minority, then it shows the impotency of pro-sla-
very immigration; but if those who are resisting
this Lecompton constitution are in a majority,
then it shows the tyranny of Congress and of
the President, in attempting to impose it upon
them.
This leads me to comment, for a few moments,
on the course that has been pursued in relation to
the investigation of the facts surrounding this Le-
compton constitution. Gentlemen upon the oppo-
site side of the House argue it precisely as they
would argue a question of demurrer or writ of
error in a court of law; while we, who advocate
an investigation into the facts, insist that we make
out a prima facie case; that at least eight tenths of
the people of that Territory are opposed to this
constitution. You come here and say, in the lan-
guage of the Jew, the law allows this constitu-
tion, the judge awards it; therefore it is my right,
and I will have it," We meet you as statesmen,
Baying that this is no mere legal question about
an old horse or a wheelbarrow; but it is a ques-
tion of the right of the people to govern them-
selves. You tell us the constitution is fair on its
face. It is all right, says the President, on the
face of it; so was sin, as depicted by Milton, fair
externally. How is it within ? we ask you to
permit us to probe this fair and just and beautiful
thing, as you call it. Oh, you say, it is all regu-
lar; it is absolutely beautiful; it is a pity to spoil
such a regular and fair constitution. But we come
here and tell you, that it is full of " dead men's
bones and all uncleanness;" a mere whited sepul-
cher; and we ask you to permit us to take our
crowbars and our picks, and to perforate it, and
see what is inside of it. You say, no; you shrink
from it like men conscious thatyou have no case;
conscious, before the nation and the civilized
world, that you must entrap your antagonists
hero, just as a twopenny pettifogger would grab
a widow's cow, by virtue of a slip m special plead-
ing. You take exactly the same course. You seek
to determine the rights of men, and to fix their
institutions for all time, for aught you know, by
frauds as base and infamous as ever characterized
a gang of counterfeiters in their dens m the wil-
derness, to evade the pursuit of the officers of the
law. There is no escape from this. Why, if you
are innocent, hang upon a wretched technicality ?
Do gentlemen suppose that the people of this na-
tion, North and South, are not able to compre-
hend the length and breadth of this question?
Here, sir, was a proposition made by the friends
of the free-State men of Kansas, to ascertain the
fact whether or not a majority of the people of
that Territory were consenting to this Lecomp-
ton constitution. What did they propose to do?
They proposed to go on and show, by indubit-
able evidence, that, in the election of members to
the constitutional convention, in the election by
which the doings of that convention were ratified,
and in the arrangement of the laws respecting the
elections in that Territory, there were frauds by
which the people were defrauded of the elective
franchise.
Mr. JENKINS. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question to know whether I understand him
correctly. I would inquire whether he is making
an argument against the reception of the Lecomp-
ton constitution, upon the ground that it is the
work of fraud, and not of the people of Kansas ?
Mr. WADE. That is what I am doing.
Mr. JENKINS. Then, I ask the gentleman
this question: whether, if it were not tne work of
fraud, but had been fairly formed, and represented
the will of the people of Kansas, he would vote
to admit Kansas with the slavery clause in her
constitution ?
< Mr. WADE. When we have settled the ques-
tion whether it is the will of the people or not, I
will answer that question.
Mr. JENKINS. That is a regular Yankee an-
swer. [Laughter.]
Mr. WADE. Yes; and it is destructive to the
slaveholder's argument. That is the difficulty
with it.
Mr. BOWIE. You do not answer the question
at all.
Mr. JENKINS. Will the gentleman let me
ask him another question?
Mr. WADE. A question only.
Mr. JENKINS, if the gentleman would not,
under those circumstances, vote for the admission
of Kansas, what does he mean when he talks
about the right of the people of Kansas to frame
their own constitution, and to regulate their do-
mestic institutions?
Mr. WADE. We are endeavoring to get you
to permit them to make their own fundamental
laws, and you will not do it.
Mr. JENKINS. But suppose they should
wish to come in with slave institutions, would
the gentleman admit the State then?
Mr. WADE. Will the gentleman probe this
?ucstion of fraud in the constitution with me?
f he will do this, then I will answer his ques-
tion. But I understand you. You think you
have a little the advantage of us, but like a thor-
ough-going pettifogger, you will not relinquish it
for anything we can do or say.
Mr. Chairman, the whole country will hear of
this refusal to investigate, and it will satisfy your
own people in the slave States of the fraud, if
they could but have it honestly placed before
them; and I would be willing to Ipave it to a ver-
dict of the people of the slave States alone to
say whether or not this Lecompton constitution
should be imposed upon the people of Kansas, if
you could get a fairand honest expression of that
people, uncontaminated by the prejudices which
would be thrown around it to pervert their judg-
ments.
I have divers things here on this question of
fraud which I designed to refer to, but I have not
time.
Sir, there was a communication said to have
been made by the President to Mr. Walker and Mr.
Stanton, in relation to their intermeddling with
these fraudulent votes in the Territory. There is
no communication in the documents furnished us
by the President of the date of 8th of September.
I will read from the Washington correspondence
of the Richmond Enquirer. I hope gentlemen
will read, ponder, and inwardly digest it:
" Washington, Monday, November 2, 1856.
<{ President- Buchanan most unequivocally condemns the
action of Governor Walker touching the Kansas elections,
1ml yet then; will be no removal. Secretary Floyd was tele-
graphed to New York on Fi iday evening last tohuny home
to attend a Cabinet meeting to-day on the subject of Kan-
sas, and! feel assured Walker's actions will be pronounced
an ciror, and he wtll bo reprimanded for falling into it m
direct violation of his instruction ol September 8, in which
he is specially chained to leave all questions of fiaud to the
Legislature, where it propeily belonged.
"The President regrets this blunder the more, a<? it places
the southern members of his Cabinet in an unpleasant po-
sition, and is likely to reopen the Kansas question through-
out the South. Mr. Buchanan is surpu.jod that Governor
Walker should have fallen into such an eiror, as )tis in-
structions were too plain to be misunderstood, and were
prepared to meet precisely the state of the case which oc-
cuired. Yet, he says it was only an error, and his first one,
which is al o rather a matter of surprise, as he has had to
steer through a narrow, ciooked channel, full of snares, and
enveloped in fog.
"The impression of Governor Walker's friends here is,
that he will receive the reprimand, acknowledge the blun-
der, and let his name be submitted to the Senate. If the
southern fire-eaters are disposed to reject lnm. let them do
so. Better this than sneak out of the difficulty as his pre-
decessors did. Let the Senate rcjeet him, and he will oc-
cupy a position fioin which he can piopeily defend himself
and the Administration. Should he resign, he will properly
sink into political oblivion, fiora which no futuie act can
resurrect him."
How is that? He was instructed with refer-
ence to a state of the case that might occur, and
that was the state of the fraudulent returns enough,
to determine the election on that occasion. Now,
sir, if this thing be so—I cannot vouch for it and
I know nothing about it—if Governor Walker or
any other Governor of Kansas Territory were in-
structed not to meddle with these returns in view
of a fraud in those returns, it deeply implicates
the Administration; and that communication of
the 8th of September, if it exists, ought to be pro-
duced here, that we may know whether or not
this was a scheme devised expressly for the pur-
pose of cheating the free-State men out of their
rights in that Territory.
Why could not Governor Walker intermeddle
with these returns? I know it is said that the
laws of the Territory referred it to the Legisla-
ture, and the Legislature referred it to a consti-
tutional convention, and therefore the Governor
had no right to intermeddle.
But, sir, 1 insist on it that these instructions
and these modes of determining the rightfulness
of these elections were devised so as to obtain a
false verdict, for the express purpose of coming
here with a formal constitution, which was not
the embodied will of the people of that Territory,
but was the embodied will of the slave power in
this Government.
The New York Herald, by its Washington cor-
respondent, of October 31, 1857, states the same
thing. He adverts to the same letter of the 8th
of September, as follows:
" Washington, October 31,1857.
"The telegraph report m tUas morning's papeis, that Gov-
ernor Walker and Secretary Stanton would be removed
unless they shall choose to lesign, is without foundation.
While the President and Cabinet condemn the course of
Governor Walker in issuing his proclamation and transcend-
ing his instructions in throwing out the vote of the Oxford
precinct—for he had no authority to do so under the teru-
torial laws, it belonging to the Legislature to determine the
authenticity of their own members—thcieby displeasing both
parties; hut it does not follow that he must be removed. The
whole matter will be brought before a special meeting of
the Cabinet this evening.
"Secretary Floyd was telegraphed for last evening, his
presence being desired at a Cabinet meeting to be held on
Monday next, relative to Governor Walker and his late
proclamation, which will be ccnsured by the Administra-
tion, as in direct violation of his instiuctions of September
8. lie had no authority whatever to pronounce upon the
legality of votes, and was specially instructed to receive
the returns, and let the Legislature determine their char-
acter.'5
The Star, of the date of November 2, 1856.
stated at the same time that Governor Walker
was acting contrary to his instructions. That is,
he was instructed not to meddle with the election
returns which he knew to be fraudulent:
" Governor Walker and Johnson County.—We ap-
piehendthat the Journal of Commeice is in erroi in its be-
lief that there is no foundation whatever for the statement?
of Washington letter-? for the press, attributing to the Ad-
nnni^tiation dissatisfaction with the course puisued by
Governor Walker with reference to the alleged election
fiauds in Johnson county, Kansas. We do not, however,
believe that the disapprobation of that course, which the
Admimstiation is said to entertain, is so great as to justify
the newspaper correspondents! statements that the design
of removing him is entertained." * * * *•
" Thus, for twenty four hours, it seemed to be believed
by usually well-informed persons around us, that in as-
suming, as alleged, to decide upon the chai aoter of the John-
son county returns—setting aside the certificate* of judges
of the election, and issuing his wariants, entitling them to
hold scats in theLegislatme, to candidates returned to him
by the said judges as having been defeated—he has over-
stepped his authority, under the circumstances, in a most
delicate point, acting, in fact, directly contiaiy to his in-
structions. Our impression is, that in a few days those in-
structions will be published," &c.
So it seems that this scheme was got up for the
express purpose of handing over to us a consti-
tution that should he fair upon its face while false
and fraudulent within. All investigation into
these facts was to be stifled. I need not go on
with this matter further, i intend to print with
my speech some of these extracts, and to show
that while congressional intervention was pro-
hibited by the Nebraska bill, it was superseded
by an executive intervention of a more odious
and hateful character.
Let us see whether the Administration has been
fair and impartial. I arraign the President for
gross partiality; nay, sir, for siding with the vehe-
mence and vindictiveness of a partisan with these
Lecomptonites in the Legislature. What does he
say? He says in his organ, the Washington
Union, of the 7th of August, 1856:
Governor Walker it a southern man ; lie lias been sent
