1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17®
PRINTING OP DRED SCOTT DECISION.
Mr. BENJAMIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there,be printed Tor th<j use of the Senate,
twenty thousand copies or the opinion of the Judges of the
Supieme Court in the case of l>rcd Scott is. John A. F.
Sanford.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there he punted five hundred copies of the
report of the CommnMoner of the Geneial Land Office and
accompanying documents, for the use of the office.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BENJAMIN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize the
improvement of the Mississippi, Missouri, Ar-
kansas and Ohio rivers by contract, and making
appropriations for the same.
Mr. MALLORY gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill for the establish-
ment of a court-house at Apalachicola; also a bill
to repeal certain laws relative to pilots.
Mr. FESSENDEN gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to intioduce a bill for the uscei-
tainment and satisfaction of claims of American
citizens, forspoliations committed by the French
prior to the Slst day of July, 1801.
Mr. POLK gave noticc of his intention to ask
leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to settle doubts in relation to the title of;
certain common field lots in the State of Missouri, :
heretofore giantcdto the inhabitants of St. Louis J
for the support of schools. j
A bill for the relief of Marie Lisa, and Joachim j
Lisa and others; and to piovide for the location j
of certain confirmed private land claims. |
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce the following bills;
which were read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands:
A bill (S. No. 33) to authorize the State of Iowa
to apply the unsold lands heretofore granted for
the improvement of the navigation of the Des
Moines river, to the construction of a railroad in
the valley of said river.
A bill (S. No. 34) explanatory of an act entitled
" An act to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Mississippi and
other States," approved the 3d of March, 1857.
Mr. HOUSTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 35)
for the relief of Michael Kinney, late a private m
company I., eighth infantry, United States Army;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
36) further to amend an act" to divide the State of
Illinoisinto twojudicial districts,"approved Feb-
ruary 13,1855; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 3) to extend and define the authority of the
President, under the act approved January i 6,
1857, entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
* An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy,' "
in respect to dropped and retired naval officers;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. DAVIS. The subject has been so fully
discussed in the Senate tliat I hardly suppose it
will be required that the joint resolution should
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
If, however, the chairman desires it 
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly; I ask for that ref-
erence.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course, then, I cannot .object
to the reference.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GWIN. I move that it be printed. The
subject is one on which we ought to act immedi-
ately.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 37) to
provide for the admission of Kansas into the
Union; which was read twice by its title, and or-
dered to bo printed.
Mr. PUGH With the indulgence of the Senate
I wish to 2:ive a brief explanation of the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suggest that it ought to be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection to its refer-
ence, but I wished to have a printed copy of the
bill, with the view that probably other Senators
might suggestamendments before sending it to the
committee; but I have no objection to its being
referred to the Committee on Ten iton.es at once.
I was about to state, as it would delay the Sen-
ate some time to read the bill, and as it is an act
of some importance to myself, the substance of
this bill which I offer as a compromise for the
settlement of the present difficulties m Kansas.
The bill provides for the admission of Kansas
into the Union as a State, under the constitution
adopted at Lecompton, November 7, 1857, with
the boundanes defined in the pacification bill of
the last Congress, and upon two fundamental con-
ditions.
The first condition is that the seventh article of
the constitution, relative to slavery, shall be sub-
mitted to a separate and direct vote, " Yes" or
"No," of the qualified electors, on the 7th of
April, 1858, at which time the State officers, the
Legislature, and the Congressmen shall be chosen.
The returns of this election to be made to the
Governor of the Territory instead of the pres-
ident of the convention, and the election con-
ducted in obedience to the laws in force on the
7th of November.
The second fundamental condition is that the
constitution shall not be so construed as to limit
or impair the right of the people, through their
Legislature, at any time, to call a convention for
the purpose of altering, amending, or abolishing
their form of government, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States.
The President is required to admit the State
by proclamation as soon as the election of April
7th shall have transpired.
The ordinance of the Lecompton convention,
relative to the grants of public lands, is rejected,
and, in its stead, the usual articles of compact are
offered to the first Legislature of Kansas, for ac-
ceptance or rejection, as in the case of other new
Slates.
I shall not ask the attention of the Senate to
any further exposition of the bill at this time;
but I hope that after the Senator from Mississippi
has spoken on the subject, 1 may be allowed to
explain somewhat more fully the reasons on
winch I base these various provisions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
NAVAL COURTS OF INQUIRY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion
of Mr. Crittenden, to reconsider the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Slidell on the 22d
December last:
Resoh-ec7, That the Piesident be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate the iecords of proceedings of the several
naval couitc oi inquiry, oigantzfd underthe act ol Congte^s
iippioved January 16, Icto amend an act entitled "An
aet to pioamte tne eiiicieney ol the Navy."
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 understood that the Senator
from Kentucky (whose attention I beg leave to
call to this matter) desired that this resolution
should not be acted upon until the courts had
finally adjourned, and closed their proceedings. I
have no disposition to press it now, unless it be
agreeable to the Senator from Kentucky to pass
the resolution at this time.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. I think, perhaps, it had
better lie over, but I am willing to consult the
wishes of Senators. If the Senator from Louisiana
prefers to have it acted on now, very well.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 suggest that it will be very
easy to make a supplemental motion, if all the
documents should not come in. Anticipating an
objection that probably will be made, and I think
has already been made, as to ihe great expense
which would necessarily attend the printing of
these documents, 1 will say that rhe natural course
would be a reference of them to the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the Senate; the printing of
such documents only as may become matteis of
discussion, will probably be asked for hereafter.
I cannot see any objection to the adoption of the
resolution at present.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman's aim,
I presume, is to extend the call as well to cases
! hereafter to be decided as to those already de-
| cided.
: Mr. SLIDELL. I have no objection to that
! modification of the resolution,
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know that I
j have any objection to that. If the Senator desires
j to give that form to his resolution, very well. I
! presume the gentleman intends that we shall have
the original records.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is my intention.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. To make copies would
be laborious.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand so.
Mr. BELL. To have the originals would be
contrary to our usage.
Mr. SLIDELL. On reading this resolution, I
will state that it appears to me it will cover the
whole ground up to the time the President makes
his communication, and then the courts will have
finished their business and adjourned.
Mr. DELL. I would suggest to my colleague
on the committee that unless he has examined
the subject, and finds that these records are Jess
j voluminous than I apprehend they are, we shall
have to make some room for their admission here.
Hut 1 do not see what we can do with them when
they do come. If all the records that have been
accumulated m these inquiries are to bo transmit-
ted, and I presume they include all the previous
examinations and decisions of courts of inquiry
and courts-martial in reference to the character of
these individuals, they will be exceedingly volu-
minous and ponderous. I take it that, according
to no custom or usage that I know of, can we ex-
pect that they will transmit the original records
here, to be in our custody. 1 presume they will
have to employ an extra clerical force to furnish
us copies of them all. I had supposed that in
any case which may become the subject of in-
quiry before the Committee on Naval Affaus, it
would be competent for the commitiec to request
a copy of the record of the proceedings of the
courts in that pardculai case. Peilmpsthey might
give us the original papers, if it became necessary
to see them. So if any case became the subject
of investigation m the Senate, it would be com-
petent foiHhe Senate to call for the it-cord in that
case; but I think it would lead to great inconve-
nience to the Depcft'tment, unless, as I stated be-
fore, they employ extra clerical force to furnish
us with copies of the whole proceedings. I merely
make this suggestion.
Mr. SLIDELL. As to the first difficulty sug-
gested by the Senator from Tennessee, my col-
league on the Committee on Naval Affairs, that
there will not be room in this wing of ihe Cap-
itol to receive the papers; that, perhaps, may be
left to the discretion of the Secretary and the Ser-
feant-at-Arms. I presume some arrangement can
e made. I have no idea that the Secretary of the
Navy will think it necessary to have these papers
copied. I think he may venture to trust these
records to the safe-keeping of the Senate during
a reasonable time.
As I before said, so far as I am concerned, 1 do
not anticipate that I shall ask for the printing of
these records except m some very few cases in-
deed; but I should like to have an opportunity
of examining them, and 1 do not know of any
other means of doing it, except by going to the
Navy Departmentathours that would notbecon-
venient to myself or tfte Department. When they
are before our committee, some examination may
be made of them; and those cases selected, the
records in relation to which it may be necessary
to print. I really do not see all the objections
which present themselves to the fertile imagina-
tion of my colleague on the Committee on Naval
Affairs. 1 hope the resolution will be allowed to
pass.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am entirely content
that the Senator from Louisiana shall take his
own course in relation to this subject; but I wish
to make one suggestion, or rather to repeat the
suggestion made by the Senator from Tennessee,
if it would not be better to call for such records
! as any Senator may desire to have before the Sen-
! ate from time to lime. In this resolution we call
I for all these records, and many of them may be
entirely useless. They may be cases in which
the party is content with the decision that has
been made, We do not want those records here,
certainly. They would be but an incumbrance.
