2286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
six, township twelve south, range twenty east,
and lot or section ten, in township thirteen south,
range twenty east, in said State; these lands being
the unconfirmed half of a tract of nine arpents
twenty-six toises front, by eighty arpents in depth,
the other half of which was confirmed to Am-
broise Brou, by the act of Congress of February
23, 1823.
Pierre Brou had been, in the year 1791, already
forty years in possession of a tract of land of ten
arpents front, by eighty in depth, which, at his
death, became the property of his sons Ambroise
and Jacquez Brou, who, after a joint possession
of a number of years, divided it in 1816. In 1820,
Ambroise Brou presented his half for confirma-
tion, which was granted by the ac.t of Congress
of 1823, confirming the report made by commis-
sioners on 6th January, 1821. In 1826, Jacquez
sold his half to Seraphin Brou, and Seraphin re-
sold to Ambroise in 1830, so that Ambroise be-
came owner of the whole tract. It now appears
that, while Jacquez was owner of one half the
tract, he neglected to apply for its confirmation,
and the tract is now placed on the maps recently
made by the Land Office as public lands. It is
plain that the United States have no title to the
lauds; and that they are private property, which
did not pass to the Government under the treaty
of cession.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
R. W. CLARICE.
The bill (S. No. 324) for the relief of R. W.
Clarke, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for paying: R. W. Clarke, late as-
sistant messoftffor in the office of Commissioner
of Pensions, $225, in full compensation for extra
services performed by him in (hat office as clerk,
from January 1, 3851, to October 1, 1852.
Mr. CLAY. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
I vers on , on the 10th of May, from which it ap-
pears that Mr. Clarke was employed in the office
of the Commissioner of Pensions as an assistant
messenger, at a compensation of #500 per annum.
After the passage of the bounty land law of Sep-
tember, 1850, the duties of the office were so much
increased that it became necessary, as it is al-
leged, to call on the petitioner to devote a portion
of ins time to the performance of the duties of a
clerk, lie commenced the performance of these
extra duties January 1, 1851. In November, of
that year, the Commissioner of Pensions, on the
suggestion of his chief clerk, represented to the
Secretary of the Interior that the claimant was per-
forming, in part, the duties of a clerk, in addition
to his proper duties, and recommended that com-
pensation, at the rate of $300 per annum, should
be allowed therefor. The Secretary approved
of the suggestion, and the additional pay was al-
lowed, fiom October 1, 1851. The present appli-
cation is for the extra pay between January 1,
when the service commenced, to October l,when
the pay was made to commence. As the service
from January 1 is certified by the then chief clerk,
and was necessary, and was subsequently so rec-
ognized by the Secretary, the committee think it
just that the amount claimed should be allowed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MRS. ANN P. DERRICK.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 3*25) for the relief of Mrs. Ann P. Derrick,
widow of W. S. Derrick, deceased, which pro-
poses to allow her the difference between her hus-
band 's pay as chief clerk of the State Department
and the salary of the head of the Department,
while he was acting Secretary of State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am opposed to the prin-
ciple of that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fostrr.)
The bill beuij? objected to, it lies over under the
rule.
KATHARINE M. HAMJ2R.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 6) to continue the pension heretofore granted
to Katharine M. Hauler, which had been reported
by the Committee on Pensions, with a request to
be discharged from its further consideration.
Mr. PUGH. There is no objection to that bill
that I know of, except the fact that we passed a
general act yesterday. Now, if the general bill
were passed, I should, of course, have this bill
laid on the table; but this lady is in such circum-
stances that her case ought to be attended to.
Her pension expired on the 3d of December, 1856.
Her husband was a meritorious officer. She is a
very poor lady, and I think she ought to have a
pension.
Mr. JONES. You are aware of the fact, Mr.
President, that the committee was unanimous in
favor of the bill for this lady; there is no objec-
tion to granting her a pension; but we believed it
1 would be more likely to pass if included in the
general bill. I believe it is the unanimous opin-
ion of the committee that the House of Repre-
sentatives will be more apt to pass a general bill
than a special bill. This is a strong case 
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the bill will be passed
without further debate.
Mr. IVERSON. If there is to beany further
debate, I must object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object. Let alt these
bills go together.
The bill was passed over.
CATHERINE DICKERSON.
The bill (S. No. 326) for the relief of Catherine
Dickerson was announced as the next private bill
on the Calendar.
It contains a direction to the Secretary of the
Interior to placc the name of Catherine Dicker-
son, widow of John Dickerson, late a pensioner
of the United States, upon the pension rolls, un-
der the provisions of the act of July 7, 1838, en-
titled " An act granting half-pay and pensions to
certain widows," and pay to her the amount to
which she would have been entitled under that
act, from March 4, 1836, to the date of the com-
mencement of the pension she now receives.
Mr. IVERSON". Does not that come under
the provisions of the geneial bill?
Mr. JONES. No, sir.
Mr. KING. I think this bill, granting back
pensions, had better lie over.
Mr. CLAY. I object to it.
The bill was passed over.
WIM.IAM CONWAY.
j The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. 11. No. 100") to
j revive an act entitled il An act for the relief of the
! heirs, or their legal representatives, of William
! Conway, deceased."
; The heirs of William Conway, deceased, or
; their legal representatives, having never been able
! to avail themselves of the provisions m their favor
| contained in an act approved July 2, 1836, partly
j because of some error or mistake as to-thc loca-
1 tiou of the portion of the lifwds applied for under
; the act, and partly because of the existence of a
j h'gal controversy between the parties in interest
[ under its provisions, it is proposed to revive and
| continue the act for one year.
i Mr. STUART. 1 should like to hear from the
1 Senator from Louisiana what was the substance
of the former act which is proposed to be revived,
j Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 cannot exactly recollect
t this case, but there was a report in the House of
Representatives. I think the act authorized these
i heirs to make an exchange of certain lands with
1 the Government. They had litigation amongst
i themselves so as to make it impossible for them
'• to comply with the provisions of the law within
the year for which the former act was passed.
This bill renews it for one year.
Mr. POLK. I recollect the case. There was
before the committee a statement of counsel that
explained the litigation which prevented the par-
lies from availing themselvesof the benefit of the
at t within the time limfted, and the committee
were unanimously of opinion that the time ought
to oe extended for another year.
Mr. STUART. Very well.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
tlnid time, and passed.
' JOHN PICKELL.
The bill (8. No, 328) for the relief of John
Piekell, late a lieutenant m the United States
Army, was read a second t«me, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of John Piekell, late a lieuten-
ant in the Army, upon the roll of invalid pension-
ers, and to pay him such full pension per month
ae is allowed to officers of his rank, under exist-
ing invalid pension laws, commencing November
1, 1857.
Piekell graduated at West Point, in the year
1822, and was commissioned second lieutenant in
the fourth regiment of artillery, and continued in
the faithful discharge of his duties as an officer in
the Army until the year 1838. During his ser-
vices in the Florida war, in which he was actively
engaged for some three years, his health was per-
manently injured; and in the battle of Fort Drane,
August 12, 1836, he did most distinguishing ser-
vice, in the performance of which he received an
injury from which he has never recovered. In
the course of the engagement he was compelled
to detach the men under his command to act as
light infantry, and to push his piece of artillery
(a brass six-pounder) across a ravine to a position
in the midst of a large body of Indians, and by a
rapid discharge of his cannon, loading, poising,
and firing with his own hands, and entirely un-
aided, he prevented a flank movement of the en-
emy, and thereby saved nearly the whole com-
mand. In thus gallantly performing this unusual
duty, the nearest proximity to the cannon was
necessary, and the shock upon the right ear, from
the discharge of the piece, was so severe that the
next day after the battle a violent hemorrhage
from the ear ensued, of which he has had returns
ever since. This local injury so enfeebled his con-
stitution that he was finally obliged to withdraw
from the service, and from its effects he has be-
come totally disabled
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
STEPHEN R. ROWAN.
The bill (S. No. 330) for the relief of Stephen
R. Rowan was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the attorney of the United
States for the southern district of Illinois to enter
satisfaction of a judgment rendered by the dis-
trict court for that district at its June term, 1856,
in favor of the United States of America against
Stephen R. Rowan, on his paying all the costs.
Prior, and down to the 29th of May, 1845,
Rowan was receiver of public moneys in the land
office at Shawneetown, Illinois. In pursuance of
an order of the Secretary of the Treasury, on the
evening of the 26th of May, of that year, he
embarked on board the steamer New World, at
Shawneetown, bound from New Orleans to Cin-
cinnati, for the purpose of depositing the public
moneys m his possession in the Louisville Savings
Institution, at Louisville, Kentucky, taking the
money with him, consisting of silver and gold.
The silver was in boxes,and the gold in his trunk.
The gold was m ten parcels, wrapped securely in
paper and sealed. Four of these parcels contained
$700 each, two of them $500 each, one $400, an-
other $200, another $195, and the other one $46 80.
They were carefully stowed in the trunk, which
was of leather.
On his going on board the steamer, Mr. Rowan
applied to the clerk to take charge of his money,
j This he declined to do, saying that he had no
! lock upon his office. Rowan then deposited the
| money in his state-room, and kept in sight of it
' all the way to Louisville. The boat arrived at
I Louisville in the night, and, being behind time,
I the captain notified the passengers intending to
| debark at Louisville, they could have only ten
; minutes to get on shore. Rowan went ashore im-
; mediately and as speedily as possible to get a hack
' to take himself and his trunk and boxes up to the
bank. Being alone, he was compelled to cease
i his watch upon his trunk and boxes whilst absent
! in procuring a hack. In about five minutes he re-
i turned, got the boxes and trunk, and drove up to
! the hotel in which the president of the bank board-
! ed; sent in for him, took him into the hack, and
I went wuh him round to the bank, where they de-
i posited the tiunk and boxes in the vault, and after
i locking them up left them there for the night. The
1 next morning theyproceeded to count the money,
' when they discovered that six of the parcels of
| gold, containing, $2,34180,were missing, namely,
' one of the $700 parcels, the two $500 parcels, the
