1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
different boundaries ? The bill proposing to admit
Kansas, after describing the boundaries, contains
this proviso:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained respecting the
boundary of said State shall be construed to impair the
rights of persons or property now pertaining to the Indians
in said Territory, &o long as such rights remain unex-
tinguished by treaty between the United States and such
Indians, or to include any teintoiy which, by treaty with
such Indian tube, is not, without the consent of haul tiibe,
to be included within tiie territorial limits or jurisdiction of
any State or Territory ; but all such terntoiy shall be ex-
cepted out of the boundaiies, and constitute no pait of the
State of Kansas, until said tribe shall signify their assent to
the President of the United States to be included within
said State, or to affect the authonty of the Government of
the United States to make any iegulation respecting s,ueh
Indians, their lands, proppitv, or other rights by tieatv,
law, or otherwise, which it would have been competent to
make if tins act had never passed."
Now, sir, by this proviso there is excepted out
of the State of Kansas all that tract of country
which the Indians hold in the Territory of Kan-
sas. Ilere is an empire within an empire; a State
within a State. Kansas might, and very likely
would, object to coming into the Union with a
district of country within her borders over which
her jurisdiction did not extend, and a rendezvous
for 
Mr. PUGH. The Kansas-Nebraska act ex-
pressly provides that we shall have the right to
make that very provision at the time of her ad-
mission. It is reserved in the act of Congress
creating the Territory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a very convenient
way of arguing. Because your abominable Kan-
sas-Nebraska act contained an abomination, and
was full of iniquity, is that a reason for retinacling
another? Suppose it was in the Nebraska act 
Mr. PUGH. Suppose it were ever so much
an abomination, if we reserve a right in it, we
could hold on to the right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because you do it in the
Kansas-Nebraska act, therefore you can admit
Kansas as a State with different boundaries from
those the people of the State have prescribed ! Is
that the proposition? One of the important ques-
tions to be considered, according to the report of
the Senator from Missouri, who is engineeiing
this bill through the Senate, is whether the pro-
posed State has proper boundaries. ITe says
when you come to admit a State, you are to in-
quire, first, has she sufficient population; second,
are her boundaries appropriate; and third, is her
constitution republican? IN ow,you say her bound-
aries are not appropriate, and yet you are going
to admit her. She has made no exception in her
constitution, and if you have a right to except out
the Indian country, you can change the constitu-
tion in any other respect. It is impossible to es-
cape from this. It is here upon the record, and
it is legislation by Congress to make a constitu-
tion for the people of Kansas, and on the part of
those who disclaim all the time any right to in- ;
terfere with the affairs of a State or Territory. j
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that there is ab-
solutely nothing in the proposition of the Senator
from Illinois. Who ever heard before that the
people of a Territory could get together and make
their boundaries at their own will, without the as-
sent of Congress? Congress has always claimed,
and has always exercised in the case of nearly
every new State, the right to define its bounda-
ries. It does not affect the constitution of the
State; and I have never heard a respectable law-
yer pretend before that it did. Why, sir, the Con-
gress of the United States altered the boundaries
of the State of Ohio after she had been more than
thirty years in the Union; and the boundaries of
the State of Michigan and others. But it is not
worth while to waste time on this matter. The
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] seemed de-
termined, in my absence yesterday, to misrepre-
sent my argument. Now, I have got him on his
own proposition. He says there was no provis-
ion for this constitution to be submitted to Con-
gress. Here it is:
"This constitution shall be submitted to the Congress of
the United States."
That is what Mr. Calhoun means in these two
certificates, when he speaks of the constitution
and ordinance being submitted, for they are dated
on the 14th of January, long after all the votes.
Mr. STUART. I am sorry that the Senator
should wish to have a controversy with_ me. I
am very desirous to avoid it; but still if it is really
insisted upon, I do not know but that if driven
into controversy, I am as well fitted for it as any-
body; but I declare to him I desire no such thing.
I stated that the constitution provided for a sub-
mission to the people. I did not say that it did
not provide for a submission to Congress. I said
| that it provided for a submission to the people.
Having used that term of submission to the peo-
ple, and that being really the submission which it
meant, I inferred that the certificate alluded to the
same thing. But the Senator is very much mis-
taken if he supposes I insist on misrepresenting
either his argument or his position. I do not
desire to do that with any Senator, and certainly
not with tho Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In reply to the remarks
of the Senator from Ohio I wish to say that there
is not an instance of which I have any knowledge,
and if one exists I should like it to be shown,
where the Congress of the United States ever
admitted a State into this Union with different
boundaries from those she had prescribed for her-
self, without sending her constitution back. The
State of Michigan was kept out of the Union for
yeais, until she would agree to the boundaries
which Congress thought proper to prescribe. I
am not aware of a single instance where a State
was ever admitted with different boundaries than
those she had prescribed for herself. The usual
way has been for Congress, in the first instance,
by the passage of what is called an enabling act,
to fix the boundaries, as was done in the case of
Minnesota last year. I do not think the instance
can be found where Congress has undertaken to
j admit into the Union a different tract of country
! from that which has formed a constitution.
Mr. PUG H. I repeat that the tract of country
is of no consequence at all, and is no part of the
constitution. The first constitution of the State
of Ohio did not describe any boundaries at all—
did not say a word about boundaries.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made, as in Committee of
the Whole, being in section two, line eleven, to
strike out the word "of" and insert "annexed
to," was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole is to in-
sert the words kC hereafter to be made," after the
word " grants,''in the thirteenth line of the sec-
ond section.
Mr. STUART. I have been asked to change
the language of that amendment by saying " if
hereafter made," instead of " hereafter to be
made."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment, as modified, was con-
curred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, being that offered by Mr. Pugh, to
extend the laws of the United States to the new
State of Kansas, and to provide for the organiza-
tion of a district court therein; was concuned in.
The biil, as thus amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, as follows:
An act for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union.
Whereas, the people of the Territory of Kansas did, by a
oonventirm of delegates, called and assembled at Lecomp-
ton, on the 4th day of September, 1857, for that pmpose,
foiin for themselves a constitution and State government,
which ^aid constitution is lrpublican, and <aid convention
having a-ked the admission of said Teimoi\ into the Union
as a State on an equal footing; with the ongmal States-
ide it enactcd by the Senate and House oj Representative*
of the United States of America in Congress aavmbled, That
the State of Kansas ^hall be, and is heieby declared to bp,
one of the United States of America, and admitted into the
Union on an equal footing with the original States, in ail ie-
spects whatever. And the said State shall con-ist of ail
the teiiitoiy included within the following boundaries to
wit: beginning at a point oil the western boundaiy of the
State ol .Missouri, when; the thiriv-sev^nth paiallel of lati-
tude crosses the same : thence west on said p-irallei to the
ea.-tprn boundaiv of New Mexico; thence nouli on said
boundary to latitude tnirty-eurht; thence following said
boundaiy westward to the eastern boundaiy of the Tenitory
of Utah, on the dimmit of the Rocky Mountains ; thence
noithwaul on said summit to the foitieth paialiH of lati-
tude ; thence east on said parallel to the western boundaiy
of the State ot Missouri: thence south with the western
boundary of said State to the place of beginning: l7) odded, i
That nothing heiem contained ie-peetiug the boundary oi
said State hhall be con-tiued to impair the rights of pet sou ;
oi piopeity now pertaining to ihe Indians in -aid Territory i
so loiu> as btich rights shall icmam unextinguished by treaty j
between the United States andtueh Indians, or to m< hide i
any territory which, b> treaty with ^ueh Indian tnbo. k nor j
without the consent of said tribe to be included withm the i
teiritoual limits oi jurisdiction ol any State or Teiritory \ :
but all such tenitory shall he c^epted out of the bound- i
atics, and constitute no part ol the State of Kansas, until !
said tribe shall signify their assent to the President of the
United States to be included within said State, or to affect
the authority of the Government of the United States to
make any regulation tespecting such Indians, their lands,
property, or other rights, by treaty, law, or otherwise, which
it would have been competent to make if this act had never
been passed.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, Thatthe State of Kan-
sas 13 admitted into the Union upon the expiess condition
that said State shall nt-.ver interfere with the primary dis-
posal of the public lands, or with any regulations which
Congress may find necessary for securing the title in said
lands to the bona fide purchasers and grantees thereof, or
impose or levy any tax, assessment, or imposition of any
description whatever upon them, or other propeity of the
United States, within the limits of said State; and that
nothing m this act shall be construed to abridge or infringe
any right of the people asserted in the constitution of Kan-
sas at all tunes to alter, reform, or abolish their foim of
government in such manner as they may think proper, Con-
giess hereby disclaiming any authority to inteifere or declare
the construction of the constitution of any State, except to
sec that it be republican m foim, and not in conflict with
the Constitution of the United States; and nothing in this
act shall be construed as an assent by Cougiess to all or to
any of the propositions or claims contained m the ordinance
annexed to the said constitution of the people of Kansas,
nor to deprive the said State of Kansas of the same grants,
if hereafter made, which were contained m the act of Con-
gress, entitled an uAct to authorize the people of the Terri-
tory of Minnesota to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, preparatory to admission into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States," approved February 26,
] 857.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That until the next
general census shall be taken, and an apportionment of rep-
resentation made, the State of Kansas shall be entitled to
one Representative in the House of Representatives of the
United States.
Sec. 4. Jind he it further enacted, That from and after
the admission of the State of Kansas as hereinbefore pro-
vided, all the laws of the United Slates which are not
locally inapplicable, shall have the same force and effect
within that State as in other States of the Union; and the
«atd State is hereby constituted a judicial district of the
United States, within which a district court, with the like
power and jurisdiction as the district court of the United
States foi the district of Iowa, shall be established. The
judge, attorney, and marshnl, of the United States for the
said district of Kansas, shall reside within the same, and
shall be entitled to the same compensation as the judge,
attorney, and marshal, ot the distiict of Iowa.
The bill was read the third time; and on the
question of its passage, Messrs. Wade and Wil-
son called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President X have not
troubled tho Senate during the discussion of this
measure, and I do not propose to do so now. I
merely wish to submit a word or two in relation
to one of the amendments which has been adopted.
I allude to the amendment introduced by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, that makes a declaration re-
cognizing the right of the people of Kansas to
alter or change their constitution prior to the time
prescribed m the instrumentitself. I did not, when
my name was called, vote on that proposition. I
am opposed to it, and cannot give it my sanction.
I barely wish to state now, m as few words as
possible, the grounds of my opposition.
In the first place, I think it altogether nugatory
and useless to incorporate such a proposition into
the bill. If the people of Kansas have a right to
change their constitution, according to their own
mode, and m their own time, nothing contained
in that declaration of the bill can confer it upon
them, or take it away from them. If they have
not the power, it does not confer the power. If
they have the power, it is unnecessary to express
it in this bill.
But, sir, I do not myself admit the power of
the people of Kansas, under this constitution, to
change their form of government prior to the time
prescribed in the constitution, and in the mode
which is there pointed out. I do not, and shall
not on the present occasion, stop to elaborate this
proposition. I merely state it as an objection
which I have to this amendment, and I will not,
by any vote of mine, recognize the right of the
people of Kansas to change their constitution in
any other form than that prescribed by the in-
strument itself, or at any time prior to that pre-
scribed by the people of Kansas in convention
assembled.
When my name was called, I did not respond,
although I was in the Senate Chamber, for the
reason that I found that [ should be in a minority
of one perhaps on this side of the Chamber, and
might be found solitary and alone in the ranks of
the Black Republicans on the other side of the
Senate, and I considered it rather a dangerous
thing to he found in such company; and, there-
fore, I chose not to place my name amongst them.
I remembered that when I was a little boy, in con-
