1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2287
$400 parcel, the $195 parcel, and the $46 80 par-
cel. On examination of the trunk, it was found
that it had been cut with a sharp instrument, and
the bundles abstracted. Mr. Rowan immediately'
proceeded to Cincinnati to try to find out some-
thing further about the tliuft, and, if possible, to
secure the thieves. He learned, from the clerk,
that a couple of men of very bad character, who
*had come on board the boat at New Orleans, es-
caped from if at Louisville without paying their
passage; and that they had probably robbed the
trunk and stolen the gold. Mr. Rowan offered a
reward of $500 for the recovery of the money, and
a quarter section of good land for the apprehen-
sion of the thieves, .But all his efforts to regain
the money or apprehend the thieves were unavail-
ing. The silver was safe and untouched.
Mr. Rowan had often before taken the public ;
money from Shawneetown to Louisville in large j
amounts, but had never met with any loss previ- !
ous to this occasion, although he was not more
careful than on the trip of the robbery. Indeed,
the committee think he was as careful of the
treasure in his charge as he knew how to be. His '
character for truth and honesty was shown to be j
irreproachable. Mr. Rowan gave timely notice ;
of the larceny to the Secretary of the Treasury, ;
Hon. R. J. Walker, and also to General Shields, i
Commissioner of the General Land Office; and !
in May, 3846, with the concurrence of these offi- j
cers, he presented his petition to Congress for j
relief. The case came into the hands of Judge j
Pennybacker, a member of the Senate, who died i
before he had reported upon it. The papers went i
into the files of the Senate, and remained there j
until quite recently. '
On the 27th of August, 1845, Mr. Rowan's ac-
count was settled at the Treasury Department,
and a balance of $2,386 83 was struck against
him. On the 7th of March, 1856, his account
was again stated, and he was charged interest on
the above balancc, from the 7th of August, 1845,
to the last-named date, amounting to $3,369 73,
and making, together with the principal, the sum
of $3,756 56. At this date, it was found that
there was a balance of $216 34 due by the United
States to Mr. Rowan on another account. This
amount wasdeducted by the Comptroiierfrom the
above sum of $3,756 56, and a balance of $3,540 42
was shown against Mr. Rowan. But while the
accounting officer of the Treasury charged inter-
est against Mr. Rowan on the balance of $2,3S6 83
in favor of the United States, he allowed no m-
terestagainst the United States on the balance of
$216 14 in favor of Mr. Rowan. On the balance,
as last shown above, suit was instituted against
Mr. Rowan, and judgment taken, with stay of
execution for one year, at the June term, 1856, of
the United States district court for the southern
district of Illinois. The judgment was entered
for debt as principal, not in the sum of #3.540 42,
the balance shown as above stated, after deducting
the $216 14, but for the whole sum of $3,756 56,
without deducting the $216 14, and for interest on
the above stated principal, amounting to $284 93,
also for $39 50 costs of suit.
Thus, while on the one hand the United States
got judgment for interest on interest, on the other
hand not only was all interest refused to Mr.
Rowan on the balance found to be due him, but
even that balance was not allowed him.
The committee think that satisfaction ought to
be entered on the judgment against Mr. Rowan,
on his paying all the costs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
P. S. DUVALL AND COMPANY.
The bill (S. No. 331) for the relief of P. S. Du-
vall & Co., was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to P. S. Duvall &
Co., of Philadelphia, of $763 in full for sixty-
four reams of paper furnished by them on which
to punt illustrations of the Japan expedition.
The petitioners contracted with the Govern-
ment in 1856 to print, with plate illustrations, the
second volume of Perry's Japan expedition, to
be paid when delivered; the Government to sup-
ply the paper. In pursuance with this contract,
they printed, with the illustrations, a large num-
ber of copies; and had them ready to deliver when
they were destroyed by fire m April* 1856, to-
gether with the plates from which the work was
illustrated. They recommenced the work, and
applied to the Superintendent of Public Printing
for paper; but as Congress was not in session,
they obtained the paper from the manufacturer,
with the consent of the Superintendent, subject
to future adjustment, and proceeded to perform
the contract. The account filed by the petitioners
is for value of property as follows: Ten thou-
sand and twenty each of ten plates for the Japan
expedition, volume two, being on hand ready for
delivery and destroyed by fire 11th April, 1856,
$3,121 97; redrawing ten plates, at $30, §300;
sixty-four reams of paper, at $12, $780; total,
#4,209 97.
These statements are corroborated by the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing. The Committee
of Claims do not deem the petitioners entitled to
relief beyond the value of the paper. They show
no reason why they did not secure themselves
against loss by insurance; and the Government,
in contracting with them, did not undertake to
insure them against loss by fire.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ANTON L. c. PORTMAN.
The bill (8. No, 332) for the relief of Anton L.
C. Portmau was read a second tune, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to pay to Anton L. C. Portman, the :
clerk to Commodore M. C. Perry, while in com- ;
mand of the East India squadron, §1,000, for his
services as Dutch interpreter during the negotia- 1
tion of the treaty between the United States and
the Empire of Japan.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a tin.d
reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS LAURENT.
The next b'lll on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No 334) for the relief of Thomas Laurent, sur- [
viving partner of the firm of Benjamin and Thomas
Laurent, which proposed to return §15,000, paid
by the parties to General Scotf, for the purchase ,
of a house in Mexico, since taken from them by
the Mexican authorities.
Mr. PUGH. Let that bill lie over. j
The bill was passed over. |
EDWARD INGERSOLL. |
The bill (S. No. 224) for the relief of Edward ;
Ingersoll was considered as in Committee of the '
Whole. _ _ |
Its object is to allow to Edward Ingersoll, milt- i
tary storekeeper at Springfield, Massachusetts, i
#335 75, being the amount of a judgment with cost j
against him for the hire of carriages used by the :
board of commissioners (appointed under the act j
of March 3,1853) while in the discharge of their j
duties at Springfield armory.
Under the act making appropriations for the
Army, approved March 3,1853, a board of com- j
missioners was appointed to examine the United j
States armories. While in the discharge of their ,
duties at Springfield, in Massachusetts, Edward
! Ingersoll, the military storekeeper at that place, ,
| employed carriages for the use and convenience
| of the board, the expense of which, it was sup-
; posed, would be charged to their contingent ac- ;
' count, which,includingthisitem,Wcisaudited and ^
| passed by the board during their session. The
i appropriation to defray the expenses of this com- '
| mission was not sufficient to cover them all, as the 1
j item of hack hire was stricken out of the estimate ;
i before it was sent to Congress, for the reason that ;
1 it should be paid by the commissioners them- '
I selves. Application was then made to the com-
; missioners for the payment of the amount thus 1
due, andforwhichMr. Ingersoll was held respons-
; ible; but they failed to attend to it, and Mr. In- ;
! geisoll has been compelled, by course of law, to :
pay the judgment and costs against him, amount- ;
. ing to $335 75. The commissioners should have
! paid this money; Mr. Ingersoli's agency in the 1
! matter only extended to making a baigain in or- '
! der to obtain the use of carriages for the commis- !
sioners, at a reasonable price; but as the payment
has fallen upon him, it is only fair that he should
be reimbursed in the amount for which he was ,
held accountable. • I
The bill was reported to the Senate without I
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and ]
ABNER MERRILL.
The bill (S. No. 335) for the relief of Abner
Merrill, of the State of Maine, was read a sec-
ond time, andconsidered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It directs that there be paid to him a pension of
eight dollars per month in lieu of the four dollars
he now receives, the increase to commence on the
1st of December, 1857, and continue during his
natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EDWARD P. VOLLUM.
The bill (S. No. 336) for the relief of Assistant
Surgeon Edward P. Vollum, of the United States
Army, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the ascertainment and payment
of the value of the property lost by Assistant Sur-
geon Edward P. Vollum, of the United States
Army, who, while under orders of the War De-
partment, was on board the brig Fawn, bound for
Port Umpqua, Oregon Territory, when she was
wrecked, on the 21st of November, 1856; but no
allowance is to be made for any property except
what was useful, necessary, and proper for such
an officer while on the voyage, and engaged in the
public service.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
CALEB SHERMAN.
Thebill (S. No. 338) for the relief of CalebShor-
man was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Under its provisions, in the settlement of the
accounts of Caleb Sherman, collector of customs
at Paso del Norte, Texas, the proper accounting
officers will allow to his credit $075 37, that being
the amount of Government money of which he •
was robbed on the night of November 6, 1855.
The petitioner was appointed collector of the
customs for the district of Paso del Norte, on the
5th of August, 1854, and immediately thereafter
entered upon the duties of his office. He collected
large sums of money, which have been duly ac-
counted for; but on the nightof November 6,3855,
his oflice was entered, and the iron safe, furnished
by the Government, and in which the funds col-
lected were kept, was broken open, and the con-
tents abstracted and carried away, including the
sum of $975 37. The office in which the peti-
tioner transacted his business was on a public and
frequented street, and in the neighborhood of oc-
cupied dwellings; the safe was such as afforded
every reasonable evidence of its perfect security,
and was used by other persons, by permission of
the petitioner, for the deposit of funds; and no
negligence is justly imputable to him in reference
to the place of deposit, which was the best that
could be afforded under the circumstances.
It appears, moreover, that on the night of No-
vember 7,1855, some persons broke into the build-
ing, threw the safe down, unscrewed the handle
of the door, and by this means were enabled to
insert a quantity of gunpowder into a cavity of
the lock, by which they blew open the door. This
was a concealed defect in the construction of the
safe, which, no doubt, was unknown to the pe-
titioner. All the money then in the safe was car-
ried off, of which several considerable sums he-
longed to merchanss who had funds deposited
therein. It appears that there was money therein
belonging to the Government, apparently equal
to the amount stated, but the exact amount of
which can only be ascertained by the books of the
office, and the statement of the petitioner. The
individuals by whom the robbery was committed
were at once pointed out by circumstances which
left no doubt of their identity. They all decamped
on the night of the robbery ,andescaped into Mex-
ico. All reasonable efforts were made to capture
them and recover the money, but without success.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ANN L. ROGERS.
The bill (S. No. 340) for the relief of Ann L.
